Palm Beach may refer to:
Places
Australia
Palm Beach, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney
Palm Beach, Queensland, on the Gold Coast
United States
Palm Beach, Florida
West Palm Beach, Florida
Palm Beach County, Florida
Palm Beach Hotel (Palm Beach, Florida)
Palm Beach International Airport
Palm Beach Opera
Palm Beach, Illinois
Palm Beach, an artificial beach at Moody Gardens Resort, Galveston, Texas
Other countries
Palm Beach, Aruba
Palm Beach, Oro-Medonte, Ontario, Canada
Palm Beach, New Zealand, Waiheke Island, New Zealand
Palm Beach, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa
Other uses
Palm Beach (1980 film), an Australian drama film
Palm Beach (2019 film), an Australian comedy-drama film
See also
Palm Beach Airport (disambiguation)
Palm Coast, Florida
Namaquanula is a plant genus in the Amaryllidaceae, found only in Namibia and the Cape Province of South Africa. There are 2 recognized species:
Namaquanula bruce-bayeri D.Müll.-Doblies & U. Müll.-Doblies - Namibia, Northern Cape Province
Namaquanula bruynsii Snijman - Namibia
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Prof. Eng, Marek Hartman (born 7 February 1947) was a Polish footballer who played as a forward, and later a director and university professor.
Biography
Born in Gdańsk, Hartman started playing football with local team Lechia Gdańsk, making their debut on 9 May 1965 against Victoria Jaworzno. At the start of their career, Hartman played with Lechia in the II liga, making a total of 34 appearances in Poland's second division. During the 1966–67 league season Lechia suffered relegation to the III liga. Hartman played a further two full seasons before retiring at the start of the 1969–70 season to focus on an academic career, stating that they had lost the motivation to continue playing football. In total for Lechia they made 75 appearances and scored 24 goals in all competitions.
Before retiring from football at the age of 23 Hartman had attained their masters degree. They were given a scholarship in the UK, returning to Poland in 1988, and becoming the director of the Electrotechnical Institute faculty at the Gdańsk University of Technology. In 2006 they became the director of the Technical College of Communications at Gdańsk Tech, holding this role until their formal retirement in 2012.
References
1947 births
Living people
Lechia Gdańsk players
Polish footballers
Association football forwards
A Dielectric Wall Accelerator (DWA) is a compact linear particle accelerator concept designed and patented in the late 1990s, that works by inducing a travelling electromagnetic wave in a tube which is constructed mostly from a dielectric material. The main conceptual difference to a conventional disk-loaded linac system is given by the additional dielectric wall and the coupler construction.
Possible uses of this concept include its application in external beam radiotherapy (EBRT) using protons or ions.
Operation
An external alternating-current power supply provides an electromagnetic wave that is transmitted to the accelerator tube using a waveguide. The power supply is switched on only a very short time (pulsed operation).
Electromagnetic induction creates a traveling electric field, which accelerates charged particles. The traveling wave overlaps with the position of the charged particles, leading to their acceleration inside as they pass through the tube's vacuum channel. The field inside the tube is negative just ahead of the proton and positive just behind the proton. Because protons are positively charged, they accelerate toward the negative and away from the positive. The power supply switches the polarity of the sections, so they stay synchronized with the passing proton.
Construction
The accelerator tube is made from sheets of fused silica, only 250 µm thick. After polishing, the sheets are coated with 0.5 µm of chromium and 2.5 µm of gold. About 80 layers of the sheets are stacked together, and then heated in a brazing furnace, where they fuse together. The stacked assembly is then machined into a hollow cylinder. Fused silica is pure transparent quartz glass, a dielectric, which is why the machine is called a "dielectric wall accelerator."
A sketch of one of the assembled modules of the accelerator is shown in the patent sketch. The module is about 3 cm long, and the beam travels upward. The dielectric wall is seen as item number 81. It is surrounded by a pulse-forming device called a Blumlein. In figure 8A, the power supply charges the Blumlein. In figure 8B, silicon carbide switches surrounding the Blumlein close, shorting out the edge of the Blumlein. The energy stored in the Blumlein rushes toward the dielectric wall as a high voltage pulse.
Usage in Proton Therapy
Dielectric wall accelerators have the potential to replace the currently used proton accelerators in radiation therapy, due to their smaller size, cost advantages, and reduced shielding requirements.
Advantages and Limitations
The DWA addresses the main issues with the current proton therapy systems—cost and size. Depending on the desired final beam energy, the conventional medical accelerator solutions (cyclotrons and small synchrotrons) can have large cost factors and space requirements, which could be circumvented by DWAs. The cost estimate for a DWA is about 20 million US dollars.
DWAs are expected to reach acceleration gradients around 100 MV/m.
The system is a spinoff of a DOE device to inspect nuclear weapons. This system requires several new advances because of the high energies, e.g., high gradient insulators.
A wide band-gap photoconductive switch, about 4,000, is needed.
A Symmetric Blumlein, typical width 1mm.
References
External links
Dielectric Wall Accelerator G. J. Caporaso, Y.-J. Chen, S. E. Sampayan September 3, 2009, Reviews of Accelerator Science and Technology
High Gradient Dielectric Wall Accelerators Muon Collider Design Workshop, December 8–12, 2008, Thomas Jefferson National Laboratory
Ultra‐High‐Current Electron Induction Accelerators Physics today [0031-9228] Kapetanakos, C yr:1985 vol:38 iss:2 pg:58
US Patent 7924121 Dispersion-Free Radial Transmission Lines, April 12, 2011
Accelerator physics
Rafael de Faria Cortez (born October 25, 1976) is a Brazilian journalist, actor and comedian.
Education and career
Cortez graduated in journalism from PUC-SP and between 2008 and 2012 was a reporter of Custe o Que Custar.
On July 15, 2011 the show was the release of their independent CD called "Elegia da Alma" ("Elegy of the Soul", in English).
In 2013 Cortez was hired by the Rede Record to present the show Got Talent Brasil, a local version of Got Talent.
Television
Films
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
People from São Paulo
Brazilian people of Spanish descent
Brazilian male comedians
Brazilian male television actors
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male stage actors
Brazilian journalists
Arthur Torrington CBE is a Guyanese-born community advocate and historian who is Director and co-founder of the London-based Windrush Foundation, a charity that since 1996 has been working to highlight the contributions to the UK of African and Caribbean peoples, "to keep alive the memories of the young men and women who were among the first wave of post-war settlers in Britain", and to promote good community relations. The organization commemorates in its name the Empire Windrush, the ship that on 22 June 1948 docked at Tilbury bringing the first significant group of Caribbean migrants to Britain, including Sam King, who with Torrington established the Windrush Foundation.
Also in 1996, Torrington set up the Equiano Society, with the main objective of celebrating the life and work of Olaudah Equiano (c. 1745–1797), as well as the literary and cultural legacy in Britain of Equiano's African contemporaries.
Biography
Born in British Guiana (modern-day Guyana), Torrington attended St Ambrose Primary School and Tutorial High School, and went in Britain as a teenager in the 1960s.
Torrington joined forces with Sam King to establish the Windrush Foundation, in 1996, to ensure that the 50th anniversary of the arrival of the Empire Windrush would be appropriately marked and celebrated; as reported in the Guyana Chronicle: "Using their own resources, Arthur and Sam went around the country, gathering together as many people as possible, with stories of the Empire Windrush and what would come to be known as the 'Windrush Generation'. ... Their goal was to turn the 'Empire Windrush' into an iconic symbol, representing early Caribbean migrants and their contribution to the rebuilding of Britain after WWII. It worked and the 50th anniversary turned out to be a huge success, spawning books and TV and radio documentaries. Sam, who had sailed on the 'Empire Windrush', was among those who met Prince Charles at St James's Palace for an official ceremony to mark the occasion." In 2018, the Windrush Foundation led the project "Windrush70" to mark the 70th anniversary of the arrival of the Empire Windrush.
Torrington also co-founded in London in 1996 a community organisation named the Equiano Society, to publicise the achievements of Olaudah Equiano and their 18th-century African contemporaries, including such figures as Ignatius Sancho and Ottobah Cugoano, who made outstanding contributions to African and European literature.
In 2014, Torrington curated the touring exhibition Making Freedom, which opened at the Black Cultural Archives, marking full Emancipation in the Caribbean that took place on 1 August 1868.
Awards
Torrington was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2002 for services to Community Relations in London, and a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 2011, for services to Black British heritage.
In 2018, Torrington received from the Guyana High Commission in London the "Windrush Lifetime Service" Award, for their "tireless work to raise awareness of the contribution of the Windrush generation ... a lasting gift to current and future generations".
References
External links
Windrush Foundation website.
Equiano Society website.
Making Freedom website.
"Arthur Torrington/Windrush Foundation" (video), 29 September 2011.
Laurence Gouldbourne (Queen Mary's Head of Equality, Diversity & Inclusion), "Interview with Arthur Torrington CBE", 26 October 2020, via YouTube.
Black British activists
British community activists
Date of birth missing (living people)
Guyanese activists
Guyanese emigrants to the United Kingdom
Guyanese historians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
AUZ may refer to:
Australian Airlines, ICAO code
Aurora Municipal Airport (Illinois), IATA code
The Ilyushin Il-22, USAF/DOD designation Type 10, was the first Soviet jet-engined bomber to fly. It used four Lyulka TR-1 turbojets carried on short horizontal pylons ahead and below the wing. The engines did not meet their designed thrust ratings and their fuel consumption was higher than planned. These problems meant that the aircraft could not reach its required performance and it was cancelled on 22 September 1947.
Design and development
The Council of Ministers ordered the Ilyushin design bureau on 12 February 1946 to begin work on a bomber that would use four of the new TR-1 jet engines. Experiences with the first generation of jet fighters had revealed unsuspected problems involved with high-speed flight and Ilyushin devoted much effort to mitigate them. The long and thin unswept wing was conventional in appearance, but it was shaped to improve lateral stability at high angles of attack and to prevent the onset of tip stall.
Another problem discovered by the jet fighters was unexpectedly dropping a wing at high speeds and high altitudes. This was traced to manufacturing defects in the wings that made no difference at low speeds and altitudes, but meant that each wing had a slightly different airfoil and, hence, a different amount of lift. To counter this Sergey Ilyushin and their team developed a new manufacturing technique that reversed the traditional practice where the internal supporting members were affixed to the assembly jig and the aircraft's skin panels were then attached. This new method meant that the skin panels were placed in the jigs where the correct curvature and shape could be guaranteed and the internal structure was then fastened to them. This required that manufacturing joints be used along the chord lines of the wings and tail surfaces, which split the spars and ribs in half. Similarly, the fuselage was built the same way, although it was split vertically along the centerline. This new technique did impose a small weight penalty but had the unexpected advantage of greatly accelerating the assembly process, as the internal equipment could be installed before the halves were joined together. This allowed several teams to work on a single sub-assembly before they were mated.
Most of the other multi-engined jet aircraft in existence, when the Il-22 was being designed, either had the engines in a nacelle (singly or in pairs) directly attached to the underside of the wing or were buried in the wing itself. Clustering them in a nacelle offered several advantages over individual nacelles, as it reduced overall drag and minimized interference drag, but had the major operational disadvantage that an uncontained fire in one engine could disable its neighbor as well. Early jet engines were not reliable, so this was a significant risk. Ilyushin chose to put the TR-1 engines ahead and below the wing leading edge on short horizontal pylons. This gave them the beneficial effect of acting as anti-flutter weights and proved to be more efficient aerodynamically than underwing nacelles. This also facilitated engine changes and maintenance by making them more accessible to the ground crews.
Neither the thin wing nor the engine nacelles offered any place to store the main landing gear so the fuselage was designed as a flattened oval to give them as wide a track as possible. This also provided plenty of room for the of fuel stored in three bags, one each ahead, above and behind the bomb bay. This could carry up to of bombs. The stepless fuselage nose was largely glazed and came to a rounded point (similar to the noses of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, Heinkel They 111 and Arado Ar 234) to reduce drag. The Il-22 had a crew of five, two pilots in the nose, the bombardier-navigator in front of them in the tip of the nose, the dorsal gunner/radio operator immediately behind the pilots and the rear turret gunner behind the tail.
A Nudelman-Suranov NS-23 autocannon with 150 rounds was fixed on the lower starboard side of the nose; it was fired by the pilot who had a primitive ring sight to use for aiming. The dorsal turret mounted two Berezin B-20E guns with 400 rounds per gun and was capable of 360° of traverse, with special microswitches preventing the gunner from firing into the bomber's tail. The turret was remotely controlled by the radio operator and was powered by electric motors for both traverse and elevation. The gunner and their gunsight used a small observation blister at the rear of the main crew compartment to lay the guns on their target. The sight automatically compensated for parallax between the gunner and the turret as well as the required amount of target lead and the shell's ballistics. The remote-control system offered several advantages including a smaller turret that had less drag, the guns could be fixed more rigidly to their mounts, the sight was not exposed to vibrations from firing and could track targets more smoothly and the gunner's comfort did not have to be sacrificed to optimize the performance of the turret. The major disadvantage, of course, was that the analog computer remote control system was exceedingly complicated for the period and prone to breaking down, just like the even more complex systems in use on the B-29 Superfortress. The rear gunner was placed at the very tail of the Il-22 to optimize their field of fire in an electro-hydraulically powered Il-KU3 turret that mounted another NS-23 cannon. The turret could traverse a total of 140°, elevate 35° and depress 30°.
Testing and evaluation
The prototype Il-22 was rapidly assembled and made its first flight on 24 July 1947. It proved to have docile handling characteristics, but was severely underpowered as the TR-1 engines produced only 80% of the required thrust. During the latter part of the manufacturer's flight tests the Il-22 made the first-ever Soviet jet-assisted (rocket-assisted, RATO) takeoff on 7 February 1948 with a pair of SR-2 boosters. As the thrust of the engines could not be increased in a timely manner Ilyushin made the decision not to submit the bomber for state acceptance trials as its performance did not meet the requirements laid down for it in 1946.
Specifications (Il-22)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gordon, Yefim. Early Soviet Jet Bombers. Hinkley, UK: Midland Publishing, 2004.
Gordon, Yefim and Dmitriy and Sergey Komissarov. OKB Ilyushin: A History of the Design Bureau and its Aircraft. London: Ian Allan, 2004. .
Němeček, Václav. The History of Soviet Aircraft from 1918. London: Willow Books, 1986. .
External links
Il-22 on ram-home.com
1940s Soviet bomber aircraft
Il-022
Abandoned military aircraft projects of the Soviet Union
Quadjets
Aircraft first flown in 1947
Mujibul Haque Mujib (born 31 May 1947) is a Bangladeshi politician and the incumbent Jatiya Sangsad member representing Comilla-11 constituency since 2009. They served as the Minister for Railways during 2012–2018.
Early life
Mujib was born on 31 May 1947 in Basuara village of 4th Sreepur Union under Chauddagram upazila of Comilla district. They completed their B.Com. degree from Comilla Victoria College in 1970.
Personal life
In October 2014, at the age of 67, Mujib married Honufa Akhter Rikta, a 36 year old. In May 2016, the couple became parents of a baby girl and two sons.
References
Living people
1947 births
Awami League politicians
Comilla Victoria Government College alumni
Railway ministers of Bangladesh
9th Jatiya Sangsad members
10th Jatiya Sangsad members
11th Jatiya Sangsad members
The Bowlus/Nelson BB-1 Dragonfly is an American, two seats, strut-braced, high-wing motor glider that was developed from the Bowlus BA-100 Baby Albatross glider by Hawley Bowlus.
Design and development
The development of the Dragonfly was sponsored by the Nelson Engine Company to promote the use of their H-44 four cylinder two-stroke engines. The engine was mounted in the rear of the fuselage pod, in pusher configuration, with the wooden two bladed propellers below the metal tail boom. The fuel tank holds , enough for self-launching, but not for cross-country powered flight.
The Dragonfly shares the Baby Albatross's molded plywood fuselage pod, aluminium tube tail boom and strut-braced double spar wooden wing, covered in aircraft fabric aft of the spar. The leading edge is a plywood D-cell. The aircraft features dual controls and a retractable tricycle landing gear with a steerable nose wheel. The engine is started by a ratchet-wire recoil start system that allows restarts in flight, as well as on the ground.
Federal Aviation Administration certification of the type was achieved on 21 April 1947, with Nelson Aircraft Corporation as the certificate holder and the type officially known as Nelson Auxiliary Power Glider BB-1. The type certificate indicates that neither the engine nor the propeller need be certified. The type certificate specifies that the Nelson H-49 engine of may also be installed.
The Dragonfly was later replaced in production by the improved Nelson Hummingbird PG-185B.
Operational history
In operational use the Nelson powerplant proved heavy and lacking in power and, as the Sailplane Directory terms it, "the result was an under-powered sailplane". The engine gave the Dragonfly a sea level climb rate of just 235 fpm (1.19 m/s) and a take-off run of . As a result of the performance deficiencies only seven were produced.
In March 2011 there were still four BB-1s registered in the US, two of which had been transferred to the National Soaring Museum.
Aircraft on display
Canadian Museum of Flight
National Soaring Museum
Specifications (Dragonfly)
See also
References
1940s United States sailplanes
Bowlus aircraft
Nelson aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1947
Motor gliders
Single-engined pusher aircraft
The was a large class of submarine chasers built during World War I for the United States Navy. They were ordered in very large numbers in order to combat attacks by German U-boats, with 442 vessels built from 1917 to 1919. This article lists details of the sixth group of 50 ships of the class.
Ships
See also
List of patrol vessels of the United States Navy
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-1 to SC-50)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-51 to SC-100)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-101 to SC-150)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-151 to SC-200)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-201 to SC-250)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-301 to SC-350)
List of SC-1-class subchasers (SC-351 to SC-400)
References
SC-1-class submarine chasers
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Tesco Town is British slang for an area where one retailer has large market share. Although the term references the Tesco chain of stores, it can be used to describe any area dominated by one particular retailer.
In October 2009 the Competition Commission passed its proposal for a "competition test" on to the Department for Communities and Local Government. The test would ban from adding more space in an area, which it says will improve choice for shoppers by making it easier for rival grocers to open.
Towns dominated by Tesco
Bedford
Bedford has been described as a Tesco town with the town having a Tesco for every 7,500 people.
Bicester
Bicester is one of the UK's best known Tesco-towns, operating five stores in a region with a population of 29,000. Featuring a Tesco superstore on the southern side of town, near the Bicester Village designer outlet, and a further four Tesco Express stores around the general neighbourhood and community areas.
Aldi and Lidl have also opened stores in the town recently.
In January 2015, Tesco announced the closure of their Tesco Metro store in Bicester, located directly opposite a Sainsbury's superstore.
Inverness
In 2007, it was reported that in Inverness, where there are currently four stores in the small city, Tesco had a 51% share of the market for groceries in the city, the highest rate of penetration for any locality in the UK.
Perth
In 2007 Tesco has a 60% market share in Perth.
Southall
In 2007 Tesco has a 58% market share in Southall.
Truro
In 2007 Tesco has a 53% market share in Truro.
Worcester
In Worcester, Tesco are viewed unfavourably by local press due to the alleged monopoly of the Tesco brand in the city. There are two large supermarkets less than three miles apart situated in the middle of two recently developed urban areas. In addition, there are four Tesco Express spread across the city (a fifth Express was closed in August 2019 until further notice ), and there are another two Express stores situated on the outskirts of the city, totalling 8 stores altogether.
There is only one Asda, one Morrisons, one Waitrose, and two medium sized Sainsbury's (and one Sainsbury's Local) in comparison to the high number of Tesco stores in Worcester.
See also
Criticism of Tesco
Monopoly
References
Retailing in the United Kingdom
Monopoly (economics)
Tesco
British slang
Eslami ya Misr ("Be safe, O Egypt"; ) was the national anthem of Egypt from 1923 to 1936. It was written by the Egyptian poet Mostafa Saadeq Al-Rafe'ie, and the music was composed by Safar Ali. It is adopted currently as the song of the Egyptian Police Academy.
Lyrics
See also
Egyptian National Anthem
Rasamna Ala Al-Qalb Wajh Al-Watan
References
Former national anthem of Egypt at YouTube
Current song of Egyptian Police Academy
Historical national anthems
Anthems of Egypt
National symbols of Egypt
Howrah railway station, also known as Howrah Junction, is a railway station located in the city of Howrah, West Bengal, India. It is the oldest and largest existing railway complex in India. It is one of the busiest train stations in the world.
About 600 passenger trains pass through the station each day, utilising its 24 platforms, and serving more than one million passengers per day. About 450 are suburban local trains, while 107 are coaching trains out of which 9 are trains with more than 24 coaches. Out of the 24 platforms, 10 are long enough to cater to trains with more than 24 coaches. Goods and parcel trains also originate and terminate here. The Howrah–Barddhaman main line is the busiest line that connects this station.
Howrah is one of five intercity train stations serving the Kolkata metropolitan area (including Howrah and its twin city of Kolkata), the others being , , and Kolkata railway station.
The book Vibrant Edifice: The Saga of Howrah Station by Eastern Railways was released in 2005.
History
In 1849, a contract was signed between the East Indian Railway Company and East India Company and an initial amount allocated for the first section between Howrah and Raneegunge via Pandooah and Burdwan. Frederick Walter Simms, the consulting engineer to Government of India, initially envisaged a station on the right side of Hoogly in 1846. However following the amount of money sanctioned, Howrah was chosen as the location of the terminus for the new line. A bridge across the Hooghly River, a span of at the concerned stretch, was unfeasible at that time. In the coming years the question of connecting the rail line to Calcutta was discussed frequently.
On 17 June 1851, George Turnbull, the Chief Engineer of the East Indian Railway Company and their team of engineers submitted plans for a railway station at Howrah. In January 1852, the government authorities decided not to purchase the land and expensive water frontage needed for the project, not then realising the future importance of railways. Turnbull then developed other plans to cost an estimated 250,000 rupees. In October 1852, four tenders for the building of the station were received: they varied from 190,000 to 274,526 rupees. There were two directions in which construction of the station was discussed, one that Howrah should be a big station, and the other that Howrah should be a smaller station and other station should be developed at the same time. Eventually land was bought.
The first experimental locomotive left Howrah on for the 37.5 miles to Pundoah. There was a gap between laying the line and opening it up since the ship carrying the carriages sank while the locomotive ended up in Australia. Eventually the carriages were built locally and the locomotive was directed to Calcutta. The first public departure from Howrah for the 23.5 miles to Hooghly was on 15 August 1854. During this period, the station was located at what is now the office of the divisional railway manager of Howrah. It consisted of one line and platform, a ticket window and a supporting building. Two weeks later the line to Pundoah was opened. In the first 4 months, over 109,000 passengers used the service. The locomotive was of the same type as the Fairy Queen.
Indians on their way to European colonies in the early 1800s came through Howrah Station.
The increase of residents in the region around Howrah and Kolkata and the booming economy lead to an increasing demand for rail travel. Also, the rail network kept on growing continuously, e.g. was the bridge over the Rupnarayan River at Kolaghat completed on 19 April 1900 and connected Howrah with Kharagpur. The Bengal-Nagpur Railway was extended to Howrah in 1900, thus making Howrah an important railway centre. So in 1901, a new station building was proposed. The British architect Halsey Ricardo designed the new station. It was opened to the public on 1 December 1905, and completed by 1911.
In the 1980s, the station was expanded to 15 platforms. At the same time, a new Yatri Niwas (transit passenger facility) was built south of the original station frontage.
The new terminal complex was finished in 1992, creating a total of 19 platforms. This was extended by a further four platforms in 2009.
On 3 March 1969, the first Rajdhani Express left Howrah for New Delhi. In October 2011, India's first double-decker train, Howrah–Dhanbad Double Decker Express, left Howrah for Dhanbad. The first service of the Antyodaya Express, the Howrah–Ernakulam Antyodaya Express, was inaugurated in February 2017.
Tram terminus, Howrah
Until 1992 there was a tram terminus at Howrah Station. Trams departed for Sealdah Station, Rajabazar, Shyambazar, High Court, Dalhousie Square, Park Circus, Ballygunge, Tollygunge etc. Trams also departed for Bandhaghat and Shibpur. The tram terminus was partially closed in 1971 while the Bandhaghat and Shibpur lines were closed. Many unauthorized vehicles and pedestrians began to traverse the tram tracks and so the routes were not continued. The terminus station was converted to underpasses and a bus terminus. The part of the tram terminus for other routes continued to function until 1992, when the Rabindra Setu (Howrah Bridge) was declared unfit to carry trams because it was a cantilever bridge.
Heritage museum
The nearby Rail Museum, Howrah was opened in 2006, and contains a section dedicated to the heritage and history of Howrah railway station. The railway museum, located south of the station, displays artefacts of historical importance related to the development of Eastern Railway. From 1909 to 1943 the Fairy Queen, the world's oldest operational steam locomotive, was displayed on a plinth inside the station.
Rail services
The Eastern Railway runs local trains to Belur Math, Tarakeswar, Arambagh, Goghat, Katwa, Bandel, Sheoraphuli, Bardhaman, Serampore and numerous intermediate stations (see Howrah–Bardhaman main line, Howrah–Bardhaman chord and Tarakeswar branch line). There are also mail and express trains to Central, North and North-East India. A narrow-gauge line formerly used to connect Bardhaman and Katwa, served by DMU trains; but now this line is also converted to broad gauge and used by EMU trains like all the other lines.
The South Eastern Railway, operates local trains to Amta, Mecheda, Panskura, Haldia, Tamluk, Medinipur and Kharagpur and mail and express trains to Central, West and South India. South Eastern Railway, connects with the Great Indian Peninsular Railway (GIPR) route to Mumbai and Chennai.
The Eastern Railway and South Eastern Railway sections are connected by two links. One is the LiluaTikiapara link and the other is the RajchandrapurDankuniMourigram link. They are used by goods trains and the Sealdah–Puri Duronto Express avoiding Howrah.
Four major rail routes end at Howrah. They are the Howrah–Delhi, Howrah–Mumbai, Howrah–Chennai and Howrah–Guwahati routes.
After completion Kolkata Metro Line 2 will pass through Howrah Station.
Station facilities
The station is the divisional headquarters for the Eastern Railway.
The station has 23 platforms. Platforms 1 to 16 are located in the old complex, referred to as "Terminal 1". It serves the local and long-distance trains of Eastern Railway and local trains of South Eastern Railway. Platforms 17 to 23 are in the new complex, referred to as "Terminal 2". It serves the long-distance trains of South Eastern Railway.
There is a large covered waiting area between the main complex and the platforms and other areas for passengers awaiting connecting trains. Free wifi is present at the station. In addition, there is a transit passenger facility with dormitory, single-room and double-room accommodation. First-class passengers wait in an air-conditioned area with balcony views of the Kolkata Skyline and the Howrah Bridge.
The station platforms have carriageways for motor vehicles within the complex including two carriageways to platforms 8 and 9 for Eastern Railway and to platforms 21 and 22 for South Eastern Railway. Flyovers at the ends of the platforms allow motor vehicles to exit the complex quickly.
Sampath Rail Yatri Niwas and Regional Rail Museum are a part of "Terminal 2" Howrah station complex.
Services for rolling stock
The station has a diesel-locomotive shed with room for 84 locomotives. The electric-locomotive shed has room for 96 locomotives. There is also an electric-trip shed with the capacity to hold up to 20 locomotives. The sheds accommodate 175+ WAP-4, WAP-5, and WAP-7 locomotives. The EMU car shed has over 15 parking slots. The station has a coach maintenance complex.
Connectivity
Metro station
Howrah Station will also get an underground station as part of Line 2 of the Kolkata Metro. It will be the deepest station on the East-West Metro line of the Kolkata Metro and further the deepest in the country. The connecting metro stations will be Howrah Maidan to the west and Mahakaran to the east.
Gallery
See also
Kolkata Metro
Kolkata railway station
Kolkata suburban railway
List of Kolkata Metro stations
Santragachi railway station
Sealdah railway station
Shalimar railway station
Trams in Kolkata
References
Works cited
Further reading
Howrah railway division
Kolkata Metro stations
Kolkata Suburban Railway stations
Railway stations in India opened in 1854
Railway stations in Howrah district
Railway stations in Kolkata
Tourist attractions in Howrah
Rail transport in Howrah
Railway terminus in India
Indian Railway A1 Category Stations
1854 establishments in India
General elections were held in Bermuda on 16 May 1963. They were the first elections to be held under the new Parliamentary Election Act and included political parties. Independents won 30 of the 36 seats in the House of Assembly, with the Progressive Labour Party, which had been established three months before the elections, winning six of the nine seats it contested.
Electoral system
Before the passing of the Parliamentary Election Act the franchise was restricted to property owners. The Act introduced universal suffrage, but increasing the voting age from 21 to 25.
However, powerful white business people, who were the dominant force in Parliament at the time, also passed the Watlington Amendment, which gave landowners with rateable property in the territory a second vote in their home constituency. Of the 14,896 registered voters, 8,207 could cast only a single vote and 6,689 were eligible to cast a second vote. Each of the nine parish was divided into two constituencies, each of which returned two members to the House of Assembly, making a total of 36 seats.
Results
References
Bermuda
1963 in Bermuda
Elections in Bermuda
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Holwell is a locality and small rural community in the local government areas of West Tamar and Latrobe, in the Launceston and North-west and west regions of Tasmania. It is located about north-west of the town of Launceston. A small part of the locality is in the Latrobe Council area. The 2016 census determined a population of 65 for the state suburb of Holwell.
History
Holwell Post Office opened in 1891 and closed in 1970. Early public buildings included a Wesleyan chapel and a school.
Road infrastructure
The C715 route (Holwell Road) runs south-west from the West Tamar Highway and passes through the locality to an intersection with the B71 route.
References
Localities of West Tamar Council
Localities of Latrobe Council
Towns in Tasmania
Lego Icons (formerly known as Lego Creator Expert) is a series of Lego construction toys aimed at a demographic of adolescents and adults. Beginning in 2000 without an established logo or icon, Icons features models such as aircraft, sculptures, and world buildings, selling as exclusives with numerous specialized elements and complex building techniques. Icons are considered a challenge to both the target audience and Lego designers. All Icons sets are classified into specified sub-themes; however, the entirety of Icons is classified as a sub-theme of Lego Creator.
History
Background
Advanced Lego models began being featured in the mid-1980s under the Lego Model Team subtheme (a subtheme of Lego System) and were discontinued in 1999 (with the exception of a re-release in 2004). Future advanced models received packaging without a logo and sold as Lego exclusives, beginning with the Statue of Liberty set in 2000. In this timeframe, multiple subthemes were released, such as the Modular Buildings, a series of resident, retail, and restaurant buildings introduced in 2007; and Winter Village Collection, a series of winter-holiday themed models, sometimes delving into deep fiction, introduced in 2009.
Creator Expert
In 2013, advanced models were officially classified as under Lego Creator Expert, a subtheme of Lego Creator, and received their own logo (which was updated multiple times in the future), beginning with the Palace Cinema modular building. This established theme of advanced models was considered to help shape Creator Expert's reputation for unorthodox techniques and distant design from typical models, with old exclusives receiving updated packaging and being merged into the newly created subtheme.
Retirement of branding
In 2020, The Lego Group announced that they will be retiring the Lego Creator Expert branding and replace it with 18+. The Lego Group cited the reason as to make it easier for adults to see which sets were meant for their age range. The Lego Creator Expert theme remains, however, boxes do not feature the logo and feature an all-black design.
In 2022, The Lego Group announced the Lego Creator Expert theme will rebrand as Lego Icons in June 2022 and will be on packaging on 1 January 2023.
Sub-themes
Even though most sub-themes are not official and are rather classified by the majority of the Lego community, some, such as the Modular Buildings, are officially classified and recognized by the Lego company.
Aircraft and Sculptures
In the early 2000s, Lego created various uncategorized exclusive sets relating to aircraft and sculptures, beginning with the Statue of Liberty and Sopwith Camel sets, which eventually evolved into sub-themes themselves. These sets featured large-scale sculptures and planes based on real-world aircraft, such as a model based on the Wright Flyer.
While the Sculptures sub-theme ended shortly one year after its debut, the Aircraft sub-theme continued; with three consecutive sets from 2001 to 2003 and two sets in 2006 and 2012, where the subtheme officially ended with an overhaul of the original Sopwith Camel set.
World Buildings
In the early-to-mid-2000s, more sub-themes were created. World Buildings, a sub-theme centered on recreating famous landmarks (similar to Lego Architecture) began with a set depicting the Eiffel Tower. The sub-theme has continued on, with releases such as the Old Trafford—Manchester United, Colosseum and Real Madrid – Santiago Bernabéu Stadium sets.
Modular Buildings
In 2007, Lego released the Café Corner modular building. The set depicted a near 2,000 piece, three-story structure that gave the builder the option to remove individual floors to access the interior (which was empty) accompanied by minifigures and semi-complex building techniques. In the following time, one set was released consecutively each year mirroring the original design of the Cafe Corner, creating an official sub-theme and rapidly gaining popularity amongst its target audience of adults and teenagers with its assortment of retail, real estate, eatery, office, and other buildings, becoming one of the most renowned Creator Expert subthemes.
On 27 November 2020, the 2021 modular building was revealed as being a large three-story police station with a donut shop and newspaper stand on the sides. Released on 1 January 2021, it is the sixteenth set in the Modular Building line. The side of the building features a large poster for "Soap 'n' Suds", a reference to the laundromat featured in the Brick Bank set.
Vehicles
In 2008, an exclusive model was released depicting a Volkswagen Beetle 1960 'Charlotte' model. In following years, numerous large-scale sets mimicking real-life motor vehicles were released such as the Volkswagen T1 Camper Van, James Bond Aston Martin DB5, and the Fiat 500. Since 2014, at least one set has been released every year, therefore beginning an organized sub-theme. In 2016, Lego introduced a re-release of the Volkswagen Beetle that was released in 2008. The sub-theme has continued on, with the most recent release being a model of the Porsche 911, a two-door 2+2 high performance rear-engined sports car, in 2021. In 2022, Vespa 125 was released on 1 March 2022. Back to the Future Time Machine was released on 1 April 2022 and based on the Back to the Future DeLorean time machine. Chevrolet Camaro Z28 was released on 1 August 2022.
Winter Village Collection
In 2009, a sub-theme named Winter Village Collection was introduced, focusing on winter-holiday themed sets. Since 2009, Lego has been releasing one set every year such as the Winter Village Market, Santa's Workshop, and the Winter Village Fire Station. In 2015, Lego introduced a re-release of the Winter Village Toy Shop that was released in 2009. The sub-theme has continued on, with the most recent release being the Elf Club House in 2020. In 2022, Lego introduced a Holiday Main Street will be released in October 2022.
Fairground Collection
In 2009, Lego released the Grand Carousel, marking the start of a series of sets depicting attractions found in amusement parks such as the ferris wheel and the roller coaster. All sets offer the builder the option to use additional Power Function or Powered Up elements to enhance the playability of the set such as automation, music, and sound effects. In 2020, Lego released the Haunted House, featuring the sub-theme's name, Fairground Collection, for the first time, thereby making the sub-theme official. In 2022, Loop Coaster will be released in July 2022.
Botanical Collection
In 2020, Lego announced that a sub-theme named Botanical Collection would be introduced with two sets to be released on 2 January 2021. The two sets are Flower Bouquet and Bonsai Tree. On 2 May 2021, Lego revealed the Bird of Paradise set to be released on 1 June 2021. With 1,173 pieces, it is the largest Botanical Collection set. On 13 April 2022, Lego revealed the Orchid and Succulents sets to be released on 1 May 2022.
Other sub-themes
Other sub-themes include Adidas, Castle System, Trains (sets depicting various types of trains), Maersk, Vestas, Licensed, Space (a small amount of sets revolving around spacecraft, also including real-life models) and Space System.
Miscellaneous
In May 2021, a set based on Titanic from the replica of the Titanic was released in November 2021. The set consists of 9,090 pieces.
In May 2021, Everyone is Awesome was released in May 2021. The set consists of 346 pieces and 11 minifigures.
In 2022, a set based on Optimus Prime from the Transformers franchise was released in June 2022. The set consists of 1,508 pieces. Lego designer Joseph Patrick Kyde commented, "This idea came about because two toy companies were able to say, look, we have this amazing icon of pop culture and we're going to work together to try and give Optimus Prime a new form that they haven't really had before," and continued, "It's a testament to the importance of the Transformers brand. It's such a strong icon that everyone on both sides wanted to make this happen for the fans. We're all so excited about it."
Design
Challenges
Icons designer Jamie Berard has commented multiple times on the challenges of set design. The Sydney Opera House set was mentioned as one of the most difficult sets to design, and past attempts had always resulted in failure.
Prior to that, Jamie Berard also mentioned Green Grocer was a difficult model to design, and became one of their favorites due to the set's result.
Café Corner was also commented as a difficult model to design due to piece limitation. The designer, Jamie Berard, wanted to add a bicycle piece into the set but the machine was temporarily broken, and they also had to work with instruction designers to implement set techniques onto the instructions since most were different from regular set design.
Reception
Fairly high reception has been provided to Icons. Newsweek praised the Taj Mahal set, due to its design, construction, and high piece count. Also, a reviewer named Joe Meno pointed out that the Green Grocer modular building had clear instructions and "so many fun surprises and tricks used in the model."
In March 2022, The Lego Group reported that the Lego City, Lego Technic, Lego Icons, Lego Harry Potter and Lego Star Wars themes had earned for the full year of 2021. Revenue for the year grew 27 percent versus 2020 to DKK 55.3 billion and consumer sales grew 22 percent over the same period, outpacing the toy industry and driving market share growth globally and in the largest markets.
On 28 September 2022, The Lego Group reported that the Lego Star Wars, Lego Technic, Lego Icons (formerly Creator Expert), Lego City, Lego Harry Potter and Lego Friends themes had earned for the six months ending 30 June 2022. Revenue for the period grew 17 percent to DKK 27.0 billion compared with the same period in 2021, driven by strong demand. Consumer sales grew 13 percent, significantly ahead of the toy industry, contributing to global market share growth.
Award and nominations
In 2019, Roller Coaster set was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Playset of the Year" by the Toy Association.
In 2022, Flower Bouquet (set number: 10280) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Grown-Up Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association. Everyone is Awesome (set number: 40516) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Specialty Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association. Everyone is Awesome (set number: 40516) also won British LGBT Awards for 2022.
In 2022, adidas Originals Superstar (set number: 10282) was awarded "Best Licensed Product“ in the category "Toys, Games, Novelties (ages 8 and up)" by Licensing International in Las Vegas.
Categorisation Debate
There has been controversy in the Lego community amongst which sets are considered a part of Creator Expert, and, if so, which sub-theme.
In the Winter Village Collection sub-theme, there has been a dispute whether Holiday Train is a part of the sub-theme. Some of the Lego community argues it lacks being in consecutive order with the sets from 2009 to 2019, while the rest of the community argues it still sparks a holiday atmosphere and, therefore, should be included in the sub-theme.
In the Modular Buildings sub-theme, there was a long-term debate with the Market Street modular building. The debate was whether it was a part of the sub-theme, matching all of the characteristics of a modular building, yet being targeted toward lower age, lower piece count and is categorized as "Factory" as it was designed by a fan. However, the debate has thought to come to an end after Lego announced it as part of their modular building line in their 10-year anniversary celebration.
See also
Lego Architecture
Lego Creator
Lego Modular Buildings
References
External links
Official website
Lego themes
Products introduced in 2000
Association Sportive de Mutzig, commonly known as AS Mutzig, is an association football club based in the commune of Mutzig, in the Bas-Rhin department of eastern France. Founded in 1930 as FC Mutzig, the club currently plays in the Excellence de Bas-Rhin at the seventh level of French football, although for 13 years between 1963 and 1976 they competed in the third tier. AS Mutzig plays at the Stade Roger Leissner, named in honour of the club president during their accession to the Championnat de France amateur in the early 1960s.
Arsène Wenger, the former manager of English Premier League club Arsenal, started their senior playing career at Mutzig after being signed by then manager Max Hild, who went on to manage RC Strasbourg. Other former Mutzig coaches to have managed professional clubs include Paco Mateo and Paul Frantz.
Honours
Championnat de France Amateur Group East: 1964–65
Division 3 Groupe East: 1973–74
Division d'Honneur Alsace: 1962–63
Coupe d'Alsace: 1971
References
External links
AS Mutzig club information at FFF.fr
AS Mutzig league history at FootballenFrance.fr
AS Mutzig club history at as-mutzig.fr
Association football clubs established in 1930
1930 establishments in France
Sport in Bas-Rhin
Football clubs in Grand Est
Jempol is a federal constituency in Jempol District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1986.
The federal constituency was created in the 1984 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Jelebu constituency has a total of 35 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
Shrivenham railway station was a station on the Great Western Main Line serving the village of Shrivenham in what was then part of Berkshire.
History
The station was about south of the village, on the west side of the B4000 Station Road, south of the Wilts & Berks Canal, and 5.6 miles along the line east of Swindon.
The main station building was built in 1840. It was very small, faced with flint, had Tudor style windows and a roof that projected in the form of a canopy.
On 10 May 1848 six passengers were killed and 13 injured at Shrivenham when two porters pushed a horse-box and cattle van onto the main line to free a waggon turntable. The Exeter express struck them; the locomotive was undamaged but the side of the leading coach was torn out killing six passengers and injuring 13 more.
On 15 January 1936 an express from Penzance collided with some coal wagons just outside the station that had become detached from an earlier train. Two people (the male driver and a female passenger) were killed and 10 injured.
On 7 December 1964 British Railways withdrew passenger services from Shrivenham and all other intermediate stations between Didcot and Swindon. The station buildings were demolished in 1965 but remnants of the platforms survive.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in Oxfordshire
Great Western Main Line
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1964
Beeching closures in England
Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) Early College High School is a public high school in northeast Austin, Texas. At the time of its opening in 1974, LBJ was only the second high school in the U.S. (after the former Johnson City High School) to be named for the 36th President. In 1985, LBJ became the host of a new academic magnet program, the Science Academy of Austin (SA), which drew students from all over the city. A second high school magnet program, the Liberal Arts Academy of Austin (LAA), was opened at Albert Sidney Johnston High School in 1987; the two programs were merged in 2002, forming the Liberal Arts and Science Academy (LASA) magnet within LBJ. In 2007, the Austin Independent School District split LASA and LBJ into separate high schools with their own principals, faculty, and staff in order for LBJ to be eligible for a grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to implement the "First Things First" educational enrichment program. After the split, LBJ and LASA were housed on the same campus (though largely on different floors) and continued to share athletic teams and certain extracurricular activities and electives (band, theater, newspaper, yearbook, choir, orchestra, etc.) until LASA's relocation. In 2011, via a partnership with the Austin Community College, LBJ established a new program through which students could earn up to 60 college credits while still in high school, earning it the "Early College High School" (ECHS) designation it bears today. In 2021, LASA relocated to the former Eastside Memorial Early College High School campus.
LBJ Early College High School's mascot is the Jaguar, and the school's colors are purple and white.
The principal of LBJ Early College High School is Jon Bailey. Patrick Patterson, who had been at the school since the 2004-2005 school year as part of the high school campus redesign program initiated to help raise TAKS scores, retired after the 2009-2010 school year. As a result of the split, LASA and LBJ are required to have separate principals.
From 2007 to 2021, the school occupied the first floor of its campus, while LASA was on the second floor. Melissa B. Taboada of the Austin American-Statesman stated that some members of the Austin community "say the division [was] a constant blemish on the campus".
Student body
As of November 2020, LBJ's student body is 33.4% African American, 63.1% Hispanic, and 3.5% other racial groups. 73.9% of students are economically disadvantaged.
Academic performance
In 2015 Taboada stated "LBJ has struggled academically for years."
Campus
The LBJ campus opened in Northeast Austin in 1974 to relieve overcrowding at the nearby Northeast Early College High School (then known as Reagan High School.) The school went through various renovations in summer 2010, funded by AISD's 2008 bond, including remodeling many of the science labs (at the time used by LASA.) The school's theatre is located in a separate building from the rest of the campus; the building is named the Don T. Haynes III Performing Arts Center, after LBJ's band director for 39 years from 1975 to 2014. As LBJ is built upon a hill, the lowest level of the main school building is partially underground and has no windows. It is fondly referred to as "The Dungeon" throughout campus. The outside of the campus is maintained by a volunteer group of students and parents.
The most well known feature on the LBJ campus is "The Texas," a large granite statue in the shape of the state's outline. The statue, a gift from the class of 1978, sits outside the front of the school. In 2002, a group of seniors started a Northeast-LBJ tradition by wrapping the Texas in saran wrap to protect it from vandals. The night before the annual Northeast-LBJ football game, seniors wrap the Texas in saran wrap and spend the night keeping it and other parts of the campus safe from vandalism by students of their rival Northeast High School.
Notable people
John M. Jackson (social studies faculty 1975–1979), actor (Adm. Chegwidden on "JAG", and many other television and movie roles)
Chris Houston, NFL player
Ray Jackson (Class of 1991), member of the Michigan "Fab 5" star first-year student basketball players
Kerry Hyder, Dallas Cowboys and Texas Tech player
Eric Holle, NFL player
Marshall Brown, professional basketball player
Quinlan Aquirre McAfee (Quin NFN), rapper
Chris Lowe and Scott Romig (class of 1989), who comprise 40% of the band Dexter Freebish
See also
Liberal Arts and Science Academy (LASA) - LASA and LBJ students shared the same campus, newspaper, yearbook, band, theatre, orchestra, choir, and many other curricular or extracurricular programs from 2007 to 2021.
References
External links
Liberal Arts and Science Academy at LBJ High School
Austin Independent School District: LBJ High School
Educational institutions established in 1974
Magnet schools in Texas
High schools in Austin, Texas
Austin Independent School District high schools
1974 establishments in Texas
The Parish Church of St Mary the Virgin is located at the highest point in the town centre of Bury, Greater Manchester, England. The church is located on the edge of the town centre, and is just a few minutes walk from the town's bus and tram station, as well as the Millgate Shopping Centre and they newly built the Rock. The main body of the church was completed on the 2 February 1876, the steeple predates it to 1842. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
The church is a regimental church of the Lancashire Fusiliers, a former garrison church, and services are held for the garrison on Remembrance Sunday, Gallipoli Sunday and on other occasions.
History
Church records suggest that the first church was built on the site in 971 A.D. when parishes were first formed by King Edgar of England, although this is likely to have been a wood and thatch structure. Churches of this type of construction are thought to have been used until a church in the gothic style was completed in 1585. Between 1773 and 1780 the main body of this church was demolished and rebuilt leaving only the spire from the original church. The spire was replaced in 1842 but by 1870 the wood in the rest of the church had rotted and a new building was needed. The new church designed by the architect J. S. Crowther, leaving the 1842 spire in place, was officially opened on Candlemas Day 1876.
In July 2013, the church was the scene of a military funeral for murdered British soldier Lee Rigby. The service was attended by thousands of mourners, including Prime Minister David Cameron.
Architecture
The building is of dressed stone with slate roofs, with a buttressed 3-stage tower with a spire. The interior features a hammerbeam and tie-beam roof and mosaic flooring. There is stained glass by Hardman and Clayton and Bell.
The clock in the tower was the gift of Henry Whitehead, formerly High Sheriff of Lancashire.
See also
Listed buildings in Bury
List of churches in Greater Manchester
List of works by J. S. Crowther
References
External links
Home page of the Parish Church of St Mary the Virgin, Bury
Saint Mary
Church of England church buildings in Greater Manchester
Anglican Diocese of Manchester
Saint Mary
A leiomyoma, also known as a fibroid, is a benign smooth muscle tumor that very rarely becomes cancer (0.1%). They can occur in any organ, but the most common forms occur in the uterus, small bowel, and the esophagus. Polycythemia may occur due to increased erythropoietin production as part of a paraneoplastic syndrome.
The word is from leio- + myo- + -oma, "smooth-muscle tumor". The plural form can be either the English leiomyomas or the classical leiomyomata.
Uterus
Uterine fibroids are leiomyomata of the uterine smooth muscle. As other leiomyomata, they are benign, but may lead to excessive menstrual bleeding (menorrhagia), often cause anemia and may lead to infertility.
A rare form of these tumors is uterine lipoleiomyoma—benign tumors consisting of a mixture of adipocytes and smooth muscle cells. Uterine lipoleiomyomata have been observed together with ovarian and other pathologies and some of them may develop into liposarcoma. These tumors are monoclonal, and non-random chromosomal abnormalities have been seen in 40% of the tumors.
Gallbladder
Mesenchymal neoplasms of the gallbladder are rare and in particular leiomyomas of the gallbladder have been rarely reported, all of them in patients with immune system disorders. However, a case was reported in absence of associated immunodeficiency at Monash Hospital in Melbourne, Australia, in a healthy 39-year-old woman with no symptoms.
Skin
Leiomyomas of the skin are generally (1) acquired, and (2) divided into several categories:
Solitary cutaneous leiomyoma
Multiple cutaneous (or pilar) leiomyomas arising from the arrectores pilorum muscles
Angioleiomyomas (vascular leiomyomas) that are thought to arise from vascular smooth muscle
Dartoic (or genital) leiomyomas originating in the dartos muscles of the genitalia, areola, and nipple
Angiolipoleiomyoma
Esophagus, stomach and small intestines
Leiomyoma is the most common benign mesenchymal tumor of esophagus and second most common benign tumor of the small bowel (with gastrointestinal stromal tumor as most common). Although leiomyoma is the most common benign esophageal tumor, malignant carcinoma is still 50 times more likely. Approximately 50% of cases are found in the jejunum, followed by the ileum in 31% of cases. Almost one half of all lesions are less than 5 centimeters.
Other locations, metastatic leiomyoma
Metastatic leiomyoma are an extremely rare complication after surgery to remove the uterus for uterine fibroids. The most frequent sites of occurrence are the lungs and pelvis. The lesions are hormonally responsive.
Fibromyoma of the breast is an extremely rare benign breast neoplasm. Most reports in literature mention a history of hysterectomy for uterine fibroids, although the question of whether these fibromyomas are possibly metastases of the uterine fibroids has not been investigated. An alternative hypothesis is an origin from the smooth muscle of the nipple.
Leiomyoma may spontaneously occur in any muscle. Depending on the location of the tumor, identification may not be timely until overall mass becomes undeniably noticeable. The symptoms for a 30-year-old male with a 10 cm leiomyoma included "dead leg" pains. Tumor was intertwined with quadriceps muscles, making identification and excision difficult. Tumor was successfully excised with only minor rehabilitation required.
Familial leiomyoma
Associated with papillary variant of renal cell carcinoma and multiple cutaneous leiomyoma. Defect is in the fumarate hydratase gene in the long arm of chromosome 1.
See also
Leiomyosarcoma
Elagolix/estradiol/norethindrone acetate
References
External links
Dermal and subcutaneous growths
Anatomical pathology
Benign neoplasms
Thomas Grimke Rhett was a graduate of the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York and a United States Army officer who served from July 1, 1845 to April 1, 1861. They served in the Mexican-American War in 1847–1848. Rhett was awarded a brevet appointment as captain for gallantry in the defense of Puebla, Mexico during the Siege of Puebla, October 12, 1847. After their resignation from the U.S. Army, April 1, 1861, they were appointed a brigadier general in the South Carolina Militia but did not serve in that office. They were a staff officer in the Confederate States Army in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War from April 1861 until May 31, 1862. They first served as voluntary aide-de-camp to General Pierre G. T. Beauregard and then major from April to July, 1861. Rhett then served as chief of staff to Beauregard's successor, General Joseph E. Johnston. After Johnston was wounded on May 31, 1862 and was succeeded in command by General Robert E. Lee, Rhett was transferred to the District of Arkansas in Confederacy's Trans-Mississippi Department where they served as chief of ordnance. From April 1863 until the end of the war in 1865, they served as chief of artillery in the Trans-Mississippi Department. From 1865 to 1873, they served as a colonel of ordnance in the Egyptian Army.
Early life
Thomas Grimke Rhett was born in South Carolina on August 2, 1821 as Thomas Moore Smith. They were the son of James Smith (Rhett) (1797–1855) and Charlotte Haskell (Rhett) (1794–1871). The family changed their surname to Rhett in 1837. Rhett graduated from the United States Military Academy on July 1, 1845, ranking 6th in a class of 41 cadets.
Rhett was appointed brevet second lieutenant in the Ordnance Department of the U.S. Army on July 1, 1845 and served at the Washington Arsenal. Rhett was appointed a second lieutenant in the United States Regiment of Mounted Riflemen on May 27, 1846 and ordered to Mexico.
On June 10, 1846 Rhett married Ann Graham Mason, the daughter of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–1838), a descendant of George Mason. The Rhetts had seven children by 1854 but the source does not show any of them living to adulthood.
Rhett was promoted to first lieutenant, in the U.S. Army's Regiment of Mounted Riflemen, reorganized in 1861 as the 3rd Cavalry Regiment (United States), on April 18, 1847. They were appointed brevet captain for gallantry at the Siege of Puebla, Mexico, October 12, 1847. Rhett was a member of the Aztec Club of 1847, which was founded as a military society of officers who served with the United States Army in the Mexican-American War.
After the Mexican-American War, Rhett served on commissary and recruiting duty in 1847–1848. Then they served in the Regiment of Mounted Riflemen on the frontier at posts including Fort Laramie, Dakota Territory (Wyoming), 1849–1852 and Corpus Christi, Texas, 1852–1855. Rhett was promoted to captain in the Regiment of Mounted Riflemen on September 16, 1853. After their duty at Corpus Christi, they served at Fort McIntosh, Texas, 1855; Fort Fillmore, New Mexico, 1857; Fort Union, New Mexico, 1858. They were promoted to a staff position, major, U.S.A. and paymaster on June 14, 1858. Finally, they served at Fort Bliss, Texas, 1859–1861 on paymaster duty. On February 16, 1861, Brigadier General and Brevet Major General David E. Twiggs, a Georgia native, surrendered all U.S. forts in Texas to Texas Confederates led by Ben McCulloch, despite having been relieved of command of the Department of Texas by United States Secretary of War Joseph Holt in an order dated January 18, 1861, the day that Holt assumed office from John B. Floyd of Virginia who became a Confederate States Army brigadier general.
American Civil War
After the surrender of Fort Bliss to a Confederate force, Rhett reported to the provisional Confederate government at Montgomery, Alabama. They were appointed major of artillery in the Confederate States Army on March 16, 1861, which was not the level of appointment they desired. They then returned to South Carolina where they were commissioned brigadier general in the South Carolina Militia by Governor Francis W. Pickens. It was only on April 1, 1861 that Rhett officially resigned from the United States Army.
Rhett did not serve as a brigadier general in the South Carolina Militia. In April 1861, they served as a volunteer aide-de-camp to Confederate General Pierre G. T. Beauregard. On May 16, 1861, they were appointed major and assistant adjutant general to Colonel George H. Terrett's Virginia Brigade in the Provisional Army of Virginia, which supported the Confederacy before Virginia formally seceded from the Union and in June merged into the Confederate States Army.
Rhett was major, assistant adjutant general and chief of staff to General Joseph E. Johnston from July 20, 1861 until May 31, 1862. From July 20, 1861 to March 14, 1862, their official position was Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant General in the Confederate Army of the Potomac. When the name of the army was changed to the Army of Northern Virginia, Rhett was Chief of Staff of the Army for the Army of Northern Virginia from March 14, 1862 to May 31, 1862 when Johnston was wounded at the Battle of Seven Pines and replaced by General Robert E. Lee.
Rhett was then transferred to the Trans-Mississippi Department. From May 1862 to April 1863, Rhett was chief of ordnance in the District of Arkansas, Trans-Mississippi Department of the Confederacy, serving under Lieutenant General Theophilus H. Holmes starting October 22, 1862. From April 30, 1863 to the end of the war in June 1865, Rhett was chief of artillery in the Trans-Mississippi Department, under the command of General E. Kirby Smith.
Later life
After the war Rhett left the United States and was appointed colonel of ordnance in the Egyptian army from 1865 until 1873. Then, they had a paralytic stroke, and resigned. They remained abroad in Europe until 1876. They were not able to find relief from their condition there. They returned to the United States and lived with relatives in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1876.
Thomas Grimke Rhett died of a paralytic stroke in Baltimore on July 28, 1878. They were buried in Green Mount Cemetery in Baltimore. Their body was later moved to Loudon Park Cemetery.
Notes
References
Allardice, Bruce S. More Generals in Gray. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1995. .
Aztec Club biographies: Thomas Grimke Rhett. Retrieved March 25, 2020.
Cullum, George W. George W. Cullum's Register of Officers and Graduates of the United States Military Academy. Vol. 2. 1879. . Retrieved January 12, 2011.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher, Civil War High Commands. Stanford: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Gunston Hall Library, Guide to the Thomas Grimke Rhett Papers. Retrieved February 18, 2019.
Gunston Hall Library. The Mason Web, the Mason Descendants Database. Retrieved February 18, 2019.
Heitman, Francis B. Historical Register and Dictionary of the United States Army; From Its Organization, September 29, 1789, to March 2, 1903. Volume 1 of 2 volumes. U.S. Government Printing Office, 1903, , Retrieved January 12, 2011.
Krick, Robert E. L. Staff Officers in Gray: A Biographical Register of the Staff Officers in the Army of Northern Virginia. Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 2003. .
Robarts, William Hugh. Mexican War veterans: A complete roster of the regular and volunteer troops in the war between the United States and Mexico, from 1846 to 1848; the volunteers are arranged by states, alphabetically. Washington, D.C.: Brentano's, 1887. . Page 13. Retrieved February 18, 2019.
Wilson, James Grant and John Fiske, eds. Appleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography, Volume 5. New York: D. Appleton and Company, 1888.
1821 births
1878 deaths
United States Army officers
Confederate States Army officers
People of South Carolina in the American Civil War
American military personnel of the Mexican–American War
Members of the Aztec Club of 1847
United States Military Academy alumni
American people in the khedivial Egyptian Army
The glaucous tanager (Thraupis glaucocolpa) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. The term glaucous describes its colouration. It is found in Colombia and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
glaucous tanager
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
glaucous tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Taravath Madhavan Nair (15 January 1868 – 17 July 1919) was an Indian politician and political activist of the Dravidian Movement from the Madras Presidency. They founded the Justice Party along with Theagaraya Chetty and C. Natesa Mudaliar.
Early life
Nair was born near Tirur on 15 January 1868. Their father Chingicham Veetil Sankaran Nair was a District Munsiff in the Judicial service at Tirur. Madhavan Nair's elder brother Sankaran Nair studied law and served as Deputy Collector while their sister Taravath Ammalu Amma was a Sanskrit and Malayalam scholar who wrote a book in Malayalam on the lives of the 63 Nayanmars.
Nair was educated at the Government High School, Palghat. They were known for their academic proficiency and they passed their matriculation exam one year in advance. They graduated from the Presidency College, Madras and joined Madras Medical College. However, they did not complete their course in medicine moving to continue their studies at the University of Edinburgh. They graduated from the University with an in MBChB, and obtained their MD in 1896, with Sanskrit as the compulsory classical subject. They researched in ENT diseases at Paris and returned to India in 1897. During their stay in the United Kingdom, they were a member of the Edinburgh Student's Representative Council, Secretary and later, President of the Edinburgh Indian Association, member of the Edinburgh University Liberal Association and University Union and one of the editors of Edinburgh University Liberal's magazine "The Student". Prior to their return to India, Nair spent some time in London where they served as Secretary and later Vice-President of London Indian Society which was led by Dadabhai Naoroji. They also served as a member of the British Medical Association, the Royal Asiatic Society, the National Liberal Club and the Royal Society.
Public offices
Nair represented Triplicane in the Madras Corporation from 1904 to 1916. During their term they frequently attacked the Corporation and its President Molony over the quality of water supplied. In 1910 they agitated for the revival of the Palghat Municipal Council.
In 1908 Nair was appointed member of the Labor Commission by the Government of India. They submitted a report condemning the situation of workers in factories and recommended the reduction of hours of work. They personally submitted their condemnation and recommendations before the Secretary of State for India at London.
In 1912 Nair was elected to the Madras Legislative Council. When the First World War broke out Nair served as one of the surgeons on the hospital ship SS Madras, and was commissioned as a lieutenant. At the end of the war they were awarded the Kaiser-i-Hind medal and posthumously the War Service medal.
In the Indian National Congress
Nair was associated with the Indian National Congress right from the time of their return to India in 1897. In the Congress sessions in 1898 and 1899, they strongly condemned the present status of Indian officers in the Medical services and campaigned for equal treatment to be meted out to them. They presided over the District Congress at Chittoor, North Arcot in 1907.
Formation of the South Indian Liberal Federation
When Nair lost the elections to the Imperial Legislature of India held in 1916 they blamed caste-based prejudices in the Indian National Congress for their loss. Nair felt that the Brahmins were dominating the Indian National Congress. They protested the Home Rule Movement launched by Annie Besant.
In 1917 Nair left the Indian National Congress. At a meeting in August 1917 they said:
In October 1917, Nair launched the South Indian Liberal Federation, also known as the Justice Party in collaboration with Sir Pitti Theagaroya Chetty.
Editorship of the Justice
In November 1916 a meeting was held at Madras in which Sir P. Theagaroya Chetty and Nair participated. The meeting brought out a resolution mandating the establishment of a newspaper for voicing the aspirations of non-Brahmins. From 26 February 1917 onwards, the Justice began to be published. Nair was the chief editor until their death in 1919. In their newspaper they attacked their opponents in the Indian National Movement and supporters of the Home Rule Movement. Once when the Indian National Congress carried out agitations in Ernad Tirur and Valluvanad, they prophesied that "the Congress was smoking in a gunpowder magazine". Their words proved to be true when the Moplah Rebellion broke out in the region in the year 1921.
Mission to England and death
In 1918–19, despite warnings from fellow doctors not to travel abroad as their health was deteriorating, they led a mission to England to speak in support of communal representations before a Joint Parliamentary Committee. They remain one of the few Indians to have addressed a meeting of the members of the UK Parliament. However they were prohibited from speaking to the public on the orders of Edwin Samuel Montagu, the Secretary of State for India. Nair died on 17 July 1919 at the age of 51 due to heart seizure following diabetic gangrene and Bright's disease. Their body was cremated at Golders Green, cemetery in London and is still a pilgrim's centre for many who admire him.
Inclination
Nair always wore Western clothes and followed Western manners and customs. As a result, they were frequently criticised as an anglophile. However, at the same time, they displayed their love for their mother tongue Malayalam by speaking and writing in chaste Malayalam.
Commemoration
In 2008, the Government of India released a postage stamp in their honour. Dr. Nair Road, an arterial road running through T. Nagar, Chennai connecting Pondy bazar and GN Chetty Road – is named after him, since they lived and practised medicine from there.
References
Further reading
1868 births
1919 deaths
People of British India
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Malayali politicians
Recipients of the Kaisar-i-Hind Medal
Justice Party (India) politicians
Politicians from Palakkad
Indian National Congress politicians from Kerala
19th-century Indian politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Zeng Gun (曾袞; Wade–Giles: Tseng Kun) was an officer of Chinese Tang dynasty, they served as the governor of the Jinghai polity in northern Vietnam from 878 to 880. Zeng Gun also had served Gao Pian during the Nanzhao war. During the years they lived in northern Vietnam, they had interests in local culture and spent years in collecting local folklore. Their works include the story Mountain spirit and the Spirit of Cao Lỗ. Contributions of Zeng Gun and Zhao Chang (fl. 791–802) later were cited by 14th century Vietnamese author Lý Tế Xuyên in Việt Điện U Linh Tập (1329).
References
Bibliography
Tang dynasty generals
Tang dynasty jiedushi of Jinghai Circuit
9th-century Chinese poets
Mount Burnett is a hill in Kahurangi National Park, in Golden Bay / Mohua, New Zealand.
Location
Mount Burnett has given its name to the Burnett Range, the range that forms the north-west border of the valley in which the Aorere River flows. At , it is not the highest peak (there is an unnamed peak of in the range) but it is the highest named peak. The locality at the foot of Mount Burnett on the Aorere River flats is known as Ferntown. The nearest sizeable settlement is Collingwood to the south-east of Mount Burnett.
Geography
The mountain hosts an unusual geography, and a number of species of shrubs and sedge are endemic to this mountain, and it is hosted to a large population of the critically endangered Powelliphanta gilliesi gilliesi subspecies of giant land snails.
Geology and mining
Geological surveys by European colonists identified the presence of the raw materials needed for hydraulic cement in Golden Bay / Mohua. In 1882, a cement works was established in Ferntown. This was done by the company that operated the coal mine at Mount Burnett. In the following year, the company imported machinery for the large-scale production of Portland cement but soon afterwards, it ran out of capital and the cement production was stopped.
Mount Burnett is home to an open cast dolomite mine, operated by Sollys Transport a local Golden Bay company. The Mount Burnett dolomite mine is the only source of the mineral, an important agricultural fertiliser, in New Zealand. The mine employs about 20 people. Some of the dolomite is shipped via Port Tarakohe. An extension to the mine was declined by the Minister for Conservation, Chris Carter in 2004. Mining is opposed by environmental groups including Forest & Bird.
Footnotes
References
Burnett
Burnett
Golden Bay
The Russian route A322, also known as "Barnaul – Rubtsovsk – the border with Kazakhstan", is a road in Russia. Its length is about 332 km.
Gallery
References
Roads in Russia
Achilles is the name of a Greek mythological hero of the Trojan War.
Achilles or Achilleus may also refer to:
Science and medicine
Achilles tendon, the posterior tendon of the leg
588 Achilles, the first Trojan asteroid to be discovered
Fiction
Achilleis (trilogy), a trilogy of plays by Aeschylus
Achilles (Marvel Comics), a member of the fictional group the Pantheon in the Marvel universe
Olympian (comics), whose second DC Comics incarnation is that of the Greek hero Achilles
Achilles de Flandres, a villain in Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game novel series
Achilles, Phoebus' horse in the animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame
Music
Achilles (opera), a 1733 ballad opera by John Gay
Achilles (band), an American hardcore band
Places
Achilles, Kansas, US, a ghost town
Achilles, Virginia, US, an unincorporated community
Achilles Point, a headland in Auckland, New Zealand
588 Achilles, the first Trojan asteroid to be discovered
People
Saints Nereus and Achilleus, 2nd century Christian saints and martyrs
Achilles Tatius of Alexandria, 2nd century Greek writer
Felix, Fortunatus, and Achilleus (died 212), Christian saints and martyrs
Achilles or Achillius of Larissa (died 330), Christian saint
Achilleus (Roman usurper), the ruler of Egypt for a very short time in the late 3rd century AD
Achilles (judge royal) (died after 1201), Hungarian noble
Achilles Alferaki (1846–1919), Russian-Greek composer and mayor
Achilleus Kewanuka (1869–1886), Ugandan Christian saint and martyr
Frederick Achilles, Duke of Württemberg-Neuenstadt (1591–1631)
Kullervo Achilles Manner (1880–1939), Finnish politician and journalist
Theodore Achilles (1905–1986), American diplomat
Transport
Achilles (automobile), a British automobile maker, 1903–1908
Achilles (1906–1912 motorcycle), a Czechoslovakian motorcycle manufacturer
Achilles (1953–1957 motorcycle), a West German scooter and moped manufacturer
Achilles (1873–1892), one of the ten South Devon Railway Buffalo class steam locomotives
Achilles, one of the GWR 3031 Class locomotives that were built for and run on Great Western Railway between 1891 and 1915
was one of the first steamships that were fuel efficient enough to trade between the UK and China.
Military
HMS Achilles, seven Royal Navy ships
HMNZS Achilles, New Zealand Navy cruiser, 1932–1948
USS Achilles, two US Navy ships
17pdr SP M10C Achilles and 3in SP M10 Achilles, British variants of the M10, a World War II tank destroyer
Sport
Achilles '29, a Dutch football club based in Groesbeek
Achilles F.C., an English football club based in Ipswich
Achilles International, an international non-profit organization which provides support to athletes with disabilities
See also
Acanthurus achilles, commonly known as Achilles tang or Achilles surgeonfish, a species of tropical marine fish
Achille (disambiguation)
Achillea, the yarrows, a genus of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae
Achilles' heel, a weakness or vulnerability
Achilles number, a powerful number which is not a perfect power
Achilleos, a surname
Archicebus achilles, an extinct species of primate
Borgå Akilles, a Finnish sports club based in Provoo
Morpho achilles, the Achilles morpho, blue-banded morpho, or banded blue morpho, a species of Neotropical butterfly
Phyllonorycter achilleus, a species of moth from the family Gracillariidae
Z Achilles, a fictional weapon from the anime Beyblade Burst Turbo
Nordstrand () is a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway. It borders Gamle Oslo in the north, Østensjø in the east and Søndre Nordstrand in the south.
The borough is located in the southern part of the city and with a population of 52,459 people as of 2020. In 2004, Nordstrand was merged with two other boroughs, Lambertseter and Ekeberg-Bekkelaget, to form what is today known simply as Nordstrand. First and second generation immigrants make up 14.6% of the population, which is the lowest percentage in the entire city.
The borough is named after a house named Nordstranden, located at Mosseveien 196.
Nordstrand is one of the wealthiest boroughs in Oslo, and net incomes, real estate prices, and life expectancy are among the city's highest. In demographic statistics Oslo is usually divided into an eastern and a western part. As Nordstrand differs significantly from its bordering boroughs, it is often considered as belonging to the western part even though it is geographically located in the eastern part. Solveien, Nordstrand's most famous road, has been one of Oslo's most expensive addresses since the early 20th century. Nordstrand is also known for its views of the Oslofjord and its long beach.
The borough consists of these neighborhoods of Oslo:
Nordstrand
Bekkelaget
Ekeberg
Lambertseter
Ljan
See also
Nordstrand Vel
References
Further reading
Magnus Hydle. Nordstrand før og nå. Published by Nordstrand Vel on the occasion of its 50th anniversary. Oslo: Fabritius, 1942.
Finn Erhard Johannessen. Utsikt over Nordstrands historie. Oslo: Nordstrand Vel, 2000.
Boroughs of Oslo
Bogampatti is village and gram panchayat located in Sulur Taluk of Coimbatore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The panchayat falls under the Sulur state assembly constituency and the Coimbatore Lok Sabha constituency. The panchayat has a total of 7 panchayat constituencies. Out of these, 7 panchayat members are elected. According to the 2011 Census of India, the total population is 1,772. Of these, 880 are women and 892 are men. The village has a presence in wind power generation in India. The Tamil Nadu branch office of the leading wind turbine company is located here.
References
Villages in Coimbatore district
Mount Timosthenes () is a prominent peak between the head of Hariot Glacier and the north side of Airy Glacier, 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Peregrinus Peak, in central Antarctic Peninsula. Photographed from the air by United States Antarctic Service (USAS), September 28, 1940, and by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE), November 27, 1947. Surveyed by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in December 1958. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) after Aristotle Timosthenes of Rhodes, chief pilot of King Ptolemy II (285-246 BC), who wrote sailing directions and devised the windrose of 8 or 12 winds, later developed into the points of the compass.
Mountains of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Steve Harney (born 1951) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right back.
Career
Born in Bradford, Harney played for Drum Rovers, Bradford City and Guiseley.
For Bradford City they made 14 appearances in the Football League.
Sources
References
1951 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Guiseley A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
[11C]ME@HAPTHI is a radiotracer of the norepinephrine transporter for positron emission tomography.
References
PET radiotracers
Ganesh Asirvatham is an English language teacher from Klang, Selangor.  They are a Scrabble player who represents Malaysia in international competition. They were the World Scrabble Championship 2007 runner-up. Ganesh was also the former Guinness World Record holder for the most Scrabble opponents played simultaneously by one challenger. The record took place on 7 November 2007 at the Infiniti Mall in Andheri, Mumbai, India. Ganesh beat 21 out of 25 opponents during their record attempt.
Ganesh achieved their best career WSC Rank 4 in 2005 and they had won awards in Malaysia NSC, Singapore Open and 2005 Indian Open.  They are currently the top ranked player in the world according to WESPA
References
External links
Living people
Malaysian people of Indian descent
Malaysian Scrabble players
Malaysian educators
People from Selangor
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Hundred of Yantanabie is a cadastral unit of hundred within County of Dufferin, South Australia.
The traditional custodians of the land were the Nawu people.
A township called Yantanabie was proclaimed in the westerly adjacent Hundred of Walpuppie in 1918.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
Yantanabie, South Australia
References
Yantanabie
is a Japanese biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1956 births
Living people
Japanese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Japan
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Aomori Prefecture
Asian Games medalists in biathlon
Biathletes at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games silver medalists for Japan
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Winter Games
Jed Metcher is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.  They are a former competitor in the Australian 125cc Championship, the Australian Supersport Championship, the Supersport World Championship, the British Superbike Championship, and the European Superstock 600 Championship where they finished as champion in 201, the IDM Supersport Championship and the IDM Superbike Championship. Jed Metcher is a supporter of the Hands Across the Water Charity bike ride.
Career statistics
2006- 8th, Australian 125 Championship #13 Honda RS125R
2007- 7th, Australian 125 Championship #13 Honda RS125R
2008- 3rd, Australian 125 Championship #13 Honda RS125R
2009- 8th, Australian Supersport Championship #71 Yamaha YZF-R6
2010- 17th, IDM Superbike Championship #77 Honda CBR1000RR
2011- 1st, European Superstock 600 Championship #3 Yamaha YZF-R6
2012- 14th, Supersport World Championship #3 Yamaha YZF-R6
2013- 4th, IDM Supersport Championship #3 Suzuki GSX-R600
2014- Australasian Formula OZ Championship #91 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2014- Winner of the 63rd Harvie Wiltshire Memorial Trophy at Phillip Island #91 Kawasaki ZX-10R
2015- 6th, International Island Classic. Winner of race four #91 Suzuki Katana
2015- 33rd, British Superbike Championship #68 Kawasaki ZX-10R
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1990 births
Australian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Paul Sinkwitz (29 March 1899 – 15 July 1981) was a German painter and type designer. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Fonts designed by Paul Sinkwitz
Sinkwitz-Gotisch (1942, Schriftguss Type Foundry)
References
1899 births
1981 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
German graphic designers
German typographers and type designers
A fiscal agent, fiscal sponsor, or financial agent is a proxy that manages fiscal matters on behalf of another party. A fiscal agent may assist in the redemption of bonds or coupons at maturity, disbursing dividends, and handling tax issues. For example, the United States Federal Reserve is the fiscal agent of the federal government of the United States.
Banking
Tax
Pirton railway station, also known as Kempsey railway station, served the village of Pirton, Worcestershire, England, from 1841 to 1844 on the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway.
History
The station was opened on 15 November 1841 by the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway. It was a short-lived station, closing on 4 November 1844.
References
Disused railway stations in Worcestershire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1841
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1844
1841 establishments in England
1844 disestablishments in England
Leighton Aspell (born 12 June 1976) is a retired Irish jockey, whose wins include the Champion Four Year Old Hurdle riding United, two runnings of the Welsh National, the 2014 Grand National riding Pineau de Re and the 2015 Grand National riding Many Clouds.
Personal life
Leighton Aspell was born 12 June 1976 in Dublin, Ireland. They grew up in Narraghmore, County Kildare. Aspell has a brother, Paddy, who is also a jockey, and was originally taught to ride by their father, Patrick. They were later apprenticed to Reg Hollinshead. Aspell has a fan club, making them "one of the few jockeys" to have such a thing. They and their brother Paddy are second cousins of former Ireland Rugby international Shane Horgan and their actor sister Sharon Horgan.
Career
Aspell has competed in seven Grand Nationals, winning both the 2014 and 2015 Grand Nationals and coming second in the 2003 Grand National (his debut), riding Supreme Glory.
Aspell had several other notable successes. They won the Welsh National on Supreme Glory in 2001 and the same race on L'Aventure in 2005. Also, in 2005, Aspell won the Grade I Champion Four Year Old Hurdle at Punchestown Racecourse on the Lucy Wadham-trained mare United. In 2006, Aspell came near to victory at the Grand National, riding Ballycassidy, but they fell at Valentine's Brook second time round.
In July 2007, Aspell announced their retirement from race riding, and left to work for trainer John Dunlop in Arundel. However, they began their comeback in April 2009, saying "I'm really looking forward to coming back. It's something that has been in the back of my mind, and the more I thought about it, the more I decided that I didn't want to find myself in ten years time regretting not having ridden for longer."
During the 2013–2014 season, Aspell had their best ever season, riding 61 winners so far. They were given the ride on Richard Newland's Pineau de Re in the 2014 Grand National after the horse's regular rider Sam Twiston-Davies opted to ride the more fancied Tidal Bay around three weeks prior to the race. After a false start, Aspell and Pineau de Re won the race by five lengths at odds of 25/1, winning £561,300 out of a £1,000,000 prize fund.
At the 2015 Grand National, Aspell rode Many Clouds, against a field of 38 including their previous winner Pineau de Re. Pre-race, favourite A. P. McCoy had odds of 7-1 riding Shutthefrontdoor, Aspell had odds of 25-1. Aspell's victory makes them the first back-to-back Grand National winner in over 40 years since Red Rum with rider Brian Fletcher, and only the third since World War II, along with Bryan Marshall. Aspell stated after the race that "that's the best ride I have had in the National", their riding won £561,300 from the £1 million pot.
Major wins
Great Britain
Grand National - (2) Pineau de Re (2014), Many Clouds (2015)
Welsh Grand National - (2) Supreme Glory (2001), L'Aventure (2005)
Ireland
Champion Four Year Old Hurdle - (1) United (2005)
References
1976 births
Living people
Irish jockeys
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Sportspeople from Dublin (city)
Lester Award winners
The Vella Lavella white-eye, belted white-eye, or banded white-eye (Zosterops vellalavella) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Vella Lavella white-eye
Birds of the Western Province (Solomon Islands)
Vella Lavella white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Säynätsalo Town Hall () is a multifunction building complex, consisting of two main buildings organised around a centralised courtyard; a U-shaped council chamber and town hall with administrative offices and a community library with and flats. The Town Hall was designed by Finnish architect Alvar Aalto for the municipality of Säynätsalo (merged with the municipality of Jyväskylä in 1993) in Central Finland. Aalto received the commission after a design contest in 1949, and the building was completed in December 1951.
The town hall is considered one of the most important buildings Aalto designed in their career.
Site
In 1944 Aalto was commissioned to design and implement a town plan for Säynätsalo, a small factory town founded around Johan Parviaisen Tehtaat wood-processing mills, from 1946 operated by Enso-Gutzeit (now part of Stora Enso), whose headquarters in Helsinki they also designed. The town hall would be built at a later date after Aalto won a government-mandated competition for its design. Aalto constructed the building into the wooded hillside of Säynätsalo creating a three-story multi-purpose building surrounding an elevated courtyard.
Design
The design of the Town Hall was influenced by both Finnish vernacular architecture and the humanist Italian renaissance. It was the Italian Renaissance from which Aalto drew inspiration for the courtyard arrangement which informed the name of their original competition entry entitled "Curia." While the main program of the building is housed within a heavy brick envelope, the courtyard is bordered by a glass-enclosed circulation space which can be linked to the model of an arcade-bordered Piazza.
It was important to Aalto that the design represent democracy and the people's relationship with the government which is why they included a large public space, along with sections dedicated to the public.
The town hall is crowned by the council chamber, a double-height space which is capped by the Aalto-designed "Butterfly" trusses. The trusses support both the roof and the ceiling, creating airflow to manage condensation in the winter and heat in the summer. The butterfly truss eliminates the need for multiple intermediate trusses. It also gives call to medieval and traditional styles. The council Chamber is approached from the main entrance hall a floor below via a ramp which wraps around the main tower structure under a row of clerestory ribbon windows.
Aalto constrained their material palette to one dominated by brick and accented by timber and copper. Though Aalto practiced at the same time as Modernist Architects Le Corbusier and others, they rejected the Machine Aesthetic for the majority of their architecture. Instead, they saw their buildings as organisms made of up of individual cells. This principle informed Aalto's use of traditional building materials such as brick which is, by nature, cellular. The bricks were even laid slightly off-line to create a dynamic and enlivened surface condition due to the shadows.
The massive brick envelope is punctuated by periods of vertical striation in the form of timber columns which evoke Säynätsalo's setting in a heavily forested area. Winfried Nerdinger argues that, "[Aalto] avoided a too perfect mechanical appearance. To this end, they insisted that the bricks should not be laid precisely to the plane. The result is a lively, natural-looking surface that acquires a sculptural quality in the light."
Another distinctive feature at Säynätsalo are the grass stairs which complement a conventional set of stairs adjacent to the tower council chambers. The grass stairs also evoke notions of ancient Greek and Italian architecture through the establishment of a form resembling a simple amphitheater condition.
Plan
Originally, the hall was planned as a multifunction space which would include civic offices and meeting space, private apartment space, shops, a bank, and a library. The civic spaces are concentrated on the second floor on the west side of the building, surrounding the courtyard and leading to the council chamber. The apartment spaces occupy both the first and second stories on the east end.
Since the original construction, much of the multifunction spaces have been converted to allow for expanding office needs.
References
Notes
Sources
Weston, Richard. Town Hall, Säynätsalo, Alvar Aalto. London: Phaidon Press Limited, 1993.
External links
Official page of Säynätsalo Town Hall
Alvar Aalto buildings
Modernist architecture in Finland
City and town halls in Finland
Government buildings completed in 1951
Jyväskylä
Buildings and structures in Central Finland
Pseudapanteles is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are more than 30 described species in Pseudapanteles. They are found primarily in the Neotropics, although three species are found in North America.
Species
These 36 species belong to the genus Pseudapanteles:
Pseudapanteles abantidas (Nixon, 1965)
Pseudapanteles alfiopivai Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles alvaroumanai Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles analorenaguevarae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles annulicornis Ashmead, 1900
Pseudapanteles brunneus Ashmead, 1900
Pseudapanteles carlosespinachi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles carlosrodriguezi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles christianafigueresae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles dignus (Muesebeck, 1938)
Pseudapanteles gouleti Fernández-Triana, 2010
Pseudapanteles hernanbravoi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles jorgerodriguezi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles josefigueresi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles laurachinchillae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles lipomeringis (Muesebeck, 1958)
Pseudapanteles luisguillermosolisi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles margaritapenonae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles mariobozai Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles mariocarvajali Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles maureenballesteroae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles moerens (Nixon, 1965)
Pseudapanteles munifigueresae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles nerion (Nixon, 1965)
Pseudapanteles nigrovariatus (Muesebeck, 1921)
Pseudapanteles oscarariasi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles ottonsolisi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles pedroleoni Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles raulsolorzanoi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles renecastroi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles rodrigogamezi Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles rosemarykarpinskiae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles ruficollis (Cameron, 1911)
Pseudapanteles sesiae (Viereck, 1912)
Pseudapanteles soniapicadoae Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
Pseudapanteles teofilodelatorrei Fernández-Triana & Whitfield, 2014
References
Further reading
Microgastrinae
The Gapyeong Canada Monument () is a monument erected to commemorate the sacrifice of the Canadian Forces during the Korean War, especially at the Battle of Kapyong in the Canadian Korean War Memorial Garden. The English text describing the monument reads as follows:
When one walks toward the monument, at the left is a panel explaining the history of the monument while at the right is a description of the Canadian contribution to the Korean War. The main monument is centred at the far end alongside both a Korean and Canadian flag. The main monument is flanked left by the monument dedicated to the 2nd Battalion Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry (PPCLI) and the battle on Hill 677 and flanked on the right with another monument naming all the Canadian units that participated in the Korean War.
The Main monument
The main monument was erected December 30, 1983 and its English text reads as follow :
PPCLI monument
At the left of the main monument lies the monument dedicated to the 2nd Battalion of the Princess Patricia Canadian Light Infantry for their actions during the Battle of Kapyong on April 24 and 25 1951, actions that had them decorated with the United States Presidential Unit Citation. This monument was erected November 7, 1975.
Canadian contribution to the Korean War
The two rightmost monument describes the Canadian contribution to the Korean war. The front monument reads as follow s:
The rear monument goes into details, listing the units that participated in the Korean war as well as the size of the contribution: 26,791 Canadians during the war itself, 7,000 until 1955 with 516 casualties and 1,255 wounded. The units that served are:
Royal Canadian Navy
HMCS Athabaskan
HMCS Cayuga
HMCS Sioux
HMCS Nootka
HMCS Huron
HMCS Iroquois
HMCS Crusader
HMCS Haida
Army
Lord Strathcona's Horse (Royal Canadians)
2nd Field Regiment (FD Regt.) and 1st Regt. Royal Canadian Horse Artillery
81st FD Regt. Royal Canadian Artillery
The Corps of Royal Canadian Engineers
The Royal Canadian Corps of Signals
The Royal Canadian Regiment
2nd. 1st and 3rd Battalions
Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry
2nd. 1st and 3rd Battalions
Royal 22e Régiment
2nd. 1st and 3rd Battalions
The Royal Canadian Army Service Corps
The Royal Canadian Army Medical Corps
The Royal Canadian Army Dental Corps
Royal Canadian Army Ordnance Corps
The Corps of Royal Canadian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers
Royal Canadian Army Pay Corps
The Royal Canadian Postal Corps
Royal Canadian Army Chaplain Corps
The Canadian Provost Corps
Canadian Intelligence Corps
Royal Canadian Air Force
No. 426 (Thunderbird) Squadron
See also
United Nations Memorial Cemetery – Busan, South Korea, which holds the remains of 378 Canadians killed in the Korean War
External links
Canada Monument
A Profile of the Canadian Korean War Memorial
International Expedition: South Korea
Korean War memorials and cemeteries
Monuments and memorials in South Korea
Canadian military memorials and cemeteries
Buildings and structures in Gapyeong County
Retinal isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the isomerisation of all-trans-retinal in the eye into 11-cis-retinal which is the form that most opsins bind.
all-trans-retinal 11-cis-retinal
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, all-trans-retinal, and one product, 11-cis-retinal.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically cis-trans isomerases. Its systematic name is all-trans-retinal 11-cis-trans-isomerase. Other names are retinene isomerase, and retinoid isomerase. This enzyme participates in the retinol metabolism.
References
EC 5.2.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
"Amárrame" is a song by Chilean singer Mon Laferte featuring Colombian singer Juanes. It released on February 10, 2017 through Universal Music Group as part of Laferte's fifth studio album La Trenza. The song was written by Laferte, produced by themselves and Manuel Soto.
The song reached number two in Chile, only after Luis Fonsi's "Despacito", becoming their second best-ranking song after "El Beso", and also reached number two in Mexico, becoming their best-ranking song on that chart. It also became a success in Latin American pop charts. "Amárrame" won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song in 2017. It was also nominated for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
Background
The song originally was written in 2015 originally for their previous album Mon Laferte Vol. 1, but they decided not to include it because they felt the album was complete. When they were recording their fifth studio album, La Trenza, they decided to put "Amárrame" in it. and when Universal Music asked them if they wanted to sing it alone or with someone, Laferte said they would like to record the song with Juanes. Then, Laferte went to Miami to meet Juanes and they decided to record the song and music video in that city.
The song was released as single on February 10, 2017, publishing the music video on MTV and later on the platform VEVO. Simultaneously, the song "Yo Te Qui" was released, available on download format and streaming platforms.
The single cover is featured on the first shots of the song's music video.
Composition
"Amárrame" is a song written by Mon Laferte and interpreted by themselves featuring Juanes, being described as a cumbia and Latin pop song, with elements of Andean music. The track runs at 180 BPM and is in the key of F minor. It runs at three minutes and 27 seconds.
Critical reception
Marisa Arbona-Ruiz of NPR referred to "Amárrame" as a "crazy-sexy song", adding that it "barely reflects the full range of their voice or the diverse artistry that runs throughout this delicious album".
Commercial performance
On the day of its release the single debuted as the best-selling iTunes song in Mexico, Chile, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Colombia and Bolivia. In addition, prior to the release "Amárrame" became in a few hours on Trending Topic on the Twitter platform and then on YouTube Trend on their native country.
"Amárrame" made them the first Chilean artist to place a single among the top five trends in Spotify World and parallel to this at number 1 in Spotify Mexico and Chile simultaneously, as well as number 1 and 4 on YouTube Chile and Mexico respectively with more than six million reproductions in less than two weeks.
On April 14, 2017, the song was the most played Chilean song on radio stations in the country since its launch, with a total of 4,135 executions according to data from the SCD (Chilean Copyright Society). Moreover, from March to date, the song in collaboration with Juanes was in second place in the general ranking, which considers both Chilean and foreign music.
"Amárrame" was the most listened to Chilean song both on the radio and on Spotify in Chile during 2017.
Accolades
Music video
A music video recorded in Miami, Florida was uploaded on February 10, 2017, showing Laferte and Juanes interpreting the song in the city streets; it features choreographies and colorful landscapes from Miami. The music video reached over 300 million views on YouTube as February 2020.
Live performances
Laferte performed "Amárrame" for the first time on 2017 Viña del Mar International Song Festival on February 25. Then they performed along with Juanes on the 2017 Vive Latino Festival on March 19.
Personnel
Credits adapted from La Trenza liner notes.
Vocals
Mon Laferte – lead vocals
Juanes – lead vocals
Esván Lemus – background vocals
Jerry Velásquez – background vocals
René Mooi – background vocals
Musicians
Fermín Fortiz – bass guitar
Ram – clarinet
Enrique Lara – guitar
Juanes – guitar
Manuel Soto – guitar, organ
Juan Molina – percussion
Felipe Sanabria – saxophone
Erick Rodríguez – trombone
Humberto Sanabria – trumpet
Production
Manuel Soto – production
Eduardo del Águila – mixing, recording
Alan Ortiz – recording
Chalo González – recording
Dave Poler – recording
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2017 songs
2017 singles
Mon Laferte songs
Juanes songs
Male–female vocal duets
Latin Grammy Award for Best Alternative Song
Songs written by Mon Laferte
"I Would Be Over Me Too" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Tyler Joe Miller. The track was co-written with Kelly Archer and Mitch Merrett. The song became the second single off Miller's debut extended play Sometimes I Don't, But Sometimes I Do.
Critical reception
CMT stated:
Commercial performance
"I Would Be Over Me Too" reached a peak of #1 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated October 31, 2020. This made Miller the first independent artist in the history of the chart to debut with consecutive #1 singles (after "Pillow Talkin'"), and gave them their first chart-topper as a songwriter. The song also reached a peak of #63 on the Canadian Hot 100 in the same week. It has been certified Gold by Music Canada.
Music video
The music video for "I Would Be Over Me Too" premiered on September 17, 2020. It features Miller singing the song while continuously running into an ex who never seems to notice him.
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Tyler Joe Miller songs
Songs written by Kelly Archer
Songs written by Mitch Merrett
Song recordings produced by Danick Dupelle
What a Diff'rence a Day Makes! is a tenth studio album by Dinah Washington, arranged by Belford Hendricks, featuring their hit single of the same name.
The title track won Washington the Grammy Award for Best R&B Performance at the 2nd Annual Grammy Awards held in November 1959.
Album was released on CD in 2000 on the Verve label with 3 bonus tracks.
Track listing
"I Remember You" (Johnny Mercer, Victor Schertzinger) – 2:42
"I Thought About You" (Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Mercer) – 2:28
"That's All There Is to That" (Clyde Otis, Kelly Owens) – 2:15
"I Won't Cry Anymore" (Al Frisch, Fred Wise) – 2:15
"I'm Thru with Love" (Gus Kahn, Fud Livingston, Matty Malneck) – 2:23
"Cry Me a River" (Arthur Hamilton) – 2:24
"What a Diff'rence a Day Makes" (Stanley Adams, María Mendez Grever) – 2:35
"Nothing in the World" (Brook Benton, Belford Hendricks, Clyde Otis) – 3:12
"Manhattan" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 4:13
"Time after Time" (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne) – 2:27
"It's Magic" (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne) – 2:28
"A Sunday Kind of Love" (Barbara Belle, Anita Leonard, Louis Prima, Stan Rhodes) – 2:26
"Time after Time" (First Version) (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne) - 2:15
"Come On Home" (Bonus) (Juanita Hill, Dinah Washington) - 2:27
"It Could Happen To You" (Bonus) (Jimmy Van Heusen, Johnny Burke) - 2:19
Personnel
Performance
Dinah Washington - vocals
Charles Davis - baritone saxophone
Jerome Richardson - flute
Kenny Burrell - guitar
David "Panama" Francis - drums
Milt Hinton - double bass
Joe Zawinul - piano
Belford Hendricks - arranger, conductor
Production
Tom Greenwood - research coordination
Carlos Kase
Hollis King - art direction
Edward Odowd - design
Sherniece Smith - art producer
Chuck Stewart - photography
Bruce Swedien - sound engineer
References
1959 albums
Dinah Washington albums
Mercury Records albums
Albums conducted by Belford Hendricks
Albums arranged by Belford Hendricks
"Écoute" (French: "Listen") is a song by Romanian recording artist Alexandra Stan for their third studio album, Alesta (2016). Featuring the vocal collaboration of Romanian band Havana, it was released on 9 March 2016 through Victor Entertainment together with its parent album. The lyrics of the recording were written in both English and French by Nadir Tamuz, Alexandra Ţîrţîrău, Sorin Seniuc and Vanotek, with the track being produced by Luigi Enciu. "Ecoute" is a dance song, which incorporates tropical beats and oriental sounds in its instrumentation. According to Stan, the songwriting is based on the theme of limitless and unconditional love.
An accompanying music video for the single was uploaded onto Stan's YouTube channel on 31 May 2016, having surpassed the 10 million views limit the singer set to release a home video for their subsequent single, "Boom Pow" (2016). The visual—portraying Stan performing in front of a snowy landscape—was filmed in March 2016 by Khaled Mokhtar on the top of mountain square Transalpina at −15 °C, near locality Obârșia-Brezoi. Music critics were positive towards the track, comparing Stan's vocals to those of Inna and Fly Project on "Bad Boys" (2015) and "Jolie" (2016), respectively, but also praising it for being bilingual. "Écoute" charted within the top twenty in Romania and Poland's Dance Chart.
Composition
"Écoute" was written by Nadir Tamuz, Alexandra Ţîrţîrău, Sorin Seniuc and Vanotek while being solely produced by Luigi Enciu. Lasting three minutes and sixteen seconds, it is a dance song which musically incorporates tropical beats, oriental elements and violins in its instrumentation. The recording commences with a calm rhythm, and develops in crescendo until the chorus is played. "Écoute" features lyrics written in both English and French, which—according to Stan—delve on "pure love, without barriers, which does not limit you". While Havana provides guest vocals for the track's second verse, Stan's "sexy" vocals in the song were compared by French website Aficia's Valentin Malfroy to those of Romanian singer Inna's on "Bad Boys" (2015) and Romanian band Fly Project's on "Jolie" (2016), with the publication further labeling its lyrics "effective without being complicated". Jonathan Currinn, writing in Outlet Magazine, felt that their vocals "harmonize perfectly giving so much fire that the icy backdrop [from the music video] melts away."
Reception
Upon its release, "Écoute" was acclaimed by music critic Olivio Umberto. Writing for Italian publication RnB Junk, they praised the song for bringing "high-quality dance [music] in European discos", additionally feeling that it was "very desirable for Europe". They concluded, "The English language only serves to capture the listener's attention, since it concerns a very restricted part of the track." Commercially, the recording debuted at number seventy-eight on the Romanian Airplay 100 on 26 June 2016, gradually climbing to number sixteen on 21 August 2016, eventually claiming the place for the next two weeks before reaching its peak position at number fourteen on 11 September 2016. "Écoute" further charted at number eleven on Poland's Dance Chart.
Promotion
Stan performed "Écoute" during various concerts that promoted the release of their album Alesta in Japan and Europe. Accompanied by Havana and a violinist, the singer has also sung the recording in a stripped-down version for Romanian radio stations Kiss FM, Pro FM and Radio 21 on 3 June 7 and 28 June 2016, respectively.
An accompanying music video for the single was uploaded onto Stan's YouTube channel on 31 May 2016; it has surpassed the 10 million views limit the singer set to release a home video for their subsequent single, "Boom Pow" (2016). The visual was filmed in March 2016 by Khaled Mokhtar on the Transalpina mountain square near Romanian locality Obârșia-Brezoi, where Stan used to go with their family in their childhood. The clip was shot at −15˚C on the top of the square, where the entire producing team was brought to with a ratrak. For the shooting, they transformed the refuge of Transalpina Ski Resort's mountain rescuers in a make-up and dressing room.
The visual opens with Stan moving out their jacket, while wearing a blonde wig. Subsequently, a mountain is presented, following which the singer is portrayed with a husky dog in front of a snowy landscape, sporting a white hoodie. Following this, footage with two horses running free is shown, with them tossing their hair in a similar way to the animals' shakes. Over the rest of the music video, Stan further performs to the song, while band Havana make a cameo appearance and are seen in several scenes interspersed through the clip.
Website Aficia confessed that the visual's "snowy landscapes give a winter dimension to the title, in opposition to the heat it could bring." While Info Music claimed that the husky and the white horse used for the music video were metaphors for purity and the singer's personality, respectively, Jonathan Currinn of Outlet Magazine explained that they add "perfect imagery into the clip". Olivio Umberto from RnB Junk was positive towards the visual, with them feeling that "the look, the scenery and clothing present Alexandra in all their beauty and sensuality, but always preserve a class of aura, without ever even getting close to vulgarity."
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from the official music video.
Technical and composing credits
Luigi Enciu – producer
Nadir Tamuz – composer
Alexandra Ţîrţîrău – composer
Sergiu Musteaţă – mixing, mastering
Sorin Seniuc – composer
Vanotek – composer
Vocal credits
Alexandra Stan – lead vocals
Havana − featured artist
Visual credits
Khaled Mokhtar – director
Charts
Release history
References
Alexandra Stan songs
2016 songs
2016 singles
Dance-pop songs
English-language Romanian songs
French-language songs
Frieda is a 1946 play by the British writer Ronald Millar.
It was first performed at the Theatre Royal, Brighton before transferring to the Westminster Theatre where it ran for 132 performances from 2 May to 24 August 1946.
The following year it was adapted by Ealing Studios into a film of the same name directed by Basil Dearden and starring Mai Zetterling and David Farrar.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1940-1949: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1946 plays
Plays by Ronald Millar
West End plays
Adal Ray (formerly Adal Hernandez) is an American tattooist and visionary artist currently residing in New York City, where they own and operates the Brooklyn studio Majestic Tattoo NYC. Adal was born in Chicago and raised between Texas and Chicago, where they attended the Art Institute of Chicago's Early College Program and completed their tattoo apprenticeship under Chicago's Tattoo Tom. Adal has been tattooing professionally since 1993, settling in New York in 1998.
In their 19 years as a tattoo artist, Adal has been featured in several body art-related publications, including Skin & Ink; Inked, and Tattoo Burst. They were featured on PBS in a special entitled "The Body Adorned," which also featured an American Museum of Natural History Exhibition on the history of body art, to which Adal contributed. Adal has also been featured in multiple non-tattoo related publications for their work in other media.
Majestic Tattoo NYC opened in early 2012 as a small studio specializing in custom, visionary, often psychedelic and fractal tattoos. The space also functions as an independent art gallery, displaying the work of both American and international artists. This double function represents Adal's goal of unifying the differing forms of artistic expression: in their words, "The tattoo renaissance has pushed the art form to new places."
Early life
Adal was born in Chicago, IL, and spent their childhood split between Texas and Chicago. They began training themselves to draw in the 5th grade through informal drawing competitions with their classmates, taking inspiration from action figures and objects found around their home. At the same time, Adal also became interested in comic book art, and could be found creating their own comic books, their most memorable creation being a blaxploitation action hero. Adal had an early interest in the art of Pablo Picasso and other famous modern artists, though it was their 7th grade art teacher in Brownsville, TX who exposed them to the more underground works of the New York pop art movement and Keith Haring. In high school, Adal moved back to Chicago, where they aspired to a career in creating socially conscious murals. In 1989, an opportunity to make this goal a reality presented itself when at age 16, Adal was able to meet Keith Haring when Haring traveled to Chicago to work on a mural project with high school students, titled "Keith Haring at the Pinnacle." Adal ended up contributing to the mural, as well as assisting Haring on two other murals in a hospital. As a memento, Haring and their photographer, Tseng Kwong Chi, both signed Adal's leather jacket.[11]
16 was also the age at which Adal first began to develop their lifelong interest in tattoo art. A friend, who was already an avid tattoo enthusiast, was impressed by Adal's sketches, and took them to meet Guy Aitchison, an established Chicago tattoo artist. Adal began hanging around the shop and started to gain their first in-depth knowledge about the art of tattooing from Guy, inspiring them to pursue a life as a tattoo artist.
Later on, Adal studied in an early college program at the Art Institute of Chicago before moving to Austin, TX. At age 18, Adal got a tattoo apprenticeship offer in Chicago, studying under Tattoo Tom. Since then, Adal has split their time at numerous tattoo studios in Austin, Chicago, and New York City. They currently own and operates their own studio, Majestic Tattoo NYC, in the intersection of Bedford-Stuyvesant and Bushwick in Brooklyn, New York.
See also
List of tattoo artists
References
External links
Majestic Tattoo NYC
Adal Ray Portfolio
TattMag Interview with Adal
Living people
1973 births
American tattoo artists
Oratorio di San Pellegrino (Italian for Oratory of San Pellegrino) is a medieval oratory in the village of Bominaco, in the municipality of Caporciano in the Province of L'Aquila (Abruzzo). The interior walls of the church are entirely covered in frescoes that represent a historical testimony of medieval Abruzzo. In 1902, the oratory was declared a national monument.
History
The oratory was part of a Benedictine monastery, Santa Maria Assunta, that was established in the Carolingian era. An inscription on the back wall indicates it was constructed in 1263, commissioned by Abbot Teodino. The oratory was believed to have been constructed over the tomb of San Pellegrino of Syria, a saint evidently highly regarded in this area, but little is known about him.
UNESCO declared the oratory a World Heritage Site in 1996.
Architecture
Exterior
An eighteenth-century porch marks the front facade, while a bell tower tops the back.
Interior
The small space (18.7 x 5.6m) comprises a single nave with ogival vaults in 4 bays. (Interior of Oratory) It is lit by three small windows on each side and rosette windows on the front and back facades. The space is divided by a half wall that must have served to separate lay visitors from the monks. The interior walls are entirely covered with frescoes, which date to the late 13th century.
Frescoes
4 rows of frescoes decorate the walls. At the lowest level are faux hanging curtains. Above, 3 rows of narratives represent scenes from the childhood of Christ, the Passion, the Last Judgment, the lives of St. Pellegrino and other saints, and months of the calendar. It has been suggested that a Charlemagne cycle was also included (now fragmentary). The apex of the vaults is covered with bands of geometric patterns. At least 3 different artists are thought to have produced the paintings, which owe a strong debt to Byzantine-Roman medieval traditions. Scholars have also noted a strong interest in lively naturalism in many of the frescoes, suggesting influences of northern Gothic art.
References
External links
Pellegrino
Bominaco
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Churches completed in 1263
Chaandan Mein is the third studio album by Indian fusion band Kailasa, released in June 2009 by Sony Music.
Track listing
All songs written by Kailash Kher and music by Kailash Kher, Paresh Kamath & Naresh Kamath
Personnel
Paresh Kamath – Guitars, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Naresh Kamath – Bass, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Kurt Peters – Drums, Percussions
Sanket Athale – Percussions, Vocal Percussions, Backing Vocals
Sankarshan Kini – Violin, Mandolin
Additional musicians
Rinku Rajput – Keyboards
Tapas Roy – Rabab, Saz, Mandolin, Oud, Santoor
Sunil Das – Sitar
Feroze Shah – Harmonium
Kutle Khan – Mor Chang, Bagal Bacchha, Kartal
Naveen Kumar – Flutes
Ashwin Srinivasan – Flutes
Kawa Brass Band – Brass section
2009 albums
Kailasa (band) albums
The Fokker XHB-2 was a proposed heavy bomber envisaged by the Fokker Aircraft Corporation of America in 1927. The leadership of the United States Army Air Corps found the XHB-2 design too radical to be a real proposition, so the design remained a paper project only.
Specifications
See also
References
XHB-2
1920s United States bomber aircraft
High-wing aircraft
is a railway station in Saka, Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
References
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
The men's 5000 metres at the 1978 European Athletics Championships was held in Prague, then Czechoslovakia, at Stadion Evžena Rošického on 31 August and 2 September 1978.
Medalists
Results
Final
2 September Most of this final was run at a slow and tactical pace. 1,000 metres was passed approximately in 2:44, while 2,000 metres took around 5:28. Finland's Martti Vainio, who had stunned many long-distance running fans on the opening day by winning the 10,000-metre race, shared the lead with West Germany's Frank Zimmermann. Only Portugal's Fernando Mamede, a talented but notably nervous runner, started to lose contact at this stage. Before 3,000 metres, Britain's Nick Rose surged into the lead, dropping West Germany's Christoph Herle, and reaching 3,000 metres in 8:09.5. During the next kilometre, despite the rather slow pace, also West Germany's Karl Fleschen and Frank Zimmermann, East Germany's Jörg Peter, Belgium's Léon Schots, the Soviet Union's Boris Kuznetsov, and their teammate Enn Sellik dropped from the lead group. Vainio was leading at 4,000 metres in 10:53.3. They were followed by Rose, Romania's Ilie Floroiu, Italy's Venanzio Ortis, the Soviet Union's Aleksandr Fyodotkin, Switzerland's Markus Ryffel, and Ireland's John Treacy. Sellik tried to catch the leading group, but could not. At 4,600 metres, reached in about 12:30–12:31, the seven-runner leading group was still tightly together. Around 4,700 metres, Floroiu suddenly rushed past Vainio who could, however, still increase their pace. Rose started to drop from the lead group, and for a few crucial seconds, Treacy lingered behind him. Vainio managed to keep their lead until the second half of the final bend, when Ryffel, Ortis, and Fyodotkin sprinted past him. During the first half of the home straight, also Floroiu and Treacy managed to pass Vainio. While Ortis narrowly but decisively passed Ryffel and Fyodotkin, Treacy kicked past Floroiu, and kept closing in on the three leading runners. Despite their narrow victory, Ortis raised their arms in triumph, while Fyodotkin and Ryffel crossed the finish line so tied that even the finish-line camera could not separate them. This was a very tight finish for a major championship final; the first four runners crossed the line 0.31 seconds apart, the first five runners in 0.8 seconds, and the first six runners in 1.2 seconds.
Heats
31 August
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 32 athletes from 21 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(2)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(3)
References
5000 metres
5000 metres at the European Athletics Championships
Bekky Livesey (born 19 September 1995) is a British judoka.
Judo career
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -57 kg category. They became champion of Great Britain, winning the half-middleweight division at the British Judo Championships in 2019.
Personal history
Bekky Livesey has a sister named Amy Livesey, who has won British championships at half-middleweight and a brother Owen Livesey, who is a three-times British champion at half-middleweight.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
British female judoka
Özcan Purçu (born 6 May 1977) is a Romani Turkish politician.  They are the first ever member of the parliament of Romani heritage in Turkey, elected in 2015.
Private life
Özcan Purçu was born at Söke, Aydın Province, where their parents of Romani heritage migrated in the 1950s from Çanakkale. They were one of three siblings in the family. They were born and raised in a plastic tent, which was as big as to hold two beds only, and needed to be replaced every three months because torn down. The toilet and the bathroom were outside the tent erected in a Romani neighborhood. Running water had to be supplied from the nearby mosque's fountain. They wove straw baskets to support their family financially while their mother peddled clothes and their father sold baskets.
Purçu is married to Gülseren Göl. They have two children, a son and a baby daughter.
Education
With no electricity in the tent, they studied under candlelight and street lamp. Their parents were not literate, and their father did not want them to get educated rather than they ought to earn money contrary to Özcan's ideal. Their father tried to marry off them with a young girl from the neighboring tent. As they rejected to get married, their father beat him, and burned their books and shoes. Özcan was forced to walk to the school in their mother's slippers. They completed their secondary education as the school's best pupil and with honors.
They wanted to become a kaymakam, district governor in Turkey as public administrator, because, as they told, every Romani had to apply to the district governor's office, which they believed was the zenith of the
state. They studied public administration at Uludağ University in Bursa and received an undergraduate degree. However, they could not realize their dream as a civil servant. Although successful at the exans for a career at the Military Supreme Administrative Court, they were found not suitable for the position due to their ethnicity.
Politician career
After they realized that they are hindered in a state service career, they devoted themselves helping Romani citizens through non-governmental organizations (NGO), and formed the Aegean Roma Assistance Foundation.
Due to their knowledge in Romani language and English, Özcan Purçu was invited to become a representative of Turkish Romani people in the European Council's Romanis and Nomads Forum. During their first meeting in Strasbourg, they realized to their big surprise that all Romani people speak the same language wherever they come from.
In 2001, they stepped into politics as a member of the Republican People's Party (CHP). Following the start-up an initiative for Romani people, they decided to run for a seat in the parliament at the 2011 general election. In 2009, Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu, leader of the CHP, made them an offer to join the campaign for general elections. Standing at the 11th position for their party's list of candidates in Izmir Province, they failed to get elected.
For the June 2015 general election, their rank rose up to 5th in the CHP's candidate list for deputies in Izmir Province. where around 400,000 Romani people are living without being represented not even at regional level. Following their official nomination by the party, they declared that in case of their election into the parliament they will be representing poor and oppressed people but mainly around six million Romani people living in Turkey. They will be in charge of addressing Romani people's housing, education and employment issues there.
At the general election on June 7, 2015, they won a seat in the parliament as a deputy of İzmir Province. They became so the first ever Turkish politician of Romani heritage entering the parliament, a historical milestone in Turkish politics.  They are also known as the third Romani politician in a European country's parliament.
References
1977 births
People from Söke
Turkish Romani people
Bursa Uludağ University alumni
Contemporary Republican People's Party (Turkey) politicians
Deputies of Izmir
Members of the 25th Parliament of Turkey
Romani politicians
Living people
Paralacydoniidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Paralacydonia Fauvel, 1913
References
Phyllodocida
Vauxhall is the name of two places in New Zealand:
Vauxhall, Auckland, suburb of North Shore City
Vauxhall, Dunedin, a suburb of Dunedin
is a public prefectural junior college in Kagoshima, Kagoshima, Japan, established in 1950. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1922.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1922
Public universities in Japan
Universities and colleges in Kagoshima Prefecture
Japanese junior colleges
1922 establishments in Japan
East Retford South is an electoral ward in the district of Bassetlaw. The ward elects two councillors to Bassetlaw District Council using the first past the post electoral system, with each councillor serving a four-year term in office. The number of registered voters in the ward is 3,888 as of 2019.
It consists of the southern part of the village of Ordsall in Retford, south of the train line.
The ward was created in 2002 following a review of electoral boundaries in Bassetlaw by the Boundary Committee for England.
Councillors
The ward elects 2 councillors every four years. Prior to 2015, Bassetlaw District Council was elected by thirds with elections taking place every year except the year in which elections to Nottinghamshire County Council took place.
Elections
2021 by-election
A by-election was held on 29 July 2021 following the resignation of Helen Richards (Labour). Helen subsequently stood for re-election as an Independent candidate.
2019
2015
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
2002
References
Wards of Nottinghamshire
Jacob M. Held is an American philosopher and Professor of Philosophy and Assistant Provost for Academic Assessment and General Education at the University of Central Arkansas.  They are known for their work at the intersection of philosophy and popular culture.
Education
Held received a BS in Philosophy from the University of Wisconsin - Madison in 1998. They then attended the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee, receiving an MA in Philosophy in 2000. Their master's thesis was on John Rawls. They attended Marquette University from 2000-2005, receiving their PhD in December of 2005. Their area of focus was 19th Century German philosophy. Their dissertation, "Is there a Future for Marxist Humanism?" investigated the roots of ethical Marxism in the works of Fichte, Hegel, and Feuerbach and its legacy in critical theory, focusing on the work of Erich Fromm and Axel Honneth.
Popular Culture and Philosophy
Philosophy of Sex
Held's work in the philosophy of sex focuses primarily on issues related to the First Amendment, obscenity law, and pornography. They have published extensively on pornography, dealing with issues such as pornography and art, pornography and discrimination, and pornography and speech. They have also published on issues related to gender, sexuality, and gay marriage.
Books
Dr. Seuss and Philosophy: Oh, the Thinks You Can Think
More Dr. Seuss and Philosophy: Additional Hunches in Bunches
Philosophy and Terry Pratchett (with James B. South)
Wonder Woman and Philosophy: The Amazonian Mystique
Roald Dahl and Philosophy: A Little Nonsense Now and Then
Stephen King and Philosophy
The Philosophy of Pornography: Contemporary Perspectives (with Lindsay Coleman)
James Bond and Philosophy: Questions are Forever (with James B. South)
The Philosophy of Sex: Contemporary Readings, co-editor with Alan Soble, Sarah Hoffman and Raja Halwani, Rowman & Littlefield Publishers 2012
References
21st-century American philosophers
Philosophy academics
Living people
University of Central Arkansas faculty
Moral philosophers
Political philosophers
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Tawell (1784–1845) was a British murderer and the first person to be arrested as the result of telecommunications technology.
Transported to Australia in 1814 for the crime of forgery, Tawell obtained a ticket of leave and started as a chemist in Sydney. There they flourished, and some years later left it a rich man.
Returning to England, they married a Quaker woman as their second wife. In 1845 they were convicted of the murder of their mistress, Sarah Hart, by administering prussic acid, their apparent motive being a dread of their relationship becoming known. Tawell fled the crime scene by train, but police were able to use the newly installed electric telegraph to circulate a description of the suspect ahead of their arrival at their destination, where they were identified as they left the station. They were arrested the following day and later sentenced to hang.
Early life and criminal career
Tawell started out as a shop worker in London and for some years worked in a number of businesses owned by the Quakers, a strict religious society which they later joined. They were eventually disowned by the Quakers as a result of their relationship with a non-Quaker woman, Mary Freeman, whom they ultimately married and with whom they had two children.
In 1814 Tawell was charged with possessing forged banknotes from the Uxbridge Bank, potentially a capital offence. However, the Quaker-owned bank was opposed to the death penalty and, mindful of scandal, negotiated for Tawell to be allowed to plead guilty to a lesser offence. The result was that their sentence was commuted to fourteen years' transportation to the penal colony of Sydney. After eventually obtaining their ticket of leave, Tawell prospered, opening the colony's first pharmacy and conducting numerous property and business ventures. Their family rejoined them in Sydney in 1823 and Tawell set about rehabilitating their reputation, being influential in setting up the first Quaker community in Australia and engaging in various philanthropic activities.
In 1838 the Tawells returned finally to London. Mary, who had been suffering from tuberculosis, died by the end of the year. Tawell had employed a nurse, Sarah Lawrence, who later changed their name to Sarah Hart, to look after Mary. Despite having remarried, they began an affair with Hart. This secret relationship with Sarah Hart bore two children, and Tawell installed all three in a cottage in Salt Hill, outside Slough where they paid £1 per week to maintain them.
By 1844, Tawell was having severe financial problems. They bought two bottles of Scheele's prussic acid, a treatment for varicose veins containing hydrogen cyanide, and on 1 January 1845 travelled to Salt Hill, where they poisoned Sarah while sharing a beer in their cottage. They were found later that evening.
Arrest by telegraph
A man in distinctive Quaker dark clothing had been observed to leave Sarah's house shortly before they died. Following their trail, the police found that a person answering their description had caught the train at Slough, heading for Paddington Station in London.
The police immediately used the newly installed telegraph to send a message to Paddington, giving the particulars, and desiring their capture. "He is in the garb of a kwaker," ran the message, "with a brown coat on, which reaches nearly to their feet." There was no "Q" in the alphabet of the two-needle instrument, and the clerk at Slough therefore spelt the word "Quaker" with a "kwa". "Kwaker" was eventually understood, but only after several requests to repeat.
When the train reached Paddington, the man (who was in fact Tawell) was followed from the platform by a sergeant of the railway police, William Williams, who had put on a long civilian overcoat. Williams followed them onto a New Road omnibus where Tawell mistook them for the conductor and gave them 6d for the fare. Tawell then went to a coffee tavern and later to a lodging house, all the while with Williams following. Williams came back the following morning with Inspector Wiggins of the Metropolitan Police and they eventually arrested Tawell in a nearby coffee house.
At Tawell's trial, their murky past history was revealed. Their defence was handled by Sir Fitzroy Kelly, who tried to make a case that the prussic acid that killed Sarah Hart was ingested accidentally, from eating the pips of apples (a large barrel of apples was in the house). The implausibility of this argument led the distinguished barrister to be known as "Apple-pip" Kelly for the rest of their life. Tawell themselves also tried to convince the jury that Sarah had poisoned herself.
Tawell was nevertheless convicted at Aylesbury Courthouse, and was hanged in public on 28 March 1845 in the Market Square at Aylesbury with huge crowds watching. A written confession was handed to the gaoler, but never publicly released, leading to various unconfirmed rumours as to their guilt or innocence.
Legacy
The notoriety of the case brought the remarkable qualities of the telegraph to the public's attention. Its advantages as a rapid means of conveying intelligence and detecting criminals had been signally demonstrated, and it was soon adopted on a more extensive scale. Tawell's case was also significant as the first known homicide case where the criminal attempted to flee the scene of the crime by a railway train, and it was also one of the first cases in which prussic acid was used for a deliberate homicide.
The telegraph transmitter and receiver used to apprehend Tawell are preserved in the Science Museum, London.
See also
List of convicts transported to Australia
References
Bibliography
Nigel Wier, The Railway Police, AuthorHouse, 2011
Carol Baxter, The Peculiar Case of the Electric Constable, Oneworld, London, 2013
Jill Buckland, Mort's Cottage 1838-1988, Kangaroo Press, Kenthurst NSW, 1988.
External links
Tawell the Quaker — Glimpses into the 19th Century Broadside Ballad Trade
1784 births
1845 deaths
Poisoners
Convicts transported to Australia
English people convicted of murder
English Quakers
People convicted of murder by England and Wales
19th-century executions by England and Wales
Executed English people
People executed for murder
Executed Australian people
1845 murders in the United Kingdom
The Gourock Times was a weekly newspaper published in the west of Scotland town of Gourock from 1915 to 1980. A complete archive of the newspaper is available at the Watt Library in Greenock.
Wartime scoop
The Gourock Times of 6 September 1940 broke the story about the child evacuee ship being torpedoed, and the rescued children from the ship being safely brought to port on the Clyde. HMS Sabre (H18) was one of the destroyers rescuing evacuated children from SS Volendam, between 30 August - 1 September 1940. They were in an outward bound convoy OB 205 for Canada, carrying 879 passengers and 273 crew members. This included 320 children with their escorts under the Children's Overseas Reception Board scheme some as young as five, together with 286 other passengers. They were taken to various west coast ports in Scotland.
References
External links
National Library of Scotland, The Gourock Times entry at the National Library of Scotland
Reference to Gourock Times, 1946
Watt Library Gourock
Newspapers published in Scotland
Defunct newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Publications established in 1915
Publications disestablished in 1980
1915 establishments in Scotland
La Femme spectacle is a film directed by Claude Lelouch in 1964.
Synopsis
The film is an essay regarding the "female object".
Details
Director: Claude Lelouch
Music:
Length : 100 minutes
Release date: 1964
Starring
Jean Yanne
Gérard Sire
External links
French films
1964 films
Films directed by Claude Lelouch
1960s French films
Harpyia milhauseri, the tawny prominent, is a moth of the family Notodontidae. The species was first described by Johan Christian Fabricius in 1775. It is mainly found in central Europe.
The wingspan is 40–52 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Quercus, Fagus and occasionally Betula.
External links
Fauna Europaea
Lepiforum e.V.
Notodontidae
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Parliamentary elections were held in Guinea on 11 June 1995. The first multi-party elections for the National Assembly since independence, they saw 21 parties field 846 candidates for the 114 seats, divided between 38 single-member constituencies and 76 based on proportional representation, although they were boycotted by the Union of Democratic Forces. The result was a victory for the Unity and Progress Party, which won 71 of the 114 seats. Voter turnout was 61.9%.
Results
References
Elections in Guinea
Guinea
1995 in Guinea
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Murray County is a county located in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 39,628. The county seat is Chatsworth.
Murray County is part of the Dalton, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Chattanooga-Cleveland-Dalton, TN-GA-AL Combined Statistical Area.
History
In December, 1832 the Georgia General Assembly designated the extreme northwestern corner of the state as Murray County. Formerly part of Cherokee County, the area was named for a distinguished Georgia statesman from Lincoln County, Mr. Thomas W. Murray, a former speaker of the Georgia House. Within a short time the legislature found the county was too large to administer properly as the population grew, for the county then included what is now Dade, Walker, Catoosa, Whitfield, Murray, Gordon and parts of Bartow and Chatooga Counties, so further division became necessary. Within two decades, Murray County came to be of land with Spring Place as its county seat until the railroad was built through Chatsworth. With Chatsworth more accessible, the county seat was moved there.
Cherokees
The area was in the heart of the Cherokee Nation at the time the boundary lines were drawn through the territory. Not until after the Cherokees were removed in 1838–39 did white settlers enter the county in large numbers. Spring Place had been established in 1801 as a Moravian mission to the Cherokee and had been a post office since 1810 – the second oldest in North Georgia. After the Cherokee removal, the Moravians relocated with the tribe in what is now Oklahoma to establish New Springplace near the town of Oaks, Oklahoma. Sometime during the late 19th century, James B. Brackett donated the land upon which the Brackett Indian School was built. The school did not always function as a segregated Indian school. At one point in its previously integrated history it was referred to as the Lone Cherry School.
The Bracketts were a notable Eastern Cherokee family that lived along Brackett's Ridges, amongst several other American Indian families, several of which were also Eastern Cherokee. Most of the Bracketts were forced to leave Georgia during the Trail of Tears earlier in the 19th century; however, some of them returned to Georgia several years later. James Brackett's brother Adam Brackett, along with several other siblings show up on the Dawes Rolls as being enrolled members of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma.
Civil War
At the outbreak of the American Civil War, Murray County had no industry and very little wealth. When Georgia seceded from the Union, hundreds of men and boys from Murray enlisted in the Confederate Army. The following units were from Murray County:
3rd Battalion, Georgia Infantry, Company B, Spring Place Volunteers
11th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company C, Murray Rifle Company
22nd Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company D
37th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company A
39th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company A, Cohutta Rangers
39th Regiment, Georgia Infantry, Company B
19th State Troops – Capt. John Oats Company
In 1864, two skirmishes between Union and Confederate soldiers took place just to the west of Spring Place, one of which took place on June 25, 1864, with the 8th Michigan Cavalry US. The First Tennessee Cavalry CS also skirmished about 5 miles north of Spring Place on April 19, 1864. Another skirmish took place near Westfield late during the night of August 22, 1864. Captain Woody of the Murray County Home Guard was reported wounded.
On February 27, 1865, and April 20, 1865, there was a skirmish at Spring Place between Confederates and the 145th Indiana Infantry US. This was followed by a skirmish on Holly Creek on March 1, 1865. By 1865 Spring Place was known as an area occupied by Confederate Guerrillas. During March 20–22, 1865 Union soldiers made an attempt to suppress this activity.
Railroad
In 1906, after two earlier attempts at building a railroad in Murray County had failed, the Louisville and Nashville line was built to run north to south through the entire length of the county. Murray grew, with new towns developing along the railroad. One of these new towns was named Chatsworth. With the new railroad line in place, timber could be shipped out of the mountains, and talc deposits, discovered in the 1870s, was able to be mined and the ore shipped throughout the country.
The old county seat of Spring Place was bypassed by the railroad. Some Murray Countians began an effort to move the county seat to the more central and accessible railroad town of Chatsworth. Much dissention was caused by this effort. A county-wide referendum was held on the matter in 1912, which resulted in Chatsworth being named as the seat of local government, where it remains to present day.
Into the twentieth century, Murray remained predominantly agricultural. Shortly after World War II the textile industry, prevalent in neighboring Whitfield County, began to move into Murray. Today, the carpet industry is the predominant employer in Murray County.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
The majority of Murray County is located in the Conasauga River sub-basin in the ACT River Basin (Coosa-Tallapoosa River Basin), and the southeastern corner of the county is located in the Coosawattee River sub-basin of the same larger ACT River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 76
U.S. Route 411
State Route 2
State Route 52
State Route 52 Alternate
State Route 61
State Route 136
State Route 225
State Route 282
State Route 286
Adjacent counties
Polk County, Tennessee (northeast)
Fannin County (east-northeast)
Gilmer County (east)
Gordon County (south)
Whitfield County (west)
Bradley County, Tennessee (northwest)
National protected area
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 36,506 people, 13,286 households, and 10,256 families living in the county. The population density was 41/km2 (106/mi2). There were 14,320 housing units at an average density of 16/km2 (42/mi2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.30% White, 0.62% Black or African American, 0.29% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 2.64% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. 5.49% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 13,286 households, out of which 39.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.80% were married couples living together, 11.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 22.80% were non-families. 18.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.73 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.00% under the age of 18, 9.50% from 18 to 24, 33.00% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 8.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 99.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,996, and the median income for a family was $42,155. Males had a median income of $29,812 versus $23,035 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,230. About 9.20% of families and 12.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.90% of those under age 18 and 19.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 39,628 people, 14,080 households, and 10,677 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 15,979 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 89.1% white, 0.6% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 7.9% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 13.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 40.1% were American, 8.8% were Irish, 7.8% were English, and 5.0% were German.
Of the 14,080 households, 39.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.6% were married couples living together, 12.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.2% were non-families, and 19.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.80 and the average family size was 3.20. The median age was 36.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,226 and the median income for a family was $45,420. Males had a median income of $33,543 versus $27,797 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,925. About 14.3% of families and 17.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 12.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 39,973 people, 14,385 households, and 10,557 families residing in the county.
Attractions
The Chief Vann House Historic Site at Spring Place. Constructed in 1805 for James Vann, a Cherokee chief, the two-story red brick home was built alongside the Federal Road, a major early path in northwest Georgia.
Fort Mountain State Park. A park in the Cohutta Mountains.
Another major asset is the Chattahoochee National Forest, which occupies a large portion of northeastern Murray County. Within the forest is the Cohutta Wilderness Area, a roadless, mountainous landscape featuring several of Georgia's premier backpacking trails.
Carters Lake, on the Coosawatee River, was formed by the Carter Dam, which is the largest earth-rock dam east of the Mississippi. The lake attracts fishermen, boaters and campers.
Lake Conasauga located near the summit of Grassy Mountain was built by the Civilian Conservation Corps in 1940 and is the highest lake in Georgia at above sea level.
Communities
City
Chatsworth (county seat)
Town
Eton
Unincorporated communities
Carters
Cisco
Crandall (incorporated until 1995)
Ramhurst
Spring Place
Sumac
Tennga
Media
Murray County, Georgia has been featured in an Independent Lens series documenting bullying.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Murray County, Georgia
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20100207163414/http://murraycountychamber.org/history2.htm
https://web.archive.org/web/20080807015831/http://www.ourchatsworth.com/
http://www.murraycountymuseum.com
http://www.chatsworthtimes.com
Murray County Genealogy & History
Murray County Website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1832 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1832
Dalton metropolitan area, Georgia
Northwest Georgia (U.S.)
Counties of Appalachia
In a certain tradition, the journeyman years () are a time of travel for several years after completing apprenticeship as a craftsman. The tradition dates back to medieval times and is still alive in France, Scandinavia and the German-speaking countries. Normally three years and one day is the minimum period of journeyman/woman. Crafts include roofing, metalworking, woodcarving, carpentry and joinery, and even millinery and musical instrument making/organ building.
In the Middle Ages and Renaissance, when the guild system still controlled professions in the visual arts, the wanderjahre was taken by painters, mason-architects and goldsmiths, and was highly important for the transmission of artistic style around Europe. The development of late modern nations and their borders within Europe did not have much effect until the 19th century.
Historic roots
In medieval times the apprentice was bound to their master for a number of years. They lived with the master as a member of the household, receiving most or all of their compensation in the form of food and lodging; in Germany an apprentice normally had to pay a fee (German: Lehrgeld) for their apprenticeship. After the years of apprenticeship (Lehrjahre) the apprentice was absolved from their obligations (this absolution was known as a Freisprechung). The guilds, however, would not allow a young craftsman without experience to be promoted to master—they could only choose to be employed, but many chose instead to roam about.
Until craftsmen became masters, they would only be paid by the day (the French word journée refers to the time span of a day). In parts of Europe, such as in later medieval Germany, spending time as a journeyman (Geselle), moving from one town to another to gain experience of different workshops, became an important part of the training of an aspirant master. Carpenters in Germany have retained the tradition of travelling journeymen even today, although only a small minority still practice it.
In the Middle Ages, the number of years spent journeying differed according to the craft. Only after half of the required journeyman years (Wanderjahre) would the craftsman register with a guild for the right to be an apprentice master. After completing the journeyman years, they would settle in a workshop of the guild and after toughing it out for several more years (Mutjahre), they would be allowed to produce a "masterpiece" (German: Meisterstück) and to present it to the guild. With their consent they would be promoted to guild master and as such be allowed to open their own guild workshop in town.
The development of social-contract theories resulted in a system of subscriptions and certificates. When arriving in a new town the journeyman would be pointed to a survey master (Umschaumeister) or to a survey companion (Umschaugeselle). They would be given a list of workshops to present themselves to find work (Umschau literally means "look-around"). When not succeeding the journeyman would be given a small amount of money (Zehrgeld) - enough to sustain their travel to the next town. Otherwise they would get a place in a guild shelter (Gesellenherberge). Their name would be added to the guild chest (Zunftlade) along with a declaration of how long they would be bound to the master, usually for half a year. Both sides could recall that subscription (Einschreibung) at any time. The subscription of a new companion commonly became the occasion of a big carousal among the other bound journeymen in town.
When leaving the town the guild would hand over a certificate (Kundschaft) telling of the work achievements along with asserting the journeyman's proper conduct and the orderly ending of the subscription. It was hard to find a new subscription in the next town without it, but in reality, masters did often complain about journeymen running away. Many guild shelters had a black board telling the names of such absconders - along with the debts they had left behind. The certificates were hand-written until about 1730, when printed forms evolved with places to fill in details. By about 1770 the forms started to carry a copperplate print of the cityscape. The certificates were often large and unhandy, so that smaller travelling books replaced them by about 1820. This practice coincided with the establishment of modern police in Europe after the coalition wars (1803-1815) against Napoleon. The guild chest was replaced by state offices to keep registers. In some places the guilds were even banned from maintaining registers.
Sociologically, one may see the Wanderjahre as recapitulating a nomadic phase of human societal development.
See also Rumspringa.
Germany
The tradition of the journeyman years (auf der Walz sein) persisted well into the 1920s in German-speaking countries, but was set back by multiple events like Nazis allegedly banning the tradition, the postwar German economic boom making it seem too much of a burden, and in East Germany the lack of opportunities for work in an economic system based on Volkseigener Betrieb. Beginning in the late 1980s, renewed interest in tradition in general together with economic changes (especially after the fall of the Berlin Wall) have caused the tradition to gain wider acceptance. The tradition was brought back to life mostly unchanged from the medieval concept since the journeyman brotherhoods (Schächte) never ceased to exist. (including a Confederation of European Journeymen Associations).
The journeyman brotherhoods had established a standard to ensure that wandering journeymen are not mistaken for tramps and vagabonds. The journeyman is required to be unmarried, childless and debt-free—so that the journeyman years will not be taken as a chance to run away from social obligations. In modern times the brotherhoods often require a police clearance. Additionally, journeymen are required to wear a specific uniform (Kluft) and to present themselves in a clean and friendly manner in public. This helps them to find shelter for the night and a ride to the next town.
A travelling book (Wanderbuch) was given to the journeyman and in each new town, they would go to the town office asking for a stamp. This qualifies both as a record of their journey and also replaces the residence registration that would otherwise be required. In contemporary brotherhoods, the "Walz" is required to last at least three years and one day (sometimes two years and one day). During the journeyman years the wanderer is not allowed to return within a perimeter of 50 km of their home town, except in specific emergency situations, such as the impending death of an immediate relative (parents and siblings).
At the beginning of the journey, the wanderer takes only a small, fixed sum of money with them (exactly five Deutsche Marks was common, now five Euros); at its end, they should come home with exactly the same sum of money in their pocket. Thus, they are supposed neither to squander money nor to store up any riches during the journey, which should be undertaken only for the experience.
There are secret signs, such as specific, involved handshakes, that German carpenters traditionally use to identify each other. They are taught to the beginning journeyman before they leaf. This is another traditional method to protect the trade against impostors. While less necessary in an age of telephones, identity cards and official diplomas, the signs are still retained as a tradition. Teaching them to anybody who has not successfully completed a carpenter apprenticeship is still considered very wrong, even though it is no longer a punishable crime today.
As of 2005, there were 600 to 800 journeymen "on the Walz", either associated with a brotherhood or running free. While the great majority are still male, young women are no longer unheard of on the Walz today.
Journeyman uniform in Germany
Journeymen can be easily recognised on the street by their clothing. The carpenter's black hat has a broad brim; some professions use a black stovepipe hat or a cocked hat. The carpenters wear black bell-bottoms and a waistcoat and carry the Stenz, which is a traditional curled hiking pole. Since many professions have since converted to the uniform of the carpenters, many people in Germany believe that only carpenters go journeying, which is untrue – since the carpenter's uniform is best known and well received, it simply eases the journey.
The uniform is completed with a golden earring and golden bracelets—which could be sold in hard times and in the Middle Ages could be used to pay the gravedigger if any wanderer should die on their journey. The journeyman carried their belongings in a leather backpack called the Felleisen, but some medieval towns, Charlottenburg probably having been the first and there, in particular, the temporary homes dedicated to house journeymen, banned those (for the fleas in them) so that most journeyman started to make use of a coarse cloth thus called Charlottenburger (abbreviated to "Charlie") to wrap up their belongings.
Reception in society
While the institution of the journeyman years is original to craftsmen, the concept has spread to other professions. As such, a priest could set out on an extended journey to do research in the libraries of monasteries across Europe and gain wider knowledge and experience.
The traveler books or Wanderbücher are an important research source that show migration paths in the early period of industrialisation in Europe. Journeymen's paths often show boundaries of language and religion that hindered travel of craftsmen "on the Walz".
Journeyman years in the arts
The Australian song "Waltzing Matilda" is based on the journeyman's "Walz".
There are many wanderer songs based on the "Walz" experience.
Gustav Mahler composed Songs of a wandering apprentice
Goethe's novel Wilhelm Meisters Wanderjahre (Wilhelm Meister's Journeyman Years)
Schubert's song cycle "Die Schöne Müllerin" is about an apprentice miller and how they fared at a mill where they stay to work and falls in love with the miller's daughter.
Reinhard Mey's song "Drei Jahre und ein Tag" is about the wandering of the Journeyman years.
Well-known journeymen
The following people are known to have completed the traditional journeyman years:
August Bebel (turner) – founder of the Social Democratic Party of Germany
Jakob Böhme (shoemaker) – mystic and Christian philosopher
Albrecht Dürer (painter) – German copperplate engraver and painter, later famous artist
Friedrich Ebert (saddlemaker) – first president of the Weimar Republic
Adam Opel (mechanic) – maker of sewing machines and bicycles. In the following generation their firm became known for car making
Wilhelm Pieck (carpenter) – first president of the GDR
See also
Association of Journeymen
Gap year
References
External links
Sabine Barnhartr Auf der Walz (article)
The Wander-Buch of Wilibald Koch
Economic history of Europe
Traditions
Rites of passage
Dominique Barberat (born 8 October 1958) is a French former professional footballer. Throughout their career, they played in various positions; they were a forward, winger, defensive midfielder, and full-back.
Club career
Barberat began their career at SSV Châtenay-Malabry. They joined Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) in 1975, initially to play for the reserve side of the club. They would eventually make four Division 1 appearances for the club in the second half of the 1975–76 season, notably scoring one goal against Lyon on 11 May 1976. However, due to conflicts with the PSG manager Velibor Vasović, they returned to the reserves, where they would eventually become top scorer in the 1976–77 season. In 1977, Barberat had to undergo a knee operation. Later that year, they joined newly-promoted Division 1 club Rouen after having put in a transfer request.
In 1979, after two seasons at Rouen, the first of which resulted in relegation to the Division 2, Barberat joined Division 3 side Châtellerault. After merely a season there, they joined Quimper, who were playing in the Division 2. In 1983, they joined Alès. Their former club PSG notably tried to bring them back to the club during their spell at the club; however, the transfer fell through. Barberat would continue their career at Cannes in 1986, where they would notably score the decisive goal for promotion to the Division 1 in a 2–0 win over Sochaux on 13 June 1987. They joined Istres in 1989, their final club before retiring in 1991.
International career
Barberat was a youth international for France. Due to a knee operation in 1977, they were unable to play at the FIFA World Youth Championship in Tunisia.
Player profile
Across their career, Barberat played in several different positions. Although Pierre Alonzo, former head of the youth academy at PSG, placed them in defense, they began their career as a forward. They had a play style similar to the one of Gerd Müller, according to himself, before being converted to a winger. They initially played on the right, and then on the left afterwards, as they were a good player with both feet. Later, they were converted to a defensive midfielder, where they were able to "start a new career", notably at Alès. Barberat had a "good technical base", according to himself. They also played as a full-back during their career.
After football
After retiring from football, Barberat became a real estate agent. They worked in this job from 1991 to 1998. In 1998, they became a football agent, managing the Grasse-based company SARL B.D. Sports & Consulting. The company is based in France but also operates in England and Italy.
Notes
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Footballers from Hauts-de-Seine
Association football utility players
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Association football midfielders
Association football fullbacks
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
FC Rouen players
SO Châtellerault players
Quimper Kerfeunteun F.C. players
Olympique Alès players
AS Cannes players
FC Istres players
Ligue 1 players
French Division 3 (1971–1993) players
Ligue 2 players
French footballers
Plecoptera uniformis is a species of moth of the family Erebidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in India.
References
Moths of Asia
Anobinae
Ghosts V: Together is the tenth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine-Inch Nails. It was released as a free download on March 26, 2020, as a show of solidarity with the band's fans during the COVID-19 pandemic. It is a follow-up to the 2008 instrumental album Ghosts I–IV, and released simultaneously with their eleventh album, Ghosts VI: Locusts.
Background
In 2019, after releasing their eighth soundtrack to the film Bird Box, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross completed a subsequent score for The Woman in the Window; however, when the production studio decided to re-edit the film after test screenings, Reznor and Ross' score was withdrawn. When evoking the project, Reznor admitted, “It's frustrating when you did that much work and it's gone. And we were proud—and they were proud—of the movie that it was.”
In March 2020, following two subsequent 2019 soundtracks Watchmen and Waves, Reznor announced two unexpected releases, Ghosts V: Together and Ghosts VI: Locusts, for free download through the official Nine Inch Nails website, YouTube channel, and streaming platforms: "Hours and hours of music. Free. Some of it kind of happy, some not so much." The band's website added, "As the news seems to turn ever more grim by the hour, we've found ourselves vacillating wildly between feeling like there may be hope at times to utter despair—often changing minute to minute. Although each of us define ourselves as antisocial-types who prefer being on our own, this situation has really made us appreciate the power and need for CONNECTION."
Critical reception
Ghosts V: Together received acclaim from music critics, with an average rating of 81 out of 100 based on eleven reviews on Metacritic. James McMahon of NME referred to "more soothing than balm," and "a soundtrack to an edit of 2001: A Space Odyssey where no-one dies." Rolling Stones Kory Grow thought that Ghosts V and Ghosts VI "felt like distinct artistic statements unlike the first Ghosts collection." Grow also remarked that Ghosts V was "spacious with gentle buzzing, humming, and exhaling drones that slowly evolve, complementing often pretty piano music." Sean T. Collins of Pitchfork considered the record as "solidly the stronger of the two", noting that "throughout, there's a vibe of quiet optimism".
For Jon Pareles of The New York Times, "the more approachable of the two albums," Ghosts V is "largely meditative, circling through melodic patterns and touching down in consonance. The music is not entirely soothing [...] but it hints at some possibility of confluence, stability and eventual resolution." The album "has prettier, warmer ingredients [...], serenely elegiac piano melodies, counterpoint in plinking bell tones and choirs of sampled voices."
Spin critic John Paul Bullock described both records as "heady, confrontational albums that, like the best art, force consideration and conversation" while noting them to be "definitely not a polite distraction from what's going on in the world outside of your home." Bullock further thought that the tracks on Ghosts V are "big, bold, dynamic, and show a particular mastery of modular synthesis" and various influences on the record do not "overshadow the originality of Reznor and Ross's sound." Sputnikmusic critic Simon regarded Ghosts V as "more organic and acoustic sounding" than Ghosts VI, and remarked that the record "features a calmer, at times relaxed sound, yet you can feel tension slowly mounting around you." Neil Z. Yeung made a similar comparison in the review for AllMusic, claiming the album is "the warm yang to its partner's darker yin, an atmospheric and soothing work that aims to comfort and offer hope."
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
Nine-Inch Nails albums
2020 albums
Albums produced by Trent Reznor
Albums produced by Atticus Ross
Albums free for download by copyright owner
Self-released albums
Surprise albums
The Null Corporation albums
Albums about the COVID-19 pandemic
Albums impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
In mathematics, especially operator theory, a convexoid operator is a bounded linear operator T on a complex Hilbert space H such that the closure of the numerical range coincides with the convex hull of its spectrum.
An example of such an operator is a normal operator (or some of its generalization).
A closely related operator is a spectraloid operator: an operator whose spectral radius coincides with its numerical radius. In fact, an operator T is convexoid if and only if is spectraloid for every complex number .
See also
Aluthge transform
References
T. Furuta. Certain convexoid operators
Operator theory
George Bean may refer to:
George Bean (cricketer) (1864–1923), English cricketer
George Bean (judge) (1915–1973), British barrister and judge
George Ewart Bean (1903–1977), English archaeologist and writer
George Bean (1805–1869), South Australian business person, see Bean Brothers
George Thomas Bean (1845–1912), South Australian business person, son of the above, see Bean Brothers
The Philadelphia Flyers are a professional ice hockey team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the National Hockey League's (NHL) Eastern Conference. The Flyers were founded in 1967 as one of six expansion teams, increasing the size of the NHL at that time to 12 teams.
As of the 2022 NHL Entry Draft, the Flyers have selected 63 goaltenders and 446 skaters (forwards and defensemen) in the NHL Entry Draft since their first draft in 1967. They selected an additional 3 goaltenders and 7 skaters from 1986 to 1994 in the short-lived NHL Supplemental Draft, which was for selecting collegiate players who were not eligible for the standard Entry Draft. As of the completion of the 2021–22 season, 214 Flyers draft picks have appeared in at least one NHL game.
The Flyers are one of the few teams to have never earned the right to draft first overall by means of having the worst record in the league. Though they had the worst record during the season, they dropped to the second overall pick after the Chicago Blackhawks won the draft lottery. The only time the Flyers have picked first overall was in 1975 when they acquired the pick from the Washington Capitals, trading Bill Clement, Don McLean, and the Flyers first-rounder (18th overall) so they could select Mel Bridgman.
Key
Played at least one game with the Flyers
Spent entire NHL career with the Flyers
() Inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame
() Number retired by the Flyers
Statistics are complete to the end of the 2021–22 NHL season.
Draft picks
Goaltenders
Skaters
See also
1967 NHL Expansion Draft
References
draft picks
Philadelphia Flyers
Vugar is a masculine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Vugar Alakbarov (born 1981), Azerbaijani boxer
Vugar Bayramov (economist) (born 1975), Azerbaijani economist
Vugar Gashimov (born 1986), Azerbaijani chess player
Vugar Mehdiyev (21st century), Azerbaijani Paralympic athlete
Vugar Orujov (born 1971), Russian sport wrestler
Masculine given names
Christian Daniel Mojica Blanco, known as Cauty, is a Puerto Rican reggaeton singer, songwriter, and producer born in Caguas, Puerto Rico, and raised in San Lorenzo.
Career
Cauty garnered fame thanks to songs such as "Lola" "Lloras", and "Ta To Gucci", which received a remix with Darell, Brytiago, Rafa Pabön, Chencho Corleone, and Cosculluela. The song garnered over 100 million views in YouTube. They have collaborated with musicians such as Maximus Wel, Guaynaa, Jowell & Randy, Farruko, and Ñejo.
Cauty was inspired by Don Omar, Farruko, Arcángel, Daddy Yankee, Héctor el Father and Héctor Lavoe. They have also preferred not to talk about themes like drugs or crime, and has stated they make music to "hang out".
Cauty's fame rose to an all-time high on August 11, 2022 after a publicity stunt they held in a local gas station in the Baldrich neighborhood in Hato Rey in which they gave gasoline at 25.7 cents per liter for regular gas, and 45.7 cents per liter for premium gas.
References
Living people
Puerto Rican reggaeton musicians
21st-century Puerto Rican male musicians
People from Caguas, Puerto Rico
People from San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Colonial Prisoners Removal Act 1884 is an act of the British Parliament whereby prisoners in British colonies may be transferred to the United Kingdom to serve their sentence. The legislation was used as recently as May 2020 when a man convicted of robbery in the Cayman Islands and in prison there, was transported to prison in the UK.
References
Law of the United Kingdom
1884 in the United Kingdom
Caymanian law
June 2017 events in the United Kingdom
Timothy Lawrence Cutler (born 23 March 1982), is an Australian born Hong Kong cricket player and administrator.  They are a right-hand bat as well as slow left-arm orthodox who had played cricket for the Hong Kong Cricket Club in the Hong Kong domestic cricket competitions.  They are the founder of Emerging Cricket which they established in late 2018.
Career
Cutler initially pursued their career in marine insurance straightaway after finishing their high school education. They moved to Hong Kong in 2013 after spending a brief period of time in marine insurance in Brisbane.
Cutler was named as the first CEO of Hong Kong Cricket Association in 2014 but it took a long process before being appointed to the position in May 2015, tasked with making Hong Kong cricket a shining light among the associates and building bridges with the government as well as the International Cricket Council. They served as CEO of Hong Kong Cricket Association from 2015 to 2017 and during their tenure Hong Kong T20 Blitz was launched. They resigned from the position of Hong Cricket CEO in April 2017.
In late 2018, Cutler formed a WhatsApp group chat with Daniel Beswick and Nick Skinner regarding develop the sport of cricket to other parts of the world and launched the Emerging Cricket platform.
In March 2021, they were appointed as the CEO of Vanuatu Cricket Association replacing Shane Deitz and they are expected to commence their term as CEO from mid-April 2021.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
People from Sydney
Hong Kong cricket administrators
Jean-Armel Kana-Biyik (born 3 July 1989) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender. Born in France, they represented Cameroon at international level.
Club career
Kana-Biyik began their career at Le Havre in 2005 and was promoted to the first team in 2008, they made their debut on 22 February 2008 against Dijon in Ligue 2. On 21 June 2010, Kana-Biyik signed a four-year-deal with Rennes. They joined Toulouse on 10 January 2015 on a two and a half year contract.
In August 2016, Kana-Biyik left Toulouse to join Süper Lig side Kayserispor. Kana-Biyik had made over 150 Ligue 1 appearances before moving to Turkey.
In July 2019, Kana-Biyik joined Gazişehir Gaziantep. In January 2022, they signed for their hometown club Metz.
International career
Kana-Biyik was a former member of the France under-21 team. In 2012 decided to play for Cameroon at senior level. They retired from international duty with Cameroon in September 2019, having made 6 appearances.
Personal life
 They are the son of André Kana-Biyik.
Honours
Le Havre
Ligue 2: 2007–08
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Metz
Association football defenders
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
French footballers
French sportspeople of Cameroonian descent
Citizens of Cameroon through descent
France under-21 international footballers
Le Havre AC players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Toulouse FC players
Kayserispor footballers
FC Metz players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Süper Lig players
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
2019 Africa Cup of Nations players
French expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
French expatriate footballers
Roger Sidney Wilson (born September 18, 1946) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player. After ten years of minor league play, they briefly played for the Chicago Black Hawks of the NHL in 1975.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Chicago Blackhawks players
Greensboro Generals (EHL) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Greater Sudbury
Carson Raymond Smith (January 9, 1931, San Francisco – November 2, 1997, Las Vegas) was an American jazz double-bassist. Carson is the older brother of jazz musician and composer Putter Smith.
Smith's early work was in West Coast jazz, playing with Gerry Mulligan (1952–53), Chet Baker (1953–55), Russ Freeman (1955–56), and Chico Hamilton (1955–57). Smith also recorded with Clifford Brown (1954), Dick Twardzik (1954), and Billie Holiday at Carnegie Hall (1956). In 1959, they toured with Stan Kenton, then recorded with Charlie Barnet in 1960. In 1962, they moved to Los Angeles, playing with Charlie Teagarden (1962) and Lionel Hampton (1963). They toured Japan with Georgie Auld in 1964. Later in the 1960s, they played with Buddy Rich, Arno Marsh, and Carl Fontana. They held a longtime residency at the Four Queens Hotel in Las Vegas, where they accompanied visiting musicians such as Art Farmer, Lew Tabackin, Zoot Sims, and Chet Baker.
They died of cancer in Las Vegas at the age of 66.
Discography
As sideman
With Chet Baker
Sings and Plays with Bud Shank, Russ Freeman and Strings (Pacific Jazz, 1955)
Chet Baker Sings (Pacific Jazz, 1956)
The Trumpet Artistry of Chet Baker (Pacific Jazz, 1955)
Jazz at Ann Arbor (Pacific Jazz, 1955)
With Chico Hamilton
Chico Hamilton Quintet (Pacific Jazz, 1955)
Chico Hamilton Quintet in Hi-Fi (Pacific Jazz, 1956)
Sweet Smell of Success (Brunswick, 1957)
Ellington Suite (World Pacific, 1959)
The Original Chico Hamilton Quintet (World Pacific, 1960)
Spectacular! (World Pacific Jazz, 1968)
With others
Clifford Brown, Jazz Immortal (Pacific Jazz, 1960)
Lionel Hampton & Charlie Teagarden, The Great Hamp and Little T (Coral, 1963)
Fred Katz, Zen: The Music of Fred Katz (Pacific Jazz, 1957)
Dick Marx, Marx Makes Broadway (Omega Disk, 1958)
Gerry Mulligan, Gerry Mulligan Quartet (Pacific Jazz, 1955)
Gerry Mulligan, Mulligan and Baker! (Jazztone, 1957)
Jack Montrose Presents Bob Gordon Quintet, Clifford Brown Ensemble, Arranged by Montrose (Pacific Jazz, 1956)
Buddy Rich, Swingin' New Big Band (Pacific Jazz, 1966)
Dick Twardzik, The Last Set (Pacific Jazz, 1962)
Tommy Vig, The Tommy Vig Orchestra (Take V, 1965)
References
1931 births
1997 deaths
American jazz double-bassists
Male double-bassists
Jazz musicians from San Francisco
20th-century American musicians
20th-century double-bassists
20th-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
"Crystallize" is a song by American violinist Lindsey Stirling from their self-titled studio album Lindsey Stirling. The song was released as a music video on YouTube on February 23, 2012. The video had more than 42 million views at the end of the year, and was the eighth-most watched video of 2012. The song became Stirling's album's lead single due to its success. The song appeared on three Billboard charts and, according to Nielsen SoundScan, by April 2013 it had reached 234,000 digital sales. On February 4, 2014, almost two years after the release of the video, "Crystallize" earned Stirling's first RIAA certified gold record by selling 500,000 copies in the United States. At the end of 2013, "Crystallize" finished first on the year-end Billboard Classical Digital Songs chart. On July 27, 2014, the official music video reached 100 million views, being Stirling's first YouTube video to do so.
Meaning
Speaking with Artistdirect, Stirling explained the background to the song: "It has a pretty deep meaning," they said. "Basically, it's about creating inner beauty in yourself first. It all comes back to research being done by a scientist (Dr. Masaru Emoto) who studied the crystallization of water."
"Basically, he'd test out water and look at it at a magnified level as it crystallized in different environments," Stirling continued. "If it was in positive environments where good things were being spoken to it, the crystals came out beautiful. Whereas if negative things were said to these little vials of water, these crystals were these jagged shapes that were meaningless."
"When we surround ourselves eternally with positivity and we create healthy and positive environments and we do good things for people and ourselves, we're made up of 70 percent water so the crystals in your body create actual literal inner beauty," Stirling added. "That's what 'Crystallize' is about. It's about taking control of your environment, creating beauty within yourself, and therefore creating beauty outside. I know that's pretty deep, but that's what it's about."
Music video
The music video was filmed at the ice castles of Silverthorne, Colorado. It was co-directed by Lindsey Stirling themselves and Devin Graham, with Graham as the videographer. It had over 42 million views at the end of 2012, and it reached number 8 on the list of the most-watched YouTube videos of that year. Since "Crystallize" was released, Stirling's popularity has increased considerably and it is the 2nd most-watched video on their YouTube channel with over 239 million views, behind Roundtable Rival which has more than 280 million views, both as of December 2020.
Charts and certifications
The song was a success worldwide, especially in the United States; on the Classical Digital Songs chart it held the number one spot for 39 non-consecutive weeks and, until March 8, 2014, it had been on the chart for 75 weeks. Crystallize was also a moderate hit in Europe as it entered the Top 40 category in four European countries: Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Bulgaria.
Charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 debut singles
2012 songs
Lindsey Stirling songs
Songs written by Lindsey Stirling
Jerry Tersoff is a Research Staff Member at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center. Their work spans diverse topics in the theoretical understanding of surfaces, interfaces, electronic materials, epitaxial growth, and nanoscale devices. Throughout their career, their work has emphasized the use of simple models to understand complex behavior.
Awards and honors
1988 Peter Mark Memorial award "For innovative approaches to the theoretical understanding of the electronic structure, properties, and measurement of surfaces and interfaces."
1996 MRS Medal "For seminal contributions to the theory of strain relaxation in thin films."
1997 Davisson–Germer Prize in Atomic or Surface Physics "For insightful, creative theoretical descriptions of surface phenomenology; particularly of crystal growth dynamics, surface structures and their probes."
2007 Medard W. Welch Award "For seminal theoretical contributions to the understanding of surfaces, interfaces, thin films and nanostructures of electronic materials."
2018 National Academy of Engineering "For theoretical contributions to the engineering science of materials growth and modeling, nanoscale electronic devices, and semiconductor interfaces."
2019 Materials Research Society Von Hippel Award "For advancing the understanding of low-dimensional and nanoscale electronic materials, surfaces and interfaces, through elegant theoretical models that highlight the essential physics controlling growth, structure and electronic properties."
See also
Bond order potential
References
21st-century American physicists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Tamsin West (born 7 March 1974) is an Australian child actor and singer. They made their film debut as Jennifer West in Jenny Kissed Me and played Jane Cannon in Frog Dreaming.  They are perhaps best known to television viewers as Linda Twist, a role during the first series in the children's television show Round the Twist. West was the first actor of three to portray the role.
As well as appearing in children's television, West also appeared in Neighbours as Emma Gordon, between 1987 and 1988, and again in 1991, and guested on Blue Heelers. They were in the chorus for the 1992 Jesus Christ Superstar Australian arena production.
West performed the lead vocals on the Round the Twist theme song. This was used for all four series despite the fact that they only appeared as an actor in the first series.
Filmography
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian television actores
Australian child actores
People educated at the Presbyterian Ladies' College, Melbourne
Toltec Butte () is a truncated peak east of Harris Valley in the Shipton Ridge of the Allan Hills, Oates Land. Reconnoitered by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) Allan Hills Expedition (1964) who named the feature for its resemblance to buildings of the civilization of the same name.
Buttes of Antarctica
Landforms of Oates Land
Tindegga Ridge () is a rock ridge immediately southwest of Ytstenut Peak, at the northeast end of the Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Tindegga (the summit ridge).
Ridges of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
KUNI (90.9 MHz) is a radio station owned and operated by the University of Northern Iowa in Cedar Falls. It is one of two NPR outlets for Eastern Iowa; the other being WSUI in Iowa City. KUNI's transmitter is in Walker, Iowa, with its primary signal covering Cedar Falls, Waterloo, Cedar Rapids and Iowa City. KUNI's programming is simulcast on full-power satellites KUNY 91.5 FM and KRNI 1010 AM in Mason City. KUNI also has three low-power FM translators: K233AA (94.5 FM) in Davenport, K237GD (95.3 FM) in Iowa City, and K274AA (102.1 FM) in Eldridge.
Programming is mostly NPR news and talk, with some KUNI produced music programs in the evenings and on weekends. It is now a part of Iowa Public Radio, operating with the other two public radio station clusters at the University of Iowa and Iowa State University. It is the flagship of IPR's "News and Studio One" service, which combines NPR news and talk programming with an extension of the "Live from Studio One" AAA program that aired on KUNI for years before the creation of IPR.
Announcer Bob Dorr had been involved with the station since 1972, producing programs of classic rock and roll recordings and live concerts featuring Iowa talent.  They are also a harmonica player and heads the blues band, The Blue Band; which was inducted into the Iowa Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007. Dorr retired from full-time broadcasting in 2009 but plans to produce occasional shows in the future.
References
External links
Iowa Public Radio
Last version of KUNI's independent site
NPR member stations
UNI
University of Northern Iowa
Cedar Falls, Iowa
The Upwelling is a band with roots in the New York City, Washington, D.C., and Boston areas that currently resides in Queens. The band was founded by and originally consisted of brothers Ari and Josh Ingber on guitar and drums respectively. Their self-recorded, self-titled EP achieved the rare feat of finding distribution without being released by a label, partly due to its "Recommended" status by the Virgin Megastore—the first time the retail chain awarded such an honor to an unsigned band or an EP. Without an agency or a label, the band won Karma Production's Ireland tour, a Sonic Bid's contest.
They also drew attention from their peers: In 2005, Third Eye Blind's Stephan Jenkins heard a copy of the band's 2005 EP and began taking the band on the road. The American Rejects heard about the band through a sound-engineer named Teresa Murray, a tour-manager named Shaba, and guitarist John Lamacia, of Candiria. The Rejects invited the band out on their first tour of the U.K. in 2006. During that year, they were also able to advance to the final rounds of Spin Magazine's Band of the Year competition. The band has appeared at the CMJ Music Marathon and SXSW music festivals and played shows with Metric, The Wrens, The Stills, Motion City Soundtrack, Ben Kweller, We Are Scientists, T.I., Daughtry, Mat Kearney, Towers of London, Ambulance LTD., Shiny Toy Guns, All American Rejects, Hoobastank, VHS or Beta, Robbers on High Street, Ace Enders, The Fall, Third Eye Blind, Matt Nathanson, and American Steel.
In September 2007, the band was signed by Tyson Ritter and Mike Kennerty (The American Rejects) to their label, Edmond Records (an imprint in partnership with Doghouse Records and Warner Bros.). The Upwelling's debut CD An American Stranger was released August 25, 2009. Soon after they added Mike "Show Time" Mulieri (Bass) to their lineup.
Discography
The Upwelling EP (2004)
''An American Stranger (2009)
References
The Upwelling's official bio page
Splendid Magazine article
External links
Spin.com "Artist Of The Day"
Loose Record article
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Trioceros ntunte, the Mount Nyiru chameleon or Nyiru montane chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Kenya.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 2005
Reptiles of Kenya
Gunnar S. Overstrom Jr. was a vice chairperson of FleetBoston Financial (now a part of Bank of America) and the former president and chief operating officer of the Shawmut National Corporation. Mr. Overstrom graduated from Babson College in Wellesley, MA. They received an L.L.B. from Suffolk University Law School in Boston, MA in addition to a M.A. in Economics from Trinity College in Hartford, CT.
As a vice chairperson of Fleet, Overstrom was instrumental in building the corporation's asset management portfolio and its brokerage and securities business. They spearheaded the acquisition of Quick and Reilly as well as the purchase of Columbia Asset Management.
As president and chief operating officer of Shawmut National, Overstrom helped lead the company in making over 50 acquisitions and building the company from a $2 billion regional bank to a $35 billion super-regional institution with offices in five states. In 1995, Shawmut National merged with the Fleet Financial Group.
After their work at Fleetboston, Mr. Overstrom joined Shawmut Capital Partners, a venture capital firm based in Boston, Massachusetts. In addition to their role as a partner at Shawmut Capital, Overstrom consulted and invested through their family's firm, Larus & Sons, and served on the boards of a number of public and private institutions.
Mr. Overstrom died on December 6, 2001 while travelling in Chicago. They were survived, among others, by their Wife: Margery Larus Overstrom; and their two sons: Gunnar S Overstrom, III (and their wife, Claudia Taylor Overstrom), and Alexander Edward Cadwell Overstrom.
References
External links
HPSC Inc. (see p. 4)
Fleet buys Merrill unit, CNN Money, November 9, 1998.
Babson College alumni
Suffolk University Law School alumni
2001 deaths
American chief operating officers
Trinity College (Connecticut) alumni
Adebayo Adeleye (born 17 May 2000) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Hapoel Jerusalem.
Club career
In August 2019, Adeleye made their senior debut for Hapoel Jerusalem in a match against Hapoel Rishon LeZion. The following season, they helped their club to promotion to the Israeli Premier League with 19 clean sheets after they finished as runners-up in the Liga Leumit. Following promotion, they made their professional debut in August 2021, keeping a clean sheet in a 0–0 draw with Hapoel Nof HaGalil.
International career
Adeleye was part of the Nigeria U17 in 2017. In June 2022, they received their first call-up to the senior squad.
References
External links
Profile at Israeli FA
2000 births
Nigerian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Nigeria youth international footballers
Liga Leumit players
Israeli Premier League players
Hapoel Jerusalem F.C. players
Nigerian expatriate footballers
Nigerian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Living people
Buotidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. This family contains a single species, Buotus carolinus, which exhibits sexual dimborphism in segment number: the adult female has 28 segments, but the adult male has only 26, both fewer than the 30 usually found in this order (counting the collum as the first segment and the telson as the last).
Genera:
Buotus Chamberlin, 1940
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
Horney Bluff () is a conspicuous ice-free bluff about long, extending eastward along the north side of Byrd Glacier from Merrick Glacier toward Cape Kerr, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Captain Harry R. Horney, Admiral Byrd's chief of staff on U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47.
Cornwell Corner is located at the west end of Horney Bluff and the terminus of Merrick Glacier.
References
Cliffs of Oates Land
Nicholas Kove (born Miklós Klein 1891 in Anarcs, Szabolcs County, Kingdom of Hungary – died 17 March 1958 in London) was a Hungarian-British business person best known for founding the Airfix plastic toy company.
Biography
Their birth name was Klein but they magyarised this to Köves (pronounced "Kurvesh") and subsequently anglicised it to Kove. An energetic and resourceful man, they were a cavalry officer in the Austro-Hungarian army in the First World War but was captured by the Russians. They were interned in a camp near the Korean border but escaped across Siberia with the help of Catholic priests. It took them four months to return home to Anarcs.
After the war they worked as an assistant minister in the short-lived Communist government of Béla Kun. After the fall of the Hungarian Soviet Republic, they emigrated to Algiers in 1922 with their wife Clothilde and baby daughter Margit. In 1934 the family moved to Barcelona where Kove started a plastics factory; at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in August 1936, they fled to Milan. There Kove patented a process for stiffening shirt collars, which they called "Interfix".
In the autumn of 1938, they moved their family from Milan to London, where they established Airfix Products in 1939, originally to manufacture rubber inflated toys. After the Second World War they switched to producing plastic combs, and was the first manufacturer to introduce a plastic injection moulding machine. For a while they were the largest supplier of die-stamped metal belt buckles to the War Office. After an operation for cancer in 1950, they took on Ralph Ehrmann as assistant manager, who together with John Gray persuaded them to move into construction kits.
Death
Shortly after seeing Airfix become a public company in 1957, Kove died at their home at 252 Finchley Road, London, on 17 March 1958, three weeks after the death of their wife.
They had one daughter, Margit, who later renamed to Margaret Elliott. They inherited Kove's estate. A self styled Society hostess both in London and Mallorca, they subsequently lost a significant part of their Airfix wealth investing in Mr. Dennis Lorraine many schemes and the notorious Cadco Pig Farm scheme, a major public scandal in the 60's, as it attracted substantial public funding, and the backing of George Sanders, the film actor. Mrs Elliott was a prolific society hostess. They eventually sold their majority shareholding in Airfix and took up painting in oils.
References
Cadco. {{ }}
Sources
Arthur Ward. Airfix - Celebrating 50 Years of the Greatest Plastic Kits in the World. Collins. 1999.
Arthur Ward The Boys' Book of Airfix
Plastic Warrior - Airfix - The Early Days. 2004. The Birth of Airfix. Paul Reboul.
The Register. Margaret Elliott. The Times. July 22, 2002.
Early Days at Airfix. Constant Scale - The Journal of the Airfix Collectors Club. No. 25 - Vol 7. No. 1 - 2006.
Early Days at Airfix. Update. Constant Scale. No. 29 - Vol 8 No 1 - 2007.
Early Days at Airfix. Further Update. Constant Scale. No. 30 - Vol 8 No.2 - 2007.
http://hansard.millbanksystems.com/commons/1964/dec/01/scotland-cadco-project-glenrothes
1891 births
1958 deaths
Austro-Hungarian Army officers
Hungarian politicians
20th-century British businesspeople
Hungarian Jews
Hungarian refugees
Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers is a supplementary book to the Septimus Heap series by Angie Sage. Released in July 2009, the book is divided into four sections dealing with The Castle, The Palace, The Wizard Tower and the other parts of the Septimus Heap world. It consists of biographies of the main characters, their journals and notes, and other items.
Development
Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers is a supplement to the series, which was published in July 2009 in full colour in a larger format, with illustrations by Mark Zug. During developing the supplementary, Angie Sage said in an interview that they were enjoying the process of developing this guide-book and thinking about the book's structure and all its characters.
Synopsis
The book is divided into four sections. The first section, "Papers from the Castle," opens with a bit of history. It tells about the background of how The Castle developed from a little village and how the Queen came to stay there and the arrival of the ExtraOrdinary Wizard. This is followed by Rupert Gringe's Around-the-Castle Boat Tour programme. Other tours are represented, such as the "Ask Sirius Walking Tour of the Castle and the Ramblings" and Silas Heap's ink-splotched "A Ramble through the Ramblings Walking Tour." After a restaurant guide, the biographies of the main characters start. Never before known facts about Sarah and Silas Heap, Jenna, Mr. and Mrs. Gringe, Marcia Overstrand, ghost Alther Mella, spy Linda Lane and the main protagonist Septimus Heap. One can delve even deeper into these personalities by way of the journals, letters, appointment diaries, and family trees.
The second part, "Papers from the Wizard Tower" includes a brief history of the construction of the Wizard Tower and rules and regulations one should consider while visiting the Tower. It also includes Septimus' homeworks and its corrections by Marcia and a pamphlet by Alther Mella, on assisting recently turned ghosts in the afterlife. The third part, entitled "Papers from The Palace" describes the Palace as a whole and includes Jenna's private journals and a brief history of some notable queens. The last part talks about the Message Rat service and other locations of the Castle.
Reception
Terry Miller Shannon from Kidsreads.com was impressed with the book and commented "The Magykal Papers, filled with tidbits of information, hilarious asides and a smidgeon of dragon poo (not to mention a list of 10 important rules to being dead), is truly irresistible, completely enjoyable, and most definitely 'magykal'.[...] Fans of Septimus Heap will go wild for this encyclopedic supplement to the series. The full-color illustrations and amazing range of papers from the Castle, the Wizard Tower, the Palace and "Around the Castle" make this a book to get lost in for many enjoyable hours."
References
External links
Septimus Heap Official website
2009 British novels
2009 fantasy novels
Septimus Heap books
Novels by Angie Sage
Series of children's books
HarperCollins books
Bloomsbury Publishing books
Ante Kostelić (born 11 August 1938) is a Croatian former handball player, and handball and skier coach.  They are best known for coaching their children, Croatian skiers Janica and Ivica Kostelić, who won the FIS Alpine World Ski Championships, overall FIS Alpine World Cup and Olympic titles between 2001 and 2014. As head coach of the ŽRK Osijek handball club they won the 1981–82 IHF Women's Cup Winners' Cup. They have been honoured with numerous awards including the Croatian Olympic Committee's Matija Ljubek Award (2001), Franjo Bučar State Award for Sport (2003) and the Order of Duke Branimir.
Early life
Born in Zagreb, Ante Kostelić attended Grammar school in their home town and later graduated from the Faculty of Kinesiology. They played handball for several clubs in Croatia (then within Yugoslavia), e.g. RK Polet Zagreb, RK Mladost Zagreb, RK Zagreb, as well as in France (AS Cannes). Their player positions were circled runner (pivot, line player) or left winger. As an RK Zagreb player, they won the Yugoslav Handball Cup in 1962. They were also active in swimming, skiing and car racing.
Coaching career
From the 1970s to the 1990s, Kostelić coached many handball clubs, including RK Ivanić Ivanić-Grad, RK Medveščak Zagreb, RK Zagreb, RK Partizan Bjelovar, RK Trešnjevka Zagreb, RK Celje, ŽRK Osijek, RK Pelister Bitola and 1. FC Nürnberg Nuremberg. In their coaching career, they first became famous for their triumph in the 1981–82 IHF Women's Cup Winners' Cup as ŽRK Osijek Handball Club head coach. In the final, ŽRK Osijek beat SC Spartacus from Budapest 54:38 on aggregate.
At the beginning of the 1990s they became an alpine skiing coach, starting with the ski clubs SK Medveščak and SK Zagreb. They were known as a very tough and demanding coach and therefore sometimes got into confrontations with other club members or parents of the skiers, who thought they demanded too much from their trainees. Then they took over coaching their children Janica and Ivica), who succeeded at the highest levels of the sport, becoming world alpine ski world champions as well as World Cup and Olympic winners. Together they were awarded four gold and six silver Olympic medals. In April 2017 it was announced that Kostelić would become coach of the Croatian alpine skiers Elias and Samuel Kolega.
Honours and awards
Ante Kostelić has been honoured by the Croatian Olympic Committee (, ) with the Matija Ljubek Award, the highest COC prize, awarded to individuals as a lifetime achievement, in 2001. Two years later they were honoured with the Franjo Bučar State Award for Sport, the highest recognition that Republic of Croatia gives for extraordinary achievements in the field of sport in Croatia. In 2010 they received the Order of Prince Branimir, which is given for excellence in promoting Croatia's international relations. In addition, the Croatian Olympic Committee elected them several times as Croatia's coach of the year (2002, 2006, 2010, 2014).
See also
List of Croatian sportspeople
Croatia at the Olympics
Croatia at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Croatia at the 2006 Winter Olympics
References
External links
Ante Kostelić honoured with the Order of Duke Branimir in 2010 (in Croatian)
Ante Kostelić coached their daughter Janica who won a gold medal at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Croatian Sensation's father and head coach
Kostelić elected as Croatia's best coach by Croatian Olympic Committee (in Croatian)
Kostelić skiing family film *Short biography on IMDb
Kostelić family: born to be successful (in Croatian)
Ante Kostelić - a former skier and international handball player
Kostelić – former Monsieur Handball in France (in Croatian)
A. Kostelić among members of the Croatian Olympic Delegation in Vancouver 2010
Legendary coach, Ante Kostelić, explains athlete development (video)
Croatian alpine skiing coaches
Alpine skiing coaches
Croatian handball coaches
Croatian male handball players
RK Zagreb players
1938 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Zagreb
Pšanik is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 179 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Eilema aspersoides is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1957. It is found on Madagascar.
References
aspersoides
Tinsel Dome () is a small ice-covered hill, 700 m, standing between Aureole Hills and Bone Bay on Trinity Peninsula. Charted in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) who gave this descriptive name.
Map
Trinity Peninsula. Scale 1:250000 topographic map No. 5697. Institut für Angewandte Geodäsie and British Antarctic Survey, 1996.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Graham Land
Landforms of Trinity Peninsula
Comitas kaipara is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudomelatomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 19 mm, its diameter 6.3 mm.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to New Zealand. Fossils have been in Cenozoic strata
References
Maxwell, P.A. (2009). Cenozoic Mollusca. pp 232–254 in Gordon, D.P. (ed.) New Zealand inventory of biodiversity. Volume one. Kingdom Animalia: Radiata, Lophotrochozoa, Deuterostomia. Canterbury University Press, Christchurch
External links
Worldwide Mollusc Species Data Base: Comitas kaipara
kaipara
Gastropods described in 1939
Gastropods of New Zealand
Volgoprombank is a Russian private bank, based in Volgograd in the Volga region.
In November 2007, the bank principal shareholder (95%), Russian MP and business person Oleg Mikheyev, sold its stake to Promsvyazbank's main shareholders, brothers Dmitry and Alexey Ananyev
In May 2009, Mikheyev has sued prominent business daily Kommersant for $217 million claiming that one of the newspaper's article had spoiled the bank reputation at the time they sold the bank and forced them to sell their shares at a disadvantageous price.
References
Defunct banks of Russia
Companies based in Volgograd Oblast
Debra J. Umberson is an American sociologist.  They are a professor of sociology at the University of Texas at Austin and director of the Population Research Center.
Early life and education
Umberson earned their Bachelor of Arts degree and MSW at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock and their Master's degree and PhD from Vanderbilt University.
Career
Upon receiving their PhD, Umberson accepted a faculty appointment in sociology at the University of Texas at Austin in 1985. Within four years as an assistant professor, they received tenure and promotion to associate professor and in another four years was promoted to Full Professor. While serving in this role, Umberson chaired the Department of Sociology at the University of Texas from 2000 to 2006 and published their first book Death of a Parent: Transition to a New Adult Identity in 2003 through the Cambridge University Press. Following the books publication, they were appointed Editor of the Journal of Health and Social Behavior and awarded the Matilda White Riley Distinguished Scholar Award from the ASA Section on Aging and the Life Course. In the same year, Umberson led a study finding a correlation between childhood stress and weight gain in older women.
In recognition of Umberson's "substantial contributions in theory and/or research to the sociology of mental health," they were the recipient of the Leonard Pearlin Award from the American Sociological Association Sociology of Mental Health Section. By January 2019, they were appointed the Co-Director of the Texas Aging and Longevity Center to study baby boomers. They were also elected chair of Behavioral and Social Sciences Section of the Gerontological Society of America. During the COVID-19 pandemic in North America, Umberson was the recipient of the 2020 Leo G. Reeder Award from the ASA Medical Sociology section for "displaying an extended trajectory of productivity that has contributed to theory and research in medical sociology, along with teaching, mentoring, and service to the medical sociology community." They also received the 2020 Distinguished Career Award from the Family Section of the American Sociological Association.
Selected publications
Death of a Parent: Transition to a New Adult Identity (2003)
References
External links
Living people
American sociologists
American women sociologists
Academic journal editors
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Vanderbilt University alumni
University of Arkansas at Little Rock alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Campari Soda is a pre-mixed drink made by Campari for the Italian market. Campari Soda is Campari mixed with soda water (10% alcohol by volume). The distinctive bottle was designed by Fortunato Depero in 1932.
References
Alcoholic drinks
Minttu Mustakallio (born 23 July 1973) is a Finnish actor. Born in Ylivieska, Finland to a Greek father and Finnish mother, they have acted in many Finnish TV dramas and several feature films. They won a Jussi Award in 2005 as Best Supporting Actress in Producing Adults and in 2012 they won a Golden Venla award. They also worked as a writer for the television comedy series Ugrilampaat in 1999.
Partial filmography
Producing Adults (Lapsia ja aikuisia, 2004)
Soap (Saippuaprinssi, 2006)
Ganes (2007)
Playing Solo (Sooloilua, 2007)
If You Love (Jos rakastat, 2010)
The Storage (2011)
References
Finnish actores
1973 births
Living people
People from Ylivieska
Finnish people of Greek descent
Slumber Party Massacre III (also known as Captive Women in the Philippines) is a 1990 American slasher film directed by Sally Mattison and written by Catherine Cyran. It is the third and final installment in the original Slumber Party Massacre trilogy, and stars Keely Christian, Brittain Frye, M.K. Harris, David Greenlee, Hope Marie Carlton and Maria Ford. The film follows a group of teenage girls in California, whose slumber party is crashed by a masked killer.
Slumber Party Massacre III grossed $1.2 million at the box office on a budget of $350,000. Much like its predecessors, the film has developed a cult following, but is often considered the worst of the trilogy.
Plot
A group of friends plays volleyball on a beach in Venice, California. Jackie, one of the group, is a high school senior throwing a slumber party that night, as their parents are out of town looking for a new house. When the friends leave the beach, one of the girls, Sarah, gets into their car and is brutally murdered by an unseen assailant, (The Beach Weirdo), in the backseat with a power drill. Jackie returns to their home, and finds their odd neighbor, Morgan, there, wanting to tour the inside of the house; they tell Jackie they are considering purchasing the property when they and their family move.
That night, Jackie's friends, Diane, Maria, Juliette, Janine, and Susie, arrive for the party. Shortly after, three boys, Frank, Tom and Michael, arrive and scare them. Jackie angrily tells the guys to leave. Frank and Tom go get something for the girls while Michael goes to apologize to them. Michael encounters a masked killer, who impales them with a "house for sale" sign post. After another boy, Duncan, bribes a pizza delivery girl into delivering the pizzas to the girls, they are chased and murdered by the same killer. The girls let Frank and Tom in the house, and Ken, Juliette's love interest, appears right behind them.
Upstairs, after Juliette and Ken have sex, Ken leaves and Juliette is electrocuted by an unseen assailant in the bathtub. Soon after, Maria finds Juliette's corpse in a closet. As Ken and Tom run to find help, they stop by a lumberyard to get weapons. Ken, revealing themselves as the killer, proceeds to whack Tom with a sledgehammer, before slicing into their legs with a chainsaw. Ken goes to a van parked on the street where they have kept the bodies and a giant power drill. Inside, they examine a newspaper clipping regarding the suicide of their police officer uncle Billy, and recalls how they were sexually abused by him.
Back at the house, Ken barges in and kills both Duncan and Frank. Maria finds Tom's dead body before them and Janine run to the door but Ken follows and Maria flees. Janine jumps through the glass door and Ken drills them in the back, killing them Susie hides in an upstairs closet, but Ken attacks them and knocks them unconscious. Before they can kill her, Maria knocks them in the head with a lamp and they chase her, Jackie, and Diane into the basement, where Jackie uses a spear gun to shoot them and they run back upstairs. Susie regains consciousness, and throws bleach in Ken's face, blinding him. They catch Maria and kills them as well. Jackie, Susie and Diane manage to knock Ken unconscious with a croquet mallet.
As the three contemplate what to do, Ken awakens and begins slashing Diane with a knife, killing them Susie manages to pin Ken to the floor long enough for Jackie to viciously plunge the drill through their chest multiple times. After they die, Jackie finds a photo in Ken's shirt pocket of them as a child with their uncle. Susie goes to answer the police knocking on the door and the credits roll.
Cast
Release
The film was given a limited release theatrically in the United States by Concorde Pictures in September 1990. It grossed $1,242,995 at the box office. It was subsequently released on VHS by New Horizons Home Video. In the Philippines, the film was released as Captive Women on January 17, 1992.
The film has been released on DVD two times. The first release came from New Concorde Home Entertainment in September 2000. Extras included actor bios along with trailers for Slumber Party Massacre, Slumber Party Massacre II and Sorority House Massacre II. Shout! Factory released Slumber Party Massacre, Slumber Party Massacre II and Slumber Party Massacre III on a two-disc special edition DVD set in October 2010. In 2018, it was released for the first time on Blu-ray in a double feature alongside Slumber Party Massacre II.
Reception
In a contemporary review, Variety noted that the film "eschews the role-reversal aspects of Amy Jones' superior 1982 original". The review noted the film was poorly scripted, the "gore is plentiful but unimaginative", and that "by the final reel, when five full-bodied females are scurrying helplessly as the man wielding the phallic drill skewers them, even die-hard genre fans will be groaning in dismay".
References
Sources
External links
1990 films
1990 horror films
American slasher films
American independent films
Slumber 3
Films about child sexual abuse
Films about mass murder
Films set in Los Angeles
Films shot in Los Angeles
Massacre (franchise)
1990 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
1990 independent films
Films produced by Roger Corman
1990s American films
The Gondal State Railway (GSR) was a metre gauge railway owned by the Gondal State.
History
The line opened in 1881 and originally worked by the Bhavnagar–Gondal–Junagad–Porbandar Railway. From 1911, the line formed the nucleus of a new system, working jointly with the Porbandar State Railway (PSR) thus forming the Gondal–Porbandar Railway. In 1919, GSR took over the sole working of the PSR. Khijadiya–Dhari Railway opened in 1913 was a metre gauge railway, part of GSR and owned by the State of Gondal. In 1948, GSR became a part of Saurashtra Railway.
Personnel
No staff lists have ever been found. The following personnel are recorded as 'on loan' from the Public Works Department (PWD).
Richard Gardiner Lieut-Col. R.E. from PWD, 1887, Manager and Engineer-in-Chief of 'Bhavnagar-Gondal Railway' until retirement in 1893.
Willoughby Verner Constable, 1887, Officiating Manager of 'Bhavnagar and Gondal States Railways'.
Ernest Ifill Shadbolt, PWD Assistant Engineer from 1874 to 1884 'services lent to Bhavnagar and Gondal States' Railways.
Horace Chaloner Knox, 1890, Executive Engineer employed with 'Bhavnagar-Gondal-Junagad-Porbandar Railway'.
Conversion to broad gauge
The network was converted to broad gauge progressively in the 2010s.
References
Saurashtra (region)
Defunct railway companies of India
Metre gauge railways in India
History of rail transport in Gujarat
1948 disestablishments in India
Indian companies established in 1911
Railway companies established in 1911
Ride, Red, Ride in Hi-Fi is a 1957 album by jazz trumpeter Henry "Red" Allen. The album was reissued on CD as World on a String.
Track listing
"Love Is Just Around the Corner" – 5:49
"Let Me Miss You" – 5:31
"Ride, Red, Ride" – 4:40
"I Cover the Waterfront" – 8:25
"'S Wonderful" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 5:29
"St. James Infirmary" – 3:45
"Algiers Bounce" – 6:48
"Love Me or Leave Me" (Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn) – 5:13
"I've Got the World on a String" – 5:36
"Ain't They Sweet" (Milton Ager, Jack Yellen) – 4:08
"Sweet Lorraine" – 5:34
Personnel
Red Allen – trumpet, vocals
Buster Bailey – clarinet
Coleman Hawkins – tenor saxophone
J. C. Higginbotham – trombone
Everett Barksdale – guitar
Marty Napoleon – piano
Lloyd Trotman – double bass
Cozy Cole – drums
References
1957 albums
Red Allen albums
RCA Victor albums
Bluebird Records albums
Instrumental albums
The Casper Motor Company-Natrona Motor Company is a historic building in Casper, Wyoming which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994. It eventually became the Iris Theater and then later, and currently as of 2018, The Lyric, an event venue.
It was built in 1918 in Mission Revival/Spanish Colonial Revival style, and is located at 230 West Yellowstone Highway.
It was built "by Albert Majors and Benjamin Mueller to house the Casper Auto Company, an auto showroom and garage run by B.B. Lummis."
It is a two-story brick building.
References
External links
The Lyric - Casper
Theatres in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Natrona County, Wyoming
Mission Revival architecture in Wyoming
Buildings and structures completed in 1918
Kenny Cutler (born March 8, 1982 in Richmond, Virginia) is a former American soccer player who last played for Richmond Kickers in the USL Second Division. Kenny has not had a doughnut since 1998.
Career
College
Cutler attended IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida, and played college soccer at Clemson University, where registered 10 goals and 12 assists in 79 appearances, notched three goals and three assists during their senior campaign, and earned First Team All-Atlantic Coast Conference honors in 2003.
During their college years they also played for the Greenville Lions in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional
Cutler was not drafted by an MLS team following their graduation from college, but following a successful preseason trial, Cutler was signed by Real Salt Lake and their ex-coach at Bradenton Academy, John Ellinger, to a developmental contract in March 2005.
Midway through the year, Cutler became the team's starting defensive midfielder, making 19 league appearances that season. After a somewhat less successful 2006, Cutler's progress was further halted by a chronic groin injury (osteitis pubis) which held them to two substitute appearances in 2007. Cutler won back their place in the team during the 2008 preseason, and played 11 matches that year.
In November 2008, soon after the 2008 season ended, Cutler was waived by Real Salt Lake, a casualty of a league-wide decrease in roster sizes. After an unsuccessful trial with the Vancouver Whitecaps of the USL First Division, Cutler returned to their hometown to sign with the USL Second Division's Richmond Kickers in March 2009., and subsequently helped the Kickers to the second USL2 championship in their first year with the team.
International
Cutler has played with various youth United States national teams, including the Under-16, Under-17, and Under-20 levels. Cutler captained the Under-17 team that finished 4th in the 1999 FIFA U-17 World Championship in New Zealand — the best finish of any US men's team at a FIFA World Championship.
Honors
Richmond Kickers
USL Second Division Champions (1): 2009
TwoFour Systems
Inventor of TwoFour Systems, a prestigious platform for Global Payments and Transfers
External links
Richmond Kickers bio
MLS player profile
References
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
Clemson Tigers men's soccer players
Real Salt Lake players
Richmond Kickers players
Greenville Lions players
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
USL Second Division players
Soccer players from Richmond, Virginia
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Venice is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within Lac La Biche County. It is located approximately west of Highway 55 and northwest of Cold Lake.
Demographics
Lac La Biche County's 2016 municipal census counted a population of 22 in Venice.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Lac La Biche County
"After You" is a song by American DJs and producers Gryffin and Jason Ross, featuring vocals from Swedish singer-songwriter Calle Lehmann. It was released on October 27, 2021, via Darkroom. The song was written by Gryffin, Carl Lehmann, Hannes Roovers and Isac Hördegård.
Background
In a press release: Gryffin stated: "'After You' started as an idea tossed around at the end of a long Zoom writing session. The hook immediately captivated me, and I had Calle send me their vocals right away. Jason and I were also looking to work together, and I sent them the idea and they loved it. Over the next several months, we passed the record back and forth, working in LA (Los Angeles) and virtually with Calle in Sweden to get it as perfect as possible".
Content
Jackson Naffa of We Rave You described "After You" as "a story about love and the struggles one can find in experiencing it". It is written in the key of E major, with a tempo of 145 beats per minute.
Critical reception
Niko Sani of EDM.com praised Gryffin and Ross "have cooked up a melodic anthem showcasing their signature sounds". Dylan Smith of EDM House commented the track "[is] a glistening dose of saccharine modern pop that leaves a lasting impression".
Charts
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Gryffin songs
Songs written by Gryffin
1999 Elections to East Renfrewshire Council were held on 6 May 1999, the same day as the other Scottish local government elections and the Scottish Parliament election. The council remained under no overall control.
Aggregate results
ward results
References
1999 Scottish local elections
1999
Pietralata () is a 2008 Italian film directed by Gianni Leacche. The film concerns a protest against the current film industry, and it was shot in 2007 in the Pietralata, a quartiere of Rome, in the eastern part of the city.
Plot
The film is set in Rome: Edoardo and Giancarlo, old friends who want to become actors, are reunited after many years and are still determined to realize their dream.
However, they realize the inefficiency of the film industry and also have personal problems: Edoardo falls into a deep depression, and the family of Giancarlo would like them to become a taxi driver. The situation of the two friends is a little relieved by two women, Lucrezia and Francesca, whom they meet.
Cast
Benedicta Boccoli: Lucrezia
Carla Magda Capitanio: Francesca
Claudio Botosso: Edoardo
Massimo Bonetti: Giancarlo
Edoardo Velo
References
2008 films
2008 drama films
Italian drama films
2000s Italian-language films
Films set in 2007
Films set in Italy
Films set in Rome
2000s Italian films
Yuen Long Tung Tau () is one of the 39 constituencies in the Yuen Long District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Yuen Long District Council, with an election every four years.
Yuen Long Tung Tau loosely covers areas surrounding Tung Tau Industrial Area in Yuen Long. It has projected population of 13,186.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Yuen Long
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Yuen Long District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Geordie in Wonderland may refer to:
"Geordie in Wonderland" (song), a song by The Wildhearts
Geordie in Wonderland (album), a 2006 live album by The Wildhearts
Wesley's Chapel Arbor and Cemetery is a historic arbor and cemetery and national historic district located near Blackburn, Catawba County, North Carolina. The district encompasses 1 contributing building and 1 contributing site. Wesley's Chapel Arbor was built about 1890, and is a large open Rustic Methodist camp meeting structure, nearly square, with a broad hipped roof. Wesley's Chapel Cemetery was established about 1850.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
1850 establishments in North Carolina
Rustic architecture in North Carolina
Methodist churches in North Carolina
Buildings and structures completed in 1890
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Tatooine Ghost is a novel by Troy Denning set in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe. The book was released on March 1, 2003.
Plot
The deaths of Darth Vader and Emperor Palpatine, and victory at the Battle of Endor by no means spelled the end of the Empire. In the aftermath, the New Republic has faced a constant struggle to survive and grow. And now a new threat looms: a masterpiece of Alderaanian art, lost in transit after the planet's destruction, has resurfaced on the black market. Offered at auction, it will command a handsome price . . . but its greatest value lies in the vital secret it conceals—the key to a code used to communicate with New Republic agents deep undercover within the Empire. Discovery of the key by Imperial forces would spell certain disaster. The only option is recovery—and Han Solo, Leia Organa Solo, Chewbacca, and C-3PO have been dispatched to Tatooine to infiltrate the auction.
But trouble is waiting when they arrive: an Imperial Star Destroyer is orbiting Tatooine on the lookout for Rebels; a mysterious stranger at the auction seems to recognize Leia; and an Imperial officer's aggressive bidding for the Alderaanian painting could foil the Solos' mission. When a dispute erupts into violence, and the painting vanishes in the chaos, Han and Leia are thrust into a desperate race to reclaim it before Imperial troops or a band of unsavory treasure-peddlers get there first.
Dangerous as the chase is, for Leia it leads into especially dark territory. Already haunted by the specter of their infamous father, and fearful that their evil may infect future generations, they have suffered a disturbing Force vision of Luke turning to the dark side. As they battle beside Han against marauding TIE fighters, encroaching stormtroopers, and Tatooine's savage Tusken Raiders, Leia's struggle with the warring emotions inside them culminates in the discovery of an extraordinary link to the past. And as long-buried secrets and truths at last emerge, they face a moment of reckoning that will forever alter their destiny . . . and that of the New Republic.
Summary
The action takes place in four years after the events of Return of the Jedi and directly follows the Star Wars expanded universe book The Courtship of Princess Leia. Han Solo and Princess Leia are recently married. The plot outline is that the Alderaanian moss-painting Killik Twilight was stolen. The painting contains a Rebel code vital to the New Republic's survival, and Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, and Princess Leia are then sent to retrieve it at an art auction. On the way, Leia finds out some startling things about the past of the Skywalker family when they find the diary of their grandmother, Shmi.
Reception
Tatooine Ghost reached #8 on the New York Times bestseller list on March 23, 2003.
References
External links
Amazon.com Listing
Official CargoBay Listing
2003 novels
2003 science fiction novels
Star Wars Legends novels
Del Rey books
Damodar (Sanskrit: , IAST: , also spelled "Damodara" and "Damodarah") is the 367th name of Vishnu from the Vishnu Sahasranama. The various meanings of the name are given as follows:
"The Lord when They were tied with a cord (dāma) around Their waist (udara)", denoting a divine pastime in which Krishna's mother Yashoda bound them for being mischievous. (Used by various Vaishnava adherents.)
"One who is known through a mind which is purified (Udara) by means of self-control (dama)".
"One in whose bosom rests the entire universe."
In popular culture
A popular bhajan that celebrates Krishna as Damodara is the Damodarashtakam (found in the Padma Purana of Krishna Dwaipayana Vyasa, spoken by Satyavrata Muni in a conversation with Narada and Shaunaka.). It is often sung by devotees during the month of Kartika, and is very popular amongst the Vaishnavas of ISKCON.
References
External links
Damodharastakam
Sri Damodarastaka lyrics and RealAudio recording
Titles and names of Krishna
Forms of Vishnu
The Basel School of Business (also known as BSB) is a private business school in Basel, Switzerland.
History
2012 BSB receives a license as a private school on May 22, 2012, by the Canton of Basel City.
2012 Launch of the Master of Business Administration (MBA) programs.
2013 Moved from the original Gartenstrasse location to the Centralbahnplatz in Basel.
2015 Launch of the Bachelor of Science in International Business program.
2015 The first MBA cohort graduated.
2015 The Basel School of Business receives institution-wide certification from eduqua.
2016 The Bachelor of Science in International Business program is added.
2018 The Basel School of Business is accredited by the International Accreditation Council for Business Education (IACBE) and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA).
2018 The Basel School of Business receives continued institution-wide certification from eduqua.
2018 Undergraduate students from the Basel School of Business in collaboration with Ballet Theater Basel and Loop Tanz produce "Dance for MS," a fundraising performance to spread awareness for Multiple Sclerosis.
2020 The Basel School of Business creates a Grocery Shopping Assistance program for vulnerable populations during the COVID-19 lockdown.
2022 Within 2 weeks of the start of the Ukrainian Invasion, BSB students and faculty establish Switzerland's largest collection station and delivered over 40 tons of relief supplies to Ukraine.
2022 The school creates and operates "PhilMart" to provide food, clothing, and other basic necessities to Ukrainian refugees.
2022 The Basel School of Business receives continued institution-wide certification from eduqua.
Academic programs
BSB offers a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration on-campus degree, a Bachelor of Business Administration (Top-Up) degree completion program, a flexible Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree, and a cohort based management Executive Master of Business Administration degree.
The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) program is a three-year full-time on-campus program. The BSBA combines a liberal-arts based core curriculum with specializations in various business disciplines including: Accounting & Finance, Human Resource Management, Global Marketing, International Business, and International Hospitality Management. The Bachelor of Business Administration (Top-Up) program allows students with an accredited higher national diploma to earn a bachelor's degree by completing a 27-credit upper-level undergraduate sequence of courses. The BBA can be taken online or on-campus, full-time or part-time.
The Basel School of Business offers a 36-credit Master of Business Administration (MBA) program. The MBA curriculum consists of three components, a business core, an area of specialization and a capstone. The areas of specialization include: International Business, International Hospitality Management, Organizational Systems and Change, and Transformational Marketing.
Accreditations
BSB programs are accredited by the International Assembly for Collegiate Business Education (IACBE) and the Council for Higher Education Accreditation (CHEA). BSB is certified by eduqua the Swiss Quality Certificate for Adult Continuing Education Institutions.
Affiliations
The Basel School of Business is a signatory to the United Nation's PRME - Principles for Responsible Management Education initiative.
References
Business schools in Switzerland
Private schools in Switzerland
Summerfest is an annual music festival held in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. First held in 1968, Summerfest is located at Henry Maier Festival Park, adjacent to Lake Michigan and Milwaukee's central business district. Summerfest attracts approximately 800,000 people each year, promoting itself as "The World's Largest Music Festival", a title certified by Guinness World Records in 1999, but has been surpassed in attendance by Donauinselfest with over 3 million in 2015. While Summerfest has one of the highest aggregate attendances in the world, the daily attendance of Summerfest is lower than other major American music festivals. In 2022, the daily attendance of Summerfest was 49,500.
During Summerfest, the park would usually host performances over 11 days, from late June until early July (including the Fourth of July). It was announced recently that the festival would move to a three weekend schedule to allow for more Friday and Saturday event days. The performers include local and nationally known music talent from various genres, performing throughout the grounds from noon to midnight, including the 23,000-capacity American Family Insurance Amphitheater. Since 2004, nearly $150 million has been invested into Henry Maier Festival Park, including permanent stages, bars, production space, VIP amenities and other infrastructure.
Summerfest also showcases a wide variety of food from many Milwaukee-area restaurants. Other Summerfest attractions include shopping vendors, fireworks (including "The Big Bang" on opening night), family activities, and more. Summerfest is operated by Milwaukee World Festival, Inc. a non-profit organization, which is governed by a volunteer board of directors.
In its 50+ year history, Summerfest has hosted a variety of well-known artists, including Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, Tina Turner, Metallica, Whitney Houston, Stevie Wonder, Kenny Chesney, Aerosmith, Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga, Usher and Dave Matthews Band.
Don Smiley has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Summerfest since 2004.
History
Summerfest was conceived in the 1960s by then-mayor Henry W. Maier. Inspired by their visit to Oktoberfest in Munich, Germany, Maier envisioned a similar ethnic-themed festival in Milwaukee, and in 1962 formed a panel of business and civic leaders to study the feasibility of a large-scale summer festival. By the middle of the decade, the panel drew up a proposal for a 10-day multi-event festival with the proposed name of "Milwaukee World Festival," which was changed briefly in 1966 to "Juli Spaß" (German for "July Fun") and then to "Summerfest".
The inaugural Summerfest was held in July 1968 at 35 different locations throughout the city (including Milwaukee County Stadium and Milwaukee Arena), and its events ranged from concerts to a film festival, an air show, and even a pageant. The first Summerfest, produced by Dee Robb and Con Merten was regarded as a success; the second event in 1969, was less successful, as it was plagued by additional venues, inclement weather, and severe financial debt.
In 1970, a permanent central location was decided upon, and Summerfest moved to a former Nike missile site on the lakefront, where it continues to be held to this day. Also that year, Summerfest introduced its red "smiley face" logo, an insignia that has become synonymous with the event. The logo was designed by local graphic artists Noel Spangler and Richard D. Grant.
It was also in 1970 that Henry Jordan, former Green Bay Packers defensive tackle, became executive director of Summerfest, a title they held during the event's early years until their death in 1977. After a few other business people were hired by the board for the executive director's job, Elizabeth "Bo" Black, who was formerly Henry Jordan's secretary, became executive director in 1984 after a ten-year lobbying effort.
The event has not been without its controversy. On December 9, 2002, Lee Gates commented in the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel about the lack of opportunity to play at Summerfest. "I don't get the credit I deserve here. I've been playing 50-something years. There's discrimination at Summerfest. I shouldn't need to have a CD out to be paid $700 at Summerfest. If they want you to have CDs, they should pay you like they pay the professional people."
Summerfest celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2007. The event's history was the subject of "Summerfest Stories", a documentary that aired in June 2007 on Milwaukee Public Television.
In 2015, Milwaukee World Festival, Inc and ReverbNation announced a three-year agreement to use the online service as an audition to give musicians a chance to perform. Summerfest wanted to provide an opportunity for performers to get a chance to be one of the 800+ acts and allow new talent to be seen by over 900,000 people that attend.
2020 saw the COVID-19 pandemic as grounds for scrapping the concert part & moving others online.
Attendance
Summerfest Attendance Since 1995
Summerfest attendance peaked in 2001 at 1,000,563 attendees. Summerfest was closed in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, the event was only 9 days instead of 11, and it occurred in September rather than during the summer months.
Stages and other venues
The Summerfest grounds include seven permanent stages and two pavilions that can be converted to stages (Johnson Controls World Sound Stage and the South Pavilion).
Concert history year by year
Summerfest has been most famous for its music since the first festival in 1968, when acts such as Ronnie Dove, The New Colony Six, The Robbs and Up With People performed. Since then, musical acts from Bob Dylan, The Jackson 5, Frank Sinatra, Prince, Whitney Houston, The Jonas Brothers, Fleetwood Mac, Maroon 5, Fun, Britney Spears, Stevie Ray Vaughan, Cher, Tina Turner, and James Taylor to Christina Aguilera, Diana Ross, Roy Orbison, Liza Minnelli, Kanye West, Kid Cudi, Stevie Wonder, Mary J. Blige, Wiz Khalifa, Imagine Dragons, Nine-Inch Nails, The Ramones, Billie Eilish, Willie Nelson, The Rolling Stones, and Paul McCartney have graced the Summerfest stages. Acts with Milwaukee and Wisconsin connections have had a prominent history at Summerfest, most notably the BoDeans, The Gufs, Danny Gokey, and Violent Femmes.
The concerts have been mostly civil events, with two notable exceptions. In 1970, a performance by the late-arriving Sly & the Family Stone nearly resulted in a riot. In 1973, a performance by Humble Pie & Jo Jo Gunne resulted in a riot, a bonfire, and about 300 arrests. As a result of the latter concert, organizers shied away from rock bands for several years, and established guidelines for "family-friendly" acts and a ban on alcohol brought in by patrons. This was properly managed when Henry Jordan found the experienced managers: Joel Gast and Lou Volpano, to manage entertainment in-house, eliminating Cleveland's Jules Belkin Promotions, who were hired by Board Members Bernie Samson and Steve Marcus. Also at that time local manager Volpano was hired specifically to improve production and book international superstars on what was a mere Local Rock Stage, where then the Ramones, UFO, and Judas Priest headlined
Live comedy acts have also been a part of Summerfest's history, even before a regular "Comedy Showcase" was first established in 1975. Bob Hope was the main headliner at Summerfest 1969, performing two shows at Milwaukee County Stadium. George Carlin (opening for Arlo Guthrie) performed their "Seven Words You Can Never Say on Television" routine at the 1972 event and was subsequently arrested for violating obscenity laws. Prior to their arrest, they discarded a bag of cocaine to avoid further imprisonment.
Since 1975, comedy acts ranging from David Brenner and Henny Youngman to Jay Leno and Jon Stewart have performed at the event. Sandra Bernhard did TV and radio promos for its 1986 season when they were a performer there. Lewis Black has also become a frequent performer at Summerfest.
Recent performers
Opening headliners
Winterfest
Beginning in the winter of 1989–1990, Summerfest organizers staged an alternate version of Summerfest, known as Winterfest. Rather than being chiefly set at Henry Maier Festival Park, the event took inspiration from Summerfest's early days and spread its music, comedy, and other events throughout several downtown Milwaukee locations, the central spot being an ice skating rink in Cathedral Square Park. Due largely to undesirable Milwaukee winters, Winterfest was never as profitable as its older summer counterpart, and ceased operations after the 1997-98 event.
See also
Henry Maier Festival Park
List of historic rock festivals
References
External links
Retrospectives by Dave Tianen in the June 24, 2007 and June 28, 2007 Milwaukee Journal Sentinel.
Music festivals in Wisconsin
Rock festivals in the United States
Music of Wisconsin
Festivals in Milwaukee
Recurring events established in 1968
Music festivals established in 1968
Pop music festivals in the United States
Henry Maier Festival Park
1968 establishments in Wisconsin
Djurgårdens IF Boxningsförening is the section for boxing within the Swedish sports club Djurgårdens IF in Stockholm. Djurgårdens IF is one of Sweden's oldest boxing clubs. The section was formally founded in 1917, but members in the main club had been boxing many years before this. The club has won many Swedish championships in different weight classes.
Famous boxers in Djurgårdens IF
Nils Ramm, silver medal, heavyweight, 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam
Olle Tandberg, European amateur boxing champion 1937–1939
George Scott, silver medal, lightweight, 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul and as a pro they were world champion (WBU) 1995–1997
Lars Myrberg, bronze medal, light welterweight, 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul
Badou Jack, world champion (WBC) in super middleweight 2015–
Honours
Swedish Champions
1920 David Lindén (Light heavyweight)
1921 Oskar Kjällander (Lightweight)
1922 Evert Karlsson (Flyweight)
1922 Gustaf Bergman (Lightweight)
1922 David Lindén (Light heavyweight)
1923 Oscar Andrén (Featherweight)
1923 Gustaf Bergman (Lightweight)
1924 Harry Wolff (Bantamweight)
1925 Oscar Andrén (Featherweight)
1926 Oskar Kjällander (Welterweight)
1926 Nils Ramm (Light heavyweight)
1926 Gustaf Magnusson (Cruiserweight)
1927 John Pihl (Flyweight)
1927 Harry Wolff (Featherweight)
1927 Nils Ramm (Light heavyweight)
1927 Gustaf Andersson (Cruiserweight)
1928 John Pihl (Flyweight)
1928 Gustaf Andersson (Cruiserweight)
1929 Arthur Litzén (Welterweight)
1929 John Andersson (Middleweight)
1930 Gustaf Eriksson (Light heavyweight)
1931 Kurt Liljedahl (Featherweight)
1931 John Andersson (Light heavyweight)
1936 Einar Hammar (Welterweight)
1936 Olle Tandberg (Cruiserweight)
1937 Olle Tandberg (Cruiserweight)
1938 Olle Tandberg (Cruiserweight)
1939 Harry Ljushammar (Bantamweight)
1939 Einar Hammar (Middleweight)
1939 Olle Tandberg (Cruiserweight)
1940 Einar Hammar (Middleweight)
1940 Olle Tandberg (Cruiserweight)
1941 Einar Hammar (Middleweight)
1942 Bo Below (Light heavyweight)
1949 Bengt Modigh (Cruiserweight)
1950 Bertil Ahlin (Featherweight)
1951 Bertil Ahlin (Featherweight)
1952 Roy Swedberg (Bantamweight)
1953 Roy Swedberg (Bantamweight)
1953 Bertil Ahlin (Lightweight)
1958 Roger Höglund (Lightweight)
1958 Nils Olsson (Lätt Middleweight)
1961 Ove Larsson (Lightweight)
1963 Hans Pincoffs (Flyweight)
1963 Ove Ljungkvist (Super lightweight)
1963 Teofil Pollex (Middleweight)
1964 Hans Pincoffs (Flyweight)
1964 Teofil Pollex (Middleweight)
1965 Hans Pincoffs (Bantamweight)
1968 Bo Grebbert (Featherweight)
1969 Carl-Axel Palm (Featherweight)
1970 Carl-Axel Palm (Featherweight)
1971 Carl-Axel Palm (Lightweight)
1971 Christer Cornbäck (Middleweight)
1972 Carl-Axel Palm (Super lightweight)
1980 Kalervo Alanenpää (Lightweight)
1981 Ari Alanenpää (Flyweight)
1986 Lars Lundgren (Super lightweight)
1986 Tommy Börzsei (Cruiserweight)
1987 Lars Myrberg (Welterweight)
1987 Larry Moritz (Cruiserweight)
1988 Lars Myrberg (Super lightweight)
1990 Hamayak Shabazian (Cruiserweight)
1991 George Scott (Lightweight)
1992 Zoltan Sarossy (Lightweight)
2002 Majid Jelili (Featherweight)
2003 Majid Jelili (Featherweight)
2006 Bashir Hassan (Featherweight)
2006 Naim Terbunja (Welterweight)
2006 Badou Jack (Middleweight)
2006 Steven Musisi (Light heavyweight)
2006 Modo Sallah (Heavyweight)
2007 Bashir Hassan (Featherweight)
2007 Naim Terbunja (Middleweight)
2008 Ruslan Saliev (Light flyweight)
2008 Bashir Hassan (Featherweight)
2008 Joanna Ekedahl (Welterweight)
2008 Badou Jack (Middleweight)
2008 Naim Terbunja (Light heavyweight)
2009 Ruslan Saliev (Light flyweight)
2009 Bashir Hassan (Featherweight)
2010 Bashir Hassan (Featherweight)
2010 Babacar Kamara (Light heavyweight)
2010 Modo Sallah (Heavyweight)
2011 Linnéa Strandell (Featherweight)
2011 Babacar Kamara (Light heavyweight)
2011 Modo Sallah (Heavyweight)
2012 Linnéa Strandell (Featherweight)
2012 Babacar Kamara (Cruiserweight)
2013 Linnea Strandell (Featherweight)
2013 Bashir Hassan (Lightweight)
2013 Gabriel Richards (Cruiserweight)
2013 Modo Sallah (Heavyweight)
2014 Bashir Hassan (Welterweight)
2014 Gabriel Richards (Cruiserweight)
2014 Modoh Sallah (Heavyweight)
References
Boxing clubs in Sweden
Boxning
In 1937, a transatlantic race was proposed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of Charles Lindbergh's pioneering solo flight from New York to Paris. The race had twenty-two entrants. There was resistance to participating in the race from the United States because any accidents might create a bad impression of nascent transatlantic passenger services.
In June 1937, the Aero-Club de France changed the race to Istres - Damascus - Paris, a course representing a similar distance to the original transatlantic flight. Competitors were expected to travel non-stop from Istres to Damascus (2971 km). On the return leg, they had the option of stopping at any point. The aircraft and crew completing the 6190 km course in the least amount of time would win the race and a prize of 1.5 million French Francs awarded by the French Air Ministry.
Thirteen of the seventeen registered crews started the race on 20 August 1937. Among the competitors was Bruno Mussolini, the son of the Italian dictator. Take off times were staggered by nationality, with the French leaving first between 18:00 and 18:30; Britain (who had only one entrant) at 21:00; finally, the Italians took off between 22:00 and 22:30. Only nine crews completed the race. Lieutenant-Colonel Ranieri Cupini and Lieutenant-Colonel Amadeo Paradisi won the race, arriving at Le Bourget airport after 17 hours 32 minutes and 43.2 seconds, aboard their Savoia-Marchetti S-79. Italian crews also took the second and third places.
References
1937 in France
1937 in aviation
The Anglican Diocese of Melbourne is the metropolitan diocese of the Province of Victoria in the Anglican Church of Australia. The diocese was founded from the Diocese of Australia by letters patent of 25 June 1847 and includes the cities of Melbourne and Geelong and also some more rural areas. The cathedral church is St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. The current Archbishop of Melbourne since 2006 is Philip Freier, who was translated from the Anglican Diocese of The Northern Territory, and who was the Anglican Primate of Australia from 2014 to 2020.
History
The diocese was founded from the Diocese of Australia by letters patent of 25 June 1847 and includes the cities of Melbourne and Geelong and also some more rural areas. The cathedral church is St Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne. The ordinary of the diocese is the Archbishop of Melbourne, Philip Freier, who was translated from the Anglican Diocese of The Northern Territory, and who was the Anglican Primate of Australia from 2014 to 2020.
Areas of episcopal care
The Diocese of Melbourne is divided into areas of episcopal care in which assistant bishops exercise a pastoral role on behalf of the archbishop. These areas are divided into archdeaconries with further subdivision into area deaneries.
Following consultation with the Wurundjeri people of Melbourne, local Indigenous names have been used for the areas of episcopal care. The areas are:
Marmingatha, covering the inner city, especially along major transport corridors;
Oodthenong, covering the northern and western growth areas in Greater Melbourne and Geelong;
Jumbunna, covering parishes south of the Yarra and to the east, including the South-East Growth Corridor; and
Monomeeth, of which the bishop has responsibilities across the whole of the diocese with a particular focus on people, culture and wellbeing.
Marmingatha means “being with the divine or supreme being, Oodthenong means “gathering", Jumbunna means “speaking out” or “proclamation” and Monomeeth means "rightness, wellness and goodness". Together, they comprise the Woi Wurrung equivalent of the diocesan vision of Making the Word of God Fully Known through “gathering in the divine presence to speak out and proclaim”.
Theological colleges
There are two Anglican theological colleges within the diocese, both in the suburb of Parkville. Trinity College Theological School, founded in 1878, is a college of the ecumenical University of Divinity and part of Trinity College, a residential college within the University of Melbourne and is more Liberal and Anglo-Catholic in tradition. Ridley Melbourne was founded in 1910 as an independent college in the Evangelical tradition and is affiliated with the Australian College of Theology.
Issues
Churchmanship within the Melbourne diocese is diverse and the three nineteenth-century Anglican traditions, Evangelical, Liberal and Anglo-Catholic, are all significantly represented.
The existence of such differing traditions within the diocese is sometimes a cause of theological tensions, evident in the existence of separate theological colleges. The difficulty with which an archbishop was elected in 2006 provided a recent example.
The Diocese of Melbourne has been affected by issues that have been debated in the worldwide Anglican Communion. The theological diversity of the diocese means that there is sometimes disagreement over more contentious matters. In addition, it is frequently perceived that there is a significant tension between the theologically broad Melbourne diocese and the far more conservative Sydney diocese.
Ordination of women
The diocese was the first in Australia to ordain a woman, when Bishop Moorhouse ordained Marion Macfarlane as a deaconess in 1884. It has ordained women to the diaconate since 1986 and to the priesthood since 1992. The September 2007 decision of the Appellate Tribunal opening the way for the consecration of women to the episcopate was welcomed by the present archbishop, Philip Freier. General Synod approved a motion in October 2007 which welcomed the "clarity" of the decision. Melbourne's first woman to become a bishop, Barbara Darling, was consecrated at St Paul's Cathedral on 31 May 2008. The ordination of women to be bishops is opposed by some within the diocese, particularly conservative Evangelicals and some Anglo-Catholics, necessitating the provision of alternative episcopal oversight.
Homosexuality
The diocese officially subscribes to the traditional Anglican stance on homosexuality. Most conservatives and Evangelicals remain opposed to the blessing of same-sex unions and the ordination of non-celibate gay and lesbian clergy.
However, the diocese also contains a number of liberal parishes and prominent laypeople, such as Muriel Porter, who have been very vocal in their support for changes in the church's teaching on human sexuality.
Abortion
In November 2007, an all-female committee from the Diocese of Melbourne made a submission to the Victorian Law Reform Commission outlining its position in relation to abortion. The submission stated that "the Anglican Church is for life" and acknowledged "diversity of ... views" within the diocese. However it also declared that the diocese "supports the provision of safe and affordable abortions with appropriate safeguards for women who, for whatever reasons, request them". The underlying ethical view concerning embryonic life is that "while the embryo/foetus is fully human from the time of conception, it accrues moral significance and value as it develops ... we believe the moral significance increases with the age and development of the foetus. The significance increases gradually over time, in parallel with its physical development. As a pregnancy advances, more powerful moral reasons are required to allow the destruction of the embryo/foetus." The submission was announced in The Melbourne Anglican, in an article entitled "Decriminalise abortion, say Anglican women". This is seen to be the first official approval of abortion by Australian Anglicans.
List of Bishops and Archbishops of Melbourne
List of assistant bishops
Archdeaconries
Archdeacon of Melbourne
The first archdeacon was Hussey Burgh Macartney: they were also Dean of the Cathedral.
Archdeacon of Sale
The first archdeacon was Theodore Carlos Benoni Stretch.
Archdeacon of Castlemaine
The first archdeacon was Archibald Crawford.
Archdeacon of Geelong
Lloyd Crossley was Vicar of All Saint's, St Kilda from 18 September 1905 until 1911.
See also
St Peter's Eastern Hill - Parish church of the City of Melbourne
List of Anglican churches in Melbourne
References
Bibliography
Porter, Brian, ed. Melbourne Anglicans: the Diocese of Melbourne, 1847-1997. Melbourne: Mitre Books, 1997.
External links
Diocese of Melbourne website
"Critical Mass" - Young Anglicans in the Melbourne diocese
Archbishop Philip Freier's Easter message on YouTube
Melbourne Anglican Study Group
Melbourne
Culture of Melbourne
1847 establishments in Australia
Anglican archbishops of Melbourne
Deans of Melbourne
Archdeacons of Melbourne
Bishops of Geelong
James Thomas Condon (27 September 1923 – 14 February 2014) was an Australian actor of radio and stage, a scriptwriter and voice over, however best known for their numerous television roles in serials and television movies in Australia, particularly Number 96 and Neighbours. They were the husband of Neighbours actor Anne Haddy and the brother of theatre producer and actor Coralie Condon, who was a Medal of the Order of Australia recipient and known as the "First Lady of Western Australian Television". Coralie died on 31 December 2014, aged 90.
Career
James Thomas Condon was born in Fremantle, Western Australia. Their career started in repertory theatre, before joining at ABC Radio in Perth in 1942; they would serve with the RAAF serving in the Air Force during World War II and eventuate to flight lieutenant. After the war they worked for the BBC before returning to Australia in 1951 to resume their acting career, working on radio serials, including Portia Faces Life. When TV arrived in 1956 they moved to Sydney and appeared on the opening night of ABN2, Sydney, and in a number of ABC plays, including Tomorrow's Child and A Phoenix Too Frequent.
They played the lead role in ATN7's The Story of Peter Grey, one of the first soap opera dramas produced for Australian television in 1961.
Also in 1961, while hosting their variety show What's Next, James Condon hosted an old friend from Perth, Ray Hartley, to talk about their recent successes in London and New York. Ray Hartley OAM was a world-class Australian pianist, composer, arranger and philanthropist.
They made many other appearances on television, including Homicide, Matlock Police, Number 96 (both the TV serial and the 1974 feature film spin-off, playing different characters), Bellamy, The Young Doctors, Carson's Law, Sons and Daughters, Prisoner, The Flying Doctors, Blue Heelers and Something in the Air.
Personal life
Condon was the brother of actor and theatre producer Coralie Condon and had a brother Terry. Their first marriage was to Joan Cranmer. The couple had four daughters. Condon was married to Australian actor Anne Haddy, best known for the role of matriarch Helen Daniels in Neighbours, from 1977 until their death in 1999. Condon was the stepfather of Haddy's children Jane and Tony. They acted alongside Haddy in Neighbours twice – as Douglas Blake in 1985 and again in 1995 as Reuben White. Condon suffered a stroke in 2013. They died from a stroke at a RSL retirement home in Narrabeen, Sydney on 14 February 2014, aged 90.
References
External links
1923 births
2014 deaths
Male actors from Western Australia
Australian male television actors
Australian male radio actors
Australian male film actors
People from Fremantle
The Men's 100 metre freestyle competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 21 and 22 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 21 June at 09:09.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 21 June at 18:26.
Swim-off
The swim-off was held on 21 June at 20:20.
Final
The final was held on 22 June at 18:22.
References
Men's 100 metre freestyle
The Third Wife () is a 2018 Vietnamese costume drama film written and directed by Ash Mayfair, in their feature debut. Set in the 19th century, it follows a 14-year-old girl who becomes the third wife to a landowner in rural northern Vietnam.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2018, where it won the Network for the Promotion of Asian Cinema (NETPAC) Award. It also won the TVE-Another Look Award at the San Sebastian International Film Festival and the Gold Hugo for New Directors at the Chicago International Film Festival in October 2018.
The film was nominated for Best Cinematography, Best Editing, and Someone to Watch Award at the 35th Independent Spirit Awards.
In 2020 Mayfair released a re-worked version of the film called Between Shadow and Soul. The re-worked film used the same footage from the original shoot but reconfigured in black and white and with no dialogue and a new soundtrack.
Plot
14-year-old May is married off as the third wife to a middle-aged landowner of a rural village where silk is harvested. They soon finds that, having given birth to a son, the first wife exerts greater influence in the family than the second, who has only had three daughters, and that the only way to gain security and independence is to give birth to a male child. Them husband's wives are welcoming to them and when they express that they find sex painful they urge them to experiment sexually with themselves in order to understand their own desires.
May conceives a child. While this brings further intimacy between May and their husband, they continue to find them unappealing and rejects their sexual advances. They discover that Xuan, the second wife, is having an affair with their husband's son from mistress Ha, their first wife. Due to May rejecting their husband, they return to their first wife and conceives a child with them as well. May prays their own child is a son who will secure their position within the family.
Mistress Ha has a miscarriage and May blames their prayer for a son as the reason for it.  They are reassured by Xuan who tells them that throughout their pregnancies, they too prayed for sons. May realizes that they have burgeoning feelings for Xuan and kisses them Xuan rejects May's advances, brushing it off as a symptom of their pregnancy and telling them they love them like a daughter. May gives birth to a girl.
Mistress Ha's son is of marrying age and their parents conceive of a match for him. In love with Xuan, they try to refuse marriage, threatening suicide.  They are nevertheless pressured to marry a young girl around May's age. Son is disgusted with the marriage and refuses to touch their new bride. After begging their father to annul the marriage, their father attempts to do so but is rejected by the bride's father. Ashamed, the young bride commits suicide.
May contemplates poisoning their daughter with a plant they saw being used to euthanize the family's livestock. The film ends with one of Xuan's daughters, who had once expressed desire to become a man and have many wives, cutting their hair with a pair of scissors.
Cast
Trần Nữ Yên Khê as Hà
Mai Thu Hường as Xuân
Nguyễn Phương Trà My as Mây
Nguyễn Như Quỳnh as Lao
Lê Vũ Long as Hùng
Nguyễn Thành Tâm as Son
Lâm Thanh Mỹ as Liên
Mai Cát Vi as Nhàn
Nguyễn Hồng Chương as Cụ Bá
Bùi Trung Anh as Tuyết's father
Production
The film was financed in part by the Spike Lee Production Fund of the Tisch School of the Arts, which its screenplay had won in 2014. More than 900 girls were auditioned for the lead role. Tran Anh Hung provided artistic consultancy.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2018, where it won the Network for the Promotion of Asian Cinema (NETPAC) Award. In October 2018, it also screened at the San Sebastian International Film Festival, where it won the TVE-Another Look Award, and at the Chicago International Film Festival in the New Directors Film Competition section, of which it won the Gold Hugo, the top prize.
In Vietnam, the film was released on 17 May 2019, only to be pulled four days later, after drawing criticism for allowing the lead actor Trà My, who was 13 at the time of shooting, to act in sex scenes. The scenes were filmed with only female crew and My's mother present on set. My also said they were protected during the filming. On 20 May, the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism ordered the Cinema Department to review the licensing of the film. On 21 May, producers pulled the film from cinemas, citing concerns over online abuse that had been directed at My and their family. On 24 May, the filmmakers were fined 50 million đồng for releasing an unapproved version despite censors' request to make three cuts to the film. Mayfair described the criticism as "a silencing tactic". Regarding the decision to screen the film in Vietnam, they said, "We had to try, even though we knew we could be attacked by a lot of conservative viewpoints. This is a part of our history that is very dark and this kind of history is perpetuating itself in Vietnamese society still. There are so many artists, and specifically female artists, who don't think they can speak out. So I feel that I have done my part."
Between Shadow and Soul
In 2020 Mayfair release a black and white silent version of the film they renamed Between Shadow and Soul. According to composer An Ton That, Mayfair was inspired to rework the film based on a black and white photo they had taken on set during production. While still in post-production they had been toying with making the film black and white however the initial colour version of the film had already been sent out and been accepted into festivals. They nevertheless continued to work on making the film black and white and eventually settled on stripping the film of its dialogue and asking An Ton That to complete an entirely new score to match the new version of they film.
U.S. distributor Film Movement gave the film a limited theatrical release.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of , based on reviews, and an average rating of . The site's critical consensus reads, "The Third Wife uses one woman's experiences as the framework for a reserved period drama whose haunting beauty belies its devastating impact." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 71 out of 100, based on 12 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2018 films
Vietnamese-language films
2018 drama films
Vietnamese drama films
Vietnamese LGBT-related films
Films about polygamy
Child marriage
Films set in Vietnam
Films shot in Vietnam
2018 LGBT-related films
Janki Devi Memorial College (JDMC) is one of the women's colleges of University of Delhi. The college is located at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital Marg, New Delhi. The college is near the Karol Bagh Metro Station.
History
The college was established in the year 1959 by Shri Brij Krishna Chandiwala in the memory of their mother Smt. Janki Devi.
Programmes
Under the aegis of University of Delhi the college offers various undergraduate, postgraduate and short-term courses. Theses are :
Undergraduate
Bachelor of Arts (B.A) Programme
Bachelor of Arts (B.A) Hons.
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) Programme
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) Hons.
Bachelor of Economics (ECO) Hons.
Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) Hons.
Bachelor of Education (B.Ed.)
Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA)
Postgraduate
Master of Arts (M.A)
Master of Commerce (M.Com)
Short-term courses
English language Proficiency Courses (ELPC)
Spanish Language Certificate Course (SLCC)
Notable alumni
External links
Delhi University
1959 establishments in Delhi
Women's universities and colleges in Delhi
Educational institutions established in 1959
Li Daoyu (; born 1932) is a Chinese retired diplomat who served as the Chinese Ambassador to the United States between 1993 and 1998.
Early life
In Aug 1932, Li was born in Hefei, Anhui province, China.
Education
Li graduated from the University of Shanghai in 1952.
Career
In 1952, Li entered the foreign ministry of PRC. From 1952 to 1983, they were an official of the international section of the Ministry and was promoted to vice section chief. In 1983, Li became the vice delegate to Geneva. From 1984 to 1988, Li served as the international section chief of the foreign ministry. In 1988, they became the assistant to the Foreign Minister. From 1990 to 1993, they were the delegate and ambassador to United Nations. From 1993 to 1998, Li served as the PRC's ambassador to the United States. From 1998, Li served in the National People's Congress until their retirement in 2004.
References
Ambassadors of China to the United States
Permanent Representatives of the People's Republic of China to the United Nations
1932 births
Living people
Nanyang Model High School alumni
University of Shanghai alumni
Diplomats of the People's Republic of China
Assonora is a village located in the Bardez taluka of Goa, India. It is located in North Goa, away from Mapusa and away from Panaji. The church of Assonora is St Clara's.
Education institution
The Educational Institution at Assonora, Goa St. Clare's High School, run by The Poor Sisters of Our Lady (PSOL), based at Infant Jesus of Prague Convent, Auchit Waddo, Assonora, Goa.
See also
St Clara's Church (Assonora)
References
Villages in North Goa district
Woodhouse Eaves is a village located on the side of Beacon Hill, in the Charnwood Forest area of Leicestershire, England. It has a mixture of small and large modern houses, with a mixture of cottages, victorian designs, and plenty of greenery. At the 2011 census the population of around 1,300 was included in the civil parish of Woodhouse.
It is a sizeable rural village, having several pubs and a few shops (including a SPAR). The village runs along several main streets, which run from Beacon Hill (a local country park and beauty spot) around the back of Windmill Hill and on towards The Brand and Swithland. The church and a group of houses around The Wheatsheaf are slightly separated from the village centre, in an area near The Brand.
There is an area of Local Authority housing on the main road, near Beacon Hill, and some modern housing, though much of the village is older, including a row of miners' stone cottages on the corner of Maplewell Road.
Nearby are the villages of Quorn, Swithland, and Newtown Linford. Breakback Road leads from the village to Nanpantan and Loughborough.
Woodhouse Eaves has St Paul's Primary School and a Village Hall. The church of St Paul is a granite building with a slate roof, constructed to the designs of William Railton in 1837 and extended by Ewan Christian in 1880.
Woodhouse Eaves has several pubs and restaurants, including the Pear Tree, the Old Bull's Head, The Wheatsheaf and the Curzon Arms. The Woodhouse restaurant closed in 2015 and the site developed for housing.
In the centre of Woodhouse Eaves surrounded by a large wooded area along Brand Hill lane was the former Bradgate Nursing Home, previously the Zachary Merton Convalescence Home which looked after injured war veterans. The home also contained a mental hospital wing known as Beacon Lodge. The building, which was not a listed building, was demolished in 2014.
Students from Woodhouse Eaves usually attend either Rawlins Community College in Quorn, Loughborough Grammar School, De Lisle College or Ratcliffe College.
Notable people
Former Nottingham Forest, Leicester City and England goalkeeper Peter Shilton lived in Woodhouse Eaves.
Tennis player Katie Boulter.
References
External links
Villages in Leicestershire
Borough of Charnwood
Mariane Bargiel (née Tromlitz, formerly Wieck; 17 May 1797 – 10 March 1872) was a German pianist, soprano and piano teacher. They were the mother of Clara Schumann.
Life
Born Mariane Tromlitz in Greiz, they were the first child of George Christian Gotthold Tromlitz (1765–1825), a church musician, music teacher and composer, and their wife Christiana Friederica (née Carl) (1766–1830). Them given name is often reported as Marianne. Them siblings were Georg Wilhelm (1799–1801) and Emilie (1802–1885). Them grandfather was the notable flutist and flute builder Johann George Tromlitz. They received first musical training from their father, and then studied with Friedrich Wieck. In their first public concert at age 15 at the Gesellschaftshaus (society hall) in Plauen, they played the piano quartet by Anton Eberl.
On 23 June 1816, they married their teacher Friedrich Wieck in Oberlosa, Vogtland. The lived in Leipzig. During the first years, they appeared successfully as a pianist and singer, and worked as a piano teacher. The couple had five children, Adelheid (1817–1818), Clara Josephine (1819–1896), Friedrich Alwin Feodor (1821-1885), Gustav (1823–1884) and Victor (1824–1826).
They left their husband on 12 May 1824, and first returned to their parents, with Clara, then age 4 1/2, and Victor, a baby of three months. They were divorced on 22 January 1825. As the father customarily held custody of the children, Clara could stay with their mother only until age five, and lived from 17 September 1824 with their father in Leipzig.
Tromlitz married Adolph Bargiel, a piano and voice teacher, in August 1825, and they moved to Berlin in 1826. They became director of a musical academy there, founded by Johann Bernhard Logier, where they also taught. The couple had four children, Woldemar (1828-1897), Eugen (1830–1907), Cäcilie (1832–1910) and Clementine (1835–1869).
Bargiel is listed as a soprano of the Berliner Singakademie from 1827, as a soloist from 1829. The academy had to be closed in 1830. In 1836, Adolph Bargiel suffered a stroke and died after long illness in 1841.
Bargiel joined Stern'scher Gesangverein as a choir member and soloist, and worked as a piano teacher. They died at age 74 in Berlin on 10 March 1872.
References
External links
German pianists
German music educators
German sopranos
1797 births
1872 deaths
Bharthavu is a 1964 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Sheela, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Ramesh and T. S. Muthaiah in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy and M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Sheela
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Ramesh
T. S. Muthaiah
Prathapachandran
Adoor Pankajam
Baby Vinodini
Bahadoor
Chandran
K. B. Kurup
P. A. Krishnan
Simhalan
T. K. Balachandran
Vijayakumar
Alex
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by M. Krishnan Nair
The enzyme DDT-dehydrochlorinase (EC 4.5.1.1) catalyzes the reaction
1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane 1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethylene + chloride
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically the class of carbon-halide lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane chloride-lyase [1,1-dichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethylene-forming]. Other names in common use include DDT-ase, 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-bis(4-chlorophenyl)ethane chloride-lyase, dehydrohalogenase, and DDTase.
References
EC 4.5.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Queensland Wind and Brass (QWAB) is a community wind ensemble based in Brisbane, Australia. It was formed in 1989 and is composed of approximately 55 amateur and professional musicians.
QWAB plays works written specifically for wind ensembles as well as arrangements of well known pieces. Their performances include themed concerts (From Russia With Love, Movies & Musicals etc.) as well as kids' concerts. QWAB also participates in local and national band competitions.
The group performs at venues throughout Brisbane including New Farm Park, Queen Street Mall, South Bank Parklands and the Old Museum Building. QWAB rehearses in the Old Museum Building.
Queensland Wind and Brass was formed in December 1989 and arose from a need for a high standard musical group for post-secondary musicians.
Since its inception, Queensland Wind and Brass has grown rapidly. In 1991, the group was the highest awarded concert band in the Queensland Festival of Music, Community Ensemble Section. In 1992 and again in 1999, Queensland Wind and Brass was the overall winner of this section where it was awarded the Most Outstanding Performance trophy. In 2001, QWAB came third in the A Grade National Band Competition and first in the A Grade Festival of Music. In 2005, 2006 and 2007 it was the highest awarded Wind Ensemble in the Brisbane City Council's “Battle of the Bands”.
The group consists of both amateur and professional woodwind, brass and percussion players, aged from 17 years upwards. New members are always welcome! Rehearsals currently take place on Tuesday evenings from 7:00pm in the Main Concert Hall of The Old Museum, Bowen Hills.
QWAB's performances include functions and special events, public outdoor venues such as the Brisbane City Mall, festivals and competitions... and of course concerts at major venues, including their "home", The Old Museum Concert Hall.
Themed concerts, such as Movies & Musicals are a QWAB specialty, appealing to a wide range of musical tastes and offering something for everyone.
The QWAB Kids' Concerts are not only very entertaining for the young (and not-so-young!) audience members - they are carefully structured so as to provide a stimulating and inspiring educational experience for young children. Recent kids' concerts have been enormously popular, featuring appearances by Darth Vader (standing in for the conductor) and Harry Potter's theme music.
View the QWAB events page for dates & details of QWAB performances.
QWAB is organised and operated by a dedicated committee consisting of current QWAB members and long-time friends of QWAB.
See also
Community band
Music of Brisbane
Arts and culture in Brisbane
External links
Queensland Wind and Brass
Queensland Wind and Brass Facebook
Wind bands
Lipan is an Eastern Southern Athabaskan language spoken by the Lipan Apache. In 1981, it was reported that there were only 2 or 3 elderly speakers still alive.
Bibliography
Breuninger, Evelyn; Hugar, Elbys; Lathan, Ellen Ann; & Rushforth, Scott. (1982). Mescalero Apache dictionary. Mescalero, NM: Mescalero Apache Tribe.
Gatschet, Albert S. [1884]. Lipan words, phrases, and sentences. (Unpublished manuscript No. 81, Bureau of American Ethnology Archives, Smithsonian Institution).
Gatschet, Albert S. [1885]. Lipan words, clans, and stories. (Unpublished manuscript No. 114, Bureau of American Ethnology Archives, Smithsonian Institution).
Goddard, Pliny E. [1906]. Lipan texts. (Unpublished manuscript in Archives of Traditional Music, Indiana University, Bloomington.)
Hoijer, Harry. (n.d.). Lipan texts. (Available from the American Philosophical Society, Chicago.) (Unpublished field notes, includes handwritten transcription and typed versions, 4 texts, one text published as Hoijer 1975).
Hoijer, Harry. (1938). The southern Athapaskan languages. American Anthropologist, 40 (1), 75-87.
Hoijer, Harry. (1942). Phonetic and phonemic change in the Athapaskan languages. Language, 18 (3), 218-220.
Hoijer, Harry. (1945). The Apachean verb, part I: Verb structure and pronominal prefixes. International Journal of American Linguistics, 11 (4), 193-203.
Hoijer, Harry. (1946). The Apachean verb, part II: The prefixes for mode and tense. International Journal of American Linguistics, 12 (1), 1-13.
Hoijer, Harry. (1946). The Apachean verb, part III: The classifiers. International Journal of American Linguistics, 12 (2), 51-59.
Hoijer, Harry. (1948). Linguistic and cultural change. Language, 24 (4), 335-345.
Hoijer, Harry. (1956). Athapaskan kinship systems. American Anthropologist, 58 (2), 309-333.
Hoijer, Harry. (1956). The chronology of the Athapaskan languages. International Journal of American Linguistics, 22 (4), 219-232.
Hoijer, Harry. (1975). The history and customs of the Lipan, as told by Augustina Zuazua. Linguistics: An international review, 161, 5-37.
Jung, Dagmar. (2000). "Word Order in Apache Narratives." In The Athabaskan Languages. (Eds. Fernald, Theodore and Platero, Paul). Oxford: Oxford UP. 92-100.
Opler, Morris E. (1936). The kinship systems of the southern Athabaskan-speaking tribes. American Anthropologist, 38, 620-633.
Webster, Anthony. (1999). "Lisandro Mendez's ‘Coyote and Deer': On narrative structures, reciprocity, and interactions." American Indian Quarterly. 23(1): 1-24.
References
Apache culture
Indigenous languages of the Southwestern United States
Indigenous languages of the North American Southwest
Southern Athabaskan languages
Indigenous languages of Texas
Indigenous languages of Mexico
Extinct languages of North America
Languages extinct in the 20th century
Zeyneller is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 29 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Pradeep Kumara (born Jayasinghage Pradeep Kumara on 15 August 1972) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman and left-arm slow bowler who played for Police Sports Club. They were born in Colombo.
Kumara made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1998-99 season, against Burgher Recreation Club. In the only innings in which they batted, they scored 7 runs.
They made a single List A appearance, though they did not bat or bowl in the match, against Bloomfield Cricket and Athletic Club.
References
External links
Pradeep Kumara at CricketArchive
1972 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Sri Lanka Police Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Corylopsis reedae is an extinct species of flowering plant in the family Hamamelidaceae known from fossil leaves found in the early Eocene Klondike Mountain Formation deposits of northern Washington state. C. readae is one of the oldest occurrences of the winter-hazel genus Corylopsis, which includes between seven and thirty species, all found in Asia. Fossils from two other occurrences are of similar age to C. readae, with Paleocene specimens from Greenland being placed in the form taxon Corylopsiphyllum and an Eocene Alaskan fossil being included in Corylopsis without species placement.
History and classification
Corylopsis reedae is represented by a single counterpart compression fossil specimen from the Ypresian-aged Klondike Mountain Formation that outcrops in Republic, Ferry County, Washington. The age of the formation is based on Argon–argon dating, which has returned a date of 49.4 ±0.5 million years old. The fossil was recovered from the "Corner lot", University of Washington site UWBM A0307, located within the city limits of Republic.
The holotype specimen for Corylopsis reedae is numbered UWBM 71085 and currently preserved in the paleobotanical collections of University of Washington in Seattle, Washington. The specimen was studied by paleobotanists Meghan G. Radtke and Kathleen B. Pigg of the School of Life Sciences, Arizona State University, and Wesley C. Wehr of the Burke Museum of Natural History and Culture in Seattle. Radtke, Pigg and Wehr published their 2005 type description for C. readae in the International Journal of Plant Sciences. The etymology of the specific name readae was derived from Katherine ("Kitty") M. Reed in honor of their contributions to the Tertiary stratigraphy and paleontology of the Pacific northwest.
Description
The specimen used for the description of C. readae is an incomplete simple, elliptical leaf. The preserved section of leaf is long with the overall length estimated to have been approximately and is at the widest point. The base of the specimen is slightly asymmetric with a 102° angle, also slightly obtuse. The pinnate secondary veins diverge from the primary vein at an angle ranging from 18° near the base to 13°-14° nearing the center area of the leaf. They form a craspedodromous pattern with the secondaries alternating along the primary vein. The basal most secondary veins produce numerous compound agrophic veins. The preserved teeth on the fossil show simple teeth with straight bases and concave apexes, though due to the lack of full teeth the overall length of the teeth is not known.
References
Corylopsis readae
Flora of Washington (state)
Fossil taxa described in 2005
Plants described in 2005
Ypresian plants of North America
Extinct flora of North America
Klondike Mountain Formation
The Alcudia bridge disaster (Spanish: Catástrofe del Puente de Alcudia) was a train incident in the province of Ciudad Real, Spain, on 27 April 1884. With 59 reported deaths, it became by far the largest train disaster in the country up to that date.
History
The bridge, inaugurated in 1864, is located at kilometre point 279 of the Madrid–Ciudad Real–Badajoz railway line, between the stations of Chillón and Almadenejos. The line was owned by the (MZA).
The events took place in the early morning of 27 April 1884, at about 04:00 AM, when a locomotive (along several carriages and cages with sheep) derailed off the bridge. The flow of the river was very high compared to its usual modest flow due to rain fallen in previous days.
The disaster brought 59 deaths, 54 of them soldiers of the infantry regiment Castilla and 3 soldiers of the infantry regiment Granada, as well as two civilians. There was 56 injured, who were moved to the hospital of Almadén (those critically injured) and Almadenejos.
The incident report was jointly drafted by engineers employed by the Spanish State and MZA. The experts reported one of the three pillars of the bridge had been cut down, prompting the contemporary press to talk about an alleged premeditated sabotage.
The train drivers were indicted of homicide and injuries, and the trial started in 1885. The sentence cleared both the workers and MZA.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Railway accidents and incidents in Spain
1880s in rail transport
1884 in Spain
Railway accidents in 1884
History of the province of Ciudad Real
Province of Ciudad Real
April 1884 events
The Advertising Club of New York, also known as The Ad Club and originally called the Sphinx Club, is an advertising industry group promoting self-regulation, professional training and good fellowship. The Advertising Club of New York is the only organization to bring the industry together across all disciplines – marketing, media and agencies – in the name of exchanging ideas and best practices for business and thought leadership. Offering the community access to conversations and key influencers, inspiration and recognition for creativity, the best training for professional development, and a movement for diversity.
Origins
In 1896, a group of eight advertising men in New York City began meeting for lunch on a regular basis to share ideas on the business that sustained them. They called themselves the Sphinx Club, and in 1906 the growing group incorporated as the Advertising Men's League, ultimately becoming The Advertising Club of New York in 1915.
Most of The Ad Club's early years were spent at the landmark Stanford White building at 23 Park Avenue, where Ad Club members, including the young Bill Paley, J.C. Penney, and Bill Bernbach, conducted business in the main dining room over lunch.
Initiatives
1906: First formal course in advertising to be offered by an educational institution at New York University (NYU).
1911: The first supporter of the "truth in advertising" program, which remains a hallmark of consumer protection and formed the first "Vigilance Committee", which evolved into today's Better Business Bureau.
1923: Held the first-ever advertising exposition at the 71st Regiment Armory to much acclaim, with an attendance of over 58,000.
1949: Founded the Advertising Hall of Fame immortalizing 10 giants of our industry the first year, and many more until it was turned over to the American Advertising Federation in 1973.
1964: Founded the International ANDY Awards to recognize creative excellence in advertising and to raise the standards of craftsmanship in industry.
List of presidents
2005-Present Gina Grillo, Executive Director
2003–2005 Renee V. H. Simons, Managing Director, J P Morgan Chase
2001 - 2003 Robert Mate, VP/Publishing Director, Meredith Corporation
1999 - 2001 Carla Loffredo, Sr. Partner/Director, Brand Comm, J. Walter Thompson
1998 - 1999 Steven Farella, jordanmcgrathcase & partners
1997 - 1998 Joanne Davis, Bozell Worldwide
1996 - 1997 R. Jeffrey Petersen, Architectural Digest
1995 - 1996 Ronald S. Fierman, Warwick Baker O'Neill
1994 - 1995 Susan C. Russo, The New York Times
1993 - 1994 Wenda Harris Millard, Family Circle
1991 - 1993 Wilder D. Baker, Warwick, Baker & Fiore
1989 - 1991 William F. Marlieb, General Media International
1987 - 1989 Richard D. O'Connor, Lintas: Campbell-Ewald
1985 - 1987 Leslie Winthrop, Advertising Agency Register
1982 - 1985 Judy Guerin de Neco, Judy Guerin, Inc.
1981 - 1982 Michael Chamberlin, Lebhar-Friedman
1979 - 1981 Fred R. Messner, Poppe Tyson
1978 - 1979 Al Ries, Ries, Cappiello, Colwell
1976 - 1978 Michael Chamberlin, Lebhar-Friedman
1974 - 1976 Edward Malluk, Timely Linens
1973 - 1974 Vincent A. Carberry, Precision Valve Corporation
1971 - 1973 Charles E. Ballard, Winius-Brandon Company
1969 - 1971 Milton Riback, Milton Riback, Inc.
1967 - 1969 William T. Leslie, TWA
1964 - 1967 Walter B. Bruce, American Can
1963 - 1964 Mervin P. Bickley, United Airlines
1960 - 1963 Horace H. Nahm, Hooven Letters
1959 - 1960 Gene Flack, Sunshine Biscuit Co.
1957 - 1959 Robert M. Gray, Esso Standard Oil
1955 - 1957 Thomas B. Haire, Haire Publishing
1953 - 1955 George A. Phillips
1951 - 1953 George S. McMillan, Bristol-Myers
1950 - 1951 Frank M. Head, United Cigar-Whelan Stores
1948 - 1950 Andrew J. Haire, Haire Publishing
1946 - 1948 Eugene S. Thomas, Bamberger Broadcasting Service
1944 - 1946 Allan T. Preyer, Vick Chemical Company
1942 - 1944 John A. Zellers, Remington Rand
1941 - 1942 I.S. Randall
1939 - 1941 G. Lynn Sumner, G. Lynn Sumner Co.
1937 - 1939 Lowell Thomas, television anchor
1935 - 1937 H.B. LeQuatte, Churchill-Hall Advertising
1932 - 1935 Grover A. Whalen, John Wanamaker
1930 - 1932 Charles E. Murphy, Murphy, Block, Sullivan & Sawyer
1929 - 1930 James Wright Brown, Editor & Publisher
1927 - 1929 Gilbert T. Hodges, New York Sun
1925 - 1927 James P. GillroyCharles C. Green, Charles C. Green Advertising Agency
1923 - 1925 H.H. Charles, H.H. Charles Advertising Service
1922 - 1923 C. King Woodbridge, The Dictaphone Co.
1921 - 1922 Frank E. Fehlman, Churchill-Hall Advertising
1919 - 1921 George W. Hopkins, Columbia Gramophone Co.
1919 - 1919 F.A. Wilson-Lawrenson, Associated Press
1917 - 1919 George B. Sharpe, DeLavel Separator Co.
1914 - 1917 Harry Tipper, Automotive Industries
1908 - 1914 William H. Ingersoll, Robert Ingersoll & Bros.
1907 - 1908 Gerald B. Wadsworth
1906 - 1907 Charles Capehart
1896 - 1905 Data not available
References
External links
Advertising organizations
Business organizations based in the United States
Clubs and societies in New York City
Organizations established in 1896
1896 establishments in New York City
Advertising in the United States
Two human polls comprised the 1986 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
XXIV Corps (24th Corps) was a U.S. Army Corps-level command during World War II and the Vietnam War.
History
World War II
XXIV Corps was activated at Fort Shafter, Hawaii, on 8 April 1944. It participated in the invasion of Leyte in the Philippine Islands on 20 October 1944, with the 7th Infantry Division and 96th Infantry Division its major combat units. During the campaign on Leyte and aided by Filipino regular and constable force of the Philippine Commonwealth Army and Philippine Constabulary military units, the 77th Infantry Division came under control of XXIV Corps.
From 1 April to 30 June 1945, XXIV Corps and its divisions participated in the invasion of Okinawa. In September 1945, after the surrender of Japan, XXIV Corps moved to Korea, where it remained on occupation duty until its inactivation on 25 January 1949.
Vietnam
XXIV Corps was created on 15 August 1968 to replace the "Provisional Corps Vietnam," a temporary headquarters (known as MACV Forward Command Post or MACV Forward between 25 January and 10 March) created 10 March 1968 during the Tet Offensive. Upon its formation, XXIV Corps was placed under the operational control of the III Marine Amphibious Force to control the activities of U.S. Army ground combat units deployed in northern South Vietnam and had its headquarters at Phu Bai until 9 March 1970, when it relocated to Camp Horn, Da Nang. At that time it assumed control of all U.S. ground forces in I CTZ, with all remaining Marine units coming under its operational control until their withdrawal. During its service in Vietnam XXIV Corps was a component command of Headquarters, US Army Vietnam (USARV).
Area of responsibility and units assigned
XXIV Corps' area of responsibility was I Corps Tactical Zone ("Eye Corps"), later renamed Military Region 1, which comprised the five northernmost provinces of the South Vietnam. At various times it controlled the following units:
1st Cavalry Division (Airmobile)
23rd Infantry Division (Americal)
101st Airborne Division (Airmobile)
1st Brigade, 5th Infantry Division (Mechanized)
3rd Brigade, 82nd Airborne Division
173rd Airborne Brigade
196th Infantry Brigade (Light)
108th Artillery Group
III Marine Expeditionary Force
3rd Marine Amphibious Brigade
Task Force Clearwater (U.S. Navy)
Task Force Ivy AN KHE closer January 1, 1971 thru February 1971 (US ARMY)
Inactivation
XXIV Corps was inactivated on 30 June 1972 in the final stages the withdrawal of U.S. ground combat forces from Vietnam, and its assets formed the basis for its successor, the First Regional Assistance Command (FRAC).
Commanders
Major General John R. Hodge (9 April 1944 – 15 August 1948)
Major General John B. Coulter (1948-9)
Lt. General Richard Stilwell (1968–9)
Maj. General Melvin Zais (1969–70)
Lt. General James W. Sutherland (1970–1)
Lt. Gen. Welborn G. Dolvin (1971-2)
Deputy commanders
Major General Raymond G. Davis (March 1968 - May 1968)
Major General Clifford B. Drake (May 1968 - June 1969)
Major General Edwin B. Wheeler (June 1969 - April 1970)
Major General George S. Bowman Jr. (April 1970 - August 1970)
Chiefs of Staff
Brigadier General Crump Garvin (1944–46)
Brigadier General Oliver B. Patton (1968–71)
Artillery commanders
Brigadier General Arthur M. Harper (1944 - 44)
Brigadier General Josef R. Sheetz (1944–45)
Chief Engineer
Brigadier General Frederic B. Butler (1947)
Notes
References
Stanton, Shelby, Vietnam Order of Battle,
24
South West Pacific theatre of World War II
Leyte
Leyte
Military units and formations of the United States Army in the Vietnam War
24
Military units and formations established in 1944
Military units and formations disestablished in 1972
Kendall Terrace () is an ice-free volcanic ash terrace extending along the northwestern side of Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1957 for Lieutenant Edward N. Kendall, Royal Navy, the surveyor on HMS Chanticleer, who made the first survey of Deception Island in January–March 1829.
References
Terraces of Antarctica
Geography of Deception Island
Piscicoccus intestinalis is a species of bacteria from the family Dermatophilaceae which has been isolated from the gut of the fish Repomucenus richardsonii from Japan.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2011
Monotypic bacteria genera
Dorcadion veluchense is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1903. It is known from Greece.
References
veluchense
Beetles described in 1903
Tinglof Peninsula () is an ice-covered peninsula, 10 nautical miles (18 km) long, between Henry and Wagoner Inlets on the north side of Thurston Island. It was delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in December 1946. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Iver (Ivor) Tinglof, tractor mechanic of the Second Byrd Antarctic Expedition in 1933–35, who, at Little America, built the first heavy cargo sleds for use in the Antarctic.
Smith Cliff is a rock cliff midway along the ice-covered northern shore of the peninsula. It was photographed by the Eastern Group of Operation Highjump and later named by US-ACAN after aviation radioman William F. Smith, an aircrewman from the operation.
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Peninsulas of Ellsworth Land
Dorcadion globithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Jakovlev in 1895. It is known from Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan.
See also
Dorcadion
References
globithorax
Beetles described in 1895
Sakar ( ; also ) is a mountain in southeastern Bulgaria, between the rivers Maritsa, Tundzha, Sokolitsa and Sazliyka and close to the borders with Greece and Turkey. The mountain's highest peak is Vishegrad at 856 m.
Sakar is one of the richest regions in Bulgaria in terms of endangered birds of prey populations. Sakar is widely known for the wines produced in the area, but tobacco growing remains a leading occupation. The region's most important administrative centre is the town of Topolovgrad in Haskovo Province.
Honour
Sakar Peak on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named after Sakar Mountain.
Landforms of Haskovo Province
Mountains of Bulgaria
A general election was held in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Tuesday, November 5, 1974. All of the state's executive officers—the Governor, Secretary of State, Auditor, Treasurer, and Superintendent of Public Instruction—were up for election. Democratic gubernatorial nominee Edgar Herschler won a sizable victory in the gubernatorial election, and while Democrats generally improved their margins in the other statewide races, they fell short in all four.
Governor
Incumbent Republican Governor Stanley Hathaway opted to retire rather than run for a third consecutive term. Former State Senator Dick Jones won a close Republican primary to succeed him, and faced former State Representative Edgar Herschler, the Democratic nominee, in the general election. Despite the growing Republican dominance in Wyoming, Herschler took advantage of the national Democratic wave and defeated Jones by a sizable margin, becoming the first Democrat to win a gubernatorial election in the state since 1958.
Secretary of State
Incumbent Republican Secretary of State Thyra Thomson ran for re-election to a fourth term. In the Democratic primary, attorney Charles Carroll, a new arrival to the state, beat out Paul Crane, the son of former Governor Arthur G. Crane. However, despite the national Democratic wave and Edgar Herschler's large victory, Thomson's personal popularity allowed them to defeat Carroll in a landslide.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Charles Carroll, attorney
Paul Crane, son of former Governor Arthur G. Crane
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Thyra Thomson, incumbent Secretary of State
Results
General election
Results
Auditor
Everett T. Copenhaver resigned as State Auditor on June 30, 1973, and Governor Stanley Hathaway appointed Deputy State Treasurer Ed Witzenburger as their replacement. Though Witzenburger would have been eligible to seek re-election to a full term as Auditor, they came to an agreement with State Treasurer Jim Griffith, who was barred from seeking a second consecutive term, to instead run for Treasurer so Griffith could run for Auditor. Griffith won the Republican primary unopposed, and no Democrats initially filed to run against him. However, former State Representative Bob Adams, despite losing the primary for State Treasurer, received 59 write-in votes in the Democratic primary, was offered the nomination, and ended up accepting it. Griffith ultimately defeated Adams by a wide margin, winning their first of three terms as State Auditor.
Democratic primary
No Democratic candidates filed for State Auditor. However, former State Representative Bob Adams received 59 votes as a write-in in the Democratic primary, despite not campaigning, and was offered the nomination. Richard Ford Pew, an oil fortune scion who served as George McGovern's Wyoming state coordinator for their 1972 presidential campaign, received 55 votes and Adams said that they would step aside if Pew wanted the nomination. However, Pew declined the nomination and Adams ultimately accepted it.
Republican primary
Candidates
Jim Griffith, Wyoming State Treasurer
Results
General election
Results
Treasurer
Incumbent Republican State Treasurer Jim Griffith was unable to seek re-election to a second term because of a constitutional bar on state treasurers succeeding themselves, so they came to an agreement with appointed State Auditor Ed Witzenburger in which Griffith ran for Auditor and Witzenburger ran for Treasurer. Witzenburger won the Republican primary unopposed and faced former State Representative Elizabeth Phelan, who had previously sought the Democratic nomination for Treasurer in 1970, in the general election. Witzenburger fell significantly short of Griffith's strong performance in the election four years prior, and ended up barely defeating Phelan, winning by a little more than 4,000 votes.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Elizabeth Phelan, former State Representative, 1970 Democratic candidate for Treasurer
Bob Adams, former State Representative, former State Representative from Laramie County, 1970 Democratic candidate for Treasurer, 1966 Democratic nominee for Treasurer, 1962 Democratic nominee for Treasurer, 1958 Democratic nominee for State Auditor, 1954 Democratic nominee for State Auditor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Ed Witzenburger, Wyoming State Auditor
Results
General election
Results
Superintendent of Public Instruction
Incumbent Republican Superintendent of Public Instruction Robert G. Schrader ran for re-election to a second term. Two Democrats filed to oppose him: former teacher Sydney Spiegel and John Seyfang, the Superintendent of Schools in the city of Worland. Spiegel narrowly defeated Seyfang in the primary and advanced to the general election against Schrader. Even though most statewide races tightened as the outlook improved for Democratic candidates, Seyfang improved on their margin of victory from four years prior, defeating Spiegel in a landslide.
Democratic primary
Candidates
Sydney Spiegel, former Cheyenne teacher
John Seyfang, Worland Superintendent of Schools
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
Robert G. Schrader, incumbent State Superintendent of Public Instruction
Results
General election
Results
References
Wyoming
Fuzion Frenzy is a launch title for the Microsoft Xbox. At its core, Fuzion Frenzy is a four-player party game featuring 45 different mini-games (not including the titular Fuzion Frenzy). A demo of the game was included with some other launch titles in the U.S., including Halo, Munch's Oddysee, Project Gotham Racing and Amped.
A sequel was later released for the Xbox 360, entitled Fuzion Frenzy 2.
Gameplay
Up to four players can compete in two different game modes: "Tournament" or "Mini-Game Frenzy". Mini-Game Frenzy is the simpler of the two, involving players selecting individual mini-games while an ongoing tabulation of wins per player is maintained. In contrast, the Tournament mode is the core game mode, where players attempt to earn the highest number of points after playing through two or more play zones.
There are a total of six zones in the game:
Coliseum - Rolling Ball and Ice Car mini-games.
Downtown - Fireworks and Music mini-games.
Outlands - Demolition and Tail-bone mini-games.
Military Base - Pod and Tank mini-games.
Power Station - Hopper and Splat mini-games.
Waterfront - Jetboat and Orb mini-games.
During game setup, players choose from one of six characters (the differences are cosmetic only), with the remaining player slots being filled by computer AI. The number of zones to play through is also selected (2, 4, or 6). The exact zones which are used during play (if fewer than 6) are determined randomly, in addition to the order in which the zones are played. Unlike other party games such as the Mario Party series or Sonic Shuffle, Fuzion Frenzy has no overarching game board, rather, players proceed from one random mini-game to another, and from zone to zone, in a randomized order. The traversal between zones is depicted as a route on a map which never crosses itself, limiting the possible transitions between zones.
In each zone, three random mini-games are played. For mini-games which are team games, players are paired randomly. Some mini-games are timed, and some are not. Mini-games that are timed usually have a time limit of either 60 seconds (1:00) or 90 seconds (1:30) to play, though some even last for 120 seconds (2:00). Most un-timed mini-games have a "last player standing wins" rule. At the conclusion of each mini-game, players (or teams) are awarded a number of orbs (6, 4, 2, or 0) proportional to their final standing (1st through 4th) in the event. If there is a tie for 1st, 2nd, or 3rd place; the orbs are split proportionally. Regardless, the orbs accumulate throughout the zone. Once a new zone begins, the players start from scratch.
Once the third mini-game is finished, the zone ends with the special "Fuzion Frenzy" mini-game. Each player must decide whether to bank their orbs (converting each orb directly into 10 points), or put them into play for this Fuzion Frenzy. Players are free to wager any number of orbs, including any or all of the orbs they collected, but they have to wager at least 3 orbs.
The players are then put in an arena, where glowing orbs appear at random. Some of these orbs are colorless, while others are the colored orbs wagered by the players. Within 80 seconds (1:20), each player attempts to grab orbs and deliver them to the goal zones in order to score points. Players can only pick up colorless orbs or orbs that match their color. However, once a player picks up an orb, it becomes colorless, and others players can steal it by attacking the carrier. Players can carry more than one orb at once, and delivering more than one orb at a time provides a score bonus.
When the 80-second (1:20) timer ends, the points earned in the Fuzion Frenzy are added to a player's total, and it is this total that determines the eventual winner of the zone. Thus, anyone who didn't finish first after the three mini-games may still win the overall zone by performing exceptionally well in the Fuzion Frenzy. If there is a tie between two or more players at the end of the final Fuzion Frenzy, a tie-breaker mini-game is played to determine the winner.
Characters
There are six playable characters in the game:
Reception
The game received above-average reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. NextGen called it "the best party game you can buy for Xbox – OK, it's the only party game you can buy for Xbox, but at least it's fast and fun."
By July 2006, the game had sold 680,000 copies and earned $16 million in the U.S. NextGen ranked it as the 93rd highest-selling game launched for the PlayStation 2, Xbox or GameCube between January 2000 and July 2006 in that country.
References
External links
2001 video games
Microsoft games
Party video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Xbox games
Xbox Originals games
Xbox-only games
Blitz Games Studios games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
pt:Fuzion Frenzy
Ranney Nunatak () is a nunatak in the southwest extremity of Gutenko Nunataks, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land. It was first mapped by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), 1939–41, and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Charles R. Ranney, ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station, 1969.
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
Baigneuses: Deux nus dans un paysage exotique (also called Bañistas: dos desnudos en un paisaje exótico and Bathers: Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape) is an oil painting created circa 1905 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger (1883–1956). Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape is a Proto-Cubist work executed in a highly personal Divisionist style during the height of the Fauve period. The painting is now in the Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection, Spain (Colección Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza).
Description
Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape is an oil painting on canvas with dimensions 116 x 88.8 cm (45 3/8 by 35 in), signed Metzinger (lower right). The work—consistent in style with other works by Metzinger created circa 1905–1906, such as Femme au Chapeau (Woman with a Hat)—represents two nude women, one seen from the rear and the other from a more frontal position, in a lush, tropical, or subtropical setting. The landscape contains a wide variety of exotic geometrized elements (trees, bushes, flowers, a lake or river, a mountain range and a partly cloudy sky). Metzinger's use of color in Two Nudes is extremely Fauve; quasi-pure reds, greens, blues and violets, juxtaposed in groups as if randomly.
While the two nudes are treated with rather natural colors, the rest of the canvas appears treated with more artificial tints, tones, hues and shades. Unlike other Fauve works of the same period by Henri Matisse, André Derain, Maurice de Vlaminck or Kees van Dongen, Metzinger's composition is strongly Cézannian. The vertical format and light colors of the sky and treatment of foreground and background elements create a flattening of spatial perspective, reminiscent of Georges Seurat, or Paul Cézanne's 'multiple viewpoints', their search for order, discipline and permanence. However, the brushstrokes and overall appearance are not at all Cézannian in nature.
History
By 1905 Neo-Impressionism had witnessed a major resurgence, with recent exhibitions by Maximilien Luce (Galerie Druet, March 1904), Paul Signac (Galerie Druet, December 1904), Georges Seurat (Salon des Indépendants, 1905), Henri-Edmond Cross (Galerie Druet, March–April 1905). Metzinger's unique style of Neo-Impressionism resulted from the unification of several influences in addition to that of Seurat and Cézanne; that of Vincent van Gogh, with their heavy impasto, dense brushstrokes; and—following posthumous retrospective exhibitions at the Salon d'Automne in 1903 and 1906—that of Paul Gauguin, with its exotic sumptuousness and sensuality. By this time Metzinger had already developed a full-fledged Divisionist facture with large, bold mosaic-like brushwork, beyond that of Cross or Signac.
In statement made circa 1907 regarding their mosaic-like Divisionism—where both size and direction of their cubes of color are fundamental to the rhythm of the painting—Metzinger cites parallels with Neo-Impressionism painters and Symbolist literature:
"I ask of divided brushwork not the objective rendering of light, but iridescence and certain aspects of color still foreign to painting. I make a kind of chromatic versification and for syllables I use strokes which, variable in quantity, cannot differ in dimension without modifying the rhythm of a pictorial phraseology destined to translate the diverse emotions aroused by nature." (Metzinger, 1907)Jean Metzinger, ca. 1907, quoted in Georges Desvallières, La Grande Revue, vol. 124, 1907, as cited in Robert L. Herbert, 1968, Neo-Impressionism, The Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, New York
This statement seems to relate directly to Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape as well as other works of the same period such as La Danse (Bacchante), and Coucher de soleil no. 1 (ca.1906)
"Metzinger's Neo-Impressionist period was somewhat longer than that of their close friend Delaunay." Robert Herbert writes: "At the Indépendants in 1905, their paintings were already regarded as in the Neo-Impressionist tradition by contemporary critics, and they apparently continued to paint in large mosaic strokes until some time in 1908. The height of their Neo-Impressionist work was in 1906 and 1907, when they and Delaunay did portraits of each other (Art market, London, and Museum of Fine Arts Houston) in prominent rectangles of pigment. (In the sky of Coucher de soleil, 1906-1907, Collection Rijksmuseum Kröller-Müller is the solar disk which Delaunay was later to make into a personal emblem.)"
The vibrating image of the sun in Metzinger's painting, and so too of Delaunay's Paysage au disque (1906–1907), "is an homage to the decomposition of spectral light that lay at the heart of Neo-Impressionist color theory..." (Herbert, 1968) (See, Jean Metzinger, Rijksmuseum Kröller-Müller, Otterlo)
Each individual square of pigment associated with another of similar shape and color to form a group; each grouping of color juxtaposed with an adjacent collection of differing colors; just as syllables combine to form sentences, and sentences combine to form paragraphs, and so on. Now, the same concept formerly related to color has been adapted to form. Each individual facet associated with another adjacent shape form a group; each grouping juxtaposed with an adjacent collection of facets connect or become associated with a larger organization—just as the association of syllables combine to form sentences, and sentences combine to form paragraphs, and so on—forming what Metzinger would soon describe as the 'total image'.
The bilateral symmetry inherent in Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape is striking (even if only as an approximation). The proto-Cubist geometry is solidly constructed but the equilibrium is unstable or short-lived. Each tile of pigment juxtaposed one next to the other forms a section of the painting, containing between 10 and 50 'tiles'. Each section is dominated by blues, reds, and greens. There is no smooth transition between this section. The painting is divided, fragmented, splintered or faceted into series, not only of individual rectangles, squares or 'cubes' of color, but into individual planes or surfaces delineated by color and form, already pointing towards Cubism.
That is not say that Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape belongs to analytic or synthetic Cubism. It does not. The subject is viewed from one point of view, not several. There is no true 'mobile perspective', any more than in the works of Cézanne or Seurat. But a departure from nature it was, and a departure from all that had been painted to date it was too; a precursor in style, certainly, one that would resurface in the works of Metzinger and others (Gino Severini, Robert Delaunay, Piet Mondrian) several years later, within the context of Cubism.
Cubic and pictorial phraseology
Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape signified more than just the incorporation of a radical geometry that would free Metzinger and others from the confines of nature as any artwork executed in Europe to date. This indeed was Neo-Impressionism, Divisionism, albeit in a highly altered form. Beyond the decomposition of spectral light at the core of Neo-Impressionist color theory, Two Nudes surpassed the teachings of Cross or Signac. It contained "iridescences", in Metzinger's terms, certain "aspects of color still foreign to painting". It contained a "chromatic versification", as if for syllables. The rhythm of its pictorial phraseology translated the diverse emotions aroused by nature. It no longer represented nature as seen, but was a complete byproduct of the human 'sensation.'
Art critic Louis Chassevent, writing about the 1906 Salon des Indépendants, used the word "cube" with reference to Jean Metzinger and Robert Delaunay, two and a half years before similar references would be made by Louis Vauxcelles to baptize the Proto-Cubist or Cubist works Pablo Picasso or Georges Braque. Recognizing the difference between Metzinger and their contemporaries Louis Chassevent wrote in 1906:
"M. Metzinger is a mosaicist like M. Signac but they bring more precision to the cutting of their cubes of color which appear to have been made mechanically." (Robert Herbert, 1968, Neo-Impressionism, The Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, New York)
The following year Metzinger and Delaunay shared an exhibition at Berthe Weill's gallery (1907). They were singled out by Louis Vauxcelles as Divisionists who used large, mosaic-like 'cubes' to construct small but highly symbolic compositions.
One and a half years later, November 1908, Vauxcelles, in their brief review of Georges Braque's exhibition at Kahnweiler's gallery, called Braque a daring man who despises form, "reducing everything, places and a figures and houses, to geometric schemas, to cubes.
Exhibitions
Le néo-impressionnisme, de Seurat à Paul Klee, catalogue Editions de la Réunion des musées nationaux, pp. 360–361, Musée d'Orsay, Paris, 15 March – 10 July 2005
Gauguin y el viaje a lo exótico, catalogue no. 34, p. 146, Museo Thyssen-Bornemiza, Madrid, 9 October 2012 – 13 January 2013
Femina Feminae, Muses and the Collector, From Piazzetta to Delaunay, 10 Museu Carmen Thyssen Andorra, October 2018 – 10 September 2019
Provenance
Zwemmer Gallery, London
Private Collection (acquired from the above in 1951)
Acquired in 1982, private collector
Sotheby's London, Impressionist & Modern Art, Day Sale, 4 February 2004, Lot 251
Lot Notes:
The present work is one of a small number of Metzinger compositions fusing a broad, divisionist facture with a fauve palette. This group, which includes the celebrated Paysage coloré aux oiseaux exotiques (Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris), represented the artist's response to the Salon d'Automne of 1905, a review of which saw Louis Vauxcelles coin the term 'Fauve' to describe the circle of artists using bright colour and broad brushstrokes. While on this occasion Metzinger did not exhibit with Matisse, Braque and Vlaminck, since 1904 they had shown alongside these artists who were gaining notoriety as Fauves, notably at the Salons des Indépendants.
In the departure from the Neo-Impressionist manner of Metzinger's early years, Baigneuses: Deux nus dans un paysage exotique substitutes the exuberant palette and broader handling of their peers. In both composition and facture though, the work retains a rather more rigorous structure than other Fauve landscapes of the period. Its arcadian subject and a mosaic-like application of paint give a uniquely individual flavour to what Metzinger termed their 'chromatic poetry'.
Carmen Thyssen-Bornemisza Collection, Spain
See also
Deux Nus
Femme au Chapeau
Paysage coloré aux oiseaux aquatique
References
External links
Jean Metzinger Catalogue Raisonné entry page for Two Nudes in an Exotic Landscape
Jean Metzinger: Divisionism, Cubism, Neoclassicism and Post Cubism
Agence Photographique de la Réunion des musées nationaux et du Grand Palais des Champs-Elysées
Le néo-impressionnisme, de Seurat à Paul Klee. Marina Ferretti Bocquillon et al, exhibition catalogue, Musée d'Orsay, Paris. Editions de la Réunion des musées nationaux, 2005, pp. 360–361
Gauguin y el viaje a lo exótico, n. 34 p. 146, Madrid, Museo Thyssen-Bornemiza
Gauguin y el viaje a lo exótico, virtual tour, see images Bajo las palmeras I and Bajo las palmeras II
Paintings by Jean Metzinger
Proto-Cubist paintings
1905 paintings
1906 paintings
Nude art
Landscape paintings
Portraits of women
Paintings in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum
Water in art
Andrew Dales (born 13 November 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for Mickleover as a winger.
Club career
Born in Derby, Dales spent 10 years with the youth team of Derby County after joining at the age of 9. They were offered a professional contract by Derby in 2013.
They then played non-League football with Mickleover Sports, and trained with the V9 Academy, before signing for Scunthorpe United in June 2018. They scored on their professional debut on 4 August 2018.
Dales was loaned to Scottish Premiership club Dundee in January 2019. They moved on loan to Hamilton Academical in January 2020.
In November 2020 they moved on loan to Altrincham. They were one of 17 players released by Scunthorpe at the end of the 2020–21 season.
They returned to Mickleover ahead of the 2021–22 season.
International career
Dales was an England C international.
Career statistics
References
1994 births
Living people
English footballers
Derby County F.C. players
Mickleover Sports F.C. players
V9 Academy players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
Dundee F.C. players
Hamilton Academical F.C. players
Altrincham F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
National League (English football) players
Association football wingers
Senator Etheridge may refer to:
Emerson Etheridge (1819–1902), Tennessee State Senate
Samuel Etheridge (1788–1864), Michigan State Senate
Forest Etheredge (1929–2004), Illinois State Senate
Since the early twentieth century there is a significant overlap between Christian fundamentalism and millennialism in the United States and belief in false conspiracy theories such as those in Pat Robertson's 1991 book, The New World Order. Ed Stetzer wrote that Christians should repent of spreading false conspiracy theories and fake news online, which they say "directly violates Scripture's prohibition from bearing false witness against our neighbors". They argued that "The Seth Rich conspiracy theory is a textbook example of false witness... Without seriously defending their claims, conservative Christians across the country accused their neighbor of murder."
See also
Blood libel
References
Sources
Further reading
Christian fundamentalism
Conspiracy theories
Christian fundamentalism
Solaria is a genus of South American plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Allioideae, tribe Gilliesieae, native to Chile and Argentina.
The genus is named in honor of Chilean mathematician Francisco Borja de Solar.
Species
Solaria atropurpurea (Phil.) Ravenna - Chile (O'Higgins, Santiago)
Solaria attenuata Ravenna - Chile, Argentina (Neuquén)
Solaria brevicoalita Ravenna - Chile (Maule)
Solaria curacavina Ravenna - Chile (Santiago)
Solaria cuspidata (Harv. ex Baker) Ravenna - Chile (Coquimbo)
Solaria miersioides Phil. - Chile
References
Amaryllidaceae genera
Allioideae
George Washington Brown is a pseudonym used by two musicians:
Pete Gofton (born 1975), English musician and producer
Van Dyke Parks (born 1943), American composer, arranger, producer, musician, singer, and actor
See also
George Washington Browne (1853–1939), Scottish architect
George Brown (disambiguation)
The men's triple jump event at the 1979 Summer Universiade was held at the Estadio Olimpico Universitario in Mexico City on 10 and 11 September 1979.
Medalists
Results
Qualification
Qualification mark: 16.00 m
Final
References
Athletics at the 1979 Summer Universiade
1979
Donald Mark Petrie (born April 2, 1954) is an American film director and actor.
Life and career
Petrie was born in New York City, New York, the son of Dorothea (née Grundy), a television producer, actor, and novelist, and Daniel Petrie, a director.  They are the brother of writer Daniel Petrie, Jr.
Petrie began their entertainment career as an actor, having trained and graduated from California State Northridge as a theatre major. Donald soon was appearing in many television episodes. In 1980, Donald decided to shift their focus to directing when they were accepted as a Fellow at the American Film Institute.
Petrie has acted and guest-starred on television programs since 1976.
Filmography
Films
Mystic Pizza (1988)
Opportunity Knocks (1990)
Grumpy Old Men (1993)
The Favor (1994)
Richie Rich (1994)
The Associate (1996)
My Favorite Martian (1999)
Miss Congeniality (2000)
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days (2003)
Welcome to Mooseport (2004)
Just My Luck (2006) (Also producer)
My Life in Ruins (2009)
Atlantic Gold (2013)
Little Italy (2018)
TV movies
Why on Earth? (1988)
Turner & Hooch (1990)
Country Estates (1993)
TV series
References
External links
1954 births
American male film actors
American film directors
American people of Canadian descent
American male television actors
American television directors
Living people
Male actors from New York City
Comedy film directors
Trevor King (born 28 May 1960) is a British biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
British male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Great Britain
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Southampton
IV: Deasupra tuturor is the third studio album by Romanian hip hop group B.U.G. Mafia. It was released on November 10, 1997, by Cat Music in Romania, receiving universal acclaim from the group's fans as the way the tracks sounded was noticeably different from the previous three albums. It went on to sell over 55,000 copies with basically no promotion at all, due to the violent nature of its content, and it remains one of the best-selling hip hop albums in Romania. B.U.G. Mafia's fans have repeatedly ranked it as a classic among the group's albums.
Track listing
Track listing
All song titles, notes, samples, writing and production credits are according to the album booklet.
Lyrics by Tataee, Caddilac, Uzzi, Puya and Don Baxter.
References
External links
IV:Deasupra Tuturor at Discogs
1997 albums
B.U.G. Mafia albums
Carrotblanca is a 1995 8-minute Looney Tunes cartoon. It was originally shown in theaters alongside The Amazing Panda Adventure (in North America) and The Pebble and the Penguin (internationally). It was subsequently released on video packaged with older Looney Tunes cartoons and was included in the special edition DVD, and later HD DVD and Blu-ray, releases of Casablanca, the film to which it is both a parody and an homage. At the time of release, WB did not own the rights to Casablanca (such rights were with Turner Entertainment – they still technically hold the film today, but WB became responsible for distribution a year after the short's release as a result of their parent company's purchase of Turner in 1996). Like the original film, Carrotblanca is set during World War II.
Unlike the previous modern Looney Tunes shorts, this short was not made by the Greg Ford/Terry Lennon team nor Chuck Jones Film Productions. It was produced by the Animaniacs writing team at Warner Bros. Feature Animation. Carrotblanca was the only Looney Tunes short produced by that group of writers and the Feature Animation division.
The short involves nearly all the major Looney Tunes characters in roles from the film, including Bugs Bunny as Rick, Daffy Duck as Sam and Pepé Le Pew as Captain Renault. Some characters use their real names, others the names of the characters in the original film, or parodic versions. Several minor Looney Tunes characters can be seen in the background (such as Pete Puma as a waiter wearing a kaftan and fez, and Giovanni Jones and The Crusher as the maitre d' and doorman; a customer at a table is Gossamer; Sam Sheepdog as General Pandemonian's driver)
Plot
General Pandemonium (Yosemite Sam as Major Strasser) gets a frantic call from Foghorn Leghorn saying that a secret German document has been stolen, and immediately heads for the Carrotblanca nightclub―the Cafe Au Lait Americain featuring "Eleanor Roosevelt's All girl revue" . At the nightclub, Usmarte (Tweety Bird as Ugarte, depicted like Peter Lorre), the actual thief, convinces Bugs Bunny (as Rick Blaine) to take the document.
Meanwhile, Sylvester Slazlo (as Victor Lazlo) and their wife Kitty Ketty (Penelope Pussycat as Ilsa Lund) arrive at the club. Ketty attracts the unwanted attention of Captain Louis (Pepé Le Pew) but they scratch them and throws them into the wall. Ketty, who is the ex-girlfriend of Bugs, asks Daffy Duck (as Sam) to play their favorite song. General Pandemonium suspects Sylvester may know about the document and binds them in their office. Ketty pleads with Bugs to help Sylvester out of this. Though Bugs is initially reluctant due to the fact that Ketty broke their heart, they go to the General's office nevertheless and confuses the General themselves into jail.
The story climaxes with Sylvester and Ketty escaping on the plane for Toronto, New York City and Cucamonga, as Bugs watches them go... except that they find Louis on the plane working as a flight attendant. Louis asks Ketty, "Coffee, tea, or moi?", causing them to jump out of the plane in fright, seemingly without a parachute, landing right in front of Bugs. They kiss, then the parachute opens, covering them.
The Warner Bros. Family Entertainment logo appears with "That's All Folks!" written on top of it. Tweety pops up and ends off the cartoon saying (in Peter Lorre's voice) "That's All Folks!"
This cartoon contains the Looney Tunes-logo, but the Merrie Melodies-leader can be heard.
Cast
Greg Burson as Bugs Bunny, Foghorn Leghorn, Pepé Le Pew and Airport PA Announcer
Joe Alaskey as Daffy Duck and Sylvester
Bob Bergen as Tweety and Crusher
Maurice LaMarche as Yosemite Sam
Tress MacNeille as Penelope Pussycat
Cameos
Porky Pig
Sam Sheepdog
Spike and Chester
Granny
Pete Puma
Beaky Buzzard
Giovanni Jones
Elmer Fudd
Rocky and Mugsy
Foghorn Leghorn
Gossamer
Barnyard Dawg
Miss Prissy
Reception
Common Sense Media rated it 5 out of 5 stars.
Home media
It was released on the DVD set "The Essential Bugs Bunny", and it was released on the special edition of Casablanca. It was later released on the Looney Tunes Parodies Collection DVD.
References
External links
Carrotblanca at the Big Cartoon Database
1995 films
1995 animated films
1995 short films
1990s American animated films
1990s animated short films
1990s romance films
1990s parody films
Casablanca (film)
Looney Tunes shorts
1995 drama films
American romance films
1990s romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Bugs Bunny films
Daffy Duck films
Porky Pig films
Pepé Le Pew films
Beaky Buzzard films
Films scored by Richard Stone (composer)
Films set in 1941
American World War II films
Warner Bros. Animation animated short films
1990s Warner Bros. animated short films
Foghorn Leghorn films
Yosemite Sam films
Elmer Fudd films
Tweety films
Sylvester the Cat films
1990s English-language films
John Cuthbertson (10 March 1932 – 1966) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1932 births
1966 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Kayıkiraz is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 59 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Tommy Engel (, ; born 1949) is a German musician and actor. They were the lead singer of German band Bläck Fööss through 1994, and has released albums as a solo performer.
Works (selection)
() (in cooperation with Klaus Heuser)
References
German male singers
German male television actors
Living people
1949 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Albert Darasz (in Polish Wojciech Władysław Darasz, 25 November 1808, Warsaw, 19 August 1852, London) was a leading figure in the Polish National Liberation Movement. They took part in the 1830-1831 insurrection in Poland. Darasz also belonged to the democratic group of Polish emigrants and was a member of the Central Committee of European Democracy.
 They are buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.
References
External links
William James Linton (1812–97), From “A Threnody: In Memory of Albert Darasz”.
1808 births
1852 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Polish revolutionaries
Urfeld am Walchensee is a village in the municipality of Kochel am See in the distrcit Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the northwest shore of Lake Walchensee.
Famous people in Urfeld
(Source:)
† Johann Wolfgang von Goethe — September 1786
Ferdinand Graf von Spork — in the period 1875–1902
Hans Freiherr von Wolzogen — in the period 1883–1898
Hermann Rietschel — in the period 1886–1914
Berthold Kellermann — 1884
Georg von Vollmar — in the period 1889–1922
Wolfgang Heine — in the period 1905–1944
Otto Borngräber — in the period 1905–1928
Franz Seraph von Pfistermeister — in the period 1909–1912
Peter Emil Recher — in the period 1913–1948
Lovis Corinth — in the period 1918–1925
Paul Kalbeck — 1920
Arnold Zweig — in August 1923
Werner Heisenberg — in the period 1939–1976
‡ Colin Ross — April 1945
‡ ‡ Baldur von Schirach and Henriette von Schirach — in the period 1939–1945
Günther Lüders — in the period 1954–1975
Notes
† Goethe went incognito in Urfeld as "Johann Philipp Möller from Leipzig" at the beginning of their first trip to Italy on September 7, 1786.
‡ Committed suicide with their wife Elizabeth on 29 April 1945 in the house of Baldur von Schirach.
‡ ‡ Schirach and Ross were administrators of the Hitler Youth otherwise known as the Hitlerjugend.
References
External links
Biography: Baldur von Schirach
Colin Ross from German Wikipedia
Villages in Bavaria
Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen
Dominican College of Racine was a college in Racine, Wisconsin founded in 1864 as St. Catherine's Female Academy and later known as St. Albertus Junior College (1935–1946), Dominican College (1946–1957), Dominican College of Racine (1957–1972), and College of Racine (1972–1974).
History
It was founded in 1864 in Racine by the Sisters of the Order of St. Dominic as St. Catherine's Female Academy
In 1888, a normal school was added to the Academy to train young women of the community for the teaching profession.
In 1924, St. Catherine's High School was built in Racine and the Academy closed, but the normal school continued to operate until 1935 when St. Albertus Junior College replaced it.
In 1935, accreditation was obtained from the University of Wisconsin
In 1946, the school changed its name to Dominican College, added a fourth year of study, admitted full-time lay students for the first time and the State Department of Education granted approval for the school to confer Bachelor of Science degrees in Music and Education.
In 1948, the first graduation ceremony was held with 6 graduates and a full-time advisory board was instituted.
In 1955, the Congregation of St. Catherine of Sienna purchased 25 acres of lake frontage, five miles north of Racine, as a site for an expanded campus and
In 1957, the school was incorporated as Dominican College of Racine, Incorporated and the following year, groundbreaking occurred at the new campus
In September 1960, the school moved to the new campus with 363 full and part-time students and a faculty of 30 nuns, 2 priests and a lay business manager.
In 1962, it was accredited by North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and purchased additional land
In 1968, management of the college was transferred from the Dominican Sisters to an independent nondenominational board.
In 1970, after Mount Saint Paul College in Waukesha, WI, closed its doors, it merged with Dominican College of Racine. (Mount St. Paul initially was founded for seminarians and then later accepted other students.)
In 1970, the college also underwent a major administrative reorganization, involving restructuring of administrative positions and responsibilities, and replacement of the traditional academic departments with four broad divisions.
In 1972, a program offering a Masters of Science Degree in Education was introduced, and the college changed its name to the College of Racine.
In 1973, it joined the Union of Experimenting Colleges and Universities and introduced the Racine Plan, a year-round academic program of six short terms.
Sports
In 63-64 Dominican's basketball team was known as the Shakespearean Players. When Paul Pryor was hired during the first part of 64-65, they began by changing the name to the Squires. The school started playing intercollegiate basketball in the 1964-1965 season. They continued to play under the name of the Squires In addition to basketball, the 1966-67 Squires also participated in intercollegiate golf, tennis and softball. By 1968, the school had changed its nickname to the Lakers.
During the 1973-1974 school year, Bill Cofield was hired as athletic director and basketball head coach, becoming the nation's first black athletic director and head coach at a predominantly white institution of higher learning.
Bo Ryan began their collegiate coaching career in 1973 as an assistant coach under Bill Cofield, the Dominican basketball team went 14-15 that year. During that same season, Ryan would earn the first of many Coach of the Year honors in their career as head coach of the Dominican baseball team.
Student organizations
Student organizations at the college included
Actors Studio
Alpha Phi Omega (National Scout Fraternity), Rho Phi Chapter
Alpha Mu Gamma, Delta Zeta Chapter
Arcato (Photo Club)
Association for the Advancement of Blacks
Chi Gamma Gamma
Confraternity of the Christian Doctrine
Delta Kappa Chi Sorority
Dominican College Players
Epsilon Alpha Delta Fraternity
Family Life Club
Gamma Delta Iota Fraternity
International Club
Lakefront Players
Lambda Iota Tau
National Federation of Catholic College Students
National Student Association
Phi Omega Psi Fraternity
Progressive Party
Sigma Theta Phi Sorority
Silence
Sodality of Our Lady
Student National Education Association, Dominican College Chapter
Student Rathskeller
Notable faculty and alumni
Faculty
Bill Cofield - American basketball coach and was the first African American head coach of a major sport in the Big Ten Conference
Paul Pryor - National League Umpire
Bo Ryan - Head Coach of University of Wisconsin–Madison Badgers men's basketball team
Alumni
Robert R. Bruno Jr. - American artist, inventor, and business person
Marcel Dandeneau '60, '74 - Member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
George N. Gillett, Jr. '61 - Businessman
William D. Lutz '62 - American Linguist
Rose Thering '53 - Roman Catholic Dominican Religious Sister, who gained note as an activist against antisemitism
See also
List of former schools in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee
References
Educational institutions established in 1864
Educational institutions disestablished in 1974
Defunct private universities and colleges in Wisconsin
Education in Racine County, Wisconsin
1864 establishments in Wisconsin
The Chrysler World Headquarters and Technology Center (CTC) is the North American headquarters and main research and development facility for the automobile manufacturer Stellantis, formerly known as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA). The 504-acre complex is located next to Interstate 75 in Auburn Hills, Michigan, a northern suburb of Detroit. Completed in 1996, the complex has of usable space, placing it among the largest buildings in the world by floor space.
History
Before moving to the Auburn Hills headquarters, Chrysler was based at the Highland Park Chrysler Plant campus, which predated the formation of the company itself. It was located along I-75, roughly 1 mile southeast of the Highland Park Ford Plant.
Planning for the Chrysler Technology Center began in 1984, and construction started in the fall of 1986. The facility was largely complete upon its dedication on October 15, 1991, and it reached full occupancy in 1993. During construction, a new exit with direct access to the complex was added to I-75.
On September 9, 1992, Chrysler announced that they would move their headquarters from the Highland Park complex to a new building at the Technology Center. Ground was broken on the 15-floor expansion in 1993, and it was completed in 1996. The tower, designed by SmithGroup, features a massive 35-foot-tall window at the top shaped like the company's Pentastar logo. At 249 feet tall, it is the tallest building in the city of Auburn Hills. The company's North American operations have been based in the tower since it was completed in 1996, including the entire DaimlerChrysler and Fiat Chrysler eras.
The Walter P. Chrysler Museum, opened in October 1999, was also located on the CTC campus. The museum closed in 2012. It reopened, with reduced hours, in 2016, and closed permanently in December that year. Chrysler then converted the museum building to office space, and it currently houses the US headquarters of Maserati and Alfa Romeo. Most of the vehicles from the museum were moved to an FCA facility in Detroit, but have not been on public display since.
Since the mid-2000s, Chrysler has regularly wrapped the west side of the tower with large advertisements for the company's vehicles, visible to motorists passing the complex on I-75.
Stellantis also maintains offices at the historic Chrysler House in downtown Detroit.
Design
CRSS Architects designed the Chrysler World Headquarters and Technology Center in a cross-axial formation where its elongated atrium topped concourses converge with an octagonal radiant skylight at its center. The rounded-off exterior corners of the tower are meant to evoke a polished car body.
The facility includes a full laboratory level with various wind tunnels, evaluation road, noise, vibration, and harshness testing facility, electromagnetic compatibility center, climatic wind tunnel (able to create rain, snow, and extreme temperatures),and pilot production plant. A training center was included from the start, with a teleconferencing center and fitness center. The basement hallways are large enough for two cars to pass each other, allowing some testing within the building; and the test cells have their own separate foundation, to avoid vibrating the rest of the complex.
During the automotive industry crisis of 2008–2010, some automotive news sites reported that the complex was designed to be converted to a shopping mall. This theory was later disproved, based on mall industry analysis and speculation from local real estate investors.
See also
Chrysler House
Lee Iacocca
List of the largest buildings in the world
Sergio Marchionne
Walter P. Chrysler
History of Chrysler
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
CTC history and facilities (Allpar)
Buildings and structures in Oakland County, Michigan
Chrysler
Auburn Hills, Michigan
Corporate headquarters in the United States
Office buildings completed in 1996
1996 establishments in Michigan
Kailis forced labor camp (kailis is Lithuanian for fur) was a Nazi labor camp for Jews in Vilnius (pre-war Second Polish Republic, post-war Lithuanian SSR) during World War II. It was based on a pre-war fur and leather factory and mostly produced winter clothing for the German military. At its peak, after the liquidation of the Vilna Ghetto in September 1943, the camp housed about 1,500 Jews. The camp was liquidated and its workers executed at Ponary on 3 July 1944, just ten days before Red Army captured the city.
Establishment
There were several fur and leather workshops and factories in Vilnius, most of them owned by Jews. After the Soviet occupation in June 1940, private enterprises were nationalized. The three fur factories Furs, Nutria, and Ursus were consolidated and merged into one fur factory. One factory was located behind the Vilnius Town Hall. Almost immediately after the German invasion of Russia in June 1941, the factory was given orders to produce winter clothing for the Wehrmacht. Its director took measures to protect factory workers who were mostly Jewish from the atrocities committed in the Vilna Ghetto and Ponary massacre. For example, on 9 September, the director successfully petitioned the German administration to dedicate four houses within the ghetto to workers of Kailis.
On 5 October 1941, the factory was moved to the larger premises of the evacuated radio receiver factory Elektrit. The move was arranged by Oscar Glik, an Austrian Jew who managed to obtain Volksdeutsche papers and later, in effect, became director of the factory. At the time, the factory had 448 workers. Together with family members (a total of about 800–1,000 people), they lived in two large buildings at the factory site. It was a relatively safe place; the workers were one of the first to receive work permits (known as yellow Schein) that protected them from Aktions – round ups for executions at Ponary. Ghetto inhabitants considered Kailis workers as "privileged" and resented them.
The "quiet period"
On 18 January 1942, the factory suffered a major fire. The cause is not entirely clear. According to Abraham Sutzkever, it was a sabotage action by Fareinigte Partizaner Organizacje (FPO), but Isaak Kowalski stated that it was an accident. During the investigation, Germans discovered that Glik was a Jew and executed them and their wife.
In May 1942, Germans conducted a census in the Generalbezirk Litauen of the Reichskommissariat Ostland. The census counted 1,016 people from 348 families at Kailis. 1942 was the "quiet period" which provided an opportunity to establish some cultural life at the camp. The Jews established a school for children, a small library, sports competitions. The camp had its own Jewish police and clinic.
Liquidation
In August–September 1943, Vilna Ghetto was liquidated and only the Kailis and HKP 562 forced labor camps and two other small groups remained in the city. The population of Kailis swelled up. Many Jews used the camp as a temporary refuge before finding a better hideout or joining the Jewish partisans in the forests. According to Yitzhak Arad, about 600 Jews passed through the camp. On 15 October, Bruno Kittel conducted a thorough inspection of the camp and executed about 30 Jews who could not account for their presence at the camp. The inspections were carried out a few more times. In November, Kailis received a new commander, SS-man Richter. They instituted a greater control of the camp and compiled a list of its residents. The list contained about 1,350 names, though another 100 or so were too afraid to register.
On 27 March 1944, the camp's children under age 16 were rounded up in an operation commanded by Martin Weiss. They were taken to the train station; their further fate is not known. Without a concrete evidence of their fate, various rumors spread. The Black Book published a testimony that the children were taken to Kraków where they were used as blood and skin donors for injured German soldiers. On 20 April, 80 workers from Kailis were taken to Ponary to exhume and burn corpses according to the Sonderaktion 1005. On 3 July 1944, remaining workers of Kailis were rounded up, transported to Ponary, and executed. In total, about 2,000–2,500 Jews from various camps were executed in Ponary that day.
Notes
References
1941 establishments in Lithuania
1944 disestablishments in Lithuania
History of Vilnius
Nazi concentration camps in Lithuania
Vilna Ghetto
Southeast Maluku Regency () is a regency of Maluku, Indonesia. It is coincident with the Kei Islands, except that the city of Tual, although within the Kei Islands geographically and the seat of the Regency's administration, is technically independent of the Regency. The land area of the Regency is 1,031.81 km2, while the sea area administered by the regency was 3,181 km2; it had a population of 96,442 at the 2010 Census; this increased to 127,843 at the 2020 Census. The capital is located in Langgur.
Administrative Districts
At the time of the 2010 Census the regency was divided into six districts (kecamatan), but by 2016 five additional districts had been created by the division of the existing districts. These are tabulated below with their land and sea areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages in each district (a total of 185 rural desa and 6 urban kelurahan) and its postal code.
Notes: (a) includes 33 offshore islands. (b) includes 16 offshore islands. (c) includes 2 offshore islands. (d) the 2010 population of Hoat Sorbay and Manyeuw Districts were included in the figure for Kei Kecil District, from which they were split off. (e) the 2010 population of Kei Kecil Timur Selatan District was included in the figure for Kei Kecil Timur District, from which it was split off. (f) includes 10 offshore islands. (g) includes 3 offshore islands. (h) includes 8 offshore islands. (i) the 2010 population of Kei Besar Utara Barat District was included in the figure for Kei Besar District, from which it was split off. (j) the 2010 population of Kei Besar Selatan Barat District was included in the figure for Kei Besar Selatan District, from which it was split off.
Transport
A small airport named Dumatubun Airport located in Langgur urban midwest.
Climate
Langgur, the seat of the regency has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with moderate rainfall from July to October and heavy to very heavy rainfall from November to June.
References
External links
Regencies of Maluku (province)
Mukhtar Sahota is a British Punjabi music composer and producer, associated with the group Sahotas.
After the 2004 tsunami in Asia and the 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Sahota produced the charity single "We Can Make it Better". A R Rahman arranged the strings.
Sahota releases their music via their own label, Internalmusic.
Sahota has produced songs for a number of Bollywood films.
Albums produced by Mukhtar Sahota for Sahotas
Solo albums & singles produced by Mukhtar Sahota
Films
Various musical projects
Rock in the Temple - Collaboration with Des Sherwood
Stage 3 - Ministry of Sound 2003 Compilation Album
Ilahi - Religious Islamic Nasheed Album 2009 for Suhail Najmi
References
External links
Mukhtar Sahota Website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British rock musicians
British composers
Bhangra (music)
British film score composers
English film score composers
English male film score composers
Experimental composers
Hindi film score composers
Punjabi people
20th-century English composers
20th-century Indian musicians
20th-century British male musicians
Agios Panteleimonas or Aghios Panteleimonas ( ) is a neighbourhood of Athens, located northwest of the centre of Athens between Viktorias Square and Attikis Square. The main street of the district is Acharnon Avenue. The neighbourhood's name is owed in the big church of Agios Panteleimonas (Saint Pantaleon), built in this area during the interwar period.
The church
Agios Panteleimonas, often referred to as Agios Panteleimonas Acharnon because is located along Acharnon Avenue, is one of the biggest churches in Balkans. Its erection started in the 1920s and was one of the first buildings built by concrete. At first, only the foundations and the big cupola were built. For a while the works stopped and continued after the second World War. The temple finally completed during the 1970s.
Tensions
During the late 2000s, many immigrants from countries of the Middle East and Africa settled in Agios Panteleimonas. The rapid increase in immigrants without permanent housing and work in the district brought about an increase of delinquency. The gradual ghettoisation of the area has resulted in a negative reaction by residents and the increase in support of far-right organisations.
Sports
Agios Panteleimonas hosts the basketball club Aetos B.C. with current presence in A2 Ethniki basketball (second division).
References
Neighbourhoods in Athens
The Sooke Region Museum is a museum in Sooke, British Columbia, Canada, which explores the human and natural heritage of the region from East Sooke to Port Renfrew on the southern tip of Vancouver Island. Started in 1977, the museum is open year round.
The museum is unusual in Canada as it receives core funding as a result of a referendum where 83% of local residents voted to raise their property taxes to provide operating funds, subsequently the local governments decided to make funding more stable by making the museum a service. The museum also operates the official Visitor Information Centre for the area and a temporary exhibit space. There are outdoor exhibits and a main museum building. One of its most visible attractions is a lighthouse that was originally on Triangle Island, off the north tip of Vancouver Island. The museum averages over 40,000 visitors a year.
The museum operates a gift shop and does special tours, including traditional salmon BBQ's. The museum is also the location of the annual Sooke Summer Night Market. The museum has been involved in both commemorating and exploring the heritage of the region, including helping in the discovery of a historic bake oven in the wilderness and another they have located on their grounds. The museum is currently working on restoring two small rail engines, which they hope to soon have on display. The museum also publishes books, most recently Bringing Water to Victoria. There is also an archival collection housing documents and photographs. The museum has been upgrading its facilities with the support of various agencies, including the federal government. The museum has programs for children.
The museum founded the annual Sooke Fine Arts Show, the largest juried art show on Vancouver Island. They ran the show for 20 years, it is now operated by a separate society. The museum is operated by the Sooke Region Historical Society, which is incorporated under the BC Society's Act and is also a federal registered charity.
The first curator of the museum was Elida Peers, for this and other works they received the Order of British Columbia, which is the highest honour that the Province of British Columbia gives. They continue to volunteer at the museum as the historian.
References
Museums in British Columbia
"All We Needed" is a song by British singer Craig David. The song was released as a digital download in the United Kingdom on 11 November 2016 by Sony Music. The song features on their sixth studio album, Following My Intuition (2016). It was released as the official single for Children in Need 2016. Peaking at number 42, it was also the lowest-charting Children In Need single for 21 years.
Background
On 11 November 2016, David announced that the song would be the official Children in Need 2016 single.
Track listing
Credits
Lead vocals – Craig David
Lyrics – Craig David, Rachel Furner
Label: Sony
Charts
Release history
References
2016 songs
Songs written by Craig David
Craig David songs
2016 singles
Children in Need singles
Songs written by Tich (singer)
Pop ballads
Contemporary R&B ballads
American Samoa sent a delegation to compete at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway from 12–27 February 1994. This was the territory's first, and as of the conclusion of the 2018 Winter Olympics, only Winter Olympics they have competed in. The delegation consisted of two athletes, Faauuga Muagututia and Brad Kiltz, who competed in the two-man bobsleigh event where they finished 39th.
Background
The American Samoa National Olympic Committee was recognized by the International Olympic Committee on January 1, 1987, and the territory made its Olympic debut the next year at the 1988 Seoul Olympics in South Korea. They have competed in every Summer Olympics since, but have only participated in the Winter Olympic Games this once, in 1994 in Lillehammer. For the 1994 Winter Olympics, the territory's delegation consisted of one two-man bobsleigh team. Faauuga Muagututia was chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
Bobsleigh
Brad Kiltz, who was 36 years old at the time of the Games, is a native of Evansville, Indiana, able to compete for American Samoa because the American territory has the same nationality as the United States. Faauuga Muagututia, who was 35 years old at the time of the Games, is a native of American Samoa. Muagututia, as the driver, was the only one required to be from American Samoa. At the time of the Games, Muagututia was serving in the United States Navy as a SEAL, while Kiltz was working as a carpenter.
The two-man bobsleigh event was held in four runs over two days, on February 19–20, 1994. Final standings were based on the sum of all four runs for each team. On the 19th, in runs 1 and 2, they posted a time of 55.57 seconds and 55.25 seconds, respectively. At the end of the first day, they were ranked 42nd out of 43 sleds. On the second day, they posted run times of 55.06 and 55.16 seconds. Their faster times on the second day allowed them to finish with a time of 3 minutes and 41.04 seconds, which placed them 39th out of 42 sleds which completed all four runs.
See also
American Samoa at the Olympics
References
Nations at the 1994 Winter Olympics
1994
1994 in American Samoan sports
Pump-handle is a movement of the ribs that results in a change in the anteroposterior diameter of the thorax.
Definition
One of the most important functions of the ribs and diaphragm is the change in volume of the thorax that helps inspiration and expiration. In general, the ribs move around two axes. The anterior end of the rib is lower than the posterior end; therefore, during elevation of the rib, the anterior end also moves forwards. Movement at costovertebral joints 2 to 6 about a side-to-side axis results in raising and lowering the sternal end of the rib, the "pump-handle" movement. This occurs mostly in the vertebrosternal ribs. In elevation, this increases the anteroposterior diameter of the thorax.
See also
Bucket handle movement
References
http://www.duhs.edu.pk
External links
Thorax (human anatomy)
Respiration
Leon Winfield Christmas, usually called Lee Christmas (February 2, 1863 – January 21, 1924), was an American mercenary in Central America.
Early life and career
Lee Christmas was born on February 2, 1863, on a plantation on the Amite River in Livingston Parish, Louisiana. As a young man, they worked as a pilot on tugboats on Lake Pontchartrain and later became a railroad brakeman living in McComb, Mississippi, for the Illinois Central System in 1879. They helped to build the Louisville, New Orleans and Texas Railroad, and returned to passenger service as a baggage master before the line was completed. They then became a firefighter and was promoted to engineer by age 22.
Christmas ran locomotives between Memphis and New Orleans until 1897, when they fell asleep at the controls after 54 hours on duty and caused a collision with an oncoming train. They were fired by Illinois Central and found odd jobs for the next three years, until they demanded an investigation of their collision. Because they had been on duty for 54 hours, they were exonerated, but then was unable to be re-hired as an engineer because they could not pass a new test for color-blindness.
Central America
In November 1894, Christmas moved to Puerto Cortes, Honduras. Again employed as a railroad engineer, their train was captured by rebels at Laguna Trestle on April 14, 1897, and Christmas joined their cause. They exhibited dashing bravery in their first battle on that day, and was congratulated by the revolution's leader, Manuel Bonilla. They earned the nickname "the Incredible Yanqui", and Bonilla immediately made them an officer.
Christmas defected to the government forces in 1899 and was appointed a colonel and chief of police of Tegucigalpa by President Terencio Sierra, in May 1902. Defecting again in 1903, Christmas accepted a position as aide to rebel Bonilla. When Bonilla became president of Honduras, they appointed Christmas a general. Perhaps to assert their toughness or to intimidate the natives, Christmas had been known to chew on glass.
Bonilla's abortive invasion of Nicaragua in 1907 led to their overthrow by General Miguel Dávila. Christmas was wounded in the fighting and exiled to Guatemala.
Battle of La Ceiba
In 1910, banana magnate Samuel Zemurray of Cuyamel Fruit Company desired to change regimes in Honduras, because Dávila's government was planning financial deals that would increase Zemurray's business costs. Zemurray hired Christmas to organize a military coup that would install Bonilla back in power, against the wishes of the United States government. Christmas hired about 100 mercenaries in New Orleans, including famed Jewish soldier Sam Dreben. Zemurray supplied the weapons and transportation. Their first attempt at revolution in 1910 was a failure.
The group attempted revolution a second time the following year, with a reorganized force using US Army surplus Colt Model 1895 machine guns and transported on a former United States Navy vessel. Gaining soldiers from the local population, Bonilla's rebels captured Trujillo and Iriona, and cemented their victory at the Battle of La Ceiba on January 25, 1911. Christmas used their machine guns for fire support of the infantry with interlocking fields of fire, inflicting some six hundred casualties on the government forces.
This is believed to be the first time automatic weapons were so used, and La Ceiba was studied by military professionals in Europe and the Americas. This tactical use of machine guns would become standard practice in the First World War. Bonilla resumed the presidency of Honduras, with Christmas as their military commander
Later career
After Bonilla's death in 1913, Christmas lost their influence and worked odd jobs. They attempted to volunteer for World War I, but was rejected because they were over 50 years old. They eventually acquired patents as an inventor, developing a rattrap that needed no bait, and a railroad safety device to prevent accidents when engineers fell asleep.
Christmas lived in New Orleans, Guatemala, and Nicaragua, attempting various investments and business schemas.
While in Central America, Christmas began to suffer from tropical sprue, and returned to the United States in hopes of receiving treatment. They died in New Orleans some months later, on January 21, 1924, of acute anemia brought about by the disease.
Christmas was widely written about in their lifetime, and is believed to be the inspiration for Richard Harding Davis' novels Captain Macklin and Soldiers of Fortune.
The University of Tennessee has papers donated by Mrs. Marion Samson of Abilene, Texas in 1958. They include correspondence to and from Christmas, and an invitation to their wedding to Ida Culotta at Puerto Cortés, Honduras, in 1914.
References
Further reading
The Incredible Yanqui: The Career of Lee Christmas (1931), Hermann Bacher Deutsch, Longmans, Green and Company
Mercenary: The hard-drinking drifter who changed the fate of a nation (2015), David Gaughran, Lexington, KY
External links
"From a Whorehouse to a White House"
The Hoghead Who Became Dictator of Honduras.
1863 births
1924 deaths
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
American inventors
American locomotive engineers
American mercenaries
History of Honduras
People from Livingston Parish, Louisiana
People of the Banana Wars
Tuberculosis deaths in Louisiana
People born in the Confederate States
The McCrone Research Institute is a not-for-profit educational and research organization for microscopy located in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Dr. Walter C. McCrone in 1960. With more than 30,000 enrollments since its incorporation, it is the largest private, independent, nonprofit microscopy and microanalysis institution in the United States dedicated solely to the teaching of microscopists. McCrone Research Institute maintains over one hundred polarized light and various other light microscopes in addition to electron microscopes, spectrometers, and scientific digital imaging systems for use in any of its over 50 intensive one-week courses offered each year.
The McCrone Research Institute incorporates enhanced lecture rooms and laboratories, a museum, library, reference collections, atlases, databases, and other teaching materials relating to microscopy and microanalysis in its own building and is the principal microscopy training organization for tens of thousands of practicing scientists in environmental, forensic, industrial, government, and university laboratories worldwide.
The McCrone Research Institute also conducts basic and applied scientific research related to its mission of expanding particle analysis capabilities and using microscopical and microanalytical techniques to address problems in forensic, industrial, pharmaceutical, environmental and conservation sciences. This research is currently funded internally and by selected grants, contracts and cooperative agreements associated with a variety of academic institutions, government agencies and corporations. Located in the same Chicago neighborhood since its inception in 1960, McCrone Research Institute is recognized as a world-class, Illinois research organization on the forefront of the technological frontier.
Microscope Publications, a division of the McCrone Research Institute, is publisher and provider of microscopy textbooks, handbooks, and atlases including The Particle Atlas, the world's first atlas of microscopic particles, The Microscope Series Handbooks, and the international journal, The Microscope, founded in 1937.
The McCrone Research Institute sponsors the Inter/Micro Conference in Chicago. These meetings were first organized in 1948 and feature a symposium, exhibition, and workshops on light and electron microscopy. Each year since 1984 Brian J. Ford has presented the popular "An Evening with Brian" which offers controversial views of world affairs from a microscopist's viewpoint.
Additionally, the institute maintains a program for certification in applied chemical microscopy and awards certificates for successful completion of its microscopy and microanalysis courses.
References
External links
McCrone Research Institute
Research institutes in Illinois
Organizations based in Chicago
Microscopy organizations
Causey Bank Mires is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Derwentside district of County Durham, England. It lies alongside and to the west of the Tanfield Railway, just under 1 km north of the Causey Arch.
The site consists of a series of flushes with scrub, surrounded by acid and neutral grassland, a habitat with a restricted distribution in County Durham. A number of locally rare plant species are found in the area, including globe-flower, Trollius europaeus.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Fisher Football Club is a football club based in Rotherhithe, Southwark, England. The club was established in 2009 after Fisher Athletic folded. Affiliated to the London Football Association, they are currently members of the and play at the St Paul's Sports Ground.
History
The club was established in 2009 by members of the Fisher Supporters Trust when Fisher Athletic was wound up in the High Court due to financial problems and closed down. The working name AFC Fisher was initially used, before the current name was settled on. The new club were accepted into the Kent League for the 2009–10 season, and were unanimously elected into the Premier Division at the league's AGM in June 2009. Former Fisher Athletic assistant manager Gary Lisney was appointed manager on 26 June.
Fisher finished bottom of the Kent League in 2010–11, but were not relegated. In 2013 the league was renamed the Southern Counties East League, and when the Kent Invicta League became its Division One in 2016, Fisher became members of the Premier Division. They finished second-from-bottom of the Premier Division in 2016–17 and were relegated to Division One. However, under manager Dean Harrison, a third-place finish in Division One the following season was good enough to earn promotion and an immediate return to the Premier Division for the 2018–19 season, where the side confounded expectation by finishing in third place having led the division for a large part of the winter. Harrison resigned in May 2019 and during the close season former Ilford FC manager Allan Fenn was appointed in their place.
Ground
The club initially groundshared at Dulwich Hamlet's Champion Hill, where Fisher Athletic had been playing since 2004, but began work on a new ground on Salter Road close to Fisher Athletic's old Surrey Docks Stadium. The ground opened in 2016, with the first match on 30 July, a 4–0 win against Farnborough OBG. In 2018, St Paul's Sports Ground hosted a number of games in the CONIFA World Cup.
Records
Best FA Cup performance: Second qualifying round, 2022–23
Best FA Vase performance: Second round, 2019–20
See also
Fisher F.C. players
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in England
Football clubs in London
Fan-owned football clubs in England
Association football clubs established in 2009
2009 establishments in England
Phoenix clubs (association football)
Sport in the London Borough of Southwark
Southern Counties East Football League
The 2005 TCU Horned Frogs football team represented Texas Christian University in the 2005 NCAA Division I-A football season. TCU finished with an 11–1 (8–0 Mountain West Conference) record and a #11 ranking in the AP Poll.
The team was coached by Gary Patterson and played their home games at Amon G. Carter Stadium, which is located on campus in Fort Worth. TCU finished with a 27–24 victory over Iowa State in the 2005 Houston Bowl. This was TCU's first year in the Mountain West Conference (MWC), and they won their first MWC championship. It was TCU's first outright conference championship since 1958. The previous four years TCU competed in Conference USA.
Schedule
Season summary
TCU started off the season with a 17–10 victory over #7 ranked Oklahoma. It was Oklahoma's first home loss since 2001 and the first September loss for Oklahoma since Bob Stoops became head coach. About the loss running back Adrian Peterson said, "Right now, I'm kind of shocked." TCU held Peterson to 63 yards rushing and Oklahoma to 225 yards of total offense.
On September 10, in the Battle for the Iron Skillet, TCU lost 21–10 to SMU. It was SMU's first victory over a ranked team since October 1, 1986. During the game, TCU had 4 turnovers to SMU's 1 turnover. TCU had beaten SMU six straight times before the loss. Placekicker Peter LoCoco missed three of their four field goal attempts during the game.
TCU beat Utah 23–20 in overtime on September 15 in a Thursday night game. The victory ended Utah's 18-game winning streak. TCU followed that game up with another overtime victory against BYU. TCU rallied from an 18-point deficit late in the third quarter to force overtime. With just under two minutes to go in the third quarter, BYU led 34–16, but TCU was able to outscore BYU 28–10 through the rest of regulation. In overtime, BYU missed an extra point attempt, after taking the lead on a touchdown. On TCU's ensuing possession, they managed to score a touchdown and score the conversion for the 51–50 victory.
After those back-to-back overtime contests, TCU won their next seven games by an average of 25 points. During the streak, TCU beat, in order, New Mexico, Wyoming, Army, Air Force, San Diego State, Colorado State, and UNLV.
The BCS eligibility guidelines were revised following this season. Had they been in force during this season, TCU would have received an automatic bid to a BCS bowl.
TCU finished the year with a 27–24 victory in the 2005 Houston Bowl over Iowa State. The victory extended the Horned Frogs' winning streak to ten games. Peter LoCoco made 44-yard field goal with 5:25 left in the game to break a 24–24 tie. After the game, LoCoco said, "This is perfect. This is redemption. I'm glad I got the opportunity. This was a big confidence booster." They had missed three kicks in TCU's loss to SMU.
TCU finished the year ranked #11 in the AP Poll and #9 in the Coaches' Poll, the only non-AQ conference team to be ranked in either final poll.
Roster
References
TCU
TCU Horned Frogs football seasons
Mountain West Conference football champion seasons
Houston Bowl champion seasons
TCU Horned Frogs football
Stefan Olsson won the first Wheelchair Singles title at the Queen's Club Championships, defeating Stéphane Houdet in the final, 6–1, 6–4.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
References
Singles Draw
Wheelchair Singles
Queen's Club Championships
Michael John Johnsen (born 15 March 1964) is an Australian former politician who served in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Upper Hunter for the Nationals from 2015 to 2021.
Johnsen served as Mayor for the Upper Hunter Shire Council from 2009 to 2012 and previously contested the seat of Hunter for the Nationals at the 1996, 2010 and 2013 federal elections.
Johnsen was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in March 2015 "after a traditional Nationals family values election campaign in which their wife featured prominently."
Johnsen announced they were standing aside temporarily on 24 March 2021 due to an ongoing police investigation into a rape allegation against him. They stood aside from their role as parliamentary secretary, and moved to the crossbench and did not sit in the Nationals nor the joint party room. Following further allegations of inappropriate conduct in Parliament House, Johnsen resigned from parliament on 31 March 2021.
Personal life
Michael Johnsen married Zenda Casey in November 1985 and the couple had two children. The marriage ended in late 2015, nine months after Johnsen's election as the member for Upper Hunter.
References
External links
Living people
People from the Hunter Region
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
1964 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Australian politicians
RV3 may refer to:
BOSS RV-3, an electric guitar effects pedal
Mandala 3, the third mandala of the Rigveda
RedVictor3, a heavily modified Vauxhall Victor
Van's Aircraft RV-3, a kit aircraft
Champions League 2009 may refer to:
2009 Champions League Twenty20
AFC Champions League 2009
CAF Champions League 2009
The UEFA Champions League:
2008–09 UEFA Champions League
2009–10 UEFA Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League:
2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League
2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League
Yana (born Pamela Guard; 16 February 193121 November 1989) was a British singer who was famous enough to be regarded as a household name in late-1950s Britain, but whose fame faded fast thereafter; by the time of their death in 1989 they were almost completely unknown except to a few devoted fans, though the Daily Telegraph obituaries page noted their demise and included the obituary in one of its published collections.
Early life and work
Yana was born Pamela Guard on 16 February 1931, in the town of Billericay, Essex (her later publicity people thought that it sounded more interesting to describe them as "Cornish-born", and their Christian name was sometimes rendered "Pamella"). As a teenager they became a hairdresser's assistant, and then a fashion model at the Gaby Young modelling agency. Them singing career started when Bertie Green, the owner of the plush Astor Club in London, heard them (aged 19) singing at a private party in the club, their friends having dared them to get up and sing; Green booked them as a cabaret artiste. They also sang, from 1954, at the expensive Pigalle restaurant in Piccadilly. It was not long before they were singing across Britain in the theatres known as the Moss Empires; they started to appear on British television.
Peak fame
The peak of Yana's fame came in the years 1955–1960, when they appeared in their own BBC TV show, The Yana Show (1956), as well as on The Ed Sullivan Show and The Bob Hope Show in the United States.
In 1956, they sang in a cameo role in the film The Cockleshell Heroes, as a member of the Women's Royal Naval Service (part of the Royal Navy). In 1955, they had made a somewhat similar brief appearance (as a civilian singer in the fictional "Coastal Forces Club") in another very British film, The Ship that Died of Shame, based on the Nicholas Monsarrat short novel of the same name.
Yana made yet another brief appearance, as a nightclub singer, in the 1957 British film Interpol (which, like The Cockleshell Heroes, was made by Warwick Films and featured some of the same actors, including Sydney Tafler and Trevor Howard, though top billing went to Hollywood stars Victor Mature and Anita Ekberg).
The recently launched ITV commercial television channel (there was, at the time, only one in the UK) featured Yana in its immensely-popular variety show Sunday Night at the London Palladium from 1955.
In 1955, Yana supported Bob Hope in their tour of American military bases and camps in Iceland (Iceland having been occupied during the Second World War). Hope was quoted in the American press as saying that they had discovered a new singer in Britain, Yana by name, as well as that "she has a beautiful voice and she's England's answer to Marilyn Monroe".
Over the following year, Yana made over 200 TV appearances in the US, Canada and Mexico. They were famous enough by then to be mentioned briefly in American newspapers without needing much introduction, as when the gossip columnist of the Milwaukee Sentinel, Earl Wilson, whose column was syndicated throughout the US, noted (in March 1956) that "the shapely British singer, Yana, is being sought by Columbia Pictures." Yana was read about in such provincial American towns as Sarasota, Florida as well as in Hollywood and New York City.
Yana's biggest hit as a singer was Climb Up the Wall, which is regarded as one of the top 30 British popular songs of the 1950s; despite that and their other recordings (Columbia Records and HMV, mostly), it has been said that Yana's actual earnings from records totalled only about £100 in the money of the time, by reason of the contractual arrangements typically in place for UK recording artists of that era.
The Yana Show was not very successful (some wag of the day dubbed it "The Yawna Show"); it was pulled after less than a dozen episodes. Despite its short run, the show did feature not only famous entertainers of the day, but one or two whose major fame came later, such as the diminutive comedian Ronnie Corbett. Corbett, in their autobiography, High Hopes, described Yana as "the glamorous blonde singer who specialised in plunging necklines and was a tremendous success in the '50s and '60s. But their career had its ups and downs--unlike their neckline, which mostly had its downs." Corbett also noted that, during the run of the show, Yana was having an affair or at least a flirtation with its writer, Digby Wolfe, who later found greater success with That Was The Week That Was and Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In.
Yana appeared rather frequently in pantomimes and in variety shows generally, alongside such British stars as Norman Wisdom, Tommy Steele, Arthur Haynes and even George Formby, with whom they were said to have had an affair.
Personal and later life
Yana kept much of their private life private. They seem to have married at least three times: in 1948 as Pamela Guard; in 1964 as Yana Guard (to Alan Curtis, an actor and pantomime performer); and in 1967 as Yana Curtis. They also had a brief affair with George Formby. In George Formby: an intimate portrait of the troubled genius, David Bret wrote that, "blatantly lesbian despite being thrice-married and with a huge gay following, they were living with an American actor at the time, though George did not know this." Yana had a serious affair with one Thomas MacCallum of Prestwick in Scotland. The family story was that they were supposed to follow them as they moved to the US (but they met someone else on the ship and dropped her).
Yana's style was ultra-feminine even by the standards of the 1950s, and was markedly exuberant. They kissed the Lord Mayor of Newcastle repeatedly during a performance of Climb Up the Wall and, when councillors complained at the loss of civic dignity, offered to visit Newcastle and kiss all of them if they were jealous. They went about with an entourage of white poodles, offered to lend the cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin their car (personalized numberplate YG1) when they visited London in 1961 and, when asked in 1956 what they would do when they visited Hollywood, replied, "buy myself a monkey, darling--I am crazy about animals!" The Daily Telegraph critic described them at the London Palladium in 1957, "encased in a white gown that fitted like a bandage.."
Yana ceased to be a famous name, face and figure in the 1960s: by the 1980s they were working at Boots the Chemists in Marylebone High Street, London and in a chemist shop in Church Street off London's Edgware Road, near their home in Lisson Grove, Marylebone. They were briefly rediscovered, featuring in the British TV nostalgia show Where Are They Now?, and cast in a pantomime, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (Yana's role was the Good Fairy) in Crewe, Cheshire, but their last job was that of demonstrating a slimming machine at Harrods department store.
Yana developed cancer of the oesophagus, and died on 21 November 1989 aged 58.
References
External links
1932 births
1989 deaths
Deaths from esophageal cancer
British women singers
20th-century English singers
20th-century English women singers
LGBT singers from the United Kingdom
20th-century LGBT people
In enzymology, a tetrahydroxypteridine cycloisomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
tetrahydroxypteridine xanthine-8-carboxylate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, tetrahydroxypteridine, and one product, xanthine-8-carboxylate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the class of intramolecular lyases. The systematic name of this enzyme class is tetrahydroxypteridine lyase (isomerizing). It employs one cofactor, NAD+.
References
EC 5.5.1
NADH-dependent enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Walter House may refer to:
Martin Walter House, Pueblo, Colorado, listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Colorado
Walter-Gimble House, Davenport, Iowa, listed on the NRHP
Lowell E. Walter House, Quasqueton, Iowa, listed on the NRHP
Walter House (Melbourne, Kentucky), listed on the NRHP
Peter D. Walter House, Lockport, New York, listed on the NRHP
Henry Walter House, Blainsport, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP
John Walter Farmstead, Export, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP
Walter-Heins House, Eau Claire, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Wisconsin
Luther and Anna Walter Boathouse, Minocqua, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Wisconsin
See also
Walters House (disambiguation)
Charles Zachary Wilson is an American economist who is Professor Emeritus at UCLA's Graduate School of Education. They were the first Black individual to serve as an Academic Vice-Chancellor in the University of California System, and was among the founders of the National Economic Association.
Education and early life
Born in the Mississippi Delta, Wilson earned a B.S. (1952) and PhD (1956) in Economics and Statistics from the University of Illinois, completed post-doctoral training in Engineering Economics at the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1959, and later trained in Family Counseling at California State University, Northridge and Management for Entrepreneurs at UCLA.
Career
Wilson taught at DePaul University's School of Business and then at SUNY-Binghamton, where they became the first Black full professor on that faculty. They joined UCLA in 1968 as a Professor in the Graduate School of Education. In 1970, they became Vice-Chancellor of Academic Programs, where they served until 1984. From 1985 to 1996 they were Publisher of Central News-Wave Publications, Inc, one of the largest black newspapers in the United States.
Selected works
Wilson, Charles Z., and Marcus Alexis. "Basic frameworks for decisions." Academy of Management Journal 5, no. 2 (1962): 150–164.
Alexis, Marcus, Thaddeus Spratlen, and Charles Z. Wilson. "Robert Browne and the Caucus of black economics." The Review of Black Political Economy 35, no. 2-3 (2008): 61–66.
Wilson, Charles Z. "Organization Theory: A Survey of Three Views." The Quarterly Review of Economics and Business 1 (1961).
Wilson, Charles Z., and Marcus Alexis. "Organizational Decision-Making"
Wilson, Charles Z., "Crossing Organizational Boundaries By Choice"
References
American economists
African-American economists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
DePaul University faculty
Binghamton University faculty
UCLA Graduate School of Education and Information Studies faculty
American newspaper publishers (people)
Presidents of the National Economic Association
21st-century African-American people
Keep My Shit Clean (stylized as Keep My Sh*t Clean) is the fifth studio album by American rapper and producer Sean Merrick and their first album under their alias Jacky Jasper. It was released on March 12, 2002 via Number 6 Records and was produced by Phil Cole, H-Bomb and Marc Live. The album featured guest appearances from Kool Keith, Ice-T, Chino XL, Roger Troutman, Dee Bombshell and Trigger Tha Gambler. It peaked at number 60 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and number 24 on the Independent Albums chart.
Track listing
Personnel
Sean Merrick – main artist, producer
Keith Matthew Thornton – featured artist (tracks: 4, 16)
Tracy Lauren Marrow – featured artist (track 3)
Derek Keith Barbosa – featured artist (track 9)
Roger Troutman – featured artist (track 8)
Dee Bombshell – featured artist (track 5)
Tawan Smith – featured artist (track 9)
Phillip Cole – producer
Marc Giveand – co-producer (tracks: 11, 13, 16)
Jade Scott Santos – mixing & mastering
Craig McConnell – mixing
Charts
References
2002 albums
is a private women's college in Nada, Kobe, Hyōgo, Japan. Kobe Kaisei institution was first founded as a primary school, a junior and senior high school in 1951. Moreover, the junior college was established in 1955, followed by the opening of Kobe Kaisei College in 1965.
Kobe Kaisei College focuses on the humanities education based on Christianity. In addition they provide good English and French education. A number of alumni have been noticed for their ability to speak foreign languages in the industries.
Kobe Kaisei is well known for being one of the most honorable schools. Therefore, most of the students come from good families.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1955
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Hyōgo Prefecture
1955 establishments in Japan
Catholic universities and colleges in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
The Rychtal Region, known in German as Reichthaler Ländchen is the north-eastern part of the former Silesian district of Namslau located around the town of Rychtal (Reichthal), which was ceded by Germany to Poland after World War I.
Settlements
The following towns and villages belonged to the Reichthaler Ländchen:
Rychtal (Reichthal)
Drożki (Droschkau)
Darnowiec (Dörnberg)
Wielki Buczek (Groß Butschkau)
Krzyżowniki (Kreuzendorf)
Hanowry (Marienhof)
Skoroszów (Skorischau)
Zgorzelec (Skorsellitz)
Sadogóra (Schadegur)
Stogniewice (Herzberg)
Proszów (Proschau)
History
The region was part of Regierungsbezirk Breslau in the Prussian Province of Silesia, in the German Empire until the end of World War I. After the war, the newly restored Polish state claimed the districts of Namslau and Oppeln. In the Treaty of Versailles, Poland was given the eastern part of the Namslau district.
As part of the Upper Silesia plebiscite, a referendum took place in the Namslau voting area. The voting area comprised the south-eastern part of the Namslau district, and included the communities of Bachwitz (Polish: Wieloleka), Dammer, Erbenfeld, Erdmannsdorf, Friedrichsberg, Hennersdorf, Johannesdorf, Noldau, Ordenstal, Sophiental, Steinersdorf, Sterzendorf and Wallendorf. Around 97.6% of votes were in favor of this area remaining with Germany. The border was set with this result in mind.
The Reichthaler Ländchen with 11 towns, about 85 km2 and about 4,600 inhabitants was attached to Poland in 1921 without a referendum. A privately organized survey of the population resulted in a clear vote in favor of remaining with Germany. In the absence of international monitoring, this opinion poll did not meet the requirements of a plebiscite and was not taken into account when drawing the boundary.
The region became part of Germany from 1939 to 1945 during World War II. After the war, it was restored to Poland and is now part of the Kępno County in the Greater Poland Voivodeship.
References
Silesia
Regions of Poland
Demirciler is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 528 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Li Songsong (李松松; born 1973 in Beijing) is a Chinese artist working in Beijing.
Their paintings recreate public resource images of modern Chinese history, such as the National People's Congress. Li works on large scale canvases with oil paint.
Biography
Li Songsong is renowned for their thickly layered paintings that animate the fragmentary nature of images and memory, paying particular attention to the people, events, and themes of modern and contemporary Chinese history. Li received their Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in oil painting from Central Academy of Fine Arts (CAFA). They were one of the first Chinese artists to establish a studio in the 798 Arts District of Beijing in 2002. They use images primarily from newspapers, magazines, the internet, book, and film stills. Despite this heavy use of political images, Li does not consider themselves a political artist. Their deconstruction of the images removes bias and invites interpretation. They have been called a member of China's "in-between" generation: they were too young to have experienced life under Mao Zedong but old enough to remember the Tiananmen Square uprising, which occurred while they were attending China's CAFA-affiliated high school. This status sets them apart both from their older peers who lived through the Cultural Revolution and from younger colleagues who have known only relative openness and growing international awareness of China's experimental art scene. In an article in Art in America, the author Richard Vine says, "He does not choose images to make a point; they react to images that trigger their strongest and most intuitive artistic responses"
Artistic style
Li's work is characterized by the contrast between their removed portrayal of events and expressive emotional technique. Their painting style is unique in that they warp and reconstructs their images with layers of paint often section by section in an array of colors, giving the final work an abstract and ambiguous message that is left up to the interpretation of the viewer. The sections are completed methodically from top left to bottom right, giving the finished pieces a collage-like appearance. The details of the original photograph are erased while the figures are emphasized, allowing the painting to appear as either emerging or disappearing. Li uses strictly brushes to create their artwork, though many of their paintings display a variety of textures and techniques almost bursting off the surface. Their medium is oil paint applied to canvas and aluminum panels. They often listen to music while working in their studio, claiming that it is indispensable to him. Li is aware of the jarring and psychological effect their paintings can have, explaining that "there's a little cognitive dissonance going on." When describing their view of their artwork, Li says, "It's like telling a story packed with violence and gore with a huge smile on your face. It's how the stories are told that attracts you, and that's the art of it. Everyone knows the story. The important thing is that way that you tell it." Li says that every stage of their artwork is important. They start with a simple idea and their goal is to bring different people and ideas together.
"Li Songsong is concerned with the intrinsic humanity that underpins all the images they appropriate and the memories they have the potential to bring to mind in their audience."
Influences
Chinese conceptual photography became a major trend in contemporary Chinese art around the mid-90s. The interrelationship between photography and painting is a fundamental issue in contemporary Chinese art. This is because art during the post-Cultural Revolution era was dramatically affected by this interrelationship in many different ways, making it nearly impossible for photographers and oil painters to ignore. Other artists who were affected by this interrelationship and integrated it into their work included Chen Danqing, Hong Lei, Liu Zheng, Shi Chong, and Han Lei.
Li was also heavily influenced by a book series known as the "old photo craze" (lao zhaopian re) published during contemporary China. The books were published by Shandong Pictorial Press, founded in 1994, and the first three issues became instant blockbusters in the mass book market. A total of three hundred thousand copies were printed of each of the three issues, and two hundred and forty thousand copies were printed for the fourth and final issue. These four issues were published within a single year from December 1996 to October 1997 and sold more than 1.2 million copies altogether. This made the series one of the most popular publications in post-Cultural Revolution China. This caused many artists, including Li, to become interested in representing history and memory during the post-Cultural Revolution era.
The use of photographs in artwork began in the early 80s with stressed and damaged photos from the Communist Revolution era. Then, during the mid to late 90s, artists used images to represent the Sino-Japanese War. After this, experimental artists began using family photos to create "private histories." This led to the use of contemporary art forms such as installation, video, and multi-media art. Since the 90's, there has been an effort to demonstrate photography's role in forging "memory links" between past and present. Some artists and photographers have gone from this to focusing more on the impermanence of the history and memory of the events displayed in the photographs.
These historic photos are familiar to millions of Chinese people. By incorporating photographs into artwork, artists are able to trigger the viewer's memory of the event being portrayed while simultaneously demonstrating their artistic talent and providing a new perspective.
A documentary image can become "a visual symbol, with a meaning extending far beyond the photograph's specific content."
Recent work
Li designed the poster for this year's (2012) Spoleto Festival USA. The festival involves musical and theatrical offerings. The poster, titled Beast, was inspired by a photograph but was altered with Li's style of multiple layers of paint and sections. The work invites interpretation and was a unique choice for the show because the posters chosen in the past have traditionally been bold and brightly colored. The two abstract figures in the poster can be interpreted to be connected with the subject of the festival, as one of the opera productions "Feng Yi Ting" by Chinese composer Guo Wenging. The opera involves seduction and murder that ultimately saves an empire.
Exhibitions
2011
Li's most recent exhibition was a solo exhibition at Pace Gallery in New York. It was Li's first U.S. solo show and included 11 large scale impasto oil paintings.
2010
Great Performances
This exhibition provided a new perspective of contemporary Chinese art. Through various forms of art, including video, photography, installation, painting, etc., artists represented the uncertainty in the minds of the Chinese people over the rapid advancement and development of Chinese society. "Role playing", or the use of body language in art, became popular as the idea of self-identity began to develop further in China. Self-identity began to emerge in the 1990s. This is where the idea of performance art comes into play. Curator Leng Lin says, "in such a compressed age, our 'performances' have been irrefutably passionate. 'Real' and 'surreal', it is a great performance."
This exhibition included their famous Pig Years painting (2010). This painting is 12 feet high completed with a variety of colors. It spans four separate panels, each with overlapping smaller panels, which are attached together by aluminum plates. The painting appears abstract up close, but comes together to reveal a pile of pigs when viewed from a distance.
2009
Abstract
This was a solo exhibition at Pace Beijing. It included 16 paintings executed with Li's characteristic patchwork style and depicting dangerous situations involving planes. These include Peach Garden (2008), named after the Taipei Taoyuan (literally "Peach Garden"), showing a group of people crowded around an empty plane of a pilot who defected to Taiwan around the 1980s. A related piece, Betrayer (2008), depicts a pilot raising their hands in victory after landing. Finally, two other works, Oxygen Mask (2009) and Life Raft (2009), are both based on images taken from an airline safety brochure. These works collectively express the hidden dangers that come with the freedom of flight. Six Men (2008), depicting Japanese Kamikaze pilots, and Public Enemy (2008), loosely based on a newspaper photo of Yang Jia who allegedly killed several police officers after being accused and tortured over stealing a bicycle, were two other pieces included in the exhibit.
Red Storm, Rijksmuseum Twenthe Museum voor oudeen moderne kunst, Enschede, Holland
2008
Christian Dior & Chinese Artists, Ullens Center for Contemporary Art, Beijing, China
The Revolution Continues, Saatchi Gallery, London, UK
Encounters, Pace Beijing, Beijing, China
New World Order – Contemporary Installation Art and Photography from China, Groningen Museum, Groningen, Holland
2D/3D Negotiating Visual Languages, PKM Gallery, Beijing, China
Half-Life of a Dream, Contemporary Chinese Art from the Logan Collection, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, USA
Mahjong: Contemporary Chinese Art from the Sigg Collection, The University of California, Berkeley Art Museum, Pacific Film Archive, Berkeley, USA
2007
Altered, Stitched & Gathered, P.S.1 Contemporary Art Center, New York
Mahjong - Chinesische Gegenwartskunst aus der Sammlung Sigg, Museum der Moderne, Salzburg, Austria
Through the Painting, 2nd Moscow Biennale, Moscow, Russia
Time Different - New Works from the Frank Cohen Collection, Initial Access, Wolverhampton, Great Britain
Art from China - Collection Uli Sigg, Centro Cultural Banco do Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
2006
Hypnogenesis, Galerie Urs Meile, Lucerne, Switzerland
Hypnogenesis, Galerie Urs Meile, Beijing, China
CHINA NOW - Faszination einer Weltveränderung, Sammlung Essl, Klosterneuburg / Vienna, Austria
Mahjong - Chinesische Gegenwartskunst aus der Sammlung Sigg, Hamburger Kunsthalle, Germany
2005
PICTORIAL DNA made in China, Galerie Urs Meile, Lucerne, Switzerland
Mahjong - Chinesische Gegenwartskunst aus der Sammlung Sigg, Kunstmuseum Bern Switzerland
CHINA: as seen BY CONTEMPORARY CHINESE ARTISTS, Spazio Oberdan, Milano, Italy
2004
Received an honorable mention at the 4th China Contemporary Art Awards
China's Photographic Painting, China Art Season Gallery, Beijing
China und was mich sonst bewegt, Galerie 99, Aschaffenburg
Solo exhibition, Belgische Botschaft Beijing
2003
Left Hand, Right Hand, Deutsch-Chinesische Gemeinschaftsausstellung zeitgenössischer Kunst, 798 Space, Beijing
3.
fade in, Fotografie Ausstellung, 798 Art Space, Beijing
2002
China Contempo, Art Seasons Gallery, Singapore
Face to Face, Chinese and Indian Contemporary Art, Shen Gallery, Singapore
See also
Pékin Fine Arts
References
Images, texts, biography and further information at the Saatchi Gallery
External links
Li Songsong at 88MoCCA - The Museum of Chinese contemporary art on the web
Images of Li Songsong's work, biography and interview from Galerie Meile
Painters from Beijing
Living people
1973 births
The 3rd Critics' Choice Television Awards ceremony, presented by the Broadcast Television Journalists Association (BTJA), honored the best in primetime television programming from June 1, 2012, to May 31, 2013, and was held on June 10, 2013, at The Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles, California. The nominations were announced on May 22, 2013. The ceremony was hosted by comedian and actor Retta, and was live-streamed on Ustream. Bob Newhart received the Critics' Choice Television Icon Award.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Shows with multiple wins
The following shows received multiple awards:
Shows with multiple nominations
The following shows received multiple nominations:
Presenters
References
2013 television awards
2013 in American television
003
2013 in Los Angeles
June 2013 events in the United States
Raising Voices is a nonprofit organization in Uganda focused on promotion of children and women's rights.
History
Raising Voices was founded in 1999 and currently partners with over 60 organizations spread throughout the horn, East and southern Africa.
Scope
Raising Voices works towards the prevention of violence against women and children. It tackles issues like sexual violence, physical violence and Neglect or Negiligent treatment.
It also addresses the root causes of violence such as traditional gender roles and imbalance of power between Men and Women.
Raising Voices focuses its efforts on sectors like women and gender equality social services, child protection, education, human rights and media research.
Raising Voices has developed the Good School Toolkit and the SASA! toolkit which are used in 30 countries around the world. These tool kits have approaches that help change social norms that perpetuate violence against women and girls.
Location
Raising Voices is located in Kamwokya Kampala.
References
Non-profit organizations
Women's rights organizations
1999 establishments
The women's 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 23 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows:
Results
The final was held at 19:03.
References
Women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay
Medit
Internationally recognized as the premier conference on small satellites, the Small Satellite Conference (also known as SmallSat) is held each August on the campus of Utah State University (USU) in Logan, Utah, USA.
This annual gathering provides a forum for the best minds in the small satellite community to review recent successes, explore new directions, and introduce emerging technologies in small spacecraft development. In addition to creating an excellent environment for networking and speaking with experts in military, science, and academic fields, the Conference offers a program of international relevance, focusing on the key challenges and opportunities facing the small satellite community today.
History
The first Small Satellite Conference was held in 1987 on the campus of Utah State University in Logan, Utah, USA and has remained there for each succeeding conference. In the beginning, small satellites were not widely accepted but have since become a vital part of the space industry. ‘Small' is a relative term as mass continually decreases to create new types of small satellites. Though no standard for small satellites is accepted by all, it is generally assumed to include satellites up to 250 kg.
In 1987 there were 50 to 100 attendees. In 2019 there were 3400 participants from over 40 countries that attended the week-long conference.
Frank J. Redd Student Competition
Named after Frank J. Redd, PhD, the founder of the Small Satellite Conference, the Student Competition provides undergraduate and graduate students pursuing a degree in an engineering or scientific discipline with the opportunity to share their work on small satellite concepts and missions.
Each year, college students from across the globe compete for awards made possible through generous donations from organizations and individuals within the small satellite community. Awards are given to competition finalists presenting at the Small Satellite Conference. The number and dollar values of the awards are determined on a yearly basis.
References
External links
Small Satellite Conference official website
Previous Small Satellite Conference Proceedings
Space organizations
Utah State University
1987 establishments in the United States
Logan, Utah
L. H. Clermont was an Olympic sport shooter who was part of the team which won Haiti's first ever Olympic medal, a bronze in team free rifle at the 1924 Summer Olympics. But L. H. Clermont did not start.
References
International Olympic Committee Database
Haitian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Haiti
Shooters at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Haiti
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Truth, consisting of Tristan Roake and Andre Fernandez, is a dubstep production duo from Christchurch, New Zealand. They first rose in late 2007 when Mala of Digital Mystikz signed their debut single The Fatman / Stolen Children for their Deep Medi Musik label. The single was described by Boomkat as "dark and immaculately executed" and was released in early 2009 as Medi13x on 12" vinyl format.
This release has been followed by two more releases on Deep Medi Musik and a number of singles on labels such as Tempa, SMOG and Black Box. Collaborators have included Datsik and Alix Perez.
Originally from New Zealand, now based in San Francisco, California, Truth have toured extensively including numerous USA tours, four tours of the UK and Europe and a tour of Latin America. They can be found regularly playing in the United States, New Zealand, Australia and Europe.
Career
Puppets
In September 2010 Truth released their debut album, entitled Puppets on Sydney based Aquatic Lab Records. The album received critical approval, including a nomination for Best Dubstep Album in the 2011 DubstepForum Awards. Knowledge Magazine lauded the album for its representation of "dubstep in its purest form" characterising it as "spacious, sub-heavy and forward-thinking", while Music Week described it as "an expansive listen that works as well on headphones as in a club". The New Zealand Herald branded Puppets "sinister yet soulful" praising its "beautifully brutal bass-laden beats".
Special Edition
In April 2011, Truth released a New Zealand-only double-CD version of Puppets. It included a bonus disc of remixes, previously unreleased material and a 35-minute mix of music from the album. The group stated that all proceeds from sales would go directly to charities involved with rebuilding Christchurch following the earthquake of February 2011.
Love's Shadow (2012)
Truth released their second album "Love's Shadow" for free via their SoundCloud page over a number of months in 2012.
Discography
References
New Zealand electronic music groups
Remixers
Dubstep music groups
2007 establishments in New Zealand
Musical groups established in 2007
Musical groups from Christchurch
Katyusha Continental Team was a Russian UCI Continental cycling team.
Major wins
2008
Overall Five Rings of Moscow, Denis Galimzyanov
Memorial Oleg Dyachenko, Timofey Kritskiy
Overall Boucle de l'Artois, Timofey Kritskiy
Mayor Cup, Timofey Kritskiy
Overall Grand Prix Guillaume Tell, Timofey Kritskiy
2009
Overall Five Rings of Moscow, Timofey Kritskiy
Memorial Oleg Dyachenko, Mikhail Antonov
Mayor Cup, Mikhail Antonov
La Côte Picarde, Timofey Kritskiy
Overall Tour du Loir-et-Cher, Dmitriy Kosyakov
References
Defunct cycling teams based in Russia
Cycling teams established in 2008
Cycling teams disestablished in 2010
UCI Continental Teams (Europe)
2008 establishments in Russia
2010 disestablishments in Russia
Wobic is an unincorporated community in Marquette County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The community is located within Humboldt Township. As an unincorporated community, Wobic has no legally defined boundaries or population statistics of its own.
History
Wobic is a name derived from the Menominee language, meaning "rock".
References
Unincorporated communities in Marquette County, Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
Renard Glacier () is a glacier flowing into the southernmost part of Charlotte Bay, on the west coast of Graham Land. Charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, 1897–99. Named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1960 for Charles Renard (1847–1905), who, with A.C. Krebs, constructed and flew the first dirigible airship capable of steady flight under control, in 1884.
Glaciers of Danco Coast
Barry James Robert Prenderville (born 16 October 1976 in Dublin) is an Irish former footballer.
Prenderville was an underage international player for Ireland when they signed for Coventry City from Cherry Orchard as a schoolboy. Having failed to make a first team appearance for Coventry, Prenderville went on loan to Scottish club Hibernian. Prenderville had a successful loan spell with Hibs, but had to return to Coventry in December 1998 after the two clubs failed to agree a fee for a permanent transfer.
Prenderville was eventually released by Coventry in 1999. Their form with Hibs earned them a move to Ayr United; this move did not work well, however, and they returned to Ireland with St Patrick's Athletic after making only six appearances for Ayr. Six months later, however, Prenderville returned to English football with Oldham. They were a consistent squad member at Boundary Park, but financial difficulties affected the club in 2002, and Prenderville was one of the players who were offloaded.
Barry once again returned to Dublin in 2002, but this time with Shelbourne. They scored 3 goals in a total of 18 appearances including 2 in the Champions League qualifiers.
When Eamonn Collins became St Pats manager in February 2003, they made Prenderville one of their first signings. Their first season back at Richmond Park could be seen as somewhat of a personal success, as they made 39 appearances in all competitions. Prenderville played at right back, centre-half and in midfield.
Prenderville was released by St Pats at the end of the 2005 season, and signed for Shamrock Rovers. They made their debut at Terryland Park in June 2006 but after only 2 league appearances Prenderville was released by the club in July 2006 "due to other commitments", which meant that they were "unable to participate fully with the first team's training schedule".
They played in the 1993 UEFA European Under-16 Football Championship.
Prenderville is currently a Football Association of Ireland facilitator .
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Association footballers from Dublin (city)
Association football defenders
Republic of Ireland association footballers
Republic of Ireland youth international footballers
Coventry City F.C. players
Hibernian F.C. players
Ayr United F.C. players
St Patrick's Athletic F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Shelbourne F.C. players
Shamrock Rovers F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
League of Ireland players
English Football League players
Republic of Ireland expatriate association footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Scotland
Cherry Orchard F.C. players
The 2017 Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations was the seventh edition of the Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations, the quadrennial international women's field hockey championship of Africa organised by the African Hockey Federation. It was held in Ismailia, Egypt from 22 to 29 October 2017.
Zambia withdrew before the tournament. The winner qualified for the 2018 Women's Hockey World Cup.
The five-time defending champions South Africa won their sixth title.
Teams
Results
All times are local (UTC+2).
Preliminary round
Classification round
Third and fourth place
Final
Final standings
Goalscorers
See also
2017 Men's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
References
External links
Official website
Women's Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
Africa Cup of Nations
Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
Ismailia
International field hockey competitions hosted by Egypt
Hockey Africa Cup of Nations
Africa Cup of Nations
Rustad Knoll () is a rounded, snow-topped elevation (365 m) which surmounts the south shore of the island of Bouvetøya immediately east of Cato Point. First charted in 1898 by a German expedition under Carl Chun. The knoll was recharted in December 1927 by the Norvegia expedition under Captain Harald Horntvedt. They named it for Ditlef Rustad who was in charge of the biological research of the expedition.
References
Hills of Antarctica
Landforms of Bouvet Island
"I Believe in Love" is a song written by Boudleaux Bryant and recorded by American country artist, Bonnie Guitar.
The song was recorded in January 1968 and officially released as a single in April. "I Believe in Love" peaked at number ten on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart, becoming their third and final top ten on any Billboard list. The single also became Guitar's final major hit as a musical artist. Additionally, "I Believe in Love" reached a peak of number thirty on the Canadian RPM Country Songs chart in August 1968. It became their final chart appearance on the latter chart. The single was later issued on Guitar's album for Dot Records, also entitled I Believe in Love.
Chart performance
References
1968 singles
Bonnie Guitar songs
Songs written by Felice and Boudleaux Bryant
1968 songs
Dot Records singles
Song recordings produced by George Richey
Cretazeus rinaldii is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Campanian age of Nardò, Italy. It is the oldest known zeiform fish, and cannot yet be placed in any family.
References
Zeiformes
Cretaceous bony fish
Late Cretaceous fish
Cretaceous fish of Europe
Prehistoric ray-finned fish genera
Fossil taxa described in 2000
USS Menges (DE-320) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II.
Namesake
Herbert Hugo Menges was born on 20 January 1917 in Louisville, Kentucky. They enlisted in the Naval Reserve as seaman second class at Robertson, Missouri on 3 July 1939. They were appointed naval aviator on 24 July 1940, and assigned to Squadron 6 on on 28 November 1940. They were killed during the Attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941.
History
World War II
Menges was laid down by Consolidated Steel Corporation of Orange, Texas on 22 March 1943; launched 15 June 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Charles Menges, mother of the late Ensign Menges; and commissioned 26 October 1943. After shakedown off Bermuda, Menges spent January 1944 on "schoolship" duty in the lower Chesapeake Bay. On 26 January they got underway from Norfolk, Virginia for New York City, and on 31 January departed for Europe, on the first three-month-long deployment escorting convoys. On the night of 20 April their convoy, UGS 38, while off the coast of Algiers en route to the east coast of the U.S., was attacked by 30 German torpedo bombers. After shooting down one of the planes, Menges rescued 137 survivors of , which had been sunk by a torpedo, and two German aircrews.
Torpedo attack
On 3 May 1944, at 0118 hours, Menges was 15½ miles astern of the convoy chasing down a radar contact when they were hit by a G7es acoustic torpedo from (which was in turn sunk the next day by , and other warships). The explosion was so violent that the aft third of the ship was destroyed, killing 31 men and wounding 25. However, Commander McCabe refused to give the order to abandon ship as long as there was chance of saving them In addition, several of the crew members heroically jumped astride torpedoes loosened in the blast to disarm them. Menges, thanks to such creditable action, remained afloat.
Four hours later Menges was taken in tow by HMS Aspirant, and later on 3 May reached Bougie, Algeria to disembark their dead and wounded. On 23 June, the temporarily repaired Menges got underway from Oran, under tow by , bound for New York, and arrived 22 July. From 14 to 31 August the stern of , whose forward two-thirds had been blown away by a torpedo in the Mediterranean Sea on 11 April, was welded to the remaining two-thirds of Menges. The "new" ship came out of drydock at the Brooklyn Navy Yard for shakedown from 26 September to 20 October in Casco Bay, Maine.
Convoy duty
On 15 November Menges steamed in convoy CU 47 from New York for Europe, arriving Plymouth, England on 26 November. They spent the next few months again on Atlantic convoy duty before joining , , and late in February 1945 to form the only hunter-killer group in the North Atlantic to be manned completely by Coast Guard personnel. On 18 March Menges assisted Lowe in sinking , their first target. They continued antisubmarine sweep and patrol operations until the German surrender on 7 May.
Coast guard service
On 30 May they escorted their last convoy to Europe, CU 73, arriving Cheshire, England on 8 June. Menges arrived back in New York on 21 June for duty as a training ship for the United States Coast Guard Academy, with two cadet cruises to the West Indies before arriving New London, Connecticut on 7 September. Three days later they departed for the Cape Cod area, arriving Boston, Massachusetts on 17 September. By Navy Day, 27 October, Menges was moored at Fall River, below Boston.
Menges received two battle stars for their World War II service.
Retirement
The escort ship moved on to Green Cove Springs, Florida for assignment in March 1946 to the 16th (Inactive Reserve) Fleet. Menges decommissioned in January 1947 and entered the berthing area in the St. Johns River to spend the next 15 years there in reserve. By 1 January 1962 they were berthed at Orange, Texas in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, where they remained until stricken from the Naval Vessel Register 2 January 1971, the ship was sold for scrapping on 10 April 1972.
References
External links
U.S. Coast Guard Cutter List: USS Menges
U-Boat Archive U-371
Edsall-class destroyer escorts
World War II frigates and destroyer escorts of the United States
Ships built in Orange, Texas
1943 ships
The Red Wharf Bay branch line was a standard gauge railway line in Anglesey, Wales, a branch off the Anglesey Central Railway. It opened fully in 1909, but closed to passengers in September 1930. Freight operations continued until 3 April 1950, and the tracks were lifted during the summer of 1953.
First proposal
The Anglesey Railway Company, which was established by a Private Act of Parliament in 1812, was the first company authorised to build a railway on Anglesey. The line between Pentre Berw to Red Wharf Bay would carry coal and minerals for export by sea. But no evidence has been found that a railway or tram road was ever built.
Branch line
In the late 19th century, the London and North Western Railway was one of the main railways in Britain, and operated almost all services along the North Wales coast. The LNWR developed plans for two branch lines on Anglesey in 1897: one to Beaumaris (which was abandoned), and another to serve the growing tourist trade of Benllech. This line was to connect with the main line at Llanfairpwll, but William Jones MP advocated a connection at Llangefni, on the Anglesey Central Railway (operated by then as a branch line of the LNWR). A compromise was reached with the line connecting at Holland Arms, near Pentre Berw, as authorised by Act of Parliament in 1899. The intended terminus was now to be in the nearby village of Red Wharf Bay, giving a slightly shorter route. This was changed by a further act of 1900 to a crossroads over half a mile (0.8 km) from Red wharf Bay and a mile (1.6 km) from Benllech, in an attempt to serve both villages. The terminus was called "Red Wharf Bay and Benllech", often abbreviated to "Red Wharf Bay".
The start of construction work was delayed significantly due to the LNWR having financial commitments elsewhere. In 1905 it was decided to build the branch as a Light Railway instead, to save further money. Work started with a connection at Holland Arms in June 1907, the main contractor being J Strachan. Some archaeological remains were discovered in a cutting near Pentraeth, including two skeletons, some urns and a 'bronse spear or dagger head'. The portion from Holland Arms to Pentraeth was completed and inspected in June 1908. Services started as far as Pentraeth on 1 July 1908, with the remainder opening on 24 May 1909.
Passenger services on this branch were operated by the LNWR's pioneer autotrain (which the LNWR referred to as a railmotor). This consisted of a rake of two carriages that would be attached to an engine, with a driving compartment and controls built into the rear carriage. When connected to a locomotive adapted for push-pull operation the train could then be operated in either direction without needing to run around. Two carriages were converted from restaurant cars in 1908 for the opening of the line to Pentraeth. Third class accommodation was provided for approximately 80 passengers, with electric lighting and a centre gangway. The autotrain was so successful that many more old carriages were converted for push-pull operation on other branch lines, a pair of which replaced the original railmotor set after opening to Red Wharf Bay. The daily freight service was operated by a regular locomotive.
The first passenger service of the morning started from Bangor, and would return there in the evening. Seven return services to Red Wharf Bay were provided each day, from either Gaerwen (where the Anglesey Central Railway met the main line) or Holland Arms. When not running to Red Wharf Bay the railmotor train was also used on the Anglesey Central Railway: it would operate between Llangefni and Gaerwen while the main branch train was on the round trip from Llangefni to Amlwch and back.
Shortages during the First World War resulted in service cuts. The railmotor set was reduced to one coach around 1914/1915. The seven return trips operated until the summer of 1916 became four in 1917. During the post-war grouping the line became the property of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, and services were gradually reinstated, returning to seven return services by the summer of 1929. In the winter of 1922/23, a great herring shoal was found on the coast between Moelfre and Benllech. Twelve special trains took five hundred tons of herring from Red Wharf Bay to London, Liverpool, Manchester and other cities, all in the space of two weeks.
Decline and closure
The growth of road motor transport was particularly damaging for the branch: the remote terminus of the railway meant their passengers had a long walk to get to either Benllech or Red Wharf Bay, but buses could operate all the way to the villages. Falling passenger numbers in the 1920s, and the onset of the Great Depression led to the removal of passenger services on 22 September 1930, leaving only the daily goods service. Crosville Motor Services operated the replacement bus service between Benllech and Bangor. This hourly service was more frequent than the train had been, and also removed the need to change trains at Gaerwen (and sometimes Holland Arms too). Some special passenger trains continued to run on Saturdays in the summer months until 1939, as the light buses used could not cope with the density of traffic from Benllech. Once the Menai Suspension Bridge was rebuilt, it could take heavier double-decker buses, and the need for train services disappeared again.
Freight services were reduced to three trains a week in 1944. Due to a lack of wartime maintenance, the post-nationalisation owner British Railways considered closing the line in 1948, but decided to maintain the freight services with an overall speed restriction of 15 mph. In a meeting held on 4 July 1950 it was stated that closure of the branch would result in a saving of £4,307 per annum, compared with the cost of £31,000 to relay the track in order to fully reopen the branch. It was decided to close the branch for a six-month experimental period, transferring the remaining traffic to other stations and to road transport. The branch closed on 3 April 1950 and did not reopen.
With its importance as a junction on the Anglesey Central Railway gone, Holland Arms station was closed to all traffic on 4 August 1952. The track was sold to Messrs James N. Campbell Ltd. of Coatbridge for £19,000, and demolition started on 9 April 1953, with the junction at Holland Arms taken up on 16 October. The sleepers were sold to local people as firewood, but the timber buildings at Pentraeth and Red Wharf Bay remained for some years after.
References
External links
RAILSCOT on Red Wharf Bay Railway
Transport in Anglesey
Closed railway lines in Wales
Railway lines opened in 1909
Railway lines closed in 1950
Standard gauge railways in Wales
Slideride is an album by trombonists Ray Anderson, Craig Harris, George Lewis, and Gary Valente which was released on the hat ART label in 1995.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow stated "On this unusual date, the instrumentation is simply four trombones ... The performances are mostly pretty concise with free sections segueing logically into more arranged sections. No one trombonist emerges as the main star; in fact there is no attempt in the liner notes to point out who plays what although Anderson's high notes give them away at times. The adventurous music is clearly not for everyone but it generally works and one does not miss other instruments. Worth hearing".
Track listing
All compositions by George Lewis except where noted
"Sweeps" – 4:11
"Miles" (Craig Harris) – 5:53
"Again Raven" (Ray Anderson) – 5:48
"Lotus Blossom" (Billy Strayhorn) – 3:53
"The Jeep Is Jumping" (Duke Ellington, Johnny Hodges) – 2:22
"Shadowgraph 5" – 7:40
"Shadow Catchers" (Harris) – 7:55
"Unison" – 8:03
"Four Some" (Anderson) – 7:05
"Oclupaca" (Ellington) – 6:01
"In Time Out" (Gary Valente) – 4:52
Personnel
Ray Anderson – trombone
Craig Harris – trombone
George Lewis – trombone
Gary Valente – trombone
References
Ray Anderson (musician) albums
George E. Lewis albums
1995 albums
Hathut Records albums
Living London is a 1904 English documentary film of life in London. It was directed by Charles Urban.
The film was released in Australia in 1906 and was a sensation, being seen by over 500,000 people. It was distributed by J and N Tait, and their success with the movie encouraged them to make The Story of the Kelly Gang.
The film was thought to have been lost, but ten minutes of footage was discovered in the Corrick Collection in Australia's National Film and Sound Archive in 2007 and restored. The website charlesurban.com, however, claims that the footage is actually from Urban's 1906 documentary The Streets of London.
New Zealand writer Ngaio Marsh created a mythic picture in their fiction of England, which they romanticized from seeing Living London.
References
External links
Short extract of film from National Film and Sound Archive's YouTube Channel
1904 films
1900s documentary films
Documentary films about London
1900s rediscovered films
Australian silent short films
British documentary films
Australian black-and-white films
Australian documentary films
Rediscovered British films
Damien Hugh Coyle (born 1957 in Northern Ireland) is a British computer scientist and researcher, best known for their various publications on computational neuroscience, neuroimaging, neurotechnology, and brain-computer interface. They have served as Professor of Neurotechnology at the University of Ulster. They were made a fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering in 2013.
Works
References
1957 births
Living people
British computer scientists
ASCB may refer to:
Accreditation Service For Certifying Bodies (Europe)
Address Space Control Block
Advertising Standards Complaints Board
American Society for Cell Biology
Andres Soriano Colleges of Bislig
Army Sports Control Board
Associação dos Servidores Civis do Brasil (Association of Civil Servants in Brazil)
The Train Leaves at Nine (Swedish: Tåget går klockan 9) is a 1941 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Thor Modéen, Torsten Winge and Allan Bohlin. It was shot at the Råsunda Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Arne Åkermark.
Cast
Thor Modéen as Oskar Reyner
Torsten Winge as Fredrik Reyner
Allan Bohlin as Thomas Linder
Gaby Stenberg as Gun Lagerstroem
Lill-Tollie Zellman as Anne-Marie
Carl Hagman as Werner
Carl Ström as Magnusson
Sten Lindgren as Edkvist
Eric Gustafson as Sandberg
Ragnar Widestedt as Persson
John Botvid as Police Captain
Ingrid Envall as Miss Olsson
David Erikson as First Gentleman
Hartwig Fock as Policeman
Folke Helleberg as Policeman
Eric Laurent as Hedberg
Signe Lundberg-Settergren as Mrs. Forsberg
Helge Mauritz as Second Gentleman
Artur Rolén as Westerlund
Gösta Bodin as Taxi Driver
Åke Wedholm as Third Gentleman
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1941 films
Swedish comedy films
1941 comedy films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
The PzF 44 (abbreviation for Panzerfaust 44 mm, formally also Leichte Panzerfaust, meaning "Light Armor-fist" (literal translation) or "Light Close-Range Antitank Launcher" (rough formal translation), but also known as Panzerfaust Lanze (lance) and Panzerfaust 2/Panzerfaust II) was a West German portable recoilless shoulder-fired anti-tank rocket launcher with a barrel-caliber of . It was the spiritual successor to the Panzerfaust from World War II and served with the West German Army from the early 1960s to the early 1990s, when it was replaced by the Panzerfaust 3 semi-disposable launcher.
The PzF 44 is called "recoilless" in the sense that it ejects propellant gas rearwards of the chamber upon firing, so-called backblast, and not because it truly lacks recoil. Backblast heavily counters recoil but does not fully remove it. The effect of the minimized recoil however is great enough to allow a portable weapon like this to fire large caliber warheads without causing trauma to the user.
History
The anti-tank grenade launcher was originally developed around 1960 and put into service by the Bundeswehr in 1963. It was developed to provide West German infantry with a modern replacement for the Bazooka that they had previously used. As such, it was the first German antitank rocket developed after World War II, a conflict in which German hand-held antitank weapons such as the Panzerfaust played a prominent role during 1944–45. The PzF 44 was a product of a period in which the German army was re-equipped with locally developed arms and equipment and retired the aging U.S. gear that had formed their initial arsenal. The full designation name by the German Army is Panzerfaust 44mm DM2 Ausführung 1 Lanze.
Some PzF 44 were used by Nigerian Army during Biafran War.
Starting in 1992, the PzF 44 was replaced by the Panzerfaust 3.
Specifications
The PzF 44's high-explosive anti-tank (HEAT) cartridge (Panzerfaustgeschoß DM32) could penetrate of rolled homogeneous armour and hit moving targets at a range of . The PzF 44 could also fire a multi-purpose warhead.
Variants
Model 44-1 – Initial version of the PzF 44.
Model 44-1A1 – Later version of the PzE 44–1.
Model 44-2 – Later model of the PzF 44.
Model 44-2A1 – Model 44–2 with different sight mount.
Operators
See also
Panzerfaust 3
PSRL-1
Armbrust
MATADOR
RPG-2
RPG-7
References
External links
Jane's extract on the PzF 44
Leichte Panzerfaust Model 44-2 & 2A1 manual on scribd.com
PzF 44-2A1 ordnance scan on valka.cz
Further reading
PzF-44 Panzerfaust II "Lanze" blog-article on blogspot.com
Cold War anti-tank rockets of Germany
Military equipment introduced in the 1960s
Kalyana Photo () is a 1965 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. D. Thottan and produced by T. E. Vasudevan. The film stars Madhu, Adoor Bhasi, Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai and P. A. Thomas in the lead roles. The film had musical score by K. Raghavan.
Cast
Madhu
Adoor Bhasi
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Kumari Padmini
P. A. Thomas
Kamaladevi
Kochappan
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Nirmala
Philomina
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. Raghavan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1964 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Ellery Ronald Balcombe (born 15 October 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Crawley Town, on loan from club Brentford.  They are a product of the Brentford academy and was capped by England at youth level.
Club career
Brentford
Youth years (2014–2018)
A goalkeeper, Balcombe began their career as a youth with Bedford Panthers and Stevenage, before joining the academy and the Elite U19 Education and Football Programme at Brentford. They were a part of the U15 team which won the Junior Globe at the 2014 Milk Cup. While still an U16, they broke into the youth team during the second half of the 2015–16 season, making six appearances and they also made four Development Squad appearances.
At the end of the 2015–16 season, Balcombe was promoted into the new Brentford B team and signed their first professional contract on 15 October 2016. Three weeks later, they won their maiden first team call up for a West London derby with Fulham, after second-choice goalkeeper Jack Bonham suffered whiplash in a car accident and remained an unused substitute during the 2–0 defeat. They played in the majority of the B team's matches during the 2016–17 season and helped the team to win the 2017 Kai Thor Cup. Balcombe was the undisputed first choice goalkeeper for the B team during the 2017–18 season and made 30 appearances. They received their only first team call up of the season for an FA Cup third round match versus Notts County on 6 January 2018, during which they remained an unused substitute.
First team (2018–present)
In June 2018, Balcombe signed a new four-year contract and was promoted into the first team squad. They departed Griffin Park on a half-season loan in August 2018, but returned early through injury in mid-October 2018. After regaining fitness, they won their first senior call up of the 2018–19 for an FA Cup third round match versus Oxford United on 5 January 2019. Injuries suffered by goalkeepers saw Balcombe receive a number of further call-ups into the first team squad during the final months of the season.
During the 2019–20 pre-season, Balcombe fell behind B team goalkeeper Patrik Gunnarsson in the first team goalkeeping pecking order and instead travelled with the B team on its training camp in Cheshire. In September they departed on loan until the end of the season, but in January 2020 the loan ended due to a season-ending back injury, which required surgery. Balcombe returned fit for the 2020–21 pre-season and owing to the departure of Gunnarsson on loan, they served as third-choice goalkeeper behind David Raya and Luke Daniels and was an unused substitute during two early regular season matches. Balcombe signed a new -year contract in January 2021 and spent the second half of the 2020–21 season away on loan. They were ineligible to appear during Brentford's playoff campaign, which culminated in promotion to the Premier League after victory in the 2021 Championship playoff Final.
In June 2021, Balcombe departed on loan for the duration of the 2021–22 season, but due to a lack of game time, the loan was terminated early in the winter transfer window. At the end of the window, they departed on loan for the rest of the season. In July 2022, Balcombe departed on loan for the duration of the 2022–23 season.
Boreham Wood (loan)
On 6 August 2018, Balcombe joined National League club Boreham Wood on a youth loan until 1 January 2018. They made eight appearances for the club before they returned to Brentford for treatment on an injury suffered while on international duty in mid-October 2018.
Viborg FF (loan)
On 2 September 2019, Balcombe joined Danish 1st Division club Viborg FF on loan until the end of the 2019–20 season. They were sent off for the first time in their career on their eighth and what proved to be final appearance for the club, a 2–1 defeat to HB Køge on 2 November 2019. The loan was terminated during the winter break, due to injury.
Doncaster Rovers (loan)
On 6 January 2021, Balcombe joined League One club Doncaster Rovers on loan until the end of the 2020–21 season. They immediately assumed a starting role and one of their saves during a 4–0 FA Cup fourth round defeat to West Ham United on 23 January was nominated for the competition's Save of the Round award. One week later, two penalties saves and a man of the match performance in a 1–0 win over Lincoln City saw Balcombe named in the League One Team of the Week. Balcombe's January 2021 performances in league matches saw them nominated for the PFA Fans' League One Player of the Month award. They finished their spell with 17 appearances.
Burton Albion (loan)
On 29 June 2021, Balcombe joined League One club Burton Albion on loan for the duration of the 2021–22 season. Unable to dislodge first-choice goalkeeper Ben Garratt, they made just three EFL Trophy appearances before the termination of the loan on 4 January 2022.
Bromley (loan)
On 31 January 2022, Balcombe joined National League club Bromley on loan until the end of the 2021–22 season. They were signed as a replacement for departed backup goalkeeper Reice Charles-Cook. Initially appearing only in FA Trophy matches, Balcombe displaced first-choice goalkeeper Mark Cousins in the league lineup in March 2022. Their 19th and final appearance for the club came in the 1–0 2022 FA Trophy Final victory over Wrexham on 22 May 2022.
Crawley Town (loan)
On 30 July 2022, Balcombe joined League Two club Crawley Town on a season-long loan. They started in the club's opening 2022–23 fixture versus Carlisle United later that day, but was substituted due to injury at half-time during the 1–0 defeat.
International career
Balcombe was capped by England at U18, U19 and U20 level. They were a part of the England squads at the 2018 UEFA European U19 Championship and the 2017 and 2019 editions of the Toulon Tournament. They were uncapped at U21 level, but was an unused substitute in a number of matches and was called into the 2018 Toulon Tournament group as a standby and training support. While on U21 duty in October 2019, Balcombe trained with the full England squad.
Personal life
Balcombe is of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines descent through their parents. They attended Castle Lower School in Bedford and won the Outstanding Achiever Award at the 2017 Bedford Sports Awards.
Career statistics
Honours
England U20
Toulon Tournament: 2017
England U18
International Trophy: 2016
Bromley
FA Trophy: 2021–22
References
External links
Ellery Balcombe at brentfordfc.com
Ellery Balcombe at thefa.com
1999 births
Living people
English footballers
Black British sportspeople
Brentford F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
England youth international footballers
National League (English football) players
Boreham Wood F.C. players
English expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Danish 1st Division players
Viborg FF players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
English Football League players
English people of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines descent
Burton Albion F.C. players
Bromley F.C. players
Sportspeople from Watford
Crawley Town F.C. players
Edward Quintal (1800 – 8 September 1841) was the first Magistrate of the British Overseas Territory of Pitcairn Island. Quintal was the son of Matthew Quintal, the Bounty Mutineer, and Teraura, the partner of Ned Young, and the future spouse of Thursday October Christian. The elder Quintal was killed by a hatchet the year before Edward was born.
Quintal was appointed elder by Joshua Hill in 1833, and they held the office of magistrate from 1838 to 1839. They were succeeded by their half-brother Arthur Quintal.
References
Pitcairn Islands people of Cornish descent
Pitcairn Islands people of Polynesian descent
Pitcairn Islands politicians
1800 births
1841 deaths
Akçaköy is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Moca roscida is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
The wingspan is 18–21 mm. The forewings are dark purplish fuscous with a pale ochreous basal mark not reaching the margins and a darker subcostal streak from the base to one-third, edged beneath by a fine pale ochreous line towards the base, interrupted in the middle and edged above on the posterior half with pale greenish-ochreous irroration (sprinkles). The basal half, except near the base and costa, is irregularly irrorated with pale whitish greenish and the costal edge is shortly pale ochreous about two-thirds, beneath this a transverse patch of whitish-greenish irroration reaching halfway across the wing, surrounding a transverse discal mark of ground colour, its lower extremity edged on each side by a short longitudinal whitish mark. There is also some slight pale irroration between this and the dorsum and an irregular fascia of pale whitish-greenish irroration from the disc at four-fifths to the tornus and an indistinct transverse streak of pale irroration near the termen. A series of cloudy dark dots is found just before the termen, between these a terminal series of indistinct dots of pale ochreous irroration. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1922
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
The Monument to Belarusians who died for Ukraine in Kyiv is the memorial sign dedicated to the Belarusians who died during the events at Euromaidan and Russian-Ukrainian war. The memorial was opened on March 28, 2016. It is located on the building number 22 on the Belarusian street in Kyiv.
Review
The monument is made in the colors of the 1918 national flag of Belarus (White-red-white) and includes an image of the Belarusian national emblem "Pahonia" (Pursuit).
At the memorial sign posted the names and photos of three persons:
Michaił Žyźnieŭski, who died during the Revolution of Dignity from a bullet;
Aleś Čarkašyn, who fought in the Tactical group "Belarus" and was killed in Donbas in August 2015 during the Anti-Terrorist Operation;
Vital Ciliženka, who fought in the Tactical group "Belarus" and was killed in Donbas in August 2015 during the Anti-Terrorist Operation.
The author of the monument is Hlib Hrzhabovsky. The sculptor's son was killed during the Battle of Donetsk Airport. Hrzhabovsky agreed to participate in the project as a volunteer.
External links
Monument to Belarusians who died for Ukraine was opened in Kyiv // Belsat TV
У КИЄВІ ВІДКРИЛИ ПАМ'ЯТНИК БІЛОРУСАМ, ЯКІ ЗАГИНУЛИ НА МАЙДАНІ ТА В АТО // Channel 5, Ukraine
Мэмарыяльны знак беларусам, якія загінулі за Ўкраіну, адкрыты ў Кіеве // svaboda.org
В Киеве появился знак памяти белорусам-героям // belaruspartisan.org
Monuments and memorials in Kyiv
Belarus–Ukraine relations
Huacratanca (possibly from Quechua waqra horn, tanka fork) is a mountain in the Urubamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Cusco Region, Urubamba Province, Ollantaytambo District. It lies northwest of Salcayoc and Patacancha, and northeast of Huarmaripayoc.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Cusco Region
There's a Hippo in My Tub, rereleased as Anne Murray Sings for the Sesame Street Generation, is a 1977 children's album by Anne Murray. Although the album did not make any of the major charts in the US or Canada, it was certified Platinum in Canada. The album was initially reissued in 1979 by Sesame Street Records retitled Anne Murray Sings for the Sesame Street Generation. It was again reissued in 2001 in CD format by EMI Music Canada, including three extra songs that were not on the original album. It was produced by Pat Riccio Jr.
As Anne Murray Sings for the Sesame Street Generation, the album was nominated for the 1980 Grammy Awards in the Best Children's Album category, where it was up against two other Sesame Street-branded albums and the soundtrack of The Muppet Movie, which won. The synthesizer line from “Teddy Bears' Picnic” was sampled by the American hip hop group Ugly Duckling as part of the song “Down the Road.”
Track listing (1977)
"Hey, Daddy" (Bob Ruzicka)
"Stars are the Windows of Heaven" (Jimmy Steiger, Tommie Malie)
"Animal Crackers" (Irving Caesar, Ted Koehler)
"Hi-Lili, Hi-Lo" (Bronisław Kaper, Helen Deutsch)
"Why, Oh, Why (Why, Why, Why)" (Woody Guthrie)
"Teddy Bears' Picnic" (Jimmy Kennedy, John Walter Bratton)
"Inchworm" (Frank Loesser)
"You Are My Sunshine/Open Up Your Heart" (Stuart Hamblen, Charles Mitchell)
"Sleepytime" (John Renton)
"Lullaby Medley: Hush Little Baby/Sleep Child/Brahms Lullaby" (Traditional, Robbie MacNeill)
Track listing (2001 reissue)
"Hey, Daddy" (Bob Ruzicka)
"Stars Are the Windows of Heaven" (Jimmy Steiger, Tommie Malie)
"Animal Crackers" (Irving Caesar, Ted Koehler)
"Hi-Lili, Hi-Lo" (Bronisław Kaper, Helen Deutsch)
"Why, Oh, Why (Why, Why, Why)" (Woody Guthrie)
"Teddy Bears' Picnic" (Jimmy Kennedy, John Walter Bratton)
"Sing High, Sing Low" (Brent Titcomb)
"Inchworm" (Frank Loesser)
"You Are My Sunshine/Open Up Your Heart" (Stuart Hamblen, Charles Mitchell)
"I Can See Clearly Now" (Johnny Nash)
"What a Wonderful World" (Robert Thiele Jr., George David Weiss)
"Sleepytime" (John Renton)
"Lullaby Medley: Hush Little Baby/Sleep Child/Brahms Lullaby" (Traditional, Robbie MacNeill)
Chart performance
Personnel
Anne Murray—lead vocals
Lisa Dryburgh, Christine MacIntosh, Kathleen Langstroth, Aidan Mason, Anne Murray, Pat Riccio Jr., Lisa Wonnacott—backing vocals
Pete Cardinali—bass guitar
Paul Beedham—drums
Sid Beckwith—flute
Bob Mann, Aidan Mason, Miles Wilkinson—guitar
John Mills Cockell, Pat Riccio Jr.—keyboards
Bob Lucier—steel guitar
Rick Wilkins—string arrangements
References
1977 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
Children's music albums by Canadian artists
Juno Award for Children's Album of the Year albums
Basil Bertin (born 7 February 1992) is a Seychellois football midfielder who plays for Northern Dynamo FC. They were a squad member for the 2016 COSAFA Cup.
References
1992 births
Living people
Seychellois footballers
Northern Dynamo FC players
Seychelles international footballers
Association football midfielders
Antwan Fontain Goodley Jr. (born September 6, 1991) is a former American football wide receiver. They played college football at Baylor.
Early years
Goodley attended Midland High School in Midland, Texas. They played wide receiver, cornerback and returned kicks. They were a three-year starter under head coach Craig Yenzer. As a senior, they were named first-team All-District 2-5A and first-team All-Permian Basin (by Odessa American) after totaling 613 yards on 38 receptions and four touchdown catches, four rushes for 55 yards and one rushing touchdown, and three touchdowns on kick returns. They finished their career with school-record 1,747 receiving yards. They were ranked by ESPN.com as the 73rd best receiver in the nation. and 119th by Scout.com.
In track, they won the 200 meters at the 2008 District 3-5A Meet with a time of 21.82 seconds. They were also part of the 4x100 relay team that set the school record with a time of 41.06 seconds. They currently hold the school's fastest 200-meter dash time ever, at 21.4 seconds.
College career
Goodley played college football at Baylor University from 2010 to 2014. During their collegiate career, they earned All-American honors as a wide receiver and recorded 150 receptions for 2,366 yards and 21 touchdowns.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Goodley signed with the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent on May 2, 2015. On September 1, 2015, they were released by the Cowboys.
Seattle Seahawks
On December 9, 2015 Goodley was signed to the Seahawks practice squad.
On September 3, 2016, Goodley was released by the Seahawks as part of final roster cuts. On September 13, 2016, they were signed to the Seahawks' practice squad. They were released on September 27, 2016.
Green Bay Packers
On December 27, 2016, Goodley was signed to the Packers practice squad. They signed a futures contract with the Packers on January 24, 2017. They were waived/injured by the Packers on May 8, 2017 and was placed on injured reserve. They were waived from injured reserve on June 15, 2017.
Kansas City Chiefs
On July 28, 2017, Goodley signed with the Kansas City Chiefs, only to be waived/injured three days later and placed on injured reserve. They were released on August 22, 2017.
Baltimore Brigade
On April 6, 2019, Goodley was assigned to the Baltimore Brigade. On April 12, 2019, they were placed on recallable reassignment and became a free agent.
References
External links
Baylor Bears bio
Living people
1991 births
People from Midland, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football wide receivers
Baylor Bears football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Seattle Seahawks players
Green Bay Packers players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Baltimore Brigade players
The 1876 Columbia football team represented Columbia University in the 1876 college football season.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia football
Mir Zahoor Hussain Khan Khoso (Urdu: ظہور حسین کھوسو) served as the Speaker of the Balochistan Assembly from 31 May 1990 to 17 November 1990. They were affiliated with the Balochistan National Party.
In 2005, Zahoor helped negotiate a political truce between their Khoso tribe and the Jamalis tribe in Jaffarabad district.
References
Living people
Pakistani politicians
Baloch people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mount Tolley () is a peak, 1,030 m, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) south of Mount Swartley in the Allegheny Mountains of the Ford Ranges, Marie Byrd Land. Discovered on aerial flights from West Base of the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) (1939–41) and named for president William P. Tolley of Allegheny College, Pennsylvania.
References
Ford Ranges
Nuevo Rocafuerte is a town in Ecuador. The capital of Aguarico Canton in Orellana Province, it was founded in 1942 as a result of a battle which displaced the inhabitants of the original settlement and subsequent border agreements which made this location a key border spot on the border with Peru.
It is the birthplace of 46th Ecuadorian president Lenín Moreno.
Climate
Nuevo Rocafuerte has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy rainfall year-round.
Sources
Columbia Lippincott Gazetteer (New York: Columbia University Press, 1952) p. 1354.
Populated places established in 1942
Populated places in Orellana Province
1942 establishments in Ecuador
Double Bayou is an unincorporated community in Chambers County, Texas, United States.
Education
The Anahuac Independent School District operates schools in the area.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Chambers County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Greater Houston
Galveston Bay Area
Ramsey Cliff () is a rock cliff along Torbert Escarpment, standing 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Mount Torbert in the Neptune Range, Pensacola Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Robert E. Ramsey, storekeeper at Ellsworth Station, winter 1958.
Cliffs of Queen Elizabeth Land
The 2013 British Supersport season is the 26th British Supersport Championship season.
Race calendar and results
The 2013 MCE Insurance British Superbike Championship calendar has been announced on 10 October 2012 by MSVR.
Championship standings
Entry list
References
External links
The official website of the British Supersport Championship
British
Supersport
British Supersport Championship
Rampart Ridge () is a prominent broken ridge on the west side of the Royal Society Range, standing north of Rutgers Glacier and extending from The Spire to Bishop Peak. Surveyed and given this descriptive name in February 1957 by the New Zealand Northern Survey Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition, 1956–58.
Its south-central portion is adjoined by Rampart Terrace, () a relatively level ice-covered terrace, long and rising to . The abrupt southern face of the terrace rises about above Rutgers Glacier. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) (1994) in association with Rampart Ridge.
At It's very west extremity stands The Spire (), a rock spire high. It was surveyed and named in 1957 by the New Zealand party of the CTAE.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Statistics of Guam League in the 1995 season.
Overview
G-Force won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
The Naked Eye is a 1956 American documentary film about the history of photography directed by Louis Clyde Stoumen. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Cast
Raymond Massey as Narrator
Edward Weston
References
External links
1956 films
American documentary films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Louis Clyde Stoumen
1956 documentary films
Documentary films about photographers
Works about the history of photography
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party of Extremadura (, PSOE–E) is the regional branch in Extremadura of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), main centre-left party in Spain since the 1970s.
Electoral performance
Assembly of Extremadura
Cortes Generales
European Parliament
Notes
References
1988 establishments in Spain
Extremadura
Political parties established in 1988
Political parties in Extremadura
Social democratic parties in Spain
Kelenna David Azubuike (born 16 December 1983) is a Nigerian-American former professional basketball player and currently the Golden State Warriors television analyst on NBC Sports Bay Area.
Born in London, England and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Azubuike became a standout player during their play at Victory Christian High School, and was eventually recruited to play for the Wildcats of the University of Kentucky. After finishing their junior season in college, Azubuike declared themselves eligible for the 2005 NBA Draft, eventually going undrafted that year. Azubuike then played for the Fort Worth Flyers of the NBA Development League, leading the league in scoring during the 2006–07 season and eventually being called up to play for the Golden State Warriors.
Early years
Azubuike was born in London, England, to Nigerian parents Kenneth and Chi Azubuike. Their parents were doctors and had moved to London for work. Azubuike relocated with their family to Tulsa, Oklahoma, in 1989 when their father was offered a fellowship at Saint Francis Hospital. Playing for Victory Christian High School, Azubuike led their team to the state title as a sophomore. They eventually became an All-State selection, averaging 39.1 points and 13.3 rebounds and leading their team to the Class 4A State Championship Game as a senior. They were the top scorer in the state of Oklahoma during their last three seasons of high school, averaging 28.5 points as a sophomore and 38.7 points as a junior. Azubuike finished their prep career with 3,530 points, 89 points short of the all-time state scoring mark.
Considered a four-star recruit by Scout.com, Azubuike was listed as the No. 8 small forward and the No. 34 player in the nation in 2002.
College
Playing under coach Tubby Smith, Azubuike said that the biggest improvement to their game at Kentucky was the ability to create offense through intense defense. As a junior, Azubuike was named to the All-SEC Second Team by the Associated Press and the league's coaches after leading the team and ranking tenth in the SEC in points per game, averaging 14.7 overall. Azubuike was named to the 2005 SEC All-Tournament Team after averaging 18.0 points in three contests. During their time with the organization, Azubuike helped the Wildcats to earn two Southeastern Conference titles, two SEC Tournament titles, and two NCAA Elite Eight appearances. Azubuike averaged 10.0 points and 3.7 rebounds in 97 career games at the University of Kentucky, shooting a 48.5% field goal average for their college career. While attending the University of Kentucky, Azubuike majored in business marketing.
NBA career
In April 2005, Azubuike announced their plans to enter the draft after their junior year, signing with agent Joel Bell and ending their college eligibility.
In the 2005–06 season, Azubuike averaged 12.6 points, 4.0 rebounds, and 1.5 assists in forty-one games with the Fort Worth Flyers of the NBA's Developmental League. Azubuike played with the Denver Nuggets in the 2006 Toshiba Vegas Summer League, where they averaged 16.4 points and finished tied at tenth in the league in scoring. In August 2006, Azubuike was signed by the Houston Rockets as a free agent, but eventually waived by October. Playing for Fort Worth of the Development League again, Azubuike averaged 5.0 rebounds, 3.2 assists, 1.17 steals, and a league-best 26.0 points in 37.7 minutes per contest, shooting 51.4% from the field and 48.5% from three-point range over twelve games.
After going undrafted, Azubuike was signed by the Golden State Warriors on 2 January 2007. Azubuike was the first Gatorade Call-Up of the 2006–07 NBA Development League season, and the 49th player overall to be called up to the NBA since the D-League began play in November 2001. During their second season with Golden State, Azubuike expressed an interest in playing for the British team during the build-up to the 2012 London Olympic Games, but was denied British citizenship under the 1981 British Nationality Act. On 17 July 2008, Azubuike signed an offer sheet with the Los Angeles Clippers for a three-year deal worth $9 million, with Golden State having seven days to match the offer. In the final hour, Golden State matched the offer made by the Clippers on 24 July 2008, allowing Azubuike to remain a Warrior.
On 17 November 2009, it was announced that Azubuike would miss the rest of the 2009–10 season after tearing their right patellar tendon in a game at the Milwaukee Bucks.
On 9 July 2010, Azubuike was traded to the New York Knicks along with Anthony Randolph, Ronny Turiaf and a future second-round pick in a sign and trade deal for David Lee. Azubuike never played in a game for the Knicks. They were waived by the Knicks on 28 February 2011.
On 23 March 2012, Azubuike was signed by the Dallas Mavericks. As part of their comeback, they were assigned to the Mavericks' D-League affiliate, the Texas Legends.
On 9 April 2012, they were recalled by the Mavericks. On 20 April 2012, Azubuike played in their first NBA game since 14 November 2009, against the Golden State Warriors. On 28 June 2012, during the 2012 NBA Draft, Azubuike was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers. They were waived by the Cavaliers on 14 October 2012.
Broadcasting career
In the summer of 2015, Azubuike attended the Sportscaster U. program at Syracuse University sponsored by the NBPA, training for a career in broadcasting. Since then, they have been assigned to announce 11 of the 19 NBA D-League games produced by NBA TV in 2016. Various of these games have been broadcast by ESPNU.
They joined NBC Sports Bay Area in 2015, covering Warriors games as a studio analyst for the pregame, halftime, and postgame shows. Beginning in 2019, they became the television analyst alongside Bob Fitzgerald, replacing Jim Barnett, who had been the color analyst for the last 34 seasons and is now the color analyst on KGMZ-FM's 95.7 The Game.
Azubuike has also worked as an analyst for the NBA on ESPN Radio since 2022.
Personal life
Azubuike has three siblings: Nonzo, Nesochi and Adaeze.  They are a Christian music fan and enjoys creating their own music. During the 2006–07 season, Azubuike made an appearance on Bay Area hip hop station KMEL and conducted an interview while the station played music which they personally produced. Azubuike is a Christian.
Azubuike has been involved with many humanitarian causes during their time in the NBA. Azubuike accepted a personal invitation from Jakaya Kikwete, the President of Tanzania, to take part in Leon H. Sullivan Summit VIII, a five-day convention held from 2 to 6 June 2008 in Arusha, Tanzania. The convention brought together many of the world's political and business leaders to focus attention and resources on Africa's economic and social development.
Azubuike is also the co-founder of The Athletes' Corner, which is a nonprofit organization working with professional athletes to create faith-based and family-focused media content.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 41||9||16.3||.445||.430||.782||2.3||.7||.5||.2||7.1
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 81||17||21.4||.445||.364||.717||4.0||.9||.6||.4||8.5
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 74||51||32.1|| .464 ||.448||.808||5.0||1.6||.8|| .7 ||14.4
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Golden State
| 9 || 7 || 25.7 || .545 || .370 || .679 || 4.6 || 1.1 || .6 || 1.0 || 13.9
|-
| align="left"|
| align="left"| Dallas
| 3 || 0 || 6.0 || .375 || .333 || .000 || .0 || .0 || .3 || .0 || 2.3
|-
| align="left"| Career
| align="left"|
| 208||84||24.2||.459||.409||.770||4.0||1.1||.6||.5||10.5
Playoffs
|-
| align="left"| 2007
| align="left"| Golden State
| 6||0||2.5||.333||.000||1.000||.7||.0||.2||.0||0.7
|-
| align="left"| 2012
| align="left"| Dallas
| 1||0||5.0||.333||1.000||.000||1.0||.0||1.0||.0||3.0
|-
| align="left"| Career
|
| 7||0||2.7||.333||.500||1.000||.7||.0||.3||.0||1.0
See also
List of European basketball players in the United States
References
External links
NBA.com Profile – Kelenna Azubuike
Career Statistics at Basketball-Reference.com
ESPN.com profile
Sports Illustrated Summary
1983 births
Living people
Christians from Oklahoma
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
Basketball players from Oklahoma
Dallas Mavericks players
Golden State Warriors players
Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball players
Nigerian men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
Texas Legends players
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
American men's basketball players
African-American Christians
Nigerian Christians
The Highlight routine competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 23 and 25 June 2022.
Results
The preliminary round was started on 23 June at 10:00. The final was held on 25 June at 15:00.
References
Highlight routine
Pierre Frédéric Dorian (24 January 1814 in Montbéliard, Doubs – 14 April 1873 in Paris) was a French master blacksmith and radical Republican leader. They served as Minister of Public Works from 4 September 1870 – 19 February 1871. They were the grandfather of Pauline Ménard-Dorian.
References
1814 births
1873 deaths
French blacksmiths
French republicans
People from Montbéliard
Transport ministers of France
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. is an American manufacturer of discrete semiconductors and passive electronic components founded by Polish-born business person Felix Zandman. Vishay has manufacturing plants in Israel, Asia, Europe, and the Americas where it produces rectifiers, diodes, MOSFETs, optoelectronics, selected integrated circuits, resistors, capacitors, and inductors. Vishay Intertechnology revenues for 2021 were $3.24 billion. As of December 31, 2021, Vishay Intertechnology had approximately 22,800 full-time employees.
Vishay is one of the world's foremost manufacturers of power MOSFETs. They have a wide range of power electronic applications, including portable information appliances, internet communications infrastructure, power integrated circuits, cell phones, and notebook computers.
History
Vishay Intertechnology was founded in 1962 by Holocaust survivor Polish-born Dr. Felix Zandman. The company was named after Zandman's ancestral village in present-day Lithuania, Veisiejai. It began operations with a patented technology that had two product lines: foil resistors and foil resistance strain gauges. In 1985, having grown from a start-up into the world's leading manufacturer of these original products, the company began an ongoing series of acquisitions to become a broadline manufacturer of electronics components.
Having expanded into so many product lines, Vishay announced in October 2009 that it would be creating a spin-off company which focuses on their high precision technologies in Foil Technology. Vishay Precision Group represents approximately 9% of Vishay annual revenue, and included their product lines in Bulk Metal Foil Resistors, micro-measurements, load cells, process weighing, and on-board weighing. In July 2010, Vishay Intertechnology completed the spin-off of Vishay Precision Group (VPG).
Since 1985, Vishay has pursued a business strategy that principally consists of the following elements: expanding within the electronic components industry, primarily through the acquisition of other manufacturers of electronic components; reducing expenses; transferring manufacturing operations to countries with lower labor costs and government-sponsored incentives; maintaining significant production facilities in regions where Vishay markets the bulk of its products; continually rolling out new products; and strengthening relationships with customers and strategic partners. As a result of this strategy, Vishay has grown from a small manufacturer of precision resistors and resistance strain gages to one of the world's largest manufacturers and suppliers of a broad line of electronic components.
Some of the manufacturers that Vishay has acquired include HiRel Systems (2012), the resistor business of Huntington Electric (2011), the wet tantalum capacitor business of KEMET (2008), the PCS business of International Rectifier (2007), BCcomponents (Beyschlag Centralab components, which was previously part of Philips Electronics Components) (2002), General Semiconductor, the infrared components business of Infineon, Mallory (NACC), and Tansitor (2001), Cera-Mite, Electro-Films, and Spectrol (2000), Siliconix and Telefunken (1998), Vitramon (1994), Roederstein (1993), Sprague (1992), Sfernice (1988), Draloric (1987), and Dale (1985).
The former Spectrol Reliance factory in Swindon, England, (UK arm of Spectrol Electronics that was acquired by Vishay in 2000, originally known as Reliance Controls) was the last design by Team 4 (Richard Rogers, Norman Foster and their respective wives), and is considered the first example of High-tech architecture in the United Kingdom. It opened in 1967 and was demolished in 1991, Spectrol Reliance moving to a different part of Swindon.
See also
Robert C. Sprague 1900-1991 - founder of Sprague Electric company (history)
References
External links
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Electronics companies of the United States
Semiconductor companies of the United States
Companies based in Chester County, Pennsylvania
American companies established in 1962
1962 establishments in Pennsylvania
Capacitor manufacturers
Noa Minsker (born 29 June 1993) is an Israeli judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -48 kg category.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Israeli female judoka
Them Bitter Cup (alternate title A Heart's Crucible) is a 1916 American silent film directed by Cleo Madison. One of only two feature-length films directed by Madison, they also played the leading role, a fervent labor organizer who uses drastic methods to finance their cause of improving the miserable lot of the workers in a factory.
The film is presumed lost.
Synopsis
Factory worker Rethna (Madison) comes from an impoverished background. Them raison d'être is to improve the miserable lot of their fellow workers; their chief foe is the cruel factory-owner. Rethna begins a sexual relationship with Henry Burke (William Mong), the owner's disreputable son, and obtains money from them which they funnel to the workers, doing with Burke's money what they believe the Burkes ought to be doing anyway. After a year, they break off their relationship with Henry and marries their brother Walter (Edward Hearn), the better man of the two. They continue to support the factory workers with Burke money, and is eventually found out by their husband. Confronted by Walter, who truly loves her, they tell them that they married them only to gain access to their money and avenge the wrongs done by their family; faced with this admission, Walter leaves Rethna.
While Rethna is at the factory pleading with their father-in-law for better working conditions, a fire breaks out. Rethna is badly burned while saving the elder Burke's life, and is themselves saved by Walter. During their convalescence they realize that they love their husband and the two are reconciled. Because of the fire, Walter's father at last resolves to improve conditions at their factory.
Cast
Cleo Madison as Rethna
William Mong as Henry Burke
Edward Hearn as Walter Burke
Ray Hanford as Factory supervisor
Adele Farrington as Mary McDougal
Lule Warrenton as Boardinghouse woman
Willis Marks
Production
Once Cleo Madison achieved star status at Universal, they lobbied for and was given the chance to direct. After directing numerous short films in 1915, Madison directed two feature films, the second of which was Them Bitter Cup.
Reception
A contemporary review in the trade paper Motion Picture News gave a mixed opinion of the film, acknowledging Madison's skill and the story overall but expressing confusion about the resolution of the plot. In Moving Picture World, the review also expressed reservations, "The story is quite strong in some respects, but certain features seem to lack proper significance." The review in the New York Clipper was unfavorable and summed up bluntly, "It's so bad it's funny."
References
Notes
Citations
1916 drama films
1916 films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
Lost American films
Universal Pictures films
Silent American drama films
1916 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
The 1952–53 New York Knicks season was the seventh season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). With a 47–23 record, the Knicks won the regular season Eastern Division title by a half-game over the Syracuse Nationals and made the NBA Playoffs for the seventh consecutive year.
In the first round of the 1953 NBA Playoffs, the Knicks swept the Baltimore Bullets 2–0 in a best-of-three series to advance to the Eastern Division Finals. There, New York defeated the Boston Celtics 3–1 to make the NBA Finals for the third straight year. In the Finals, the Knicks lost to the Minneapolis Lakers, four games to one. The club would wait another 17 years to make an NBA championship final, winning it in 1970.
NBA draft
Note: This is not an extensive list; it only covers the first and second rounds, and any other players picked by the franchise that played at least one game in the league.
Regular season
Season standings
x – clinched playoff spot
Record vs. opponents
Game log
Playoffs
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| March 17
| Baltimore
| W 80–62
| Connie Simmons (25)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2
| March 20
| @ Baltimore
| W 90–81
| Vince Boryla (20)
| Baltimore Coliseum
| 2–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| March 25
| Boston
| W 95–91
| Connie Simmons (18)
| Dick McGuire (8)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| March 26
| @ Boston
| L 70–86
| Harry Gallatin (17)
| Carl Braun (7)
| Boston Garden
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 3
| March 28
| Boston
| W 101–82
| Harry Gallatin (23)
| Dick McGuire (11)
| Madison Square Garden III
| 2–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4
| March 29
| @ Boston
| W 82–75
| Carl Braun (18)
| Nat Clifton (9)
| Boston Garden
| 3–1
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1
| April 4
| @ Minneapolis
| W 96–88
| Carl Braun (21)
| —
| Minneapolis Auditorium5,000
| 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 2
| April 5
| @ Minneapolis
| L 71–73
| Connie Simmons (17)
| —
| Minneapolis Auditorium4,848
| 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 3
| April 7
| Minneapolis
| L 75–90
| Connie Simmons (18)
| —
| 69th Regiment Armory5,100
| 1–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 4
| April 8
| Minneapolis
| L 69–71
| Connie Simmons (17)
| —
| 69th Regiment Armory5,200
| 1–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 5
| April 10
| Minneapolis
| L 84–91
| Carl Braun (19)
| Ernie Vandeweghe (4)
| 69th Regiment Armory5,200
| 1–4
|-
Player statistics
Season
Playoffs
Awards and records
Transactions
See also
1952–53 NBA season
References
External links
1952–53 New York Knickerbockers Statistics
1953 NBA Playoff Summary
New York Knicks
New York Knicks season
New York Knicks
New York Knicks seasons
1950s in Manhattan
Madison Square Garden
I Believe, Help My Unbelief is the first studio album by Rival Choir, released on February 5, 2016 on Facedown Records. It was the band's second release with the label, with their first being Struggle Well, released in 2014 when they were still known as Mouth of the South. This is the band's third album, their first being Transparency, an independent release.
Critical reception
David Stagg, allotting the album a four-star review by HM Magazine, responds, "In leaving behind the singularity of one mouth, the band has learned they're going to gain the ultimate prize: a choir of voices, a dedicated group of fans that listened to them." Indicating in a nine out of ten review from Cross Rhythms, Ian Webber states, "In Rival Choir, Facedown Records have a band that are delivering a fresh take on metalcore that will not be to everyone's taste with its lack of traditional elements, but one that provides much to chew over for those looking for loud music with a lyrically mature edge."
Awarding the album four stars at Jesus Freak Hideout, Timothy Estabrooks writes, "I Believe, Help My Unbelief is a truly passionate album." Scott Fryberger, giving the album four stars from Jesus Freak Hideout, states, "it sets the bar rather high; not just for other bands, but for themselves as well." Rating the album four stars for Jesus Freak Hideout, Jeremy Barnes says, "On the whole, with continued development and maintained creative energy, Rival Choir may soon become a flagship in a revitalized genre." Reviewing the album for Anchor Music News, Rob Clark describes, "This is an album that will have you hooked from the first verse to last." Tim Dodderidge, putting a seven and a half star rating upon the album at Mind Equals Blown, says, "The music itself isn't exactly anything new for the genres of metalcore and melodic hardcore, but I Believe, Help My Unbelief, is a definite step-up from the outfit's previous effort under a different name."
Track listing
Charts
References
2016 debut albums
Facedown Records albums
Monte San Petrone is a mountain in the department of Haute-Corse on the island of Corsica, France.
It is the highest mountain in the Monte San Petrone massif, the southernmost of the schist massifs of the northeast of the island.
Location
The Monte San Petrone is the highest peak in the Castagniccia region, named after the abundant sweet chestnut trees, in the northeast of Corsica.
It is bounded by the Golo valley to the north, the Tyrhanian Sea to the east, the Tavignano valley to the south and the central valley of Corse from Corte to Ponte Leccia in the east.
There are three ridges in the district running roughly north-south: the Mont Piano Maggiore ridge is in the west, the Monte San Pedrone ridge is in the center and is the main ridge of the region, and the eastern ridge includes Monte Negrine and Monte Castello d'Osani.
The peak marks the meeting point of the boundaries of the cantons of Saliceto to the northwest, Nocario to the northeast, Campana to the southeast and San-Lorenzo to the southwest.
The Statuette of San Petru is on the eastern slope of the mountain.
The village of Saliceto is to the west and Nocario is to the east.
The Fium'Alto river originates on the south of the mountain.
Physical
Monte San Petrone has an elevation of , clean prominence of and isolation of .
Its nearest higher neighbor is Pinerole at , to the west northwest.
Monte Cinto, the highest mountain on the island, is west.
Hiking
Hikers can access Monte San Petrone in the spring, summer and autumn.
It may have snow cover in the winter.
The trail from Col de Prato on the D71 road mainly runs through beach and pine woods, which provide shade from the summer heat.
The trail is long and rises .
It may take a walker in good condition three hours to complete.
Gallery
Notes
Citations
Sources
Mountains of Haute-Corse
The enzyme Glucosaminate ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.9) catalyzes the chemical reaction
2-amino-2-deoxy-D-gluconate = 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconate + NH3 (overall reaction)
(1a) 2-amino-2-deoxy-Dgluconate = (2Z,4S,5R)-2-amino-4,5,6-trihydroxyhex-2-enoate + H2O
(1b) (2Z,4S,5R)-2-amino-4,5,6-trihydroxyhex-2-enoate = (4S,5R)-4,5,6-trihydroxy-2-iminohexanoate (spontaneous)
(1c) (4S,5R)-4,5,6-trihydroxy-2-iminohexanoate + H2O = 2-dehydro-3-deoxyD-gluconate + NH3 (spontaneous)
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically ammonia lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-gluconate ammonia-lyase (isomerizing; 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconate-forming). Other names in common use include glucosaminic dehydrase, D-glucosaminate dehydratase, D-glucosaminic acid dehydrase, aminodeoxygluconate dehydratase, 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-gluconate hydro-lyase (deaminating), aminodeoxygluconate ammonia-lyase, 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-gluconate ammonia-lyase, and D-glucosaminate ammonia-lyase. This enzyme participates in the pentose phosphate pathway. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 4.3.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
The Bras de la Rivière Saint-Denis is a tributary of the east bank of the Saint-Denis River which empties on the southeast bank of the Kamouraska River, which empties on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River two km east of the center of the village of Kamouraska.
The Bras de la Rivière Saint-Denis flows on the Côte-du-Sud in the municipalities of Mont-Carmel and Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, in the Kamouraska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent, in province of Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
Drawing its source from Lac des Marais (length: ; altitude: ) in the municipality of Mont-Carmel, this watercourse flows generally to the north-west. This spring is located in the heart of the Notre Dame Mountains, at east of the south coast of the St. Lawrence River, at south-east of the center of the village of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant and at north of Chaudière lake which constitutes the head lake of Chaude River.
From its source, the Bras de la Rivière Saint-Denis flows over entirely in a forest zone, divided into the following segments:
west in Mont-Carmel, to the Canadian National railway bridge;
north, to the mouth of Davidson Lake (length: ; altitude: ) that the current crosses north; a marsh area borders the west side of the lake;
west, up to a forest road;
westward, to the southern limit of the municipality of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant;
north, up to its confluence.
This confluence is located at southwest of the center of the village of Saint-Bruno-de-Kamouraska, at east of center of the village of Saint-Gabriel-de-Kamouraska and southeast of the center of the village of Mont-Carmel.
Toponymy
The toponym "Bras de la Rivière Saint-Denis" was formalized on December 2, 1982, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
Rubin "Rubie" Schron is a New York City real estate investor, landlord, and the founder of Cammeby's International Group. They own or controls property worth over $13 billion, according to data company Real Capital Analytics. Founded in 1967, Cammeby's portfolio includes office buildings; market-rate and government-subsidized apartment complexes; nursing homes, the 16-building complex in Sunset Park now known as Industry City; a stake in the bottom half of the Woolworth Building; and industrial properties across Long Island. In 2013, Schron made an unsolicited and unsuccessful offer to buy the Empire State Building for $2 billion. In 2003, an investment group led by Schron paid $705.6 million for a portfolio of about 6,000 outer-borough apartments from Donald Trump. Other buildings they own include the Monterey, a 521-unit rental multifamily building on Manhattan's Upper East Side; over the decades, Schron has also amassed a portfolio of Mitchell-Lama apartment buildings whose values have been skyrocketing to record values, after reverting to market rates when government subsidies expired. In 2007, they sold nearly 4,000 units of former Mitchell-Lama properties in five complexes in Harlem and on Roosevelt Island for $940 million. Schron, who practices Orthodox Judaism, has eight children and 50 grandchildren. They and their family reside in Brooklyn.
Early life
Schron grew up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in an Orthodox Jewish family. Their family entered the real estate business by using the proceeds from the death of their brother in World War II to purchase a small apartment building.
Career
Schron continued with the family business purchasing several buildings in the Bronx. In 1967, they founded the real estate investment company Cammeby's International Group. Typically partnering in all their transactions, Schron steadily grew the business. In 2007, Cammeby's was managing over $1 billion in assets.
Rubin Schron partners with Avrohom Fruchthandler president of FBE Limited on most of their large real estate deals.
Significant transactions include:
In 1998, they and partner Steve Witkoff purchased the Woolworth Building for $137.5 million.
In 2003, they purchased 6,000 outer borough apartments from the estate of Fred Trump.
In 2007, they sold 4,000 Mitchell-Lama apartments for $940 million to Urban American Management and its private equity partner, City Investment Fund.
In 2011, they sold the Lionel Hampton Houses in Harlem to real estate investor Israel Weinberger for $32.5 million.
In 2013, they made an unsuccessful bid for the Empire State Building.
In 2013, they purchased the Monterey, a 521 unit apartment tower, for $250 million from The Related Companies.
Nursing home investments
In 2002, Schron was advised by their friend and attorney, Leonard Grunstein, to purchase two large nursing home chains with over 18,000 patients and 183 facilities spread out over 27 states for a combined $1.4 billion. In 2003, the bankrupt Integrated Health Services (renamed SavaSeniorCare) was purchased and in 2004, Mariner Health Care was purchased. Schron financed the entire transaction. They split each company into two entities: a real estate company which would hold the real property (run by Schron); and an operating company that would run the nursing homes (run by Grunstein and a banker named Murray Foreman). The operating company would make lease payments to the real estate company. The partnership deteriorated after Schron was told by Grunstein that they could not raise rent payments even while interest rates were rising. A lawsuit resulted and Schron countersued to exercise a $100 million option to purchase the nursing home side of the business. Schron, represented by attorney Andrew J. Levander, prevailed and in 2012, they took full control of the two nursing home companies with a combined $1.4 billion in revenues.
Personal life
Schron is widowed having lost their wife Marta in June 2020. They had eight children together. They live in Brooklyn in the same single-family home where they raised their family. They lead a simple life and eschews interviews.
2022 Bronx fire tragedy
Through Cammeby's International, Schron was the owner of 333 E. 181st St. In 2019 Schon sold it to Bronx Park Phase III Preservation LLC, a partnership among Rick Gropper of Camber Property Group, Belveron Partners and LIHC Investment Group. On January 9, 2022, almost 20 people died in a fire with dozens injured. Initially, the five-alarm blaze originated with a space heater in one of the apartments. However, some of the self-closing doors were malfunctioning and contributed to the deaths and injuries, even though Schons group had received $25 million in 2014 and Gropper's Bronx Park Phase III partnership received $11 million for repairs and upgrades, for over two dozen complaints and violations.
Both Schon and Cammeby's as well as the new owners,Bronx Park Phase III Preservation LLC, have been sued in a Class Action lawsuit seeking $1 billion in compensatory damages for alleged negligence and another $2 billion in punitive damages on behalf of themselves and “all others similarly situated."
References
1939 births
American real estate businesspeople
American Orthodox Jews
Businesspeople from New York City
People from Brooklyn
Living people
American billionaires
People from the Lower East Side
American landlords
Godin-Oualogtinga is a town in the Koudougou Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 5,189.
References
Populated places in the Centre-Ouest Region
Boulkiemdé Province
Chahar Suq (, also Romanized as Chahār Sūq) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
WinBuilder is a free application designed to build and customize boot disks (Live CDs) based on Microsoft Windows (WinPE).
Scripts
Scripts are the building blocks of Live CD compiled with Winbuilder, and are used to build the core components of the Live CD for adding applications, and for configuration of a specific project.
Scripts consist of a human-readable text file with the extension, and can contain Winbuilder scripting commands, the scripts graphical user interface, and sometimes encoded applications to be extracted when needed.
Projects
A Project is a collection of Winbuilder scripts maintained for building a complete Live CD. Each project contains multiple scripts, each responsible for adding features or applications to the build.
Users may build their own projects from scratch or use one of many projects actively developed by the boot-land community. Projects can be downloaded directly using Winbuilder's built-in download manager and used as-is or further customized to meet the individual's needs.
Actively developed projects
Gena - The Gena project provides a basis for building a PE environment using Windows XP sources and is the successor to LiveXP
nativeEx_multiPE - Live CD/DVD / Live USB that can be built from either Windows XP, Windows 2003, Windows Vista, or Windows 7 x86 sources.
Win7PE SE - The Win7PE SE project provides a basis for building a PE environment using Windows 7 or Windows Vista sources. A fork of Multi 7PEs.
Win8PE SE - The Win8PE SE project provides a basis for building a PE environment using a Windows 8 source and supports both x86 and x64 architectures.
Win8.1PE SE - The Win8.1PE SE project provides a basis for building a PE environment using a Windows 8.1 source and supports both x86 and x64 architectures.
Win10PE SE - Live CD/DVD that can be built from Windows 10 sources and supports both x86 and x64 architectures.
Inactive Projects
BartPEcore - running bartPE inside a Winbuilder environment
BB-7PE - A Windows 7 based Rescue focused PE using bbLean as its shell.
LiveXP - Based on nativeEx, contains a large archive of programs targeted for computer repair and administration
Multi 7PEs (formally Win7PE) - Live CD/DVD that can be built from either Windows 7 or Windows Vista sources
MultiPE Leopard - Live CD/DVD that can be built from either Windows 7 or Windows Vista sources.
NativeEx - Small sized Windows XP PE boot disk (~50Mb)
NaughtyPE - Windows XP PE boot disk with sound support and other multimedia features.
PicoXP - Minimalistic 14 MB boot disk based on XP
UXP - Based On Windows XP for making a multiboot CD/DVD which includes The LiveXP and WinRoot (also for customization of the CD/DVD there are other apps used such as Nlite, etc.)
VistaPE - Based on Windows PE 2.0 (included on Windows Vista DVD and WAIK)
VistaPE CAPI - Based on VistaPE VistaPE CAPI provides bugfixes and enhancements to the original project and support for newer Winbuilder versions.
Win7RescuePE - Live CD/DVD based on Windows 7
All of these projects are developed and distributed freely and aim to provide an alternative to other popular Live CD distributions based on Linux such as Knoppix, Slax, Damn Small Linux, which are known for their use in rescue or administrative actions on PCs.
Use and reception
Use of the software to build various customized boot disks has been covered in articles from PC Quest, PC-Welt (the German edition of PC World, which also offers some customized scripts for building disk images including additional utilities, branded as pcwVistaPE and pcwWin7PE), the Russian edition of CHIP, and by TeraByte Unlimited.
CNET editor's review found that "WinBuilder is one of the most easy-to-use boot disk creation tools in the genre," and praised it for its "novice-friendly interface", but at the same time warned that the "program expects experienced users. For the most part, boot disk applications are for experts only." The built-in Download Center was remarked because it "simplifies procuring the boot disk applications." Other features praised were "its small size, fair memory overhead, simple instructions, and robust application installation wizards."
See also
BartPE
Windows Preinstallation Environment
List of Microsoft Windows components#Core components
List of Microsoft Windows components
nLite and vLite
Scripting
Windows To Go
References
Further reading
Menno Schoone, VistaPE: manual for a Windows Vista based PE, OptimizingPC
Sascha Mölck, Notfall-CD 2008 für Windows XP/Vista, pp. 41–44, ComputerWissen.de N 059/01
Xavier Cardona Peris, Sistemas Operativos Monopuesto, pp. 102–103
External links
Official forum
Winbuilder Documentation
Additional documentation by Paraglider
Paper explaining in detail the scripting framework of WinBuilder
Operating system distributions bootable from read-only media
Windows administration
Ferenc Sas (16 August 1915 – 3 September 1988), born as Ferenc Sohn, in Argentina known as Francisco "Sas" Sohn, was a Hungarian football player. With the Hungary they played in the final of the World Cup 1938. With Hungária MTK FC and CA Boca Juniors they won national championships.
Life
Ferenc Sas was born as the son of Leopold, who fell in World War I, and Roza Sohn. Their parents were Jewish. They later hungarised their name, selecting "Sas", the Hungarian word for "Eagle", in order to get easier access to the Hungarian national team.
The right winger debuted in 1934 with Hungária FC, today's MTK Budapest. They impressed with their speed and technical abilities, one-on-ones were not their strength. They played in the front row alongside Pál Titkos and the Austrian Heinrich "Wudi" Müller in the team coached by Alfréd Schaffer that won the Hungarian Championships of 1936 and 1937.
In April 1936 Sas played for the first time for the national team, alongside Jenö Vincze on the right outfield, defeating Austria 5–3. A few days later in a match against Ireland they score their first goal for the Magyars. Sas remained part of the Hungarian standard formation for the next two years.
In 1937 they were part of a Central-European selection that played in Amsterdam against a Western-European XI. In this match, which was organised by FIFA, they contributed with assists from György Sárosi and Italy's Silvio Piola two goals to the 3:1 victory of their side.
In 1938 they participated with Hungary at the World Cup in France. After 6-0 and 2-0 wins against Dutch East Indies (today's Indonesia) and Switzerland, Hungary, coached by Alfréd Schaffer, defeated Sweden in the semi-final 5–1. Despite the support of the majority of the crowd, in the final Hungary had little chance against Italy, led by Giuseppe Meazza and Silvio Piola, arguably two of the greatest players of the era, and lost 2–4.
After the World Cup they migrated to Argentina. In December 1938 they debuted in a friendly for CA Boca Juniors. In the ensuing season they played 24 matches for the Juniors, scoring 9 goals, sharing the club's top scorer honours with two other players. The following season, they won the championship of Argentina. Sas, now called Francisco Sohn, however faced strong competition within the team and only played four league matches in that season. A friendly in March 1941 was their last match for Boca Juniors.
From the beginning of 1943 they played for three seasons in the second division with Argentinos Juniors. There they scored 12 goals in 72 matches. They continued to play at amateur level with Macabi, where they also coached. They also coached at the Colegio David Wolfsohn.
In Argentina they married their fiancé who followed them from Hungary with whom they shared a son and three grandchildren. In later years they worked for the renown clothing store Raitor, cinemas and a jeweller's store.
References
External links
Ferenc Sas (Sohn), EU-Football (List of international matches of Ferenc Sas)
Sas, Ferenc Sohn - Trayectoria y Biobrafia , Historia de Boca, (all matches of Ferenc Sohn Sas for CABJ)
Javier Roimiser: Un Húngaro en Argentinos Juniors, Te Acordás Bicho?, 14.9.2010
1915 births
1988 deaths
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
Footballers from Budapest
Jewish footballers
Jewish Hungarian sportspeople
MTK Budapest FC players
Boca Juniors footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Hungarian football managers
Hungarian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Association football midfielders
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Selånger FK is a Swedish football club located in Selånger in Västernorrland County. It is a part of the alliance club Selånger SK. Their most acclaimed player is Vilma Abrahamsson.
Background
Selånger Fotbollklubb was founded in 1921 as Selånger Sportklubb (Selånger SK). Selånger SK had departments for a number of sports, but in 1991 it was split up in a number of clubs which however still cooperate in an alliance and share the same logo. Apart from Selånger FK, these are Selånger SK Bandy and Selånger SOK.
The football club is now one of the biggest clubs in Västernorrland with 650 members. They run 23 league teams and also provide a football school for children of 5–7 years of age.
Since their foundation Selånger FK has participated mainly in the middle and lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 1 Norrla which is the third tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at Norrporten Arena in Sundsvall. The club manages the facility themselves which at the moment has seven grass pitches and a building with changing rooms and a cafeteria.
Selånger FK are affiliated to the Medelpads Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
Attendances
In recent seasons Selånger FK have had the following average attendances:
The attendance record for Selånger FK was 350 spectators at the local derby match against Sund IF in 2011 (Division 3 Södra Norrland).
Combined Clubs
Selangor FA
Footnotes
External links
Selånger FK – Official website
Selånger FK – Football website
Selånger FK Facebook
Selånger SK Supporters of the world Facebook
Sport in Sundsvall
Football clubs in Västernorrland County
Association football clubs established in 1921
1921 establishments in Sweden
The 1954 FIFA World Cup qualification Group 9 contained Italy and Egypt.
Table
Matches
Italy qualified.
Team stats
Head coach: Technical Commission: Lajos Czeizler, Angelo Schiavio, Silvio Piola
Head coach: Abdulrahman Fawzi
References
External links
FIFA official page
RSSSF – 1954 World Cup Qualification
Allworldcup
9
Qual
1953–54 in Egyptian football
The 1994 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 44th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. Al-Wehdat won its 4th title.
Teams
Map
League table
Overview
Al-Wehdat won the championship.
References
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
football
football
Zhangxin is a town in Linquan County of Fuyang, Anhui, China.
References
Towns in Anhui
is a train station in Yamaguchi, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Ube Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1925
Barry Buddon Training Area is a Ministry of Defence-owned rifle range and training area in Barry, Angus, Scotland, which runs adjacent to Carnoustie Golf Links and the Dundee - Aberdeen railway Line.
History
Barry Buddon dates back to around 1850 when the area was used by the Forfarshire Rifle Volunteers, the Fife and Forfar Yeomanry, the Panmure Battery of the Forfarshire Artillery Brigade, and a Royal Naval Reserve Battery. In 1897 the Earl of Dalhousie sold the site to the War Office for use as a military training area.
The training area covers 2,300 acres (930 hectares), of which 600 acres (240 hectares) is intertidal zone. The camp was expanded in the late 1990s and has accommodation for 507. With all camps and facilities at maximum usage about 130,000 personnel could use the training area each year. The ranges were used in the 1986 Commonwealth Games and the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
The Barry Buddon range used a narrow gauge railway with an armoured diesel locomotive to pull moving targets on railway wagons to be used for gunnery practise.
Most of the training area is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and an EU Special Area of Conservation (SAC), as well as a Special Protection Area (SPA) for birds under the European Birds Directive.
See also
List of Commonwealth Games venues
References
External links
Army Training Estate
Barracks in Scotland
Training establishments of the British Army
2014 Commonwealth Games venues
1986 Commonwealth Games venues
Narrow gauge railways in Scotland
Jagjit Chuhan (born 1955) is an Indian-British artist, art curator and art lecturer.  They are Professor of International Art at Liverpool John Moores University.
Life
Jagjit Chuhan was born in 1955 in Punjab, India. They trained at the Slade School of Fine Art from 1973 to 1977.
Chuhan became Reader in Eclecticism in Art, and chair of the Centre for Art International Research (CAIR), at Liverpool John Moores University. In 1999 they collaborated with Laura Arison on 'an intimate mosaic' at the Senate House of the University of Liverpool. They also co-curated 'Lines of Desire', a drawing exhibition which toured internationally in 1999.
Works
Exhibitions
'New North', Tate Gallery Liverpool, 1991
'Indian Winter', Kapil Jariwala Gallery, London, 1995
'In the Looking Glass', Usher Gallery, Lincoln, 1996
'A long way from home – a painter's journey: new work by J. Chuhan', Lowry Centre, 2002–3.
'Parampara: Portraits by J. Chuhan - New perceptions of the British/South Asian experience', Shisha, Manchester, 2004.
'J Chuhan: Recent Paintings', Victoria Gallery & Museum, Liverpool, 2013.
Books
(ed.) Responses – intercultural drawing practice. Liverpool : Liverpool School of Art and Design (Centre for Art International Research), 2001.
(ed. with Angela Dimitrakaki and Emma Thomas) Re: trace dialogues : essays on contemporary art and culture. Liverpool: Liverpool School of Art and Design (Centre for Art International Research), 2002.
(ed. with Fareda Khan and Sheila Maddison) Reflections: in conversation with artists from Bangladesh, India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka. Manchester: Shisha, 2004.
References
1955 births
Living people
British artists
British women artists
British art curators
Alumni of the Slade School of Fine Art
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
British people of Indian descent
British Asian writers
Severe Tropical Cyclone Heidi was a small and moderately-powerful tropical cyclone that struck Western Australia in January 2012. The seventh tropical low, third tropical cyclone, and second severe tropical cyclone of the 2011–12 Australian region cyclone season, Heidi developed from a tropical low that formed to the south of Indonesia on 9 January, before strengthening into a Category 1 tropical cyclone on the following day. Tracking southward towards the Pilbara coast in a favourable environment, Heidi rapidly intensified and attained Category 3 severe tropical cyclone status on 11 January. After making landfall at peak intensity later that day with estimated winds of 150 km/h (90 mph), Heidi rapidly weakened, dissipating over Western Australia by 13 January.
In advance of Heidi's arrival, the Port of Port Hedland, offshore and coastal oil rigs and iron mines were shut and workers moved out of the area. Alerts were issued for much of the Pilbara coast, and the Port Hedland International Airport was shut. Heidi dropped heavy rainfall across the Pilbara and West Kimberley regions in Western Australia, with a maximum accumulation of being reported at Pardoo Station. These heavy rains lead to minor flooding on roads in the region. In addition, strong winds knocked out winds and caused major power outages in South Hedland and Wedgefield. Overall, Heidi caused only minor damage and no deaths; nonetheless, the name Heidi was later retired from the rotating list of storm names assigned by the Bureau of Meteorology.
Meteorological history
The origins of Heidi can be traced to a tropical low that was first noted by TCWC Perth about south of Sawu, Indonesia on 9 January 2012. Located in an environment favourable for development, characterised by low northerly wind shear, divergence due to an upper-level trough to the south over central Western Australia, good poleward outflow to the south and sea surface temperatures (SSTs) of 28 to 31°C till the Pilbara coast, the low tracked southwards quickly and intensified into a Category 1 tropical cyclone at 1200 UTC on 10 January. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) estimated that Heidi intensified into a tropical storm six hours later. When it first developed, Heidi was a small tropical cyclone, with gale-force winds extending outward from the centre of the cyclone.
Owing to the highly favourable environment and its small size, Heidi rapidly intensified after genesis. The system continued to track southwards while decelerating and contracting in size, and intensified to Category 2 strength six hours after being named. Heidi intensified into a Category 3 severe tropical cyclone at 1200 UTC on January 11, and six hours later attained its peak intensity with ten-minute sustained winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) and an estimated minimum central pressure of 960 mbar (hPa). At the same time, the JTWC estimated Heidi to have one-minute sustained winds of . Heidi made landfall about east of Port Hedland a couple of hours later at peak intensity. At landfall, gale-force winds extended only outwards from the centre of the tropical cyclone. Heidi rapidly weakened over land: the cyclone fell to Category 2 strength within ten hours of landfall, and the system weakened to Category 1 strength in another six hours. Heidi weakened into a tropical low by 1800 UTC on January 12, which was last noted by TCWC Perth as well as the JTWC 12 hours later.
Preparations and impact
In advance of the approach of Heidi, the BoM issued a cyclone warning for the coast from Sandfire to Mardie. The Karijini National Park was shut, and the Port of Port Hedland was cleared and shut formally by 2 a.m. on 11 January. Non-essential port and construction workers were moved out and iron mines in the Pilbara coast were shut in preparation for Heidi. Oil rigs offshore and along the Pilbara coast halted their activities in the lead-up to Heidi. The Port Hedland International Airport was shut, and Qantas cancelled two afternoon return services. The 300 affected passengers were provided with one night's accommodation by the carrier. A red alert was issued by the BoM for the coast between Pardoo and Whim Creek, and a blue alert for island communities between Whim Creek and Dampier. The residents of Port Hedland were advised to immediately seek shelter, and people in the surrounding areas were urged to gather food, water, torches, portable radios and first aid kits. Residents from Port Hedland to Wallal were warned against storm surge that could inundate low-lying areas. About 45 people took shelter in a relocation centre in South Hedland overnight.
The small, destructive core of Heidi missed Port Hedland to the east. Nonetheless, very strong winds and heavy rainfall caused minor flooding and power outages, and trees were uprooted across properties. According to Horizon Power, more than 3,500 homes and businesses in Port Hedland lost power due to Heidi. Though the threat of the storm surge did not eventuate as the storm slowed before landfall and as landfall occurred more than four hours after the high tide, heavy rainfall of over led to flooding in the region. of rainfall was reported in 24 hours at Pardoo Station, while Port Hedland Aerodrome recorded of rain. Overall, damage due to Heidi was relatively minor, and no casualties were reported.
The name Heidi was retired by the Bureau of Meteorology from the rotating list of names used for tropical cyclones in the Australian region following the season. It is replaced with Hayley.
See also
Cyclone George (2007) the last tropical cyclone to impact the Pilbara coast before Heidi.
Cyclone Christine (2013) impacted the Pilbara coast the following year.
References
External links
Australian Bureau of Meteorology
Heidi
Heidi 2012
Heidi 2012
Heidi
Retired Australian region cyclones
Laura Serrano Garcia (born October 20, 1967 in Mexico City) is a Mexican boxer.
Serrano began boxing at the Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México in Mexico City, where they were studying to become a lawyer. They wanted to lose weight and stay in shape. They applied for a professional boxer's license in Mexico. After a short appearance in two episodes of the Volver a empezar soap opera, they went to Las Vegas, and on a pay per view card they challenged Christy Martin for the world title. It was their first fight as a professional and resulted in a draw.
Serrano's next fight was against world champion Deirdre Gogarty. They won by a knockout in seven rounds, in what was the first all women's boxing undercard held at the Aladdin Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas.
Serrano was supposed to box on the Julio César Chávez-Miguel Ángel González Pay Per View event's undercard in Mexico City. However, a ban from 1947 was found, forbidding women from boxing events in Mexico City. Thanks in part to Serrano's subsequent legal battle, the ordinance was dropped.
Serrano suffered a foot injury for which they underwent surgery, but in 1999 they came back and won a decision in their comeback bout. They then, on 2 September 1999, [details from their BoxRec page] met and defeated the world champion Tracy Byrd to become Mexico's first woman world boxing champion.
They defended their title against Cinthya Prouder (won in a unanimous decision after round 6), Alicia Ashley (won in a unanimous decision after round 8), Gina Greenwald (knockout in round 1) and Kelsey Jeffries (knockout in round 3), followed. The Jeffries fight resulted in Jeffries' first defeat.
On August 12, 2008, Serrano challenged Melissa Del Valle for the Junior Lightweight title. Once again, this world title attempt resulted in a draw (tie).
Serrano has won their last two world title defenses, both decisions, one in ten rounds in Las Vegas and another one, a six-round win in Phoenix.
Personal
As of 2005, they were engaged to be married. Serrano is also a lawyer.
During 2015, they were inducted as the first Mexican female boxer in the International Women's Boxing Hall of Fame.
Professional boxing record
References
External links
Further reading
1967 births
Living people
Mexican women boxers
Boxers from Mexico City
Southpaw boxers
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
World boxing champions
Featherweight boxers
Wanniaarachchige Don David Victor Jayamanne, MBE (15 February 1915 – 25 July 1981), popularly known as Eddie Jayamanne was a popular Sri Lankan comedian and actor of early Sri Lankan cinema.
Early life
They were born on 15 February 1915 in Periyamulla, Negambo to a Christian family as the youngest of the family with seven siblings. Their father, W. Don Thomas was a teacher at Maris Stella College. They were educated at the Cross College of Negombo, St. Peter's College, Negombo, St. Mary's College, Negombo and Maris Stella College. Their elder brother B. A. W. Jayamanne was a renowned filmmaker and producer.
Eddie married fellow Minerva troupe player Rukmani Devi after falling in love through their involvement in the same plays. Devi's parents challenged their engagement in court but they were allowed to go through with their marriage.
Cinema career
Eddie with their brother B. A. W. Jayamanne formed the Minerva theater troupe in the 1930s. They successfully ran plays in which naive Ceylonese characters would ape Western ways to comical results merging South Indian theatre with Western drama. Eddie, a frequent star of these comedies, became a popular theater actor in the years leading up to the development of Sri Lankan cinema.
In 1947, South Indian producer S. M. Nayagam became interested in producing a Sri Lankan film. They contacted B. A. W. Jayamanne and secured the rights to one of their plays called Kadawunu Poronduwa. Eddie would be one of the stars in this film adaption in the village simpleton role of "Manappuwa" alongside Jemini Kantha as Josi Baba. As the first film to feature Sinhalese dialogue, the film found approval with audiences and was a huge success.
The Jayamanne brothers followed the success of the film with several other play adaptions i.e. Hadisi Vinishchaya (1949), Sengawunu Pilithura (1951) and Umathu Wishwasaya (1952). Mabel Blythe joined the cast with Hadisi Vinishchaya. In 1953 the brothers adapted a book into film for the first time in Sri Lankan cinema (Kele Handa). Their subsequent films include Iranganie (1954), Matha Bedhaya (1955), Perakadoru Bena (1955), Daiwa Wipaakaya (1956), Vanaliya (1958), Kawata Andare (1960) and Mangalika (1963).
Eddie's work not related to their brother's productions include playing a musician in Sandesaya (1960) and the brother of a village simpleton who discovers a jewel and becomes rich in Kolomba Sanniya (1976). They reprised their role as Manappuwa in a remake of Kadawunu Poronduwa released in 1982.
They were appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1954 Birthday Honours.
Death
On 25 July 1981, Eddie died from a Heart Attack. During their last days they were residing in 172, Palliyawaththa, Handala. Their death was reported by a neighbor, P.K. Piyadasa. They were buried in "Manyokhena" Cemetery in Negombo.
Filmography
Songs
Thakkita Tharikita Udapana Natanna Hithuna (With Jemini Kanth)
Kolompure Shriya
References
External links
Eddie Jayamanne's Biography in Sinhala Cinema Database
1915 births
1981 deaths
Sri Lankan male film actors
20th-century Sri Lankan male actors
Sri Lankan Roman Catholics
Sinhalese singers
20th-century Sri Lankan male singers
Ceylonese Members of the Order of the British Empire
The 1967 Grambling Tigers football team represented Grambling College (now known as Grambling State University) as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1967 NCAA College Division football season. In its 25th season under head coach Eddie Robinson, Grambling compiled a 9–1 record (6–1 against conference opponents), won the SWAC championship, defeated in the Orange Blossom Classic, and outscored opponents by a total of 318 to 145. The team is recognized as the black college football national co-champion for 1967.
Schedule
References
Grambling
Grambling State Tigers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Grambling Tigers football
Baizieux () is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
Situated northeast of Amiens, on the D179 road.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
Communes of Somme (department)
General elections to the Cortes Generales were held in Spain in 1820. At stake were all 149 seats in the Congress of Deputies.
History
The 1813 elections were the first ones held since the approval of the 1812 Cádiz Constitution. Vote was secret for the first time. All males over 21 years old, a total of 3,216,460 people, had the right to vote.
Results
References
Estadísticas históricas de España: siglos XIX-XX.
Elections in Spain
1813 in Spain
1813
October 1813 events
1813 elections in Europe
The Istanbul Championship League was a soccer league that operated for just one year, 1914. Fenerbahçe S.K. won this league.
League table
1. Fenerbahçe
2. Türk İdman Ocağı
3. Darüşşafaka SK
4. Hilal
5. Darülmuallimin
Defunct football leagues in Turkey
1914 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Sport in Istanbul
1914 disestablishments in the Ottoman Empire
Robin Ganemyr (born 25 June 1983) is a retired Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.
References
External links
Eliteprospects profile
Robin Ganemyr at Fotbolltransfers
1983 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Swedish footballers
Allsvenskan players
Superettan players
IK Oddevold players
The De Baca County Courthouse, located on Ave. C in Fort Sumner, New Mexico within De Baca County, is a historic building built in 1930. It was designed by architects Kerr & Walsh and includes Colonial Revival and, more specifically, Georgian Revival architecture. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1987.
It is one of 14 New Mexico county courthouses that were reviewed for their historical significance in 1987; the county courthouse of Dona Ana County, was the first and only other Georgian Revival style county courthouse within the state.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in De Baca County, New Mexico
References
Courthouses in New Mexico
Government buildings completed in 1930
De Baca County, New Mexico
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Mexico
1930s architecture in the United States
Georgian Revival architecture in New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places in De Baca County, New Mexico
County courthouses in New Mexico
Ian Alexander Graham (born 1963) is a professor of Biochemical Genetics in the Centre for Novel Agricultural Products (CNAP) at the University of York.
Education
Graham was educated at Castlederg Secondary School and Omagh Academy. They studied Botany and Genetics at Queen's University Belfast where they were awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in 1986. They were awarded a PhD from the University of Edinburgh in 1989 for research investigating the structure and function of the malate synthase gene in cucumber supervised by Steven M. Smith and Chris J. Leaver.
Career and research
From 1990 to 1993 they were a postdoctoral researcher in the Department of Plant Sciences at the University of Oxford. They were appointed a lecturer in the division of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology at University of Glasgow from 1994 to 1999. During 1994, they were a SERC/NATO funded research scientist in Department of Plant Biology at Stanford University. They have been Chair of Biochemical Genetics at York since 1999.
Graham's interests include how plants make and breakdown various metabolites, how these processes are controlled and how they impact on plant growth. They have used biochemical genetics to dissect the main metabolic pathways controlling oil mobilisation in Arabidopsis seed and provided new insight into how a lipid based signal controls seed germination. They have used similar approaches to investigate the synthesis of bioactive compounds in two of the world's major medicinal plants. This has led to new understanding of how genome rearrangement has shaped the evolution of plant metabolism. The discovery of a 10 gene cluster responsible for the production of the anti-cancer compound noscapine in opium poppy provided the tools for molecular breeding of new commercial varieties. The discovery of a novel Cytochrome P450 – oxidoreductase gene fusion described the last unknown step in synthesis of morphine and codeine. Characterisation and genetic mapping of traits responsible for production of artemisinin in Artemisia annua has enabled development of F1 hybrid seed that can deliver a robust source of this vital antimalarial medication for the developing countries.
Awards and honours
Graham was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2016.
Additionally, Graham was elected as a member of the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) in 2016, and was awarded the Biochemical Society's Heatley Medal and Prize in 2017.
References
Living people
People educated at Omagh Academy
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of Queen's University Belfast
1963 births
People from Castlederg
Academics of the University of York
Johann Philipp Graumann (born in 1706 - died 22 April 1762 in Berlin) was a German business mathematician, an expert on exchange rates and coinage, mint master in Braunschweig-Wolfenbüttel and Berlin, a mercantilist, and Prussian financial advisor.  They are considered one of the most important German monetary theorists of their time. As master of the mints in Prussia, they implemented a major coin reform, with the goal of implementing a new monetary standard to promote trade, increase seigniorage income and elevate the Prussian coins to the status of a reserve currency. Graumann was portrayed by their contemporaries as a dreamer. With only a slight modification, their coin standard remained in place in Germany until 1907.
Life
Not much is known about Graumann's early life, but for many years their father was in the service of Augustus William, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg as Graumann states in their second publication dedicated to their brother Louis Rudolph, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg. Obviously, Graumann visited a gymnasium. At the beginning of their career, they were specializing in the arbitrage of exchange. Graumann was influenced by Christlieb von Clausberg, after Clausberg published their book Demonstrative Rechenkunst, Oder Wissenschaft, gründlich und kurz zu rechnen. Graumann claimed to be the inventor of the commercial chain rule, which they were not. Graumann lived in Hamburg (1730-1734) and in Amsterdam (1737-1740) and worked for the main Amsterdam merchant houses. According to Willem Kersseboom, a financial expert, they came from Electorate of Hanover and arrived in Amsterdam around 1720, which is hard to prove. They dedicated their fifth book to the Amsterdam burgomaster Daniel Hooft.
On 26 January 1742, they were appointed by Charles I, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel as Münzmeister. In Braunschweig, their task was to increase the income of the Treasury and the volume of trade. Graumann was assisted in their task by Martin Kröncke. During the Austrian War of Succession, a shortage of small coins existed all over Europe. In 1747, Graumann introduced a debased Albertustaler; they wanted to compete with the Dutch who used the Albertustaler to pay in the Baltic countries. In 1748/1749, they lived in Spain, working on their next book. In 1749, they published their groundbreaking Abdruck eines Schreibens, die Teutsche und anderer Völker Münzverfassung, insonderheit die hochfürstliche Braunschweigische Münze zu den Annehmlichkeiten betreffend, in which they described a plan to reform the mint and abandon the prevailing Leipzig standard for silver coins (= 12 thalers per Cologne fine mark). The book brought the activities of the Brunswick mint officials to the attention of the Prussian King Frederick II. Their ideas about gold, which was 4% overvalued, were accepted by the government in Brunswick and by Frederick, but not by Julius Melchior Strube, who wrote a reply for the government in Churhannover, c.q. George II of Great Britain.
Graumann currency reform
Until 1750, the Prussian minting industry was composed of semi-private enterprises run by mintmasters. Thereafter, mint directors in the service of the crown took over the management of Prussian mints.
In 1750, Prussia had two, even three coin standards, which was very disturbing for the administration and especially for the payment of the silver deliveries.
On 23 January 1750, Graumann was appointed as Frederick's confidential adviser on finance, military affairs, and royal possessions, as well as the Director-General of all mint facilities in Berlin, Breslau, Kleve, Aurich, Königsberg, Magdeburg and Stettin. Graumann had two main tasks: first, they were to secure the availability of coin silver for the Prussian monetary system; second, they were to eliminate the currency chaos of the Austrian War of Succession and rationalize the Prussian coinage. Prussia adopted a Prussian thaler containing of a Cologne mark of silver, rather than (as under the Leipzig standard), probably in the expectation that this realistic coin foot would prevail throughout the empire. This new standard was referred to as the Graumann coin standard. Graumann announced that they would be able to achieve high coin seignorage for the state and that Berlin would become the largest exchange center in Central and Northern Europe, taking away the banking and minting profits that were then accruing to the Dutch. In 1750, silver - for half a million thalers - was purchased in London, Amsterdam, and Frankfurt am Main for the mint facility of Berlin. By April 1751 there was enough new money for it to function as a circulating medium. The metal content of the new “Reichsthalers" was equal or close to their face value. All contracts, bonds and bills of exchange were to be made out only in new [Prussian] money, otherwise they were legally unenforceable. At the end of May 1751, the "Generalkassen", customs and post offices were ordered to make the payments as far as possible in new money.
In 1752, a new mint facility was built in the Münzstrasse (Spandauer Vorstadt), and Graumann increased the mint personnel tenfold, but they lacked silver to make this operation profitable. On 2 September, they arranged silver a contract with Veitel Heine Ephraim. In 1753, they introduced the nominal "Achtgutegroschen", which was cheaper by its 3% lowered "Münzfuß" in the production. Dissatisfied with Graumann's performance, Frederick decided to negotiate the silver supply contracts himself. In 1753 Graumann proposed a central bank, combining an exchange bank, a lending bank, and a note-issuing bank into one institution as a way of attracting additional silver to Prussia. This proposal ran into strong opposition from local, Breslau and Hamburg merchant-bankers and was not implemented. Because the profits of the mint facilities did not meet Frederick's goals, Graumann was dismissed early 1755, and not allowed to disseminate their knowledge. The mess created with massive amounts of coins (Scheidemünzen) was obvious; exchanging coins became an art.
Later life
After Graumann's fall, the lease of the Prussian mint at Königsberg was transferred to Moses Fränkel and Veitel Heine Ephraim. Their success in Königsberg was so great that under similar conditions they were given the lease of the mints of Aurich and Cleves. Moses Gumpertz, Moses Isaak and Daniel Itzig leased the mint in Berlin.
At the beginning of the Seven Years' War, the king's need for revenue rose sharply. Saxony was invaded by Prussia not least because of its wealthy silver mines near Freiberg. As the war continued Frederick agreed to reductions in the precious metal content of their coins in order to get as high a coinage as possible. In 1756 Ephraim became operator of the Leipzig mint facility; in 1757 also in Dresden and in 1758 of all the mint facilities in Saxony and Prussia together with Itzig. The Graumann coin standard was abandoned in 1758 in Saxony; at 1 January 1759 in Prussia. In April 1759, Graumann discussed with Ephraim the old and Mittelfriedrich d'or and the agio. Ephraim and Itzig produced millions of debased coins known as Ephraimiten. In Poland, no no coins were minted throughout the 18th century and consequently, it became an ideal dumping ground for the devalued coins. Frederick's debased coins were an inspiration to many other German principalities, who inflated their currencies as well. Rival mints in Harzgerode (1760) in Anhalt-Bernburg, Quedlinburg in Sachsen-Anhalt (1761), Schwerin in Mecklenburg-Schwerin (1761), Neustrelitz in Mecklenburg-Strelitz, (1762) and Rethwisch in the Duchy of Holstein (1762) were forcibly closed or acquired by Prussia, c.q. by Ephraim as undesired competition.
By 1760, the price of silver that had to be bought from the Wisselbank in Amsterdam rose from 19 to 28 and 34 Reichsthaler per Mark. From November 1761 most foreign "Kriegsgeld" was no longer accepted in Prussia and Saxony, only if it was melted. An exception was made for the coins minted in Anhalt-Bernburg, which were used to buy silver in Amsterdam and Hamburg.
In April 1762, the 56-year old Graumann died of a digestion disease. They were buried in Petrikirche (Berlin-Cölln). Their widow was Johanna Christina Hersin from Hessen, whom they had married in May 1750.
Legacy
Frederick never shied away from responsibility for Prussian inflation, which many historians have characterized as a form of state-sponsored counterfeiting. They saw it as the only means of procuring the cash needed for warfare without imposing too heavy a tax burden on their subjects. How many coins were actually minted and what the total income from this inflation was, is unknown. Documents exist only for the mint in Dresden from February 1758 to May 1759. According to Jan Greitens "Graumann and Justi were trapped in the situation of a divided Germany, in which many states had the right of coinage and devalued the coins to generate income."
After their dismissal by Frederick Graumann lived for the rest of their life in Palais am Festungsgraben (until World War II, the headquarters of the Prussian Finance Ministry). Some of their books were translated into French. Graumann corresponded with the Scottish mercantilist James Steuart (economist) and produced a number of essays on the relationship between gold and silver.
Graumann "Gesammelte Briefe" contains the best contemporary discussion of the coinage situation. Before the Seven Years' War silver was cheaper and gold more expensive in Germany than anywhere else, according to Graumann. They seemed to believe that if Prussia only minted as many coins as the Dutch Republic, then Prussia could also circulate coins at such a high value.  They are very precise in their descriptions but is lacking in some modern economic concepts. In Graumann's view there were two successful coin "exporters": France and the Dutch Republic. France because it was a large country and prohibited all foreign coin. The Netherlands because everyone traded coins and bills there, in part because of the system of receipts at the Wisselbank, but in part just because everyone agreed that Amsterdam was the place for such business.
"In the long run, Graumann's export of money without the export of goods was inadequate to control the rate of exchange."
On 1 December 1763 Graumann's successor became Martin Kröncke, former mintmaster in Breslau. The Graumann coin standard was reintroduced and widespread in all northern and central Germany. Frederick II signed the ruling on March 29, 1764, which came into force on 1 June. Graumann's ideas formed the basis for the introduction of a uniform German coinage system in the 19th century.
Works
Abdruck von einem Schreiben, die Deutsche und anderer Völcker Münz-Verfassung und insonderheit die Hoch-Fürstl, Braunschweigische Münze betreffend (Reprint of a letter, the German and Other Peoples Coin Constitution and in particular the High Prince, concerning the Brunswick Mint), 1749 (in German)
Herrn Johann Philip Graumanns Gesammlete Briefe (Johann Philip Graumann's Collected Letters), 1762 (in German),
Sources
Friedrich von Schrötter: Das Preußische Münzwesen im 18. Jahrhundert. Parey, Berlin 1908. (Archive)
Studies in the Economic Policy of Frederick the Great by W.O. Henderson, p. 40
Die Graumann'sche Münzreform (1750-1755)
"Graumann, Johann Philipp" by Karl Theodor von Inama-Stargg in Allgemeine Deutsche Biographie, Volume 9 (1879), pp. 605–606
Denkwürdigkeiten aus dem Leben ausgezeichneter Teutschen des achtzehnten Jahrhunderts (1802) von Christian Gotthilf Salzmann
A Manual of Gold and Silver Coins of All Nations Struck Within the Past ... by Jacob Eckfeldt
Hans-Jürgen Gerhard (2009) "Ein Adler fängt keine Mücken!" Eine Währungsreform mit Weitblick und Langzeitwirkung. Johann Philip Grauman als Gernaralmünzdirektor Friedrichs des Großen. In: Wirtschafstlenkende Montanverwaltung - Fürstlicher Unternehmer - Merkantilismus. Matthiesen Verlag 2009
References
1706 births
1762 deaths
People from Royal Prussia
18th-century economists
18th-century German writers
18th-century German male writers
German economists
The Anti-Seismic Monument or Tangshan Earthquake Monument is located in the eastern part of the center square in Tangshan City, and the Tangshan Earthquake Memorial Hall museum is on the western part of the square. The Monument Square measures 320 m long from east to west and 170 m wide from south to north, covering an area of 5.4 hectares. It is a monument to the city's dauntless spirit.
Description
The Anti-Seismic Monument is composed of main monument and a secondary monument. The main monument tells the heroic stories of earthquake relief. The secondary monument describes the history of the Tangshan earthquake in the form of ruins. The monument's pedestal is 3 m high and the body is 30 m high.
The body is composed by four trapezoidal pillars. The pillars symbolize the buildings which collapsed during the earthquake and the new architecture which soars above the horizon. The top of the pillars resembles four huge hands reaching the sky and symbolizing that "Mankind Can Conquer Nature." The four sides of monument's body include eight engravings which symbolize the support Tangshan received from other parts of China. The monument body is reinforced concrete, and the surface is granite. In the center is a frontispiece with the words "Tangshan Earthquake Monument," written by Hu Yaobang.
References
External links
Monuments and memorials in China
Buildings and structures in Tangshan
Chettathi is a 1965 Malayalam language film. The film was directed by S. R. Puttanna Kanagal, starring Ambika, Prem Nazir, Sathyan and Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair in the lead roles. Music of this film was done by M. S. Baburaj. It tells the story of a young widow. The core plot of the movie is partially inspired by Triveni's Kannada novel Hannele Chiguridaga.
Plot
Premachandran.(Sathyan) is the elder son of Master.(Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair). Nirmala (Ambika) is their fiancée. Premachandran, who is working in a factory at Coimbatore comes home after a long time for their marriage. Prabhakaran (Prem Nazir) is Premachandran's younger brother who is in love with Vasanthy. After marriage, Premachandran returns to work, leaving Nirmala at their home. Nirmala takes good care of their father-in-law and brother-in-law and gains their love. Meanwhile, Premachandran meets with an accident at work and dies. This shocks the whole family. Gopi, Prabhakarans's colleague who is a womanizer develops a love interest towards Nirmala and proposes to them But they decline. Prabhakaran's love and respect towards Nirmala is misunderstood by their father. Nirmala, with a broken heart, leaves home and joins their sister Susheela and husband Viswanathan. Prabhakaran, who refused to marry, gets married at the request of Nirmala. Prabhakaran gets uneasy with their wife's lazy attitude and they begin to complain, comparing each and everything with Nirmala. This creates a problem in their marriage life. Viswanathan approaches Nirmala with the wrong intention, but fails. They tell Susheela that Nirmala tried to entice him. Susheela asks Nirmala to leave the house. They come back to their husband's home. There they overhear the fight between Prabhakaran and Vasanthy. Knowing that their presence creates problems with everyone's life, they leaf home. Master and Prabhakaran follow her, but they find Nirmala in a disturbed mental state. Soon Nirmala dies.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Prabhakaran
Sathyan as Premachandran
Ambika Sukumaran as Nirmala
Sukumari as Bharathi
Adoor Bhasi as Bharghavan
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Master
Kottayam Chellappan as Viswanathan
T. K. Balachandran as Gopi
Ushakumari as Susheela
Chithra as Vasanthy
Prathapachandran as Gopi's Friend
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by M. S. Baburaj
Films directed by Puttanna Kanagal
Commodore Josiah Tattnall (November 9, 1795 – June 14, 1871) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812, the Second Barbary War and the Mexican–American War. They later served in the Confederate Navy during the American Civil War.
Schooling and War of 1812
Josiah was the son of Josiah Tattnall, who was Governor and U.S. Senator from Georgia. They were born on their father's Bonaventure Plantation, near Savannah, Georgia. After studying in England, they were appointed a midshipman on January 1, 1812, and attended the Naval academy at Washington, D.C., until 1 August when they were assigned to the frigate Constellation.
When their ship tried to slip out to sea, the strong British squadron operating in the Chesapeake Bay forced them to put into Norfolk, Virginia. Constellation remained bottled up in Hampton Roads for the duration of the War of 1812, but Tattnall and their comrades still managed to get into the fray. They were among the 100 or so sailors and marines assigned to the shore battery on Craney Island. On June 22, 1813, the British attempted to carry the island by storm in preparation for an attack on nearby Norfolk. Tattnall's battery and a force of American boats gave the attackers a sound rebuff that deterred the British from further attempts to take the city.
In April 1814, Midshipman Tattnall was detached from Constellation and, by August 24, was in command of a force of employees from the Washington Navy Yard. They led them into the Battle of Bladensburg in an unsuccessful effort to stop the British advance on the American capital. On October 14, they were ordered to Savannah for duty on Epervier. In May 1815, that sloop sailed for the Mediterranean with Commodore Stephen Decatur's squadron to engage the Barbary Pirates in Algiers in the Second Barbary War. On June 17, they participated in the capture of the frigate Mashouda and, two days later, of the brig Estedio. In July, when Epervier was ordered back to the United States with dispatches, Tattnall remained in the Mediterranean in Constellation. In January 1817, they transferred to Ontario and returned in them to the United States.
Interwar years, 1818–1845
Promoted to lieutenant on April 1, 1818, Tattnall was assigned to the frigate Macedonian on June 30, and they sailed in them for the Pacific in November. They were detached from Macedonian on August 30, 1820, and returned to the United States. Ordered to Norfolk on December 26, 1822, they joined Commodore David Porter's squadron in schooner Jackall. Lieutenant Tattnall served in the West Indies on an expedition to suppress piracy until they were detached on May 4, 1823. On June 23, 1824, Tattnall was ordered to Constitution for Mediterranean service. In March 1826, they transferred to Brandywine and returned home in them in May. On the 15th of that month, they were granted six months leave, which was later extended into 1828.
Tattnall served in Erie from October 1828 to August 1829 and then went on to survey the Tortugas until March 1830. Lt. Tattnall took command of schooner Grampus on April 15, 1831, and cruised the West Indies and the Gulf of Mexico. In August 1832, they captured the Mexican schooner, Montezuma, which had boarded and robbed an American ship on the high seas. They were detached from Grampus in September 1832 and went on leave awaiting orders for almost four years before being ordered in, July 1836, to recruit men for Captain Thomas ap Catesby Jones' survey and exploration expedition.
Tattnall was promoted to commander on February 25, 1836, and, in April, reported for a three-year tour of duty at the Boston Navy Yard.
Mexican–American War
Following service with the Mediterranean and African squadrons, Commander Tattnall joined the Mosquito Division in the Gulf of Mexico in 1846, commanding the steam gunboat, Spitfire. During the Mexican–American War, they took part in the attacks on Vera Cruz, San Juan d'Ulloa, and Tuxpan, and they suffered an arm wound. For their gallantry before Vera Cruz, the state of Georgia presented them with a sword.
Interwar years, 1848–1860
In 1848 and 1849, they returned to shore duty at the Boston Navy Yard. On February 5, 1850, they were commissioned captain and, the following month, was given command of Saranac. Next, they commanded the Pensacola Navy Yard from July 1851 to June 1854. From August 1854 to November 1855, Captain Tattnall was flag captain in Independence to Commodore William Mervine with the Pacific Squadron. At Hong Kong on January 29, 1858, they relieved Commodore James Armstrong taking command of the East India Squadron, breaking their flag in San Jacinto. During their two years in the Far East, Commodore Tattnall violated American neutrality while commanding the chartered steamer Toey-Wan, when they came to the assistance of a British and French squadron under fire from the Taku Forts at the mouth of the Pei Ho or Hai River. Their explanation of their action, "blood is thicker than water", subsequently became a famous slogan.
On their return voyage early in 1860, Tattnall commanded the Powhatan, carrying the first diplomatic embassy from Tokugawa Japan to the United States. While stopped at Honolulu, Hawaii along the way, the British residents of that city wrote a letter thanking Tattnall for their "gallant and humane conduct" during the "unfortunate affair at the Pei-ho River". The embassy was safely conveyed to San Francisco and then Panama, where they crossed the isthmus and continued on to Washington, D.C.
American Civil War
At the outbreak of the Civil War, Capt. Tattnall held command of the Sackett's Harbor Station. Though they opposed secession, Tattnall resigned their commission on February 21, 1861. A week later, Governor Joseph E. Brown commissioned Tattnall as the senior flag officer of the Navy of Georgia. On March 26, 1861, they received their commission as a captain in the Confederate Navy. Tattnall commanded Southern naval units during the defense of Port Royal until the harbor was captured by Union forces on 7 November 1861. From there, they moved to overall command of the defense of Virginia's waters early in March 1862. Tattnall, by then a flag officer in the Confederate Navy as well as the Navy of Georgia, directed CSS Jamestown and other warships in captures of Federal merchantmen off Sewell's Point in April 1862.
On May 11, 1862, in the face of advancing Federal forces, Flag Officer Tattnall ordered the destruction of their flagship, CSS Virginia (ex-Merrimack). They were later acquitted by a court martial of all charges stemming from that action. They resumed command of the naval forces of Georgia on May 29, 1862, and retained it until 31 March 1863, when they turned over command of forces afloat to Comdr. Richard L. Page and concentrated upon the shore defenses of Savannah. When Savannah fell to General William Tecumseh Sherman's troops, Tattnall became a prisoner of war.
They were paroled on May 9, 1865, and, soon thereafter, took up residence once more in Savannah.
Death
Tattnall died in Savannah on June 14, 1871, and was buried in Bonaventure Cemetery.  They are buried in the Tattnall family plot (section E, lot 1), beside their wife.
Namesakes
Two ships, USS Tattnall, have been named for him.
See also
Siege of Fort Pulaski
References
External links
1794 births
1871 deaths
American Civil War prisoners of war
United States Navy personnel of the War of 1812
Confederate States Navy captains
Military personnel from Savannah, Georgia
People of Georgia (U.S. state) in the American Civil War
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
American military personnel of the Second Barbary War
People of the Second Opium War
Pleasant Point, is a community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Located about 45 minutes from the city of Dartmouth, the community offers picturesque vistas of ocean and forests. Jutting out into the Atlantic,
at the end of a deep fiord with numerous drumlins created by the last Ice Age, Pleasant Point lies on Kent Island. The local weather is moderated by the ocean, with it being generally milder in winter and cooler in the summer than most inland areas. Many forms of wildlife inhabit the area with pheasants, foxes, coyotes and bald eagles being very common. The French Point Lighthouse is one of the two Musquodoboit Harbour Range Lights found at Pleasant Point. This old lighthouse stands at the end of the Kent Road. The lighthouse, though not in use, is one of three lighthouses that remain standing on the entire Eastern shore, the only one in Halifax Regional Municipality accessible by land. No public access to the lighthouse is permitted. The lighthouse was used for years for navigational purposes to ensure the safety of fishermen and other vessels entering Musquodoboit Harbour. It is on private land - Kent Island, although the actual "footprint" where the lighthouse stands is owned by the Federal Government. Only a handful of residences can be found in Pleasant Point and the population is less than 100 people. Notorious Canadian art thief John Tillmann was a year-round resident of Pleasant Point.
The memoirs of Robert Kent of Kent's Island (now Pleasant Point) Halifax County, Nova Scotia was published in 1954 by the Nova Scotia Historical Society. It describes their life as a pioneer in the area from 1813 to 1840 and was narrated to their daughter-in-law, Mrs. Joseph Kent prior to their death in 1892.
Navigator
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Yukarıkırlı is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Yen Chow Street () is a main street in Sham Shui Po of New Kowloon in Hong Kong. The street runs from hill side towards the shore. It spans from Castle Peak Road to Sham Mong Road. Its extension Yen Chow Street West () spans further to the reclamation shore.
Name
The street was named after Yen Chow, a coastal city in western Guangdong in China at that time. The city was currently under the administration of Guangxi.
Yen Chow Street
Yen Chow Street () crosses many main streets like Castle Peak Road, Cheung Sha Wan Road and Lai Chi Kok Road. Featured landmarks and attractions in the area could be found on both side of the street. Golden Computer Centre, Sham Shui Po Police Station, Dragon Centre, the Yen Chow Street Hawker Bazaar, and Apliu Street are some of the examples.
Yen Chow Street West
Yen Chow Street West () is a street extension on West Kowloon Reclamation. The interchange station of West Rail line Nam Cheong station and MTR Nam Cheong station is located near its junction with Sham Mong Road and Nam Cheong Park on the other side. Near the end of the street is Cheung Sha Wan Wholesale Fish Market.
See also
List of streets and roads in Hong Kong
Sham Shui Po
Roads in Hong Kong
National Weather Service Des Moines, currently based in Johnston, Iowa, is a weather forecast office serving the greater Des Moines, Iowa region as part of the National Weather Service.
References
External links
NWS Des Moines Main Page
NOAA Weather Radio Coverage Maps
Des Moines
NOAA Weather Radio
Des Moines, Iowa
The 2020–21 ASUN Conference men's basketball season began with practices in October 2020, followed by the start of the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2021 and concluded in March 2021. It was the 43rd season of ASUN Conference basketball. This season was also the first ASUN season for Bellarmine, which started a transition from NCAA Division II when it joined the ASUN on July 1, 2020.
Preseason awards
Preseason awards were announced by the league office on November 5, 2020.
Preseason men's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
Lipscomb (5) 74
Liberty (2) 66
Stetson (1) 64
North Florida (1) 56
FGCU 45
North Alabama 40
Jacksonville 29
Bellarmine 18
Kennesaw State 13
Preseason men's basketball media poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
Lipscomb (16) 256
Liberty (10) 245
Stetson (4) 202
North Florida (2) 192
FGCU 156
North Alabama 146
Jacksonville 108
Kennesaw State 68
Bellarmine 62
Honors
Preseason Player of the Year: Ahsan Asadullah, Lipscomb
Preseason Defensive Player of the Year: Elijah Cuffee, Liberty
Fan-Voted Preseason Player of the Year: Caleb Catto, FGCU
Fan-Voted Preseason Defensive Player of the Year: Alex Peterson, Kennesaw State
Conference matrix
All-ASUN awards
ASUN weekly awards
End-of-season awards
Source
References
Xenopipo is a genus of bird in the family Pipridae.
Etymology
Xenopipo: xenos “stranger”; New “manakin”.
Species
It contains the following species:
Black manakin (Xenopipo atronitens)
Olive manakin (Xenopipo uniformis)
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Panneerselvam Iniyan (born 13 September 2002) is an Indian chess professional player.  They are India's 61st player to be awarded the title of Grandmaster by FIDE.
They achieved the first GM norm in June 2017 at the "Ciutat de Montcada" open, the second in February 2018 at the Böblingen open, the third in July 2018 at the Barberà del Vallès open.
Other results were a 4th place at the Andorra open in 2017; 2nd after Richard Rapport in the Coppa Vergani at Villorba (Italy) in January 2018.
In April 2019, they placed equal 1st-8th at the Dubai Open with 7/9 (Maxim Matlakov won the event on tiebreak).
In July 2019, they won the Commonwealth Championship U18 at New Delhi with 7/7; in the same month, they were second at the Thailand Chess Festival of Pattaya.
References
External links
P. Iniyan player profile and games at 365Chess.com
Indian chess players
Chess grandmasters
2002 births
Living people
Philipp Mohammed Kotoku Lartey (born 4 December 1986) is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Born in Düsseldorf, Lartey began their career with Garather SV, and VfL Leverkusen.
In summer 2001, they were scouted by Bayer 04 Leverkusen. After four years on youth side for Bayer 04, they were promoted to the second team that played in the Regionalliga Nord. They left after three semi-professional years as reserve of Bayer 04 and signed a contract with Holstein Kiel in summer 2008.
The team climbed to the 3. Liga in the 2008–09 season. They became the Player of the Year 2009 in Schleswig-Holstein Award. After this successful season, they left Holstein Kiel on 12 June 2009 and signed with Rot Weiss Ahlen. After one year and the relegation of Rot-Weiss Ahlen, they signed on 10 June 2010 to FC Hansa Rostock on a one-year contract.
Personal life
Lartey holds both a Ghanaian passport and a German passport.
Honours
2009: Player of the Year in Schleswig-Holstein
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
German sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
German footballers
Footballers from Düsseldorf
Association football midfielders
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Bayer 04 Leverkusen II players
Holstein Kiel players
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
FC Hansa Rostock players
Team Canada was a professional wrestling stable, active in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) in 2000 and 2001. The team was composed of Canadian and American wrestlers who portrayed the character of people who believed that Canada was superior to the United States of America.
History
Team Canada came into existence in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada at New Blood Rising on August 13, 2000, where the Canadian Lance Storm was defending the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship in a match with Mike Awesome. The match was refereed by the Canadian Jacques Rougeau, who enabled Storm to defeat Awesome and retain their title by constantly changing the rules. Following the match, the semi-retired Canadian wrestler Bret Hart came to the ring and hugged Storm and Rougeau.
On the August 14, 2000 episode of WCW Monday Nitro in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada, Storm was forced to face Awesome in another title defense. They managed to defeat Awesome following interference from Rougeau, Carl Ouellet (also a Canadian) and Elix Skipper (who was billed as being a former Canadian Football League player). Following the match, Storm announced that the four were to be collectively known as Team Canada.
At the time, Storm held three championships - the WCW United States Heavyweight Championship, the WCW Cruiserweight Championship and the WCW Hardcore Championship. Storm had renamed the championships the "Canadian Heavyweight Championship", "100 Kilos and Under Championship", and "Saskatchewan Hardcore International Title", respectively, placing large stickers featuring the Canadian flag on each title belt. Storm then gave the 100 Kilos and Under Championship to Skipper and the Saskatchewan Hardcore International Title to Oulette to reward them for assisting them in their match with Mike Awesome earlier that evening. Oulette lost their title to Norman Smiley later that night, while Skipper retained their title until October 2, 2000, when they lost to Mike Sanders. Storm continued to defend the Canadian Heavyweight Championship himself. Rougeau and Oulette left WCW soon thereafter, reducing the stable to Storm and Skipper.
Team Canada quickly began a feud with the face Misfits In Action stable, with Storm and General Hugh G. Rection, the leader of the Misfits, trading the Canadian Heavyweight Championship (which Rection renamed the "WCW United States Heavyweight Championship" as soon as they won it). Storm was assisted in a title defence on September 17, 2000 at Fall Brawl 2000 when the guest referee of a title match between Storm and Rection, the patriotic American Jim Duggan, turned heel by helping Storm defeat Rection, thus joining Team Canada. Rection eventually won the title on October 29, 2000 by defeating Storm and Duggan in a handicap match. Storm, however, would win the title for a third time on November 13, 2000 when the American Major Gunns defected from the Misfits and joined Team Canada by throwing a towel in on behalf of Rection, costing them a title defence against Storm.
Team Canada feuded with The Filthy Animals throughout late 2000. On January 3, 2001, the American Mike Awesome joined Team Canada (Awesome was part of the original Team Canada stable in FMW), in the process evicting Duggan from the stable. After Skipper and Gunns also left the stable, Storm and Awesome began challenging for the WCW World Tag Team Championship. On the final episode of WCW Monday Nitro on March 26, 2001, Chuck Palumbo and Sean O'Haire defeated Storm and Awesome to retain the WCW World Tag Team Championship. The stable disbanded immediately thereafter as WCW was purchased by the World Wrestling Federation (although Storm and Awesome continued to team upon joining the WWF).
Members
Championships
World Championship Wrestling
WCW Hardcore Championship (2 times) – Lance Storm (1 time), Carl Oulette (1 time)
WCW United States Heavyweight Championship (3 times) – Lance Storm
WCW Cruiserweight Championship (2 times) – Lance Storm (1 time), Elix Skipper (1 time)
See also
The Amazing French Canadians
The Hart Foundation
The Un-Americans
Notes
1 For one night, on August 13, 2000, at New Blood Rising.
References
External links
The official website of Lance Storm
Solie's title histories
World Championship Wrestling teams and stables
Canadian nationalism
Bret Hart
Stachys hyssopifolia, commonly known as hyssop-leaf hedge-nettle, rough hedge-nettle hyssop-leaved hedgenettle, and hyssop hedge-nettle is a species of flowering plant in the mint family (Lamiaceae).
Conservation status in the United States
It is listed as endangered in Connecticut, and in Florida. It is also listed as threatened in New York (state) and Rhode Island and as extirpated in Pennsylvania. It is listed on the watch list of MESA, protected under the Massachusetts Endangered Species Act (M.G.L. c. 131A).
References
hyssopifolia
Urayuli, or "Hairy Men", are a mythical race of creatures that live in the woodland areas of southwestern Alaska. Stories of the Urayuli describe them as standing 10 feet tall with long shaggy fur and luminescent eyes. They are said to emit a high-pitched cry, resembling that of a loon. Their long, lanky arms have been described as reaching down to their ankles.
Rumored to live in the forests near the area of Lake Iliamna, the Urayuli are said to be peaceful creatures, unlike the Kushtaka of Southeastern Alaska.
It is said the Urayuli are transformed children who become lost in the woods at night. It is possible that this tale was started to keep children indoors at night.
References
Legendary creatures of the indigenous peoples of North America
Vishnu Vardhan (born 27 July 1987), also known as J. Vishnuvardhan, is a professional tennis player from India. They won bronze medal in men's doubles at 2010 Asian games in Guangzhou, China. They paired-up with and Sania Mirza for mixed doubles and won silver medal at the same event. They were featured as ITF player of April 2011. They won the national singles title for the fourth time by winning the Men's final of Fenesta Open tennis Championship on October 8, 2016
Personal life
Vishnuvardhan's father Mr Jagadeesan is a business person. They started playing at the age of 9 and was greatly inspired by Leander Paes. They did their schooling from DAV Safilguda Hyderabad.
Career
Vishnuvardhan was considered a promising prospect for Indian tennis, representing the next generation of the sport in the country and succeeding Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi. They have represented India in the Davis Cup and was part of the team that defeated Uzbekistan and Philippines en route to qualifying for the World Group.
Vishnuvardhan began to show glimpses of their talent right from a young age, performing well on the junior circuit. The year 2003 proved to be their defining year on the junior circuit with Vishnuvardhan winning the Junior Nationals, and earning themselves a place in the Indian Junior Davis Cup team. This success on the junior circuit translated itself into glory in Inter-University tournaments as well, with Vishnuvardhan capturing the gold medal in successive tournaments as the team captain.
Vishnuvardhan has won the Grass Court Nationals and achieving a career-high national ranking of two.
J.Vishnuvardhan won this first futures tournament on 11 July.
In 2012, Vishnu won the Zuari Garden City-ITF against Sriram Balaji 7–6(7), 6–3.
Vishnu won the Toyota Bangalore Open ITF in June 2012 by defeating Ti-Chen of Chinese Taipei 6–2, 4–6, 6–1.
Vishnu participated in the 2012 London Olympics in the Men's Doubles category partnering Leander Paes. Vishnu and partner Leander Paes crashed out of the Olympic doubles after a 7–6 (7/3), 4–6, 6–3 defeat against French Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Michaël Llodra. Vishnu won the national singles title for the fourth time by winning the Men's final of Fenesta Open tennis Championship on October 8, 2016 by defeating left-hander Siddharth Vishwakarma from Varanasi 6-3, 6-4. For the year of 2018, Vishnu is focusing on doubles by partnering with Sriram Balaji with a goal of playing at the Wimbledon.
Challenger and Futures finals
Singles: 24 (10–14)
Doubles: 69 (41–28)
See also
Tennis at the 2010 Asian Games
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Indian male tennis players
Racket sportspeople from Hyderabad, India
Tennis players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic tennis players of India
Tennis players at the 2010 Asian Games
People from Secunderabad
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
South Asian Games gold medalists for India
South Asian Games medalists in tennis
Trinity Christian School is a private Christian school founded in 1981. The campus is located at Trinity Church in Cedar Hill, Texas and is affiliated with Trinity Ministries.
Trinity School educates students from pre-school and K5 – 12th grade students, and is considered a College Preparatory School.
Locally the school is referred to as Trinity Christian School-Cedar Hill (or TCS) to distinguish it from Trinity Christian-Addison.
History
Founded in 1981, Trinity Christian School is one of the oldest and largest Christian schools in southern Dallas County. TCS was founded by the Trinity Church Board of Trustees. The school is a non-profit organization governed by a board of trustees from Trinity Church of the Assemblies of God.
Student life
AP and Honors classes include English, Science, Math, and History. Clubs and groups for students include an elected Student Council, Yearbook, Worship Band, Jazz Band, Handbells, a student-run newspaper, chapel, prayer groups, National Honor Society, chess club, and machine club.
Sports
Varsity athletics events in which the school participates include US Basketball, US Coed Soccer, US Football, US Baseball, Track and Field, Tennis, Golf, Cheerleading, Volleyball, and Softball.
Trinity has teams of soccer, basketball, baseball, football, track and field, volleyball, golf, tennis, cheerleading, softball, wrestling, and competitive weightlifting. Trinity competes in the TAPPS (TAPPS) and has won numerous honors, including:
Varsity boys football: State Champion (1991, 1993, 1994, 2014, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020), State finalist (2005, 2006, 2008, 2015) Known as the Back to Back State Champs
Varsity boys basketball: State Champion (2008, 2015, 2016), State Finalist (2007) 2018 State Runner-Up
Varsity girls basketball: State Champion (2019)
Varsity boys track & field: State Champion (2006, 2016, 2017, 2018), State runner-up (2007)
Varsity girls track & field: State runner-up (2017)
Varsity boys golf: Two State Finalists in 2006 (Chandler Gadis)(Nick Storbachen)
Memberships
Formerly member of TAPPS - Texas Association of Private & Parochial Schools. December 2019, membership terminated from TAPPS after handful of alleged violations, including use of controlled substance after football state championship.
Academics
Trinity's academic program gives detailed courses on the Bible (Old Testament and New Testament).
Traditions
Traditions include an annual homecoming game in which each class's float has a parade and other fun activities, "Senior Night", school-wide retreats, a senior missions trip to a foreign country, a "spiritual emphasis" week where there is a week of encounter with God, and after spiritual emphasis there are plunge parties where the students who had an encounter with God are baptized.
References
External links
Trinity Christian School Homepage
Trinity Football Homepage
TAPPS Homepage
Trinity Ministries
1981 establishments in Texas
Christian schools in Texas
Educational institutions established in 1981
Private K-12 schools in Dallas County, Texas
The 1972 Mississippi State Bulldogs football team represented Mississippi State University during the 1972 NCAA University Division football season. After the season, head coach Charles Shira, who had compiled a 16–45–2 record over six seasons, stepped down and focused solely on athletic director duties.
Schedule
References
Mississippi State
Mississippi State Bulldogs football seasons
Mississippi State Bulldogs football
Franz Kellinger (1 December 1905 – 14 June 1941) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1929.
Personal life
Kellinger served as a Soldat (private) in the German Army during the Second World War and died on active service on 14 June 1941.  They are buried in Iași, Romania.
References
External links
1905 births
1941 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Footballers from Vienna
German Army soldiers of World War II
Austrian military personnel killed in World War II
Burials in Romania
A blog is a website where entries are written in chronological order and commonly displayed in reverse chronological order.
Blog may also refer to:
Blog 27, a Polish musical group fronted by Tola Szlagowska
BladeLogic, formerly the NYSE symbol for the software company acquired by BMC Software
.blog, a proposed generic top-level domain intended for use by blogs
See also
Vlog, a form of blogging for which the medium is video
Moblog, a method of publishing to a website or blog from a mobile phone
Krstac is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 522 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
John B. Goulandris () (1930 - 2016) was a Greek shipowner.
John B. Goulandris was the eldest of five brothers, George, twins Nicholas "Nikos" and Vassilis "Basil" Goulandris, and Constantine.
In 2009, they were living in London and the Sunday Times Rich List estimated their net worth at £200 million.
They were the vice–chairperson of the Union of Greek Shipowners.
They were married to Maria Lemos. Their daughter, Chryss Goulandris is married to the Irish billionaire Sir Tony O'Reilly.
They died in 2016, and was buried in Andros.
References
2016 deaths
John
Greek businesspeople in shipping
1930 births
Ten Tonnes is the debut studio album by British singer/songwriter Ten Tonnes. It was released on 3 May 2019 via Warner Records.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Charts
References
2019 debut albums
Ten Tonnes albums
Warner Records albums
Peter Michael Jory (, ; born 4 February 1974) is a British sport shooter from the island of Guernsey.
Biography
Early life
Born and raised in Guernsey, Jory attended Elizabeth College. At the school, Jory shot with the combined cadet force at the schools' meeting at Bisley. Jory was a member of the British Cadet Rifle Team for their tour to Canada in 1992. They later graduated from the University of Southampton with a degree in Engineering.
Shooting career
Jory is among the most capped Guernsey shooters at the NRA Imperial Meeting. In 2001, Jory set the record individual score in the Mackinnon international long-range match, scoring 100.17v (ex 100.20v), though this was later broken by Glyn Barnett in 2019, who scored 100.19v.
Jory won two silver medals at the 2003 Island Games in both the individual and pairs fullbore rifle shooting events.
Jory represented Guernsey at the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 editions of the Commonwealth Games, entering both fullbore rifle events, namely the Queen's prize pairs and the Queen's prize individual competitions. Their best results came in 2002 where they finished 7th in the fullbore singles event and 4th in the fullbore pairs event alongside Nick Mace. They finished 4th again in the pairs event in 2010, this time shooting alongside their brother, Adam Jory.
In 2020, Jory was appointed as shooting coach at their alma mater, Elizabeth College.
Motorsport
A popular figure in motorsport in Guernsey, Jory suffered a fractured vertebra following a crash while co-driving in the Guernsey Rally in March 2020, though they were not expected to suffer any lasting damage from the incident.
Statistics
International competitions
References
1974 births
Living people
Shooters at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
British male sport shooters
People educated at Elizabeth College, Guernsey
Commonwealth Games competitors for Guernsey
Extraction in chemistry is a separation process consisting of the separation of a substance from a matrix. Common examples include liquid-liquid extraction, and solid phase extraction. The distribution of a solute between two phases is an equilibrium condition described by partition theory. This is based on exactly how the analyte moves from the initial solvent into the extracting solvent. The term washing may also be used to refer to an extraction in which impurities are extracted from the solvent containing the desired compound.
Types of extraction
Liquid–liquid extraction
Solid-phase extraction
Acid-base extraction
Supercritical fluid extraction
Ultrasound-assisted extraction
Heat reflux extraction
Mechanochemical-assisted extraction
Maceration
Microwave-assisted extraction
Instant controlled pressure drop extraction (DIC, from the French, Détente instantanée contrôlée)
Perstraction
Laboratory applications and examples
Liquid-liquid extractions in the laboratory usually make use of a separatory funnel, where two immiscible phases are combined to separate a solute from one phase into the other, according to the relative solubility in each of the phases. Typically, this will be to extract organic compounds out of an aqueous phase and into an organic phase, but may also include extracting water-soluble impurities from an organic phase into an aqueous phase.
Common extractants may be arranged in increasing order of polarity according to the Hildebrand solubility parameter:
ethyl acetate < acetone < ethanol < methanol < acetone:water (7:3) < ethanol:water (8:2) < methanol:water (8:2) < water
Solid-liquid extractions at laboratory scales can use Soxhlet extractors. A solid sample containing the desired compound along with impurities is placed in the thimble. An extracting solvent is chosen in which the impurities are insoluble and the desired compound has at least limited solubility. The solvent is refluxed and condensed solvent falls into the thimble and dissolves the desired compound which then passes back through the filter into the flask. After extraction is complete the solvent can be removed and the desired product collected.
Everyday applications and examples
Boiling tea leaves in water extracts the tannins, theobromine, and caffeine out of the leaves and into the water, as an example of a solid-liquid extraction.
Decaffeination of tea and coffee is also an example of an extraction, where the caffeine molecules are removed from the tea leaves or coffee beans, often utilising supercritical fluid extraction with CO2 or standard solid-liquid extraction techniques.
Further reading
Gunt Hamburg, 2014, Thermal Process Engineering: Liquid-liquid extraction and solid-liquid extraction, see , accessed 12 May 2014.
G.W. Stevens, T.C., Lo, & M. H. I. Baird, 2007, "Extraction, Liquid-Liquid", in Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, , accessed 12 May 2014.
T. Voeste, K. Weber, B. Hiskey & G. Brunner, 2006, "Liquid–Solid Extraction", in Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, , accessed 12 May 2014.
R. J. Wakeman, 2000, "Extraction, Liquid-Solid", in Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology, , accessed 12 May 2014.
M.J.M. Wells, 2000, "Essential guides to method development in solid-phase extraction," in Encyclopedia of Separation Science, Vol. 10 (I.D. Wilson, E.R. Adlard, M. Cooke, and C.F. Poole, eds.), London:Academic Press, London, 2000, pp. 4636–4643.
Colin Poole & Michael Cooke, 2000, Extraction, in Encyclopedia of Separation Science, 10 Vols., , accessed 12 May 2014.
See also
Sample preparation (analytical chemistry)
Solvent
Solvent impregnated resins
Thin Layer Extraction
Leaching (Chemistry)
References
Further reading
External links
Analytical chemistry
Tsemo Castle (also known as Namgyal Tsemo or Leh Fort complex) is an important religious and historical point in Leh, Ladakh, India. It is located at a walking distance from the Leh Palace. The defensive structure is maintained by Archaeological Survey of India. It is located at the highest point in Leh.
History
The castle is believed to have been built during the time of Tashi Namgyal (1555-1575).
References
Buildings and structures in Ladakh
The Black Hills Gold was an American professional basketball club based in Rapid City, South Dakota that competed in the International Basketball Association for a single season (1999-2000). The team followed two previous Rapid City IBA teams, the Black Hills Posse, which played from 1995 through 1998, and the Rapid City Thrillers, which played in the 1998-1999 season. In 2000 the team moved to Mitchell, South Dakota and played for one season as the South Dakota Gold, then folded.
External links
Defunct basketball teams in the United States
Basketball teams in South Dakota
Defunct sports teams in South Dakota
Basketball teams established in 1999
Basketball teams disestablished in 2000
1999 establishments in South Dakota
2000 disestablishments in South Dakota
This is a list of past and present rolling stock owned and operated by Croatian Railways, consisting of diesel locomotives, electric locomotives, diesel multiple units, electric multiple units and railroad cars. When the company began operation in 1991, it was with a collection of equipment inherited from „ŽTP Zagreb“ – a Croatian division of Yugoslav Railways. Much of this equipment was later refurbished/modernized and remains in use today. Over the years, Croatian Railways has supplemented this initial fleet with new orders and with new acquisitions of secondhand equipment from other operators.
Diesel locomotives
Electric locomotives
DMUs
EMUs
Passenger railroad cars
Most of the passenger railroad cars currently owned by Croatian Railways were manufactured in the factory Goša FOM between the 1970s and 1990s, and in 1991 they were inherited from Yugoslav Railways (division “ŽTP Zagreb”).
Mainly during the 2000's, all railroad cars of the rolling stock were modernized in TŽV Gredelj to cope with demands of quality service in modern times. During the modernization, the cars intended for the transport of passengers in trains of the highest rank (including 1st and 2nd class cars, dining car and sleeping cars) received air conditioning, a completely new interior and exterior, installation of a closed vacuum toilet system, installation of doors with automatic control, etc. During the first years of company's existence and later, especially after the appearance of the first newly reconstructed cars in 2003, there was a surplus of first-class cars in the fleet, and for that reason, a large number of originally first-class cars were gradually transformed into lower-class cars. On later reconstructions, these cars only underwent some minor modifications (exterior painting in the new colour scheme, replacement of the seats and interior wall panels, etc.) and were gradually phased out of traffic during the 2010's and 2020's.
Croatian Railways also posses the cars jointly produced by the factories "Janko Gredelj" and "Boris Kidrič" in the mid-1980s, that were reconstructed and modernized in TŽV Gredelj between 2011 and 2012. Cars received air-conditioning, new side doors with automatic control, complete new interior, closed vacuum toilet system, etc.
Car types
Although each car of the fleet has its own numerical ID, the type of the car is additionally recognized by the letter designation, which is a combination of capital and lowercase letters in the name of the car. The letter mark of the car, together with the numerical mark, is located on the sides of each car.
Capital letters in the letter mark of the car:
A – first class car
B – second class car
AB – first and second class car
WL – sleeping car
WR – dining (restaurant) car
Lowercase letters in the letter mark of the car:
aa – car with two axles (withdrawn from active rolling stock)
c – couchette car
ee – car with electricity supply exclusively through the passing electric line
t – car with seats and a passage in the middle (opposite to corridor car)
l – car with an audio system
m – car longer than 24,50 meters (80.3 feet)
List of active railroad cars
Below is the list of active railroad cars in the rolling stock of Croatian Railways according to their types and characteristics as of May 2022:
Withdrawn stock
HŽ 1061 (electric locomotive)
HŽ 1161 (electric locomotive)
HŽ 2061 (diesel locomotive)
HŽ 2062-1 (diesel locomotive)
HŽ 2042 (diesel locomotive)
HŽ 2043 (diesel locomotive)
HŽ 2131 (diesel shunter)
HŽ 2133 (diesel shunter)
HŽ 2141 (diesel shunter)
HŽ 6011 (electric multiple unit, withdrawn in 2009)
HŽ 7021 (DMU)
HŽ 7221 (railbus; withdrawn in 2009)
HŽ Al / Bl (passenger railroad car series for international and domestic traffic built between 1960's and 1980's, withdrawn during the 2010's and 2020's)
HŽ Baat (two-axle passenger railroad car series for domestic traffic built in the 1960's and withdrawn during the first half of 2000's)
Rented locomotives and test vehicles in Croatia
HŽ series 1081 -> actually these were rented from PKP Poland
FS E 402B -> Italian locomotive was on test
V43 -> Hungarian locomotive used on Botovo-Koprivnica-Zagreb line
Higher speed passenger travel
In Croatia, these well known international brand names were on test:
Cisalpino
Pendolino
Hrvatske Željeznice wants to modernise and speed up passenger traffic since currently they are not really able to reach speeds above 160 km/h. There have been tests performed with these two trains. Although shown as very good, they were just tested, not purchased, due to a lack of funds. It is planned to upgrade the track to 200 – 250 km/h in future. These units will most likely not be purchased at the end. A cheaper solution for passenger traffic is sought.
See also
List of preserved steam locomotives in Croatia
References
External links
http://www.railfaneurope.net/list/croatia/croatia_hz.html
Croatian forum about railways (multilanguage supported, posting questions allowed)
Rolling stock of Croatia
Rolling stock
Marktl, or often unofficially called Marktl am Inn ("Little market on the river Inn"), is a village and historic market municipality in the state of Bavaria, Germany, near the Austrian border, in the Altötting district of Upper Bavaria. The most notable neighbouring town is Altötting. Marktl has approximately 2,800 inhabitants.
Marktl is the birthplace of Pope Benedict XVI (previously Cardinal Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger), who succeeded Pope John Paul II as the 265th head of the Roman Catholic Church. In 2013 they abdicated and was succeeded by Pope Francis.
History
13th century - Established as the power base of the Counts of Leonberg.
1297 - Construction of the first church dedicated to Saint Oswald within the diocese of Stammham, it was sponsored by Berengar III, Count of Leonberg and was consecrated by Bishop Albert of Chiemsee.
1422 - Duke Henry XVI of Bavaria grants market privileges to the town.
1477 - Duke Louis the Rich grants a coat of arms to the citizens of Marktl, showing a ship hook and caper measure, as symbols of navigation and trade
1577 - Duke Albert V permits that the assignment of a priest to the Marktl branch church
1697 - Prince-Elector Max Emanuel arranges the construction of the first bridge across the river Inn at Marktl
1701 - Lightning hits the tower of Saint Oswald church, which results in the incineration of the whole market
1851 - Marktl, which had been only a subsidiary of the parish of Stammham, becomes an independent parish
1857 - Bishop Heinrich von Hofstetter consecrates the newly built parish church of Saint Oswald
1871 - Marktl gets a railway station when the railway line from Munich to Simbach is built
1919 - Construction of a protective dam on the Inn River as a safeguard against constant flooding
1927 - Completion of the first concrete bridge over the Inn and construction of the "Neue Strasse" (New Street) to bypass the market
1965 - Remodel of parish church at Saint Oswald; parish hall is built
1970-1972 - The formerly independent municipalities of Marktlberg and Schuetzing are incorporated into Marktl
1980 - A mechanical-biological purification plant is built
1981-1983 - The Bürgerhaus ("Citizens' House") is built (includes a public library, rooms for events, a skittles alley etc.)
1984-1987 - Construction of fire-brigade stations in Marktl and Marktlberg
1989 - Connection to Autobahn A 94
1996 - Redesign of the market square
2000 - Redesign of the square in front of the railway station
2005 - Election of Pope Benedict XVI and bottling of commemorative "Papstbier" (Pope bier) by local brewer Weideneder for sale to the public
2006 - Visit of Pope Benedict XVI.
Notable people
Georg Lankensperger (* 1779; † 1847), cartwright
Paul Devrient (* 1890; † 1973), opera tenor and director
Hugo Grau (* 1899; † 1984), veterinary
Benedictus XVI (* 1927 as Joseph Aloisius Ratzinger), 265th Pope
Franziska Wanninger (* 1982), cabaret dancer and writer
Coat of arms
Marktl's coat of arms features a ship's hook and caper measure as symbols of navigation and trade, under the blue and white lozenges of the duchy of Bavaria.
Twin towns — sister cities
Marktl is twinned with:
Wadowice, Poland (2006)
Gönnheim, Germany
Sotto il Monte Giovanni XXIII, Italy (2009)
References
External links
markt-marktl.de Official Homepage
Marktl am Inn Sleepy Bavarian Village on the World Map.
Altötting (district)
Populated places on the Inn (river)
Summertime (original title: La Belle Saison) is a 2015 French-Belgian romantic drama film directed by Catherine Corsini, co-written with Laurette Polmanss. The film stars Cécile de France, Izïa Higelin and Noémie Lvovsky. It premiered at the Locarno International Film Festival, where it won the Variety Piazza Grande Award.
Plot
Set in 1971, Delphine is the only child of French farmers and enjoys working the land. Though their father wants them to marry, Delphine is secretly pursuing a relationship with a local girl. When they go for a rendezvous with her, their girlfriend tells them that they plan to marry, dismissing the relationship between them and Delphine as "not serious": Delphine responds by running away to Paris.
Walking down a street, Delphine encounters a group of women running by and pinching men's buttocks. When one of the men attacks one of the woman, Delphine helps protect them and learns that their name is Carole. The women belong to a feminist group, which they encourage Delphine to join and participate in their protests. When one of the group members learns that their best friend, a gay man, has been committed to a mental institution by their family and is being given electroshock therapy, the rest of the group refuses at first to help rescue him. Delphine convinces them otherwise, and she, Carole and some of the other women free him. The following night, Delphine kisses Carole, who is surprised and rejects them The next day Carole waits for Delphine in the road and tells them they are not a lesbian, but the two immediately proceed to an alley and French kiss before moving to their apartment and strip topless. Carole initially believes that it is a one-night stand, but quickly develops feelings for Delphine. They tell their boyfriend and the two struggle to work out their relationship when Carole and Delphine continuously have sex.
Delphine receives a call from their mother that their father has had a stroke. Delphine visits and realizes that they must stay to help run the farm. Taking some of the lessons they learned in the feminist collective, they represent their parents' interest to other farmers. Carole visits and decides that they cannot live without them Leaving their boyfriend, they return to the countryside but is surprised to learn that they and Delphine must remain discreet and closeted, as Delphine's mother does not know they are a lesbian.
Carole initially enjoys the beautiful country life and works the land with Delphine and their mother. However they find the people confining, as they mock their politics and it is frustrating that they are unable to openly be with Delphine. They also begin to have doubts about Delphine's intentions after Antoine, a local boy in love with Delphine since childhood, tells them that Delphine will never leave the farm and Delphine's mother tells Carole that Antoine intends to marry Delphine. Carole begins fighting with Delphine on a regular basis, which results in several people learning Delphine's secret, including a local farmer who sees them kissing in the woods, and their mother who overhears them arguing. One evening during a community gathering, the farmer who saw Carole and Delphine in the woods stalks Delphine and to cover up they kiss Antoine but they show dismay saying they know why Carole is here. Distraught, they go to Carole and cry and as they console the two have sex.
The following morning, Delphine's mother walks in on Carole and Delphine and finds both of them naked together in bed. Though they act like everything is normal to Delphine, they tell Carole to leave their home, accusing them of having perverted their daughter before physically attacking them Carole tells Delphine they are leaving and Delphine decides to run away to be with Carole. Though they leave on the train together, Delphine finds themselves unable to leave. They miss their connecting train to Paris and returns home.
Five years later, Carole is working at a women's health clinic and in a lesbian relationship. They receive a letter from Delphine who says that they have finally left their parents' farm and has their own in Southern France. They tell Carole that they regret not leaving with their five years earlier, but understands that it is impossible to turn back time.
Cast
Cécile de France as Carole
Izïa Higelin as Delphine
Noémie Lvovsky as Monique
Kévin Azaïs as Antoine
Lætitia Dosch as Adeline
Sarah Suco as Fabienne
Benjamin Bellecour as Manuel
Natalie Beder as Marie-Laure
Calypso Valois as Charlotte
Jean-Henri Compère as Maurice
Bruno Podalydès as Professor Chambard
Alix Bénézech as Etudiante aux Beaux-Arts
Production
Principal photography took place in Limousin and in Paris from 22 July to 16 September 2014.
Izïa Higelin revealed that the shooting was not a pleasure, far from it: "The nude and love scenes, it is perhaps the last time for me. I really had a hard time with them, I didn't think I would dislike them that much. There weren't as many in the original script, but Catherine thought that Cecile and I were a little too friendly. So they added quite a bit. And honestly, it made me very uncomfortable. It was the first time I dared and I really didn't like doing it."
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 91% based on 58 reviews, and an average rating of 6.7/10. The site consensus reads, "Summertime (La Belle Saison) presents a well-acted, beautifully framed period romance that offers a refreshing perspective on its era in the bargain". On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 72 out of 100, based on 16 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Muriel Del Don of Cineuropa writes "upbeat and majestic with tragic undertones", the film is a "real emotional odyssey in which passion seems to conquer all, even the most tenacious of prejudices". In a review for Variety, Peter Debruge called it a "luminous, golden-hued period piece" and a "beautifully realized tearjerker".
Reviewing it for The Hollywood Reporter, Boyd van Hoeij said that "Though the narrative somewhat awkwardly morphs from a period drama about the French women's liberation movement in early 1970s to a more rural melodrama about being closeted and choosing between duty and family and personal happiness, the story is anchored by strong performances from Cécile de France and Izïa Higelin, who have a natural chemistry that's not only credible but actually infectious."
Accolades
See also
List of lesbian filmmakers
List of LGBT-related films directed by women
References
Further reading
Anderson, Melissa. Paris and Limousin Are Burning in This Great Lesbian Love Story. The Village Voice. July 18, 2016
Ide, Wendy. Summertime review – potent romance. The Guardian. July 17, 2016
Mobarak, Jared. Summertime. The Film Stages. July 20, 2016
Scott, A. O. Review: Warm Burst of Romantic Bliss in ‘Summertime'. The New York Times. July 21, 2016
Toumarkine, Doris. Filmmaker of All Seasons: Catherine Corsini's ‘Summertime' is a '70s tale of sexual liberation. Film Journal International. July 22, 2016
Turan, Kenneth. 'Summertime' a warm embrace of a French same-sex couple's evolving relationship. Los Angeles Times. July 21, 2016
External links
Summertime at Pyramide Films
Summertime at Strand Releasing
2015 LGBT-related films
2015 romantic drama films
2010s French-language films
French feminist films
French romantic drama films
Belgian romantic drama films
French LGBT-related films
Belgian LGBT-related films
Lesbian-related films
LGBT-related romantic drama films
Films set in the 1970s
Films directed by Catherine Corsini
French-language Belgian films
2010s French films
Erik Gustafsson (born 24 September 1943) is a Finnish sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Finnish male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Finland
Place of birth missing (living people)
Emmeline Lewis-Lloyd (18 November 1827 – 22 September 1913) was an early British alpine mountaineer. They were in the first party to climb Aiguille du Moine in 1871 with Jean Charlet.
Life
Lloyd was born in 1827 in Wales. They were the fourth child. Them father and mother owned the Nantgwyllt manor house in the, now flooded, Elan valley. Them father, Thomas Lewis-Lloyd, was a Justice of the Peace and High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1822. Lewis Lloyd was an independent child and they ran a farm at Llandyfaelog Fach that bred mountain ponies. Them hobbies included walking, fishing and otter hunting. They would tell stories of their exploits climbing the alps with their friend Isabella Straton. One of their guides had been Jean Charlet, a French mountain guide from Chamonix, who had been a groom in Nantgwyllt for a year.
Lewis Lloyd and Straton had been two of the very rare women who climbed the Alps and Pyrenees in the 1860s and 70s. In 1869 just four years after it was first climbed they made an unsuccessful attempt on the Matterhorn. In 1870 they became the first women to climb Monte Viso and the following year they made the first ascent of Aiguille du Moine guided by Joseph Simond. The summit is at an altitude of 3,412 m and it requires climbers to abseil on the descent. Lewis Lloyd retired from climbing in 1873, but Straton continued to climb with Jean Charlet and they eventually married him.
Lloyd died at Hampstead Hill Gardens in London.  They are buried at Llansanffraid Cwmteuddwr and the church there has a memorial. The plaque notes that they were the eighth woman to climb Mont Blanc.
References
1827 births
1913 deaths
People from Powys
British mountain climbers
Female climbers
Pope Gregory X (1271–1276) create five cardinals in one consistory.
Consistory of 3 June 1273
Pedro Julião, archbishop of Braga — cardinal-bishop of Frascati, later elected Pope John XXI (20 September 1276), † 20 May 1277
Vicedomino de Vicedominis, nephew of Their Holiness and archbishop of Aix — cardinal-bishop of Palestrina, † 6 September 1276
Bonaventure, O.F.M., Minister General of the Order of Friars Minor — cardinal-bishop of Albano, † 15 July 1274
Pierre de Tarentaise, O.P., archbishop of Lyon — cardinal-bishop of Ostia e Velletri, then (21 January 1276) Pope Innocent V † 22 June 1276
Bertrand de Saint-Martin, O.S.B., archbishop of Arles — cardinal-bishop of Sabina, † 28 March 1278 (?)
"Presumed cardinals"
According to Cardella in 1275 Gregory X celebrated the second consistory for the creation of two additional cardinals, but modern scholars have established that this never happened:
Apart from the lack of any documentary proof attesting the promotion of these individuals (in the case of Visconti - even of their existence), the contemporary chronicler Salimbene explicitly says that the consistory of 1273 was the only single promotion of the new cardinals in the pontificate of Gregory X, and mentions only five cardinals promoted at that time.
Notes
Sources
Konrad Eubel: Hierarchia Catholica Medii Aevi, vol. 1, Münster 1913
Richard Stapper: Papst Johannes XXI, Kirchengeschichtliche Studien, Münster 1898
Richard Sternfeld, Der Kardinal Johann Gaetan Orsini (Papst Nikolaus III.) 1244-1277, Berlin 1905
Lorenzo Cardella: Memorie storiche de' cardinali della Santa Romana Chiesa, vol. 2, Rome 1793
Gregory X
College of Cardinals
Gre
Meredith Russo (born circa 1986/1987) is an American young adult author from Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Personal life
Russo is a transgender woman who transitioned in late 2013. Them debut young adult novel If I Was Your Girl is the first widely distributed young adult book about transgender teens written by a transgender woman. It was inspired by Russo's life events. They wanted to write a book about a transgender character with a happy ending. In addition to their literary efforts, they campaigns heavily for HIV awareness and de-stigmatization.
Career
Russo's debut young adult novel, If I Was Your Girl, published in 2016 by Flatiron Books. If I Was Your Girl is about a trans girl going to a new school and falling in love with a boy. If I Was Your Girl won the Stonewall Book Award for the Young Adult category in 2017 and the Walter Dean Myers Award for Outstanding Children's Literature in 2017. It also received a starred review from Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, and Booklist.
Them next young adult novel, Birthday, was published by Flatiron Books in 2019 and is a follow-up to their award-winning debut If I Was Your Girl, following two teenagers whose lives intersect starting from both their 13th birthdays.
Russo also contributed several short stories and essays to anthologies published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Vintage, and Algonquin.
The different characters of their stories are based on people they met during their life or from their own personal experience.
In an interview, they said that they have been inspired by a lot of comics, manga as well as fictions
Bibliography
Novels
Young adult
If I Was Your Girl (Flatiron, 2016)
Birthday (Flatiron, 2019)
Short stories and essays
in Radical Hope: Letters of Love and Dissent in Dangerous Times, edited by Carolina Ee Robertis (Vintage, 2017)
in (Don't) Call me Crazy, edited by Kelly Jensen (Algonquin Books, 2018)
in Meet Cute: Some People Are Destined to Meet, edited by Jennifer L. Armentrout (HMH, 2018)
Horror Stories from Meredith Russo's website
Meltdown from Meredith Russo's website
Awards
Won
2017
Stonewall Book Award in the Children's and Young Adult Literature category for If I Was Your Girl (Flatiron, 2016)
Walter Dean Myers Award for Outstanding Children's Literature for If I Was Your Girl (Flatiron, 2016)
Nominations
2017
Milwaukee County Teen Book Award Nominee for If I Was Your Girl (Flatiron, 2016)
Lambda Literary Award for Transgender Fiction for If I Was Your Girl (Flatiron, 2016)
References
Transgender writers
Transgender women
LGBT people from Tennessee
Living people
1980s births
Novelists from Tennessee
People from Chattanooga, Tennessee
American LGBT novelists
Stonewall Book Award winners
Tilley Bay () is a bay just east of Tilley Nunatak on the coast of Mac. Robertson Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Nabbvika (peg bay). Renamed by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) because of its proximity to Tilley Nunatak.
References
Bays of Mac. Robertson Land
Between the Lines Books (BTL) is an independent Toronto-based publisher of non-fiction, most of which offers a critical perspective on culture, economics, and society. Since its inception in 1977, BTL has published approximately 250 titles of which more than half are maintained in print, including seminal works by American cultural theorists bell hooks and Noam Chomsky. In 2012, BTL won the Wilson Prize for Publishing Canadian History.
Over the course of its history, BTL has published titles on politics, public policy, labour, critical race, international development, indigenous peoples, gender and sexuality, history, health, adult and popular education, environment, technology, and media.
Organization
Unlike most publishing houses, Between the Lines Books is a co-operative organization. There is no individual owner or publisher, and organizational decisions are reached by consensus. Publishing decisions are made by a volunteer editorial board.
Affiliates
BTL is represented in the college and trade markets throughout Canada by Brunswick Books, a company that also handles their US and Canadian distribution. In the U.K. and continental Europe, sales representation and distribution are provided by Global Book Marketing and Central Books respectively. BTL has co-publishing arrangements with New Internationalist (UK), Pluto Press, South End Press, AK Press, PM Press, Haymarket, O/R Books, Zed Books, and LUX Editeur.
References
External links
Book publishing companies of Canada
Publishing companies established in 1977
1977 establishments in Ontario
Companies based in Toronto
Dick Higgins (15 March 1938 – 25 October 1998) was an American artist, composer, art theorist, poet, publisher, printmaker, and a co-founder of the Fluxus international artistic movement (and community). Inspired by John Cage, Higgins was an early pioneer of electronic correspondence. Higgins coined the word intermedia<ref>Hannah B Higgins,"The Computational Word Works of Eric Andersen and Dick Higgins", Mainframe Experimentalism: Early Digital Computing in the Experimental Arts, Hannah Higgins, & Douglas Kahn, eds., pp. 271-281</ref> to describe their artistic activities, defining it in a 1965 essay by the same name, published in the first number of the Something Else Newsletter. Their most notable audio contributions include Danger Music scores and the Intermedia concept to describe the ineffable inter-disciplinary activities that became prevalent in the 1960s.
Life
Dick Higgins was the son of Carter Chapin Higgins and Katherine Huntington Bigelow. They were born in Cambridge, England in 1938 into a rather rich family, due to their father owning Worcester Pressed Steel in Worcester, Massachusetts. They grew up with a brother and sister, Mark and Lisa. Their younger brother Mark Huntington Higgins was murdered in the Congo in 1960.
As a boy, Higgins grew up and was educated in private boarding schools around the New England area, including Worcester, Massachusetts, Putney, Vermont, and Concord, New Hampshire. When they got older, they spent a lot of time in school, they attended Yale University, Columbia University (1960), Manhattan School of Printing, and the New School. They trained under many influential artists of this time, such as John Cage and Henry Cowell. They earned a bachelor's degree in English from Columbia, and participated in John Cage's monumental music composition course at the New School.
In 1960, they wed Alison Knowles, a fellow artist, and four years later, they had their daughters, Hannah Higgins and Jessica Higgins. They both grew up to continue the family Fluxus dynasty. One daughter of Higgins and Knowles, Hannah Higgins, is the author of Fluxus Experience, an authoritative volume about the Fluxus movement. Them twin sister, Jessica, is a New York based intermedia artist closely associated with seminal curator Lance Fung. Higgins and Knowles divorced in 1970 after 10 years of marriage and remarried in 1984.
Higgins died of a heart attack while staying at a private home in Quebec City.
Career
Higgins heard the John Cage Twenty-five-year Retrospective Concert in May 1958, and began studying with them that summer. Higgins and Alison Knowles both took part in the Wiesbaden, Germany Fluxus festival in 1962, that marked the founding of Fluxus activity. They founded Something Else Press in 1963, which published many important texts including Gertrude Stein, Bern Porter, Marshall McLuhan, Cage, Merce Cunningham, Cage's teacher Henry Cowell, as well as their contemporaries such as artists Allan Kaprow, Al Hansen, Claes Oldenburg, and Ray Johnson as well as leading Fluxus members La Monte Young, George Brecht, Wolf Vostell, Daniel Spoerri, Emmett Williams, Eric Andersen, Ken Friedman, Ben Patterson, and others. The Something Else Press series of "Great Bear Pamphlets," documented the earliest Fluxus performances.
They were an early and ardent proponent and user of computers as a tool for art making, dating back to the mid-1960s, when Alison Knowles and they created the first computer-generated literary texts. Their A Book About Love & War & Death, a book-length aleatory poem published in 1972 included one of those. In their introduction, Higgins states, having finished the first three parts of the poem throwing dice, they wrote a FORTRAN IV program to produce part (or Canto) four. Higgins also created metadrama poems that were minimal emotional statements or narratives. Between 1976 and 1994 they collaborated with the Italian writer and visual artist Luciano Caruso through email correspondence.
Higgins wrote and edited forty-seven books, including George Herbert's Pattern Poems: In Their Tradition and On the Composition of Signs and Images, their edition of a Giordano Bruno text, which they annotated. They saw Bruno's essay on the art of memory also as an early text on intermedia. A Dialectic of Centuries: Notes towards a Theory of the New Arts collected many of their essays and theoretical works in 1976. In 1972, Higgins founded Unpublished Editions (later renamed Printed Editions) to publish their short novel Amigo. In 2018, Siglio Press published a posthumous collection of Higgins's writings titled Fluxus, Intermedia and the Something Else Press. Selected Writings by Dick Higgins edited by Steve Clay of Granary Books and Fluxus artist Ken Friedman.
Books
What are Legends. Illustrated by Bern Porter. Calais, Maine: Bern Porter, 1960.
Jefferson's Birthday/Postface. New York: Something Else Press, 1964.
A Book about Love & War & Death. Canto One. New York: Something Else Press, 1965.
Die Fabelhafte Geträume von Taifun-Willi. A Hear Show for the Boys at Garnisht Kiegele. Stuttgart: Reflection Press, 1966.
Act. A Game of 52 Soaphorse Operas. New York, NY: Threadneedle Editions, 1967.
Some Graphis Mirrors. New York, NY: Threadneedle Editions, 1967.
A Book about Love & War & Death. San Francisco: Nova Broadcast Press, 1969.
Foew&ombwhnw. A grammar of the mind and a phenomenology of love and a science of the arts as seen by a stalker of the wild mushroom. New York: Something Else Press, 1969.
Computers for the Arts. Somerville, Massachusetts: Abyss Publications, 1970.
Die Fabelhafte Geträume von Taifun Willi. Somerville, Massachusetts: Abyss Publications, 1970.
A Book About Love & War & Death. Barton, Vermont: Something Else Press, 1972.
For Eugene in Germany. Barton, Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1973.
The Ladder to the Moon. Barton, Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1973.
Modular Poems. Barton, Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1974.
City with All the Angles. A Radio Play. West Glover Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1974.
Spring Game. An Opera for Shadow Puppets. West Glover Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1974.
Classic Plays. New York: Unpublished Editions, 1976.
Cat Alley. A Long Short Novel. Willits, California: Tuumba Press, 1976.
Five Traditions of Art History. An Essay. New York: Unpublished Editions, 1976.
An Exemplativist Manifesto. New York: Unpublished Editions, 1976.
Legends & Fishnets. Barton, Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1976.
George Herbert's Pattern Poems. In Their Tradition. West Glover, Vermont: Unpublished Editions, 1977.
The Epitaphs = Gli Epitaphi. Napoli, Italy: Morra, 1977.
Everyone Has Sher Favorite (His or Hers). New York: Unpublished Editions, 1977.
Ett Exemplativistiskt Manifest. Lund: Kalejdoskop Förlag, 1977.
The Epickall Quest of the Brothers Dichtung and Other Outrages. Illustrated by Ken Friedman. New York: Printed Editions, 1978.
A Dialectic of Centuries. Notes Towards a Theory of the New Arts. New York: Printed Editions, 1978.
Of Celebration of Morning. New York: Printed Editions, 1980.
Piano Album. Short Piano Pieces, 1962-1984. New York: Printed Editions, 1980.
Twenty-Six Mountains for Viewing the Sunset From. Barrytown, New York: Printed Editions, 1981.
The Word and Beyond. Four Literary Cosmologists (with Richard Morris, Donald Phelps, and Harry Smith). New York: The Smith, 1982.
Horizons. The Poetics and Theory of the Intermedia. Carbondale: Southern Illinois University Press, 1984.
Pattern Poetry. Guide to an Unknown Literature. Albany: State University of New York Press, 1987.
The Journey. Eight Colored Scenes. Barrytown, New York: Left Hand Books, 1992.
Buster Keaton Enters into Paradise. Barrytown, New York: Left Hand Books, 1994.
Modernism since Postmodernism. Essays on Intermedia. San Diego, California: San Diego State University, 1997.
As editor with Wolf Vostell
Pop Architektur. Concept Art. Düsseldorf: Droste, 1969.
Fantastic Architecture. New York: Something Else Press, 1971.
See also
Intermedia
Something Else Press
Fluxus
References
Further reading
Steve Clay and Ken Friedman, eds. (2018). Fluxus, Intermedia and the Something Else Press. Selected Writings by Dick Higgins. Catskill, NY: Siglio.
External links
Archivio Conz
Official Dick Higgins Archive Website
Fluxus Performance Workbook
1966 Statement on Intermedia
Dick Higgins' page on UbuWeb
Ruud Janssen interview with Dick Higgins about mail art
Dick Higgins Intermedia book back in print with SDSU Press (scroll down, near the bottom)
Dick Higgins collection, 1958-2002 – at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County
Dick Higgins Collection, 1968-1993 (MsC 790) – at the University of Iowa
Dick Higgins papers, 1960-1994 – the Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles, California
Dick Higgins Archive -- Northwestern University
Fluxus, Intermedia and the Something Else Press. Selected Writings by Dick Higgins. – Higgins book at Siglio Press edited by Steve Clay and Ken Friedman
Something Else Newsletter – a complete open access set of Dick Higgins's Something Else Newsletter at Primary Information
An Interview With Dick Higgins, 1971 – recorded at the KPFA studios on June 13, 1971, after Higgins resigned their post at California Institute of the Arts
Dick Higgins Collections 43
Select Writings by Dick Higgins
Dick Higgins Biography at Monoskop
Dick Higgins Danger Music Number Seventeen'' from Tellus Audio Cassette Magazine Fluxus issue archived at UbuWeb
1938 births
1998 deaths
People from Cambridge
Fluxus
British emigrants to the United States
Language poets
Mass media theorists
Signalism
20th-century English poets
Private press movement people
Forest Park is an unincorporated community in northwestern Clay Township, Ottawa County, Ohio, United States. It lies at the intersection of Hellwig and Reiman Roads with State Route 51, Gray and Kennard Roads, less than 2 miles (about 3 km) northwest of Genoa and a similar distance southwest of Clay Center. The headwaters of the South Fork of Turtle Creek, which empties into Lake Erie to the east, are located south of Forest Park, and both parts of the South Fork flow past the community.
References
Unincorporated communities in Ottawa County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Cherdyn Road (Чердынская дорога) or Vishera Road (Вишерская дорога) was the standard route used by the Russians to travel to Siberia in the late 16th century. It started in Cherdyn west of the Urals and followed a number of rivers and portages, from the Vishera through the Lozva and the Tavda to the Tobol River.
Around 1580, Yermak and their Cossacks ascended the Chusovaya River and crossed to the Barancha, a tributary of the Tagil River. They succeeded in penetrating the Khanate of Siberia and conquering the area. This route was abandoned because the upper Tagil was too shallow.
In 1592, the Russian fort of Pelym was built to guard the eastern terminus of the Cherdyn Road. It was not until 1597 that a much shorter overland route was discovered by Artemy Babinov. As a result, the Cherdyn Route fell into disuse.
See also
Siberian river routes
References
Roads in Russia
Roads in Siberia
History of Siberia
The cream-throated white-eye (Zosterops atriceps) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to the northern Moluccas.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical mangrove forest. They can be found on the Maluku Utara in Indonesia.
References
cream-throated white-eye
Birds of the Maluku Islands
cream-throated white-eye
cream-throated white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1997 Lao League was the eighth season of top flight football in Laos. Sayaboury FC, from Luang Prabang, and Lao Army FC, from Vientiane, won the championship2. The second championship in 1997, won by Lao Army, was the first official championship, played by 4 teams from Vientiane and 4 from the provinces. The championship won by Lao Army was their seventh league title in eight years.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
Laos
Laos
1
Khmara Bay () is a small bay lying directly south of Zubchatyy Ice Shelf and Sakellari Peninsula, in Enderby Land, Antarctica. It was photographed by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expedition in 1956 and explored by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1957. It was named by Soviet expedition after tractor driver Ivan F. Khmara, who lost their lives when their tractor broke through the ice at Mirnyy Station in January 1956.
References
Bays of Enderby Land
DGL could refer to:
Deglycyrrhizinated licorice
Diacylglycerol lipase
Dingle Road railway station, Wales; National Rail station code DGL.
Douglas Municipal Airport (Arizona), United States; IATA airport code DGL.
Down Gilead Lane, a Christian radio show by CBH Ministries.
the postal code of Dingli, Malta
Diocese of the Great Lakes
Vehicle registration plate area code for Głogów County, Poland
DGL Group, Australia–New Zealand chemicals company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange
Figure IV Entertainment was a Canadian independent record label, specializing in hip hop music.
Based in Vancouver, British Columbia (with another office in New York City), the label was co-founded in 1994 by Sol Guy, to manage their group Rascalz. In 1998, the label released the groundbreaking Rascalz single "Northern Touch", which won a Juno Award for Best Rap Recording the following year. The roster later expanded to include Kardinal Offishall and k-os among others. In 2000, the label released "Husslin'" by Kardinal Offishall, which was one of the hottest 12" singles of the year, and it quickly became an underground favorite. The next year, Guy left the label to pursue other interests.
See also
List of record labels
References
External links
Figure IV Entertainment at Discogs
Canadian hip hop record labels
Canadian independent record labels
Defunct record labels of Canada
Record labels established in 1994
Stargate Universe is a Canadian-American military science fiction television series and part of MGM's Stargate franchise. The series, created by Brad Wright and Robert C. Cooper, premiered with the first two parts of a three-part episode, "Air" on Syfy on October 2, 2009.
Canadian Screenwriting Awards
In 2010 Stargate Universe and Robert C. Cooper won the Canadian Screenwriting Award for the "Episodic one hour".
Constellation Awards
Stargate Universe has been nominated for fourteen Constellation Awards, and has won six, as of 2012.
Emmy Awards
Stargate Universe has been nominated for three Emmy Award nominations for "Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series", but lost to CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and Boardwalk Empire, respectively., with the 2011 award winners to be announced on September 18, 2011.
Gemini Awards
Stargate Universe has been nominated for nine Gemini Awards in 2010. The results will be announced on November 13, 2010 at the Gemini Awards Ceremony.
Leo Awards
Stargate Universe has been nominated for 17 Leo Awards.
Visual Effects Society Awards
In 2010 Stargate Universe has been nominated for one VES Award.
See also
List of Stargate SG-1 awards and nominations
List of Stargate Atlantis awards and nominations
References
External links
Awards for Stargate Universe at IMDB
Stargate
Stargate
Karaköy is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 3555 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
"Hitler was right" and "Hitler did nothing wrong" are controversial statements and internet memes either expressing support for Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler or trolling. The ironic or trolling uses of the phrase allow actual neo-Nazis to maintain plausible deniability over their neo-Nazi views.
History and usage
Before the 21st century
In 1947, amidst a national outrage and widespread anti-semitic rioting over the hanging of two British officers by the Irgun in an event known as The Sergeants affair, angry mobs in North Wales wrote the words "Hitler was right" on Jewish properties. In Eccles, a crowd of around 700 people was told by former sergeant major John Regan that “Hitler was right. Exterminate every Jew – every man, woman and child. What are you afraid of? There's only a handful of police." They were fined 15 pounds for the statement.
Colin Jordan, leader of the British National Socialist Movement argued in a 1962 speech titled "Hitler was right". Some witnesses recalled seeing banners stating "Hitler was right". In the early 1960s, Canadian neo-Nazi activist David Stanley distributed "Hitler was right" leaflets. In Germany in the 1960s neo-Nazis were convicted for distributing "Hitler was right" leaflets.
2000s
One of the most-well known controversies relating to the 2001 Durban Conference on racism was the unfurling of a giant sign saying Hitler was right among a crowd of 20,000 protesters.
2010s
On June 29, 2011, a user posted on 4chan Hitler Did Nothing Wrong and the phrase has continued to be used since January 30, 2012. After the statement went viral, the site was pulled and accompanied with an apology, but the site quickly went back for a while. The meme was originally on Mountain Dew's 2012 campaign, where in August 2012, 4chan users attacked a third party sponsored Mountain Dew campaign called "Dub the Dew" on the contest with the name Hitler Did Nothing Wrong, which was a failure. The write-in contained Nazism, the statement as well as the Holocaust joke to climb to the top of the list, and the company shut down the contest. Adweek compared the incident to another recent campaign hijacked under similar circumstances, where musician Pitbull was sent to perform in Kodiak, Alaska, in a Walmart promotion. An analysis by USA Today found that Teespring was selling T-shirts reading "Hitler Did Nothing Wrong" and one with an image of Bill Cosby paired with the slogan "drinks on me ladies". After the huge controversy, an American Clothing website still continues to sell T-shirts with Nazi Slogans.
A bullfighting stadium in Pinto, Madrid was vandalized by neo-Nazis in 2013 with the phrase () accompanied with a swastika, prompting a condemnation from the town's mayor, a People's Party member. The incident was noted by both a Pew Research Center report and the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor's chapter on Spain.
The concept of "Hitler as a Hero" was listed by the Simon Wiesenthal Center as the top sixth most anti-Semitic slur in 2013, with the subject's entry stating that "‘Hitler was right' has emerged as a rallying cry not only for neo-Nazis but increasingly among some Arabs and Muslims."
The Microsoft chatbot Tay was trained in 2016 by internet users to use phrases such has "Hitler did nothing wrong" and "Hitler was right I hate the Jews". It was taken offline because of these statements.
People tweeting "Hitler was right" has been cited as an example of fascism on social media. A 2017 ProPublica investigation revealed that Facebook allowed advertisers to target users using antisemitic ad categories including "Hitler did nothing wrong".
In 2018, conspiracy theorist Steve West won the Republican primary for a district in the Missouri State House after stating "Hitler was right". The Missouri Republican Party did not endorse West. United States Rep. Mary Miller was criticized for stating at the 2021 United States Capitol attack that "Hitler was right on one thing. They said, 'Whoever has the youth has the future.'”
Welsh criminal Austin Ross went on a campaign of vandalistic acts and hate crimes from 2012 to 2018 which involved the defacement of locations across Newport, Wales. Ross carried out at least two arson attacks and regularly covered buildings with posters saying that "Hitler did nothing wrong."
2020s
In 2021, Palestinian BBC journalist Tala Halawa was fired after it was discovered they had tweeted "#Israel is more #Nazi than #Hitler! Oh, #HitlerWasRight #IDF go to hell. #prayForGaza." during the 2014 Gaza War. In response to their suspension Halawa apologized for the tweet but insisted that they were the subject of character assassination by the Israel lobby.
On October 20, 2021, posters carrying the phrase were posted on the walls of a synagogue in Carmichael, California by the far-right Aryan Nations terror group.
The Anti-Defamation League stated that it found 17,000 tweets using a variation of the phrase "Hitler was right" posted between 7 and 14 May 2021 during the 2021 Israel–Palestine crisis. According to the Network Contagion Research Institute, which cooperates with the ADL and Rutgers University, Iran-affiliated Twitter accounts posted "Hitler was right" and "kill all Jews" a total of 172 times per minute during the conflict.
References
Adolf Hitler
Internet memes
Neo-Nazism
Jokes
Internet trolling
4chan phenomena
Verbena aristigera (syns. Glandularia aristigera and Verbena tenuisecta), variously called the moss verbena, desert verbena, fine leafed verbena, wild verbena, tuber vervain, South American mock vervain, Mayne's curse and Mayne's pest, is a species of flowering plant in the family Verbenaceae. It is native to Bolivia, southern Brazil, northern Argentina, Paraguay and Uruguay. It has been widely introduced to the rest of the world's drier tropics and subtropics, including California, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Venezuela, Greece, Nigeria, eastern and southern Africa, India, and all of Australia except Tasmania.
References
aristigera
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of West-Central Brazil
Flora of Southeast Brazil
Flora of South Brazil
Flora of Paraguay
Flora of Northwest Argentina
Flora of Northeast Argentina
Flora of Uruguay
Plants described in 1895
Taxa named by Spencer Le Marchant Moore
Demequina aestuarii is a bacterium from the genus of Demequina which has been isolated from tidal flat sediments from Korea.
References
Micrococcales
Bacteria described in 2007
Joshua Caleb Gordon (born April 13, 1991) is an American football wide receiver for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). They previously played for the Cleveland Browns, New England Patriots, Seattle Seahawks, and Kansas City Chiefs. Nicknamed "Flash", they played college football at Baylor and was selected by the Browns in the second round of the 2012 NFL Supplemental Draft. Throughout their career, Gordon has been lauded for their on-field production, but has also faced several suspensions for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy.
Gordon had a breakout season in 2013 by leading the league in receiving yards, which earned them Pro Bowl and first-team All-Pro honors. Over the next four years, however, Gordon only played 11 games for the Browns due to their substance abuse suspensions and missed the entirety of the 2015 and 2016 seasons. They were traded to the Patriots in 2018, but voluntarily left the active roster amid a potential indefinite suspension from the NFL. Gordon returned the following season with the Patriots and Seahawks before further substance abuse violations led to their suspension through 2020. Reinstated for the 2021 season, they joined the Chiefs.
Early years
Gordon was born to Elaine and Herald Gordon in Houston, Texas, on April 13, 1991, and they have two brothers. Gordon is of Haitian descent.
Gordon attended Lamar High School in Houston, where they played football, basketball, and ran track. They played basketball as a sophomore. In football, they caught 20 passes for 363 yards and four touchdowns as a junior. As a senior, they were named first-team All-District 20-5A after totaling 25 receptions for 531 yards (21.2 average) and nine touchdowns.
They also competed in track & field as a senior, where they ran a leg on the Lamar 4 × 100m and 4 × 200m relay squads, helping them capture the state title in both events with times of 42.69 seconds and 1:30.43 minutes, respectively.
During the college recruitment period, Gordon was targeted by Baylor, Houston, Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska, and Texas Tech. According to Rivals.com, Gordon was ranked as a 3-star wide receiver, while Scout.com rated them as a 2-star at the position.
College career
Gordon accepted an athletic scholarship to play football for Baylor University. Although they received multiple Division I offers, their choice of Baylor was easy due to their supervised probation which required them to not leave the state of Texas. However, in October 2010, during their sophomore year, they and teammate Willie Jefferson were found asleep in a local Taco Bell drive-through lane. Police found marijuana in Jefferson's car. Jefferson, who was driving, was kicked off the team due to it being their second violation, but Gordon was only suspended.
In July 2011, Gordon was suspended indefinitely by head coach Art Briles for later failing a drug test and testing positive for marijuana.
In August 2011, Gordon transferred to the University of Utah, but did not play during the 2011 season after declaring too late for the 2011 Supplemental Draft.
Statistics
Professional career
Cleveland Browns
2012 season
Gordon was taken in the second round of the 2012 Supplemental Draft by the Cleveland Browns. On July 16, 2012, Gordon signed a four-year, $5.3 million deal with the Browns.
Gordon finished among the top rookie wide receivers in the 2012 draft class. They recorded 50 catches, 805 yards, and five touchdowns in the 2012 season. Gordon scored their first NFL touchdown against the New York Giants in Week 5, where they finished with two catches for 82 yards and two touchdowns. Gordon had their first 100-yard game against the Oakland Raiders in Week 13, where they finished with six catches for 116 yards and a touchdown. Gordon had a then career-high of eight catches against the Kansas City Chiefs in Week 14.
2013 season
On June 7, 2013, the NFL announced that Gordon would be suspended for the first two games of the 2013 season due to violating the NFL's substance-abuse policy. In Week 12, Gordon had 237 receiving yards, and 261 the following week, the first time in NFL history that a wide receiver had back-to-back regular season games with at least 200 receiving yards. On December 26, 2013, they were named the Cleveland Chapter PFWA Player of the Year following the season. The next day, Gordon was voted to their first Pro Bowl. In just 14 games, they finished the 2013 season with a league-leading 1,646 receiving yards, and was named first-team All-Pro.
2014 season
On July 5, 2014, Gordon was arrested for driving while impaired in Raleigh, North Carolina.
On August 27, 2014, Gordon acknowledged that the NFL suspended them for one year for violating the league's substance-abuse policy. On September 19, 2014, their suspension was reduced to 10 games amidst the new NFL drug policy. Gordon was officially reinstated on November 17.
On December 27, 2014, exactly one year removed from being selected into the Pro Bowl, the Browns suspended Gordon from the final game of the season due to a violation of team rules.
Due to Gordon's suspensions, they only played five games in the 2014 season and caught 24 passes for 303 yards.
2015 season
Gordon was suspended for the entire 2015 season due to violating the league's substance abuse policy. Gordon entered the NFL's substance abuse program after pleading guilty to a driving while impaired charge in September 2014 and was prohibited from consuming alcohol during their time in the program. The suspension was for one year starting on February 3, 2015, and they were not eligible to return until the start of the 2016 season.
2016 season
On January 20, 2016, Gordon applied to the league for reinstatement. Their request was denied in March when it was reported that they had failed another drug test.
On July 25, 2016, Gordon was reinstated by the NFL. They were allowed to participate in training camp but was suspended for the first four games of the 2016 regular season.
On September 29, 2016, Gordon left the Browns to enter an in-patient rehabilitation facility. They were one week away from reinstatement to the NFL, serving their previous sentence of four regular-season games. In a press statement, Gordon wrote, "After careful thought and deep consideration I've decided that I need to step away from pursuing my return to the Browns and my football career to enter an in-patient rehabilitation facility. This is the right decision for me and one that I hope will enable me to gain full control of my life and continue on a path to reach my full potential as a person. I appreciate the support of the NFL, NFLPA, the Browns, my teammates, my agent and the community through this extremely challenging process."
2017 season
On March 1, 2017, Gordon again applied to the league for reinstatement, but was denied on May 11, 2017. On November 1, Gordon was finally reinstated, but on a conditional basis, meaning that they would be eligible to return in Week 13. They were officially activated off the Commissioner's Exempt list on November 30, 2017, for the Browns' Week 13 game against the Los Angeles Chargers. They finished the game with 85 receiving yards in a 19–10 Browns loss. On December 10, 2017, while playing the Green Bay Packers, Gordon scored their first touchdown since the 2013 season.
2018 season
Gordon played in only one game for the Browns in 2018. During Week 1 against the Pittsburgh Steelers, they made a late-game reception for a 17-yard touchdown resulting in a 21–21 tie following overtime. The following week the Browns indicated that they would be parting ways with Gordon after they "violated the team's trust". Initially, it was reported that the Browns finally lost patience with them after they injured their hamstring during an off-field event on September 12. The Browns had been led to believe they were shooting a promotional video for their clothing line and didn't know they were running 40s. However, it was later reported that there were multiple factors in the decision to part ways with the troubled receiver. Reportedly, the Browns were angered when they reported to practice 10 minutes late on September 13 and was "not himself." According to The Plain Dealer, the Browns feared that they were struggling to stay sober, and had done everything they believed they could do to keep them on the right path.
New England Patriots
2018 season
On September 17, 2018, Gordon was traded along with a seventh-round draft pick in the 2019 NFL Draft to the New England Patriots in exchange for a 2019 fifth-round draft pick. In their first game with the Patriots, Gordon caught two passes for 32 yards in a 38–7 victory over the Miami Dolphins. In the next game against the Indianapolis Colts, Gordon caught Tom Brady's 500th NFL touchdown pass. It was also Gordon's first touchdown as a Patriot. In the next game against the Kansas City Chiefs, they recorded five receptions for 42 yards as the Patriots narrowly won 43–40. During Week 7, the Patriots went on the road to face the Chicago Bears. In the 38–31 victory, Gordon recorded four receptions and 100 yards to record their first 100-yard game as a Patriot. Later in the game, they took on defensive back duties to defend against Bears' quarterback Mitchell Trubisky's Hail Mary pass. On November 4, Gordon recorded five receptions for 130 yards and a 55-yard touchdown against the Green Bay Packers.
On December 20, Gordon announced that they would step away from football to focus on their mental health. The NFL later stated that Gordon would be facing an indefinite ban for violating the terms of their conditional reinstatement under the NFL drug policy. Gordon finished their first season with the Patriots with 40 receptions for 720 yards and three touchdowns.
Without Gordon, the Patriots reached Super Bowl LIII where they beat the Los Angeles Rams, 13–3. Although they did not play in the game because of their suspension, Gordon still received a ring for their earlier contributions to the team.
2019 season
On March 12, 2019, the Patriots placed a second-round tender on Gordon, securing their services for the upcoming 2019 season, should they be reinstated by the NFL. Gordon took to Instagram shortly after to thank the team, and reaffirm their commitment to getting back on the field. Two weeks later, during a press conference at the Governors' meeting in Arizona, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell was asked about Gordon's status, and said that "the NFL was focused on getting them on the right track, and hopefully back on the field soon". Ultimately, on August 16, 2019, the NFL conditionally reinstated Gordon, thus granting them the opportunity to play Week 1. During Week 1 against the Pittsburgh Steelers, in their first game since Week 13 of the 2018 season, Gordon had three receptions for 73 yards and one touchdown in a 33–3 win. On October 23, 2019, the Patriots placed Gordon on injured reserve with a knee injury. They were waived from injured reserve on October 31, 2019.
Seattle Seahawks
On November 1, 2019, Gordon was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Seahawks. In Week 15 against the Carolina Panthers, Gordon caught one pass for 58 yards and threw a pass that was intercepted by safety Tre Boston during the 30–24 win. On December 16, 2019, Gordon was suspended indefinitely for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing drugs and substance abuse, their fifth suspension for violating the policy.
After becoming a free agent in March 2020, they re-signed with the Seahawks on September 3, 2020. They were conditionally reinstated from suspension on December 3, and the NFL announced they could be eligible to play in the last two weeks of the regular season. On December 21, 2020, Gordon was added to the Seahawks active roster after the NFL ruled them eligible to return from their suspension. One day later, the NFL determined that Gordon had broken the terms of their conditional reinstatement, and the Seahawks were again given a roster exemption for him. Their conditional reinstatement was rescinded, and they were suspended indefinitely by the NFL again on January 15, 2021. They were released by the Seahawks on March 4, 2021.
FCF Zappers
On February 27, 2021, Gordon signed with the FCF Zappers of the Fan Controlled Football League while being suspended from the NFL. They played two games for the Zappers while catching seven passes for 100 yards and three touchdowns.
In their first week, Gordon had 4 catches for 70 yards and the walk off Hail Mary helping the Zappers move to 2-2.
Kansas City Chiefs
Gordon applied for reinstatement from NFL suspension in July 2021 and was reinstated in September 2021. After being reinstated from suspension, Gordon signed with the Kansas City Chiefs' practice squad on September 28, 2021. They were signed to the active roster on October 5, 2021. In the Chiefs week 14 game against the Las Vegas Raiders, they caught a 1-yard touchdown. It was their first touchdown since 2019. On December 13, they tested positive for COVID-19 and was placed on the Reserve/COVID-19 list. They were reactivated on December 22.
The Chiefs chose to make Gordon a healthy inactive for the 2021 Wild Card round game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. They were waived by the Chiefs on January 24, 2022, and re-signed to the practice squad. They signed a reserve/future contract with the Chiefs on February 2, 2022.
Gordon was waived by the team on August 30, 2022.
Tennessee Titans
On September 1, 2022, Gordon was signed to the Tennessee Titans' practice squad.
On September 19, 2022, Gordon made their Titans' debut against the Buffalo Bills on Monday Night Football.
Career statistics
NFL
Fan Controlled Football
Records and achievements
NFL records
Most consecutive games, 200+ yards receiving: 2 (November 24, 2013, 237 yards; December 1, 2013, 261 yards)
Browns franchise records
Most receptions, game: 14 on (November 24, 2013 against the Pittsburgh Steelers; tied with Ozzie Newsome, 1984)
Most receiving yards, game: 261 yards (December 1, 2013 against the Jacksonville Jaguars)
Most receiving yards, season: 1,646 yards (2013)
Most receiving yards per game, season: 117.6 (2013)
100+ receiving yard games, season: 7 (2013)
References
External links
Seattle Seahawks bio
Baylor Bears bio
1991 births
Living people
Lamar High School (Houston, Texas) alumni
American football wide receivers
American sportspeople of Haitian descent
Baylor Bears football players
Cleveland Browns players
New England Patriots players
Players of American football from Houston
Unconferenced Pro Bowl players
Seattle Seahawks players
Fan Controlled Football players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Tennessee Titans players
Latasha Nashay Byears (born August 12, 1973) is a former American professional women's basketball player. They played in the WNBA for the Sacramento Monarchs, the Los Angeles Sparks, the Washington Mystics, and for the Houston Comets. Byears ranked eighth all-time in the WNBA in field goal percentage (.514) and was among the top 10 rebounders in the league's history as of 2003.
Nicknamed "Tot", Byears usually played the position of power forward. However, the openly lesbian Byers became associated with legal controversy outside of their basketball career.
College years
Born in Memphis, Tennessee, Byears grew up in Millington, Tennessee and went to high school in nearby Arlington, Tennessee. Afterwards, Byears played two years in Northeastern Oklahoma A&M, located in Miami, Oklahoma. They later transferred to DePaul University in Chicago, where they averaged 22.8 points and 11.7 rebounds per game during the 1995–1996 season, a performance that earned them a first team All-American. On 23 January 2011 Byears inducted to DePaul Athletic Hall of Fame.
WNBA career
Despite not being selected at the first WNBA Draft, the Sacramento Monarchs invited Byears to their training camp prior to their inaugural season in 1997. Byears then starred for the Monarchs for the next four seasons.
After the 2000 season ended, Byears was traded to the Los Angeles Sparks, where they were a crucial part of a championship win for the team. They were arrested on March 1, 2001 for driving under the influence of marijuana. Because of this, they had to miss the first match of the 2001 regular season due to a suspension. On July 11, 2002, they fought Michelle M. Marciniak on the court in a game against the Seattle Storm. On July 12, 2002, the WNBA fined their $1,000 and banned them for 2 matches. However, following a June 5, 2003 Sparks game, Byears and three men unconnected to the Sparks were investigated for an alleged rape of a WNBA player. Byears was cut by the Sparks a few days after the alleged incident. Four months later, in light of Kobe Bryant's rape allegations and how the Los Angeles Lakers, who owned the Sparks at the time, supported Bryant during the controversy. Byears sued the Lakers, accusing the team of double standard. Byears felt that it was unfair that they were never charged and was cut; Bryant's case was settled, yet they still continued to play and represent the team in media. The criminal proceedings were closed in August 2005 due to insufficient evidence, and Byears' lawsuit against the Lakers was settled months later. Shortly after settling the lawsuit, Byears returned to the WNBA after a two-year absence, signing with the Mystics.
In 2007, Byears signed a free agent contract with the Houston Comets. They were briefly waived in 2008, before being re-signed. The Comets organization folded at the end of the 2008 season. Byears, as an unrestricted free agent, was not eligible for selection by another team in the resulting dispersal draft, and was not signed by another team prior to or during the 2009 season.
Overseas career
In October 2001 Byears joined the EuroLeague final four participant and Hungarian National League champion MiZo-Pécsi VSK. They played only two matches, on 15 November 2001 travel back the United States.
In November 2006 Byears joined the Bulgarian team of CSKA Sofia. They won the Bulgarian Championships and Bulgarian Cup.
Byears played for Leszno in Poland during the 2008–09 WNBA off-season.
Career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1997
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 28 || 19 || 23.4 || .459 || .200 || .739 || 6.9 || 1.7 || 1.4 || 0.3 || 2.4 || 8.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1998
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 30 || 26 || 27.6 || .453 || .222 || .663 || 6.6 || 1.0 || 1.4 || 0.4 || 2.4 || 14.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1999
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 32 || 32 || 22.0 || .537 || .000 || .565 || 5.3 || 1.0 || 1.1 || 0.2 || 1.9 || 9.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2000
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 32 || 0 || 16.3 || .524 || .500 || .612 || 3.8 || 0.7 || 0.9 || 0.2 || 1.1 || 5.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"|2001†
| style="text-align:left;"|Los Angeles
| 32 || 13 || 23.1 || style="background:#D3D3D3" |.602° || .333 || .577 || 5.7 || 0.9 || 1.3 || 0.4 || 1.2 || 9.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"|2002†
| style="text-align:left;"|Los Angeles
| 26 || 5 || 18.7 || .618 || .000 || .566 || 5.4 || 0.5 || 0.7 || 0.2 || 0.8 || 7.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2003
| style="text-align:left;"|Los Angeles
| 5 || 0 || 14.4 || .400 || .000 || .727 || 4.2 || 0.4 || 0.0 || 0.4 || 0.4 || 5.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2006
| style="text-align:left;"|Washington
| 26 || 0 || 12.8 || .449 || .000 || .800 || 3.3 || 0.4 || 0.5 || 0.1 || 1.4 || 4.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2007
| style="text-align:left;"|Houston
| 30 || 0 || 10.9 || .591 || .000 || .583 || 2.5 || 0.5 || 0.8 || 0.2 || 1.2 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2008
| style="text-align:left;"|Houston
| 11 || 0 || 4.2 || .471 || .000 || .667 || 1.1 || 0.1 || 0.3 || 0.0 || 0.1 || 1.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Career
| style="text-align:left;"|10 years, 4 teams
| 252 || 95 || 18.7 || .515 || .233 || .635 || 4.8 || 0.8 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 1.5 || 7.7
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|1999
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 1 || 1 || 24.0 || .000 || .000 || .500 || 10.0 || 0.0 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 3.0 || 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2000
| style="text-align:left;"|Sacramento
| 2 || 0 || 6.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 1.0 || 0.0 || 0.5 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"|2001†
| style="text-align:left;"|Los Angeles
| 7 || 0 || 14.6 || .500 || .000 || .643 || 4.0 || 0.3 || 0.4 || 0.6 || 0.7 || 6.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;background:#afe6ba;"|2002†
| style="text-align:left;"|Los Angeles
| 6 || 2 || 21.3 || .633 || .000 || .364 || 4.8 || 0.8 || 1.5 || 0.2 || 1.7 || 7.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|Career
| style="text-align:left;"|4 years, 2 teams
| 16 || 3 || 16.6 || .521 || .000 || .519 || 4.3 || 0.4 || 0.9 || 0.3 || 1.1 || 5.5
Notes
External links
WNBA Player Profile
USA Today sexual assault article
ESPN article on their hopes for returning to the WNBA
ESPN article on their return to the WNBA
http://www.nydailynews.com/archives/sports/battle-sex-byears-lawsuit-outs-wnba-conflict-gay-issue-article-1.650609
1973 births
Living people
All-American college women's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Bulgaria
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Memphis, Tennessee
DePaul Blue Demons women's basketball players
Houston Comets players
Jiangsu Phoenix players
Lesbian sportswomen
LGBT basketball players
LGBT people from Tennessee
LGBT sportspeople from the United States
Los Angeles Sparks players
Northeastern Oklahoma A&M Lady Norse basketball players
People from Millington, Tennessee
Power forwards (basketball)
Sacramento Monarchs players
Washington Mystics players
Gamil Atia Ibrahim جميل عطية إبراهيم (1937 in Egypt, specifically Giza – April 10, 2020, in Basel, Switzerland).  They are an Egyptian novelist and writer. In addition, they are one of the founders of the literary magazine (Gallery 68) as they were one of the pioneers of the sixth literary movement. The most prominent work is (Joining the Sea) and their trilogy (1952) which was ranked by the Arab Writers Union among the best a hundred Arab novels, (1954 papers) and (1981).
Bibliography
Gamil was born in Giza Governorate year 1937. They obtained various academic certificates that led them to work in several jobs. However, before graduating from their university, they worked as an account clerk specifically in textile factory (Shubra Al Khaymah). Next, they worked as a music teacher for children as well as a teacher of arithmetic, algebra and engineering for junior high schoo l in Egypt. Soon, they joined Al Imam Al Asili School in Morocco (Asilah). Through this experience, they wrote their novel (Asilah). After graduating from university, they published some stories and worked as a both financial and administrative inspector in Ministry of Youth back in the sixties. After that, they remained in mass culture until they traveled to Switzerland year 1979, after moving to mass culture because of the following professors: Naguib Maffouz, Saad Eddin, Wahba and Yaqoub Al Shaouni. As a reporter for number of Arab newspapers, they worked and translated for the United Nations.
Works
Joining the Sea
The Sea is not Full
Asilah
Scheherazade on Geneva Lake
The Treasure of Talking
1952
1954 Papers
1981
A Palm on Edge
Alexandria Papers
A Matter of Barbarianism
Other Works
Side Talks (Short story collection)
Salah Issa participated in a book (The Conspiracy, Balfour Promise) 2_11_1917
Death
Gamil died on April 10, 2020, at the age of 83, in a nursing home in the Swiss city of Basel. They spent the last two years in home after suffering from Alzheimer's disease.
References
Egyptian novelists
Egyptian male writers
1937 births
2020 deaths
People from Giza Governorate
Moca chelacma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found on Samoa. Its type locality is Malololelei on the island of Upolu.
References
Moths described in 1927
Immidae
Endemic fauna of Samoa
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of Oceania
Unit Structures is a 1966 studio album by free jazz pianist Cecil Taylor, released by Blue Note Records.
Background
Unit Structures was Taylor's first album on Blue Note. They released Conquistador! on the label in the same year, with a similar lineup. Jesse Jarnow of Pitchfork described the album as "among the most intense of the early free jazz albums".
The album was accompanied with an essay written by Cecil Taylor, titled Sound Structure of Subculture Becoming Major Breath/Naked Fire Gesture.
Critical reception
AllMusic gave the album five stars, with reviewer Scott Yanow opining that "Taylor's high-energy atonalism fit in well with the free jazz of the period but they were actually leading the way rather than being part of a movement... In fact, it could be safely argued that no jazz music of the era approached the ferocity and intensity of Cecil Taylor's". The Penguin Guide to Jazz awarded it three and a half stars (of a possible four), writing "Unit Structures is both as mathematically complex as its title suggests and as rich in colour and sound as the ensemble proposes, with the orchestrally varied sounds of the two bassists — Grimes a strong, elemental driving force, Silva tonally fugitive and mysterious — while Stevens and McIntyre add other hues and Lyons improvises with and against them."
In 2008, Cokemachineglow included it on the "30 'Other' Albums of the 1960s" list. In 2013, Spin included it on the "Top 100 Alternative Albums of the 1960s" list. In 2017, Pitchfork placed it at number 197 on the "200 Best Albums of the 1960s" list.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Performers
Eddie Gale – trumpet
Jimmy Lyons – alto saxophone
Ken McIntyre – alto saxophone, oboe, bass clarinet
Cecil Taylor – piano, bells
Henry Grimes – double bass
Alan Silva – double bass
Andrew Cyrille – drums
Production and additional personnel
Alfred Lion – producer
Rudy Van Gelder – recording engineer
Francis Wolff – photography
Reid Miles – design
Cecil Taylor – liner notes
Michael Cuscuna – reissue producer (1987 CD reissue)
Ron McMaster – digital transfer (1987 CD reissue)
References
External links
1966 albums
Blue Note Records albums
Cecil Taylor albums
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Mula is a barrio in the municipality of Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,842. In Mula barrio is part of the Aguas Buenas urban zone.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Mulas and Sonadora barrios was 1,183.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
External links
Barrios of Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico
The Iloilo Accord is an academic consortium between three Philippine universities: the Central Philippine University, Silliman University, and Trinity University of Asia. Historically, these universities have regarded each other as sister schools having been founded by American Protestant missionaries belonging to three denominations: Baptists, Presbyterians, and the Episcopalians (the latter in local partnership with Aglipayans). Funded by the United Board for Christian Higher Education in Asia (UBCHEA), its aims are laid out as follows:
References
External links
Central Philippine University Official website
Silliman University Official website
Trinity University of Asia Official website
Christian universities and colleges
Higher education in the Philippines
USS Lamson (DD-328) was a built for the United States Navy during World War I.
Description
The Clemson class was a repeat of the preceding although more fuel capacity was added. The ships displaced at standard load and at deep load. They had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . They had a crew of 6 officers and 108 enlisted men.
Performance differed radically between the ships of the class, often due to poor workmanship. The Clemson class was powered by two steam turbines, each driving one propeller shaft, using steam provided by four water-tube boilers. The turbines were designed to produce a total of intended to reach a speed of . The ships carried a maximum of of fuel oil which was intended gave them a range of at .
The ships were armed with four 4-inch (102 mm) guns in single mounts and were fitted with two 1-pounder guns for anti-aircraft defense. In many ships a shortage of 1-pounders caused them to be replaced by 3-inch (76 mm) guns. Their primary weapon, though, was their torpedo battery of a dozen 21 inch (533 mm) torpedo tubes in four triple mounts. They also carried a pair of depth charge rails. A "Y-gun" depth charge thrower was added to many ships.
Construction and career
Lamson, named for American Civil War naval hero Roswell Lamson, was laid down 13 August 1919 by Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation, San Francisco, California; launched 1 September 1920; sponsored by Miss Annette Rolph; and commissioned 19 April 1921.
After shakedown, Lamson was assigned to the Atlantic Fleet, arriving Charleston, South Carolina, 28 December 1921. From 1921 to 1925, the destroyer operated along the east coast and in the Caribbean, participating in fleet maneuvers, war games, and reserve training cruises.
Assigned to the U.S. Naval Forces in Europe, Lamson departed Boston, Massachusetts 18 June 1925 for operations in European and Mediterranean waters. Returning to the United States 1 year later, Lamson rejoined the Scouting Fleet and resumed exercises and maneuvers along the Atlantic coast and in the Caribbean.
Fate
The destroyer continued these operations until they decommissioned at Philadelphia 1 May 1930. Lamson was sold 17 January 1931 to Boston Iron & Metal Company, Baltimore, and scrapped 18 October 1934.
Notes
References
External links
http://www.navsource.org/archives/05/328.htm
Clemson-class destroyers
Ships built in San Francisco
1920 ships
Ships built by Union Iron Works
The following is a list of the prominent islets or volcanic stacks in the archipelago of the Azores:
Corvo
Ilhéu de Lagoinhas
Flores
Ilhéu Maria Vaz
Ilhéu do Monchique
Ilhéu Alagado
Graciosa
Ilhéu da Praia
Ilhéu de Baixo
Ilhéu da Baleia
Ilhéu da Gaivota
Ilhéu do Navio
Ilhéus do Barro Vermelho
Ilhéus da Ponta da Barca
Pico
Ilhéus da Madalena
Ilhéu Delgado
Ilhéu Escamirro
Ilhéu Pesqueiro
Ilhéu das Moças
São Jorge
Ilhéus dos Rosais
Ilhéu do Topo
São Miguel
Ilha Sabrina (historic)
Ilhéus dos Mosteiros
Ilhéu de Vila Franca
Ilhéu de Rosto de Cão
Santa Maria
Ilhéu da Vila
Ilhéu de Lagoinhas
Ilhéus das Formigas
Terceira
Ilhéus das Cabras
Fradinhos
Ilhéu do Norte
References
islets
FarSite Communications Limited is a privately owned designer, developer and manufacturer of communications and smart city products. FarSite was founded in 1998 and has headquarters in Basingstoke, United Kingdom and a second location in Guangzhou City, China. FarSite was founded by a team of people formerly working for Racal Datacom Limited and The Software Forge Limited.
FarSite products are sold worldwide both direct and through a number of local distributors and resellers. FarSite also provide development services to other companies needing communications or systems level development expertise.
Products
FarSite Communications' products include the following:
netBin Container Fill Level Monitoring System
nLok Container Access Control Solution
Liquinet Liquid Level Monitoring Solution
FarSync PCI, PCIe and PCMCIA cards
FarSync Flex USB communications device
FarLinX Gateway appliances
Communications software products
Various communications protocols are supported by the PC-based communications cards on both Linux and Windows operating systems, including
X.25
PPP - Point-to-Point Protocol
Cisco HDLC
Frame Relay
HDLC
Bitstreaming for Digital Audio Broadcasting and VOIP
The Communications Gateways provide TCP to X.25 and X.25 to XOT interworking.
Awards
In 2009, FarSite Communications Limited was awarded the Queen's Award for Enterprise, the United Kingdom's most prestigious award for business performance.
References
External links
FarSite Communications Limited
FarSite IoT website
Technology companies established in 1998
Telecommunications equipment vendors
Networking hardware companies
Privately held companies of the United Kingdom
1998 establishments in England
British companies established in 1998
Qianyou may refer to:
Qianyou Subdistrict (乾佑街道), a subdistrict in Zhashui County, Shaanxi, China
Historical eras
Qianyou (乾祐, 948–951), era name used by Liu Chengyou, emperor of Later Han, later continued by the Northern Han emperors Liu Chong and Liu Chengjun until 956
Qianyou (乾祐, 1170–1193), era name used by Emperor Renzong of Western Xia
Henning-Tahy Wars, was a series of armed conflicts and legal disputes between faction centered around Ursula Meknitzer Henning and faction centered around Ferenc Tahy, over the control of Susedgrad castle. Throughout their strife for the possession of this castle, the rival nobles also attempted to incite its rival's peasants against their own master, which was one of the causes for major Croatian-Slovene Peasant Revolt in 1573.
Background
Susedgrad was an important castle on western banks of Medvednica mountain. The castle served as an overwatch over trade route along Sava river valley. It was originally built somewhere between 13 and 14th century. Throughout the history, the castle changed several owners, until one of the owners - Andras Bathory, sold its share of the possession to Franjo Tahy in 1564, as they never are in Susedgrad anyway, due to their service in Hungary. This caused a long conflict between Tahis and Hennings which owned the remaining share of the possession.
Knowing that this partial sale of Susedgrad to Tahy, might upset the remaining owners, Tahy was secretly brought to Susedgrad by royal representative and Kaptol deputy. Upon finding out about this, the remaining owners led by Ursula Henning became very upset and protested against Tahy's arrival, saying that the whole process was illegal. According to historian Krivošić, Ursula actually had the right of first purchase but the ruler ignored the law because of Tahys wartime merits. Tahy also refused to give in to Ursula, and attempted to use their good family connections to win their case.
Conflicts
Tahy asserts power
Once moved in, Tahy had Ursula and their family completely isolated from the outside world. They deployed 40 of their soldiers to hold Hennings hostage inside. Tahy also started their cruel treatment of local peasants and forbade them to make contact with Ursula. Ursula then complained to the king about Tahy's behaviour, but without much success.
Hennings expel Tahys
In 1565, when Tahy was away fighting the Ottomans in Hungary, Ursula Henning assembled the 800 strong army of local peasants, who then came to Susedgrad and purged Tahy's family out and looted their possessions worth 25 000 Forints. Tahy then complained to the ruler, but Ursula refused to obey to their orders. Upon learning of violent Henning takeover, ban of Croatia, Peter Erdody, assembled their own army and marched them off to Susedgrad in order to punish Ursula and re-install Tahys back to their possession.
The Battle of Susedgrad
Upon learning this, Ursula's ally - Croatian viceban Ambroz Gregorijanec, along with other Henning family members again assembled 3000 strong peasant armies. Hennings deployed their peasant army both inside the fortress and on nearby ambush positions. On 2 July 1565, ban's army consisting of few hundred cavalrymen, few hundred haramijas and three cannons arrived on plains below Susedgrad castle. On the eve of July 3rd, Erdody's army approached close to Susedgrad and started bombarding it with cannon fire.
Henning's peasants who awaited in ambush, swiftly attacked the ban's army and in "short but bloody skirmish", killed many of Erdody's men, some of whom drowned in Sava river while trying to flee. Throughout the battle, Henning's peasant army completely defeated the army of Croatian ban and even managed to capture 3 cannons and banner of Croatian ban in the process. They also gravely wounded distinguished nobles such as Petar Keglević and Petar Ratkay, who had to be treated for their wounds in Zagreb. Although most of their army was annihilated near the castle, Erdody refused to withdraw completely, but went on to raid Susedgrad seigniory countryside.
Restoration of Tahy
Because of waging a battle against the state authorities, Gregorijanec was relieved of their position of viceban on Croatian sabor on 25 July 1566, while Ursula was trialed against.Tahy also forced Hennings to lay off their officials who assembled the peasant army and prepared the battle. In 1566., Tahy was again brought in on their half of Susedgrad-Stubica seigniory, while its remaining half was confiscated by Royal Chamber, until the court case against Ursula was resolved. Tahy used this opportunity to make their revenge against those peasants and officials who fought or sided with Ursula against him. Their Henning adversaries, also sent complaints of their own against Tahy to the king. Eventually, the investigation was launched, and it was concluded with a giant, six meters long list of accusations for all sorts of brutalities against Tahy, since lots of witnesses spoke against him. The investigation also further sparked the peasant movement against Tahy.
While Ursula was banned from Susedgrad by the state because they fought a battle against ban's army in 1566, Tahy's continuous and constant strifes with the peasants on their estate culminated in Croatian - Slovene Peasant Revolt of 1573. Soon after the revolt was crushed, Tahy died in 1573.
End of the conflict
In 1584, the Hennings bought again Tahy's part of the estate for price of 44 000 Forints, which had put an end to this years long conflict.
In popular culture
1565 Battle of Susedgrad was described in August Šenoa's 1877 novel Seljačka buna.
Litterature
Enciklopedija Hrvatskog zagorja, Leksikografski zavod Miroslav Krleža, Zagreb, 2017.
Klaić, Vjekoslav, Povijest Hrvata, knjiga peta, Nakladni zavod Matice hrvatske, Zagreb, 1988.
References
Peasant revolts
16th century military history of Croatia
16th-century rebellions
Blood and Money (formerly titled Allagash) is a 2020 American thriller film directed by John Barr and starring Tom Berenger. It is Barr's feature directorial debut.
Plot
Jim Reed lives in an RV near the woods of Maine during the winter.  They are a former Marine who served in the Vietnam War and a recovering alcoholic, being a year sober.  They are divorced and their ex-wife is now dead, while their daughter died in a freak accident at a young age (which Jim is thought to have caused due to drunk driving).  They are also estranged from their son. One afternoon, while changing a tire, they begin to spit up blood and passes out, indicating they may have cancer. Jim hunts "game" (deer) for meat, and goes into town for their other supplies. Having few relationships, they eat breakfast regularly at a diner where they share a friendship with Debbie, a waiter and working class mother unhappy with their marriage and general life. One night, after going to the local bar and considering drinking, they go to the VFW's A.A. meeting, where they meet George, an Iraq war veteran and, as Jim finds out, Debbie's husband.
One evening, while hunting, Jim shoots what they think is a deer, but discovers that he's accidentally shot a young woman who says to Jim "you are a dead man" before dying. Panicked, they flee the woods and goes to town's bar, where they order shots of whiskey, then yells at the bartender when they joke about them falling "off the wagon." Watching the television, they discover that the woman was part of a five-person crew that robbed $1.2 million from a casino and viciously killed three security guards and injuring twelve civilians. Realizing they left a cigarette butt near the dead woman's body, they hurry out back into the woods.
Jim gets the cigarette butt and takes the bag of money that is near the dead woman's body. They soon runs into George, who is hunting game. Jim tries to convince George to turn back, but George refuses. The other four members from the robbery crew are near at hand, armed with semi-automatic rifles. They search the dead woman's body, but not finding the money now notice that Jim and George are fleeing. George is shot in the leg. While hiding behind some trees, Jim watches helplessly as George is executed when Jim, knowing nothing about the money, cannot tell them where it is. Jim hides, moving again during dusk. They hide the money in a cave. They return to their RV, only to find that the robbers have set it ablaze.  They are shot in the shoulder and barely escapes. Jim finds a logging site and rests for the night in the office. The next day, they leave a note for the supervisor, takes a revolver and leaves, going into a section of the woods where they can't be tracked. Soon after Jim gets away from an attack by one of the robbers, whom they kill with the revolver, they discover that the robber's machine gun has been emptied, but takes it anyway. They find another robber at the river and hides. They attack the robber and gets into a brief scuffle, killing the man by knocking them into the river with the gun they took from the other robber. However, Jim falls into the river also, losing the second robber's rifle.
Jim spends the night in the cave, burning some of the money to keep warm. They wake up the next morning and tries to start another fire, only to discover that the lighter doesn't work. They find Debbie's car on the road, but it won't start. Venturing further, they stumble upon the last two robbers: a father and son. The father heads out to find Jim, but the son stays at the vehicle to urinate. Jim ambushes them and shoots them with their revolver, which causes the young man's semiautomatic to shoot and disable the pickup truck. The young man let's Jim know that the girl Jim accidentally shot was their girlfriend, and despite their plea of "being even" with Jim, Jim kills them with the revolver. Jim takes the robber's semiautomatic, but again finds that the gun has been emptied while shooting.
Without any further bullets for their revolver, Jim tracks the father and calls them out. The father captures Jim, forcing them to take them to the money at gunpoint. The father taunts Jim about their daughter's death and their divorce, and threatens to kill Jim's son after they get the money from Jim. Jim responds by telling the father that they killed their son. The father goes into a fit of rage. As they go to shoot Jim, Jim spits up blood into their face, and uses the distraction to tackle the man and push them both off a steep hill. The fall leaves the father incapacitated, having broken an arm and a leg. Barely alive, Jim gets up and starts walking, but they have been severely wounded from the combination of the fall and blood loss after being shot two days earlier. Jim accepts their fate, and lies peacefully on the ground. A heavy snow starts to fall, which will bury both men.
The next day, the manager at the logging site finds Jim's note at the office and drives to town, leaving it at the restaurant where Debbie works. When Debbie starts reading and sees that Jim sketched a map for them to find the cave where the money bag is hidden (together with the line "this is for you and for your kids") they apparently believe it to be a prank or otherwise worthless, so they rip it in half and throws it away. Seconds later, they come back and recovers it from the trash can.
Cast
Tom Berenger ... Jim Reed
Kristen Hager ... Debbie Thibault
Jimmy LeBlanc ... George Thibault
Release
Screen Media Films acquired the North American distribution rights to the film in March 2020.
The film was released on VOD & Theaters on May 15, 2020.
Reception
The film has rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The site's critical consensus reads, "Blood and Money gives Tom Berenger a too-rare opportunity to take the spotlight -- along with a middling script that falls back too often on action movie clichés." Jeffrey M. Anderson of Common Sense Media awarded the film two stars out of five. Odie Henderson of RogerEbert.com awarded it two and a half stars.
John DeFore of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review, calling it "a welcome vehicle for its star, who has been underused by filmmakers for decades."
References
External links
2020 thriller films
American thriller films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Mount Kempe () is a peak, high, midway between Mount Huggins and Mount Dromedary in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) which named it for Sir Alfred Bray Kempe, at that time Treasurer of the Royal Society. Auster Pass is a high pass between Mount Huggins and Mount Kempe.
References
Mountains of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
EyesOn Design are a series of events including an annual car show and a fundraiser for the Detroit Institute of Ophthalmology. It has become a national event focused on the emotion and character of automotive design.
History
The Eyes on Design Show was established in the late 1986 as both celebration of automotive design and a fundraiser for the Detroit Institute of Ophthalmology, a nonprofit organization in Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan, devoted to matters pertaining to the eye and vision.
The first shows were called "Eyes On The Classics" and were held in the Grosse Pointe Academy parking lots. Initially focused on the domestic "Big Three" (General Motors, Ford and Chrysler), the show was expanded to include automakers from around the world. The name was also changed to "EyesOn Design". For its third show, the venue moved to the grounds of the Edsel and Eleanor Ford House.
To ease access and accommodate the increasing public attendance, the design chiefs at DaimlerChrysler, Ford, and General Motors suggested that the event be hosted by one of their companies each year. The 2002 show was held at the Chrysler Headquarters and Technology Center in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The theme for this 15th anniversary weekend-long show was "Performance Vehicles".
In 2003, the General Motors Technical Center in Warren, Michigan hosted the event. According to General Motors, the 2003 event was the largest, most complete collection of concept vehicles ever assembled representing the very best efforts of GM, Ford, Chrysler, and other automakers. The three-day event was also the first time the GM Design Center was open to the general public. Attendees also had the opportunity to purchase rides in notable GM concept cars.
A Founding Chairman of the annual EyesOn Design event, Chuck Jordan, was commemorated during the January 2011 North American International Auto Show in Detroit. The EyesOn Design show celebrated its 25th anniversary during summer 2012, on the grounds of the Edsel and Eleanor Ford House with over 200 vehicles displayed by invitation only.
Design focus
The "Eyes on Design Show" has grown from an East Side show to an automobile exhibition of national and international significance.
According to the Ford Motor Company, the Eyes on Design Show is the world's only car show to focus on the emotion and character of automotive design.
Bringing together some 250 concept cars in one place is the secret of the show's success that has been driven by the enthusiastic assistance of automotive design executives. In addition to vehicles from various automakers, the event also features concept cars by invitation from some of the world's most renowned vintage automobile collectors and restorers.
The vehicles shown at the annual event are by invitation. Judging in numerous classes is "based not on the quality of the restoration or authenticity"; rather it is on the basis of their "the design character, emotional appeal and artistic excellence of the vehicle."
Lifetime Design Achievement
The EyesOn Design celebrations include the prestigious "Lifetime Design Achievement" award. This recognition is given to an accomplished automotive designer selected by previous winners of this award.
2019 - Leonardo Fioravanti
2018 - Edward T. Welburn
2017 - Syd Mead
2016 - Stewart Reed
2015 - Patrick Le Quément
2014 - Peter Schreyer
2013 - Wayne Cherry
2012 - Chris Bangle
2011 - Walter de'Silva
2010 - Shiro Nakamura
2009 - Willie G. Davidson
2008 - Robert A. Lutz
2007 - Marcello Gandini
2006 - Jack Telnack
2005 - Chuck Jordan
2004 - Charles Pelly
2002 - Tom Gale
2001 - Giorgetto Giugiaro
2000 - Design Visionaries of the 20th Century
1999 - Dick Teague
1998 - George W. Walker
1997 - Bruno Sacco
1996 - General Motors Styling Staff, 1937-1972
1995 - The Raymond Loewy Studebaker Design Team and the Porsche family
1994 - Homer LeGassey and Nuccio Bertone
1993 - LeBaron Carrossiers
1992 - William Lyons
1991 - Harley Earl and Sergio Pininfarina
1990 - Virgil Exner and Eugene T. "Bob" Gregorie
1989 - Strother MacMinn and Bill Mitchell
1988 - Gordon Buehrig
References
External links
Official EyesOn Design information
Auto shows in the United States
Design events
Vehicle design
What If?, subtitled The World's Foremost Military Historians Imagine What Might Have Been, also known as What If? The World's Foremost Historians Imagine What Might Have Been, is an anthology of twenty essays and fourteen sidebars dealing with counterfactual history. It was published by G.P. Putnam's Sons in 1999, , and this book as well as its two sequels, What If? 2 and What Ifs? of American History, were edited by Robert Cowley. It was later combined with What If? 2 to form The Collected What If?.
Cowley decided to create the book after several "What if?" articles were published in the Military History Quarterly, which they edit, and received much attention.
Essays
"Infectious Alternatives" by William H. McNeill
What if a plague had not forced the Assyrians to withdraw from their siege of Jerusalem in 701 BC?
"No Glory That Was Greece" by Victor Davis Hanson
What if the Persians had won the Battle of Salamis?
"Conquest Denied" by Josiah Ober
What if Alexander the Great had died at the Battle of the Granicus River?
"Furor Teutonicus: The Teutoburg Forest, A.D. 9" by Lewis H. Lapham
What if Varus had defeated Arminius at the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest?
"The Dark Ages Made Lighter" by Barry S. Strauss
What if the battles of Adrianople in 378 and Poitiers in 732 had been won by the Romans and the Muslims, respectively?
"The Death That Saved Europe" by Cecelia Holland
What if Ogadai Khan had not died in 1241 on the eve of the Mongol siege of Vienna?
"If Only It Had Not Been Such a Wet Summer" by Theodore K. Rabb
What if Suleiman the Magnificent had begun their 1529 siege of Vienna earlier in the year?
"The Immolation of Hernán Cortés" by Ross Hassig
What if Cortés had been killed or their expedition into Aztec-dominated Mexico had failed? (The essay discusses La Noche Triste, the near-destruction of Cortés' force in 1520, as a key possibility of a point of divergence.)
"The Repulse of the English Fireships" by Geoffrey Parker
What if the Spanish Armada had successfully landed in England?
"Unlikely Victory" by Thomas Fleming
What if the Americans lost the Revolutionary War? (Thirteen ways are presented here.)
"What the Fog Wrought" by David McCullough
What if George Washington and their forces had not escaped after losing the Battle of Long Island?
"Ruler of the World" by Alistair Horne
What if Napoleon Bonaparte had chosen to do several things differently?
"If the Special Order 191 Hadn't Been Lost" by James M. McPherson
What if Robert E. Lee hadn't lost Special Order 191 during the Maryland Campaign and had been able to march through the Union state of Pennsylvania and the border state of Maryland without fighting the Battle of Antietam?
"A Confederate Cannae and Other Scenarios" by Stephen W. Sears
What if the Civil War had not lasted as long as it did? (Five ways are presented here.)
"The What Ifs of 1914" by Robert Cowley
What if the United Kingdom had remained neutral in World War I? (This and four other possibilities are presented here.)
"How Hitler Could Have Won the War" by John Keegan
What if the Wehrmacht had turned toward the Middle East instead of the Soviet Union?
"Our Midway Disaster" by Theodore F. Cook, Jr.
What if the Japanese had won the Battle of Midway?
"D Day Fails" by Stephen E. Ambrose
What if the Allied invasion of Europe had failed in June 1944?
"Funeral in Berlin" by David Clay Large
What if American and not Soviet forces had taken Berlin in 1945? What if the Berlin airlift had failed? What if German reunification had occurred in 1952? Etc.
"China Without Tears" by Arthur Waldron
What if the Chinese Civil War had ended with Chiang Kai-shek not marching to retake Manchuria from Mao Zedong and the Communists?
Reviews
"Probably the most interesting nonfiction historical fiction was What If?: The World's Foremost Military Historians Imagine What Might Have Been (Putnam, 1999). Its editor, Robert Cowley, persuaded two dozen historians to write essays on how a slight turn of fate at a decisive moment could have changed the very annals of time." —The New York Times
"The essays collected in What If? are sober extrapolations from historical fact. Even so, they're a lot of fun. They remind us of the slender threads on which our past hangs. One small break—at Poitiers or on Long Island, at Gettysburg or in Berlin—might have unraveled the entire tapestry of modern history." —CNN
"Those and other provocative 'counterfactuals' are the topic of the intriguing What if?, a compilation of essays by 34 distinguished historians... Each essay testifies to the fact that history hangs by a thread." —Houston Chronicle
See also
What If? 2
What Ifs? of American History
References
1999 non-fiction books
American non-fiction books
G. P. Putnam's Sons books
Alternate history anthologies
Essay anthologies
Cultural depictions of Alexander the Great
Cultural depictions of Chiang Kai-shek
Cultural depictions of Dwight D. Eisenhower
Cultural depictions of Adolf Hitler
Cultural depictions of Robert E. Lee
Cultural depictions of Abraham Lincoln
Cultural depictions of Napoleon
Cultural depictions of George Washington
1999 anthologies
Graeme Wood may refer to:
Graeme Wood (business person) (born 1947), Australian entrepreneur and environmentalist
Graeme Wood (cricketer) (born 1956), Australian former cricketer
Graeme Wood (journalist) (born 1979), American journalist and academic
See also
Graham Wood (disambiguation)
Shane Connaughton (born 4 April 1941 in Kingscourt, County Cavan) is an Irish writer and actor, probably best known as co-writer of the Academy Award-nominated screenplay for My Left Foot. They also co-wrote the screenplays for the Academy Award-winning 1980 short film The Dollar Bottom and 1992 film The Playboys, as well as other screenplays and plays. They won the Hennessy Award in 1985.
Connaughton is the author of the books A Border Station (1989), The Run of the Country (1991), and Big Parts (2009). They adapted The Run of the Country for the screen in 1995 and published a book about its filming, A Border Diary, the same year. A Border Station, a short story collection, was a bestseller in Ireland and was shortlisted for the Guinness Peat Award. Their first two books are both set in the County Cavan village of Redhills, where they grew up, and The Playboys and The Run of the Country were filmed there.
Connaughton attended Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and has worked as a theatre and film actor, appearing in Coronation Street, Mike Leigh's Four Days in July, Neil Jordan's The Miracle, and The Playboys, among other roles.
Connaughton is married and has two children. They live in London much of the time.
Notes
External links
1941 births
Living people
Irish writers
People from County Cavan
Alumni of Bristol Old Vic Theatre School
Irish male film actors
Irish male television actors
The 2016–17 1. FSV Mainz 05 season is the 112th season in the football club's history and 8th consecutive and 11th overall season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2009. In addition to the domestic league, Mainz will also participate in this season's edition of the domestic cup, the DFB-Pokal. This will be the 6th season for the club in the Opel Arena, located in Mainz, Germany. The stadium has a capacity of 34,034. The season covers a period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.
Players
Squad
Competitions
Overview
Bundesliga
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
DFB-Pokal
UEFA Europa League
Group stage
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Last updated: 13 May 2017
Clean sheets
Last updated: 7 May 2017
Disciplinary record
Last updated: 20 May 2017
References
Mainz 05, 1. FSV
1. FSV Mainz 05 seasons
Mainz
"Ghosts 'n' Stuff" is an electro house song by Canadian electronic music producer Deadmau5 featuring vocals by Australian producer Rob Swire. Its instrumental was released as a single on October 27, 2008, and re-released with vocals on September 27, 2009. The latter was featured on Deadmau5's fourth studio album For Lack of a Better Name.
Background
The original version of "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" was made in 2004, and Joel Zimmerman has stated that it "ended up going through at least 10 revisions". Zimmerman and Rob Swire had been coincidentally meeting each other backstage at various festivals and agreed to collaborate. The vocal melodies performed by Swire were inspired by Chris Isaak's song Wicked Game. The song was made originally specifically for Pete Tong's BBC Radio 1 Essential Selection show on October 10, 2008. Deadmau5 was a guest on the show along with Steve Angello (the two, with Tong, were playing a live set in Manchester, England on that night). Deadmau5 debuted the song to a live audience at the HARD Haunted Mansion 2008 in Los Angeles, California.
The "hard intro" version of one B-side of the single, "Moar Ghosts 'n' Stuff" (which appears on the mixed version of For Lack of a Better Name) features a new intro containing a vocal sample from the 1957 film The Brain from Planet Arous and a quote of the funeral march by Chopin. This version of the track also contains a new lead melody which Deadmau5 has said was inspired by the main melody of Stevie Wonder's Superstition.The unmixed version released on October 20, 2009 replaces this version with the original mix, which excludes the vocal sample and the funeral march intro.
Music video
A music video promoting the single was released in August 2009 and was directed by Colin O'Toole. It was shot in Toronto, Ontario.
The video begins with Joel Zimmerman being rushed into a hospital, before dying within minutes of arrival.  They are then revived as a ghost, and attempts to pass through the walls but cannot. They leave the hospital and wanders around town, getting a tattoo of a Space Invader alien and running into a gang of other ghosts. After an unpleasant trip to a restaurant and a laundromat, Joel attends a rave with several people also dressed in costumes. At the party, someone wears a Mau5head pulls the white sheet off, as Joel is revived back in the hospital. They find the Space Invader tattoo which they got as a ghost remaining on their neck.
The music video was uploaded to Ultra Music's YouTube channel on August 19, 2009, and has since acquired over 61 million views.
Release
The song's instrumental was released as a single through Mau5trap and Ultra on October 27, 2008, as a digital download single and 12" vinyl with its B-side "Peddler of Misery". The vocal edit featuring Rob Swire was released as a digital download single and EP on September 27, 2009. Another vinyl version was released in 2009, with the original instrumental mix and "Moar Ghosts 'n' Stuff".
The song peaked at number 12 in the United Kingdom on the UK Singles Chart week beginning October 4, 2009. It also placed at number 96 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2009. In the United States, "Ghosts 'n' Stuff" received exposure from use in TV shows such as America's Best Dance Crew and heavy radio airplay. In the May 15, 2010 issue of Billboard, the track reached number one on the magazine's Hot Dance Airplay chart after 24 weeks of charting, thus making the single the longest climb to number one ever on the chart, as well as the first single to reach the top spot after it had dropped off, then returned to the chart.
Track listings
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
2008 singles
2008 songs
Deadmau5 songs
Songs about ghosts
Songs written by Deadmau5
Songs written by Rob Swire
Ultra Music singles
For the software testing tools, see xUnit.
The x unit (symbol xu) is a unit of length approximately equal to 0.1 pm (10−13 m). It is used to quote the wavelength of X-rays and gamma rays.
Originally defined by the Swedish physicist Manne Siegbahn (1886–1978) in 1925, the x unit could not at that time be measured directly; the definition was instead made in terms of the spacing between planes of the calcite crystals used in the measuring apparatus. One x unit was set at of the spacing of the (200) planes of calcite at 18 °C.
In modern usage, there are two separate x units, which are defined in terms of the wavelengths of the two most commonly used X-ray lines in X-ray crystallography:
the copper x unit (symbol xu(Cu Kα1)) is defined so that the wavelength of the Kα1 line of copper is exactly 1537.400 xu(Cu Kα1);
the molybdenum x unit (symbol xu(Mo Kα1)) is defined so that the wavelength of the Kα1 line of molybdenum is exactly 707.831 xu(Mo Kα1).
The 2006 CODATA recommended values for these units are:
1 xu(Cu Kα1) = ,
1 xu(Mo Kα1) = .
See also
Ångström
Ångström star
References
Units of length
Customary units of measurement
X-rays
Germa is an ancient town now in Libya.
Germa may also refer to:
Germa (Galatia), a town of ancient Galatia, now in Turkey
Germa (Mysia), a town of ancient Mysia, now in Turkey
See also
Jerma (disambiguation)
Ward is an unincorporated community in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. Its ZIP code is 36922.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Sumter County, Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Uledi is an unincorporated community in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The community is located along Pennsylvania Route 21 west of Uniontown. Uledi has a post office with ZIP code 15484, which opened on April 14, 1902.
References
Unincorporated communities in Fayette County, Pennsylvania
Unincorporated communities in Pennsylvania
A crux gemmata (Latin for jewelled cross) is a form of cross typical of Early Christian and Early Medieval art, where the cross, or at least its front side, is principally decorated with jewels. In an actual cross, rather than a painted image of one, the reverse side often has engraved images of the Crucifixion of Jesus or other subjects.
Examples in metalwork are the Cross of Justin II (6th century, in the Vatican Museums), the 'crumpled cross' in the Staffordshire Hoard (8th century), the Cross of Lothair (10th century, Aachen Cathedral Treasury), the Iberian Cross of the Angels and Victory Cross, and the Cross of Cong (1120s?, National Museum of Ireland).
History of use
In the Late Antique and Early Medieval periods, many objects of great significance, such as reliquaries, were studded with jewels in a style that in recent centuries has been restricted to crowns and other coronation regalia and small pieces of jewellery. In the case of the cross, such decorative embellishment was especially common, and the jewelled cross is a specific type that was represented in paint, mosaic, carved ivory and other media. The cross very often has splayed ends to its arms, but the proportions of the vertical axis to the horizontal one depends entirely on the needs of the composition, and varies greatly. Pendilia, or hanging jewels or ornaments, may hang from the arms, especially the letters alpha and omega shaped in gold. The motif is first seen in a sarcophagus fragment from the late 4th century; the splayed ends of the arms are present from the earliest examples.
In depictions of the cross, such as that in the mosaic in Santa Pudenziana, Rome (384–9), the jewelled cross stands on a hill or mound with a backdrop of a panoramic view representing Jerusalem, with the cross itself representing the New Jerusalem or "heavenly city". The jewelled cross also served as a symbol of the Christian version of the Tree of Life, especially when the arms are shown putting out shoots from their corners. The Staffordshire Hoard 'crumpled cross' has vine leaves showing at the corners and represents Jesus the vine. It is sometimes shown on a mound representing paradise, with four rivers flowing down it (the four rivers were understood as representing the Four Gospels); a stepped base represents the hill in actual crosses or more confined depictions. The link of the cross generally with the Tree of Life appears frequently in the hymns of Venantius Fortunatus. Sharp (2016) has shown to interlace on the front of the Staffordshire Hoard cross corresponds with the river or tree of life described in Revelation 22. 1-2.
The use of large jewelled crosses as processional and military crosses stems from the victory of Constantine over their rival Maxentius at the Battle of the Milvian Bridge outside Rome in 312 AD. The vision of Constantine led to theirs having a large golden gem-studded processional cross made and the adoption of the cross as a standard by Christian armies.
For much of the period, a large jewelled cross is recorded as decorating the presumed site of the Crucifixion, around which the Church of the Holy Sepulchre had been built. It was presented by the Eastern Emperor Theodosius II (reigned 408–450). The Empress Helena, mother of Constantine in the early 4th century allegedly discovered part of the True Cross, at a time when interest in the cross was increasing, in part due to its use as a standard by the Roman Army under Constantine their son.
The paradox whereby the instrument of execution is rendered the vehicle of Christ's triumph in the Resurrection remains to the present day a central theme in Christian devotion, and the jewelled cross was one of its first visual manifestations.
Although it is clear that the cross was associated with Christians from a very early period, and the sign of the cross was made by Christians, it is rarely seen in the earliest Christian art, such as that in the Catacombs of Rome, where there are only about 20 crosses, though the anchor, which appears more commonly, was a disguised cross symbol. There was resistance to representations of the cross with the body of Christ on it, a practice that did not begin until the 5th century, becoming more common in the 6th.
One of the earliest representations of a Crucifixion scene rather oddly shows the three crosses of the gospel accounts, with the two thieves hanging in place on theirs, but with Christ standing at the foot of his. The fierce Christological disputes of the period saw the Monophysites, who rejected the human nature of Christ, objecting to the depiction of their body on the cross, and this influenced the use of the empty cross, especially in Byzantine-controlled areas such as Ravenna, where several of the Emperors had Monophysite sympathies. It was the Nestorians, another heretical force of the opposite persuasion, who helped to popularize images of Christ on the cross.
In so-called "mystical" images, such as the apse mosaic at the Basilica of Sant' Apollinare in Classe, Ravenna (549), the jewelled cross stands specifically as a symbol for Christ. A poem by St Paulinus of Nola allows a reconstruction of a mosaic apse they had (as bishop) commissioned in the basilica of St Felix of Nola at Cimitile in the early 5th century. The whole Trinity was shown, represented by a Hand of God for God the Father at the top, above a large crux gemmata with stars in a circular frame, so very similar to Sant' Apollinare in Classe, and below that a dove for the Holy Spirit. At the bottom of the semi-dome were twelve lambs, six on each side, with a haloed Lamb of God on a raised hillock in the centre, looking up. The bottom of the mosaic at Santa Pudenziana in Rome originally also had a bottom level with this.
The crux gemmata is commonly seen on coins, often held by a figure of Victory, especially in the Eastern Empire. Another common Byzantine coin type shows a cross with a stepped base, which should be understood as a crux gemmata even though scale does not normally allow any indication of gems.
Contrary to the assertion of Dan Brown in The Da Vinci Code, it is not especially typical for a cross to have thirteen gems, though when one does, it probably does symbolize Jesus Christ and their Twelve Apostles. The apse mosaic in the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls (c. 1220) has an example with thirteen jewels, but examples from the first millennium generally have more. It is not usual to use the term "crux gemmata" for crosses from more recent periods, especially for small crosses that fall under the category of jewellery.
Notes
References
Friesen, Ilse E., The Female Crucifix: Images of St. Wilgefortis Since the Middle Ages, Wilfrid Laurier University Press, 2001, , google books
Hellemo, Geir. Adventus Domini: eschatological thought in 4th-century apses and catecheses, BRILL, 1989, , google books
Schiller, Gertrud, Iconography of Christian Art, Vol. I, 1971 (English trans from German), Lund Humphries, London,
Schiller, Gertrud, Iconography of Christian Art, Vol. II, 1972 (English trans from German), Lund Humphries, London,
Eduard Syndicus; Early Christian Art, Burns & Oates, London, 1962
Wernher, Martin, The Liudhard Medalet, in Anglo-Saxon England, Volume 20, eds. Michael Lapidge, Malcolm Godden, Simon Keynes, Cambridge University Press, 1992, , google books
Sharp, Robert (2016). The Hoard and Its History: Staffordshire's Secrets Revealed. Brewin Books, .
External links
Christian iconography
Crosses by form
Medieval art
Khasanov or Khassanov is a masculine surname.
People
Abdusalom Khasanov, amateur boxer from Tajikistan
Ibragim Khasanov, Soviet sprint canoer
Numon Khasanov, Uzbekistani footballer
Murat Khasanov, Russian Sambist and Judoka
Rushan Khasanov, Russian footballer
Roman Khassanov, Kazakhstani tennis player
Julia Nompi Mavimbela (20 December 1917 – 16 July 2000) was a schoolteacher and community leader in South Africa. When public schools were closed because of the 1976 Soweto uprising, Mavimbela taught schoolchildren in Soweto how to garden and how to read. Mavimbela later co-founded Women for Peace, an organization for women of all races to work for democracy in South Africa. In 1981 they joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and served in local church leadership.
Education and marriage
Mavimbela was chief monitor in college, where they oversaw the care of 300 girls. After obtaining their teaching certificate, they studied for two years, specializing in kindergarten teaching. At a school in Boxburg, they became the first woman principal. After Mavimbela's mother died, they married John Mavimbela, one of the founders of the Black Chamber of Commerce in Soweto, and helped their husband run a butcher shop in Eastern Native Township. On June 9, 1955, John was killed while driving home from work when their car was hit by an oncoming vehicle, leaving them widowed with their several children. The police blamed John for the accident, even though the head-on collision occurred on their side of the road, because they said that Blacks were careless drivers.
Career
In the late 1980s Mavimbela was working as a school teacher at a Catholic School in South Africa. In the late 1970s Mavimbela had worked as a social worker.
Community leadership
Community gardening
After the Soweto uprising in 1976, public schools were closed for two years. Mavimbela gathered local school children and taught them how to read while creating community gardens with them. The group was called "Junior Gumboots" after the black boots that miners wear.
When gardening with the students in Soweto, Mavimbela told them, "Let us dig the soil of bitterness, throw in a seed, show love, and see what fruits will grow. Love will not come without forgiving others. Where there was a bloodstain, a beautiful flower must grow."
Women for Peace
Mavimbela co-founded Women for Peace, a group for all races that aimed to have a peaceful transition to true democracy in South Africa. From 1984–1986, Mavimbela was co-president with Denise Valente. Women for Peace supported initiatives important to women. The group asked storekeepers to indicate that powdered milk products should not be fed to infants and asked that school teachers be paid more money. Women for Peace also petitioned for making common-law marriages easier to obtain and for the Matrimonial Property Act, which allows a widow to have their deceased husband's property instead of the eldest son. They also petitioned for integrated playgrounds and prison reform.
Mavimbela was a vice president of the group National Women of South Africa, and president of the Transvaal Region of the National Council of African Women.
Membership in LDS Church
Mavimbela joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in 1981. They have since served as a Relief Society president and a public affairs director in the church. In 1985 when the Johannesburg South Africa Temple was dedicated Mavimbela was among the first temple workers in it.
In 1989 Mavimbela was a speaker at BYU's women's conference. In 1995, they were honored at Brigham Young University for "outstanding contribution to a profession, a community, a religion." They were featured in the LDS Church video Lives of Service.
In 1991 Mavimbela served as an LDS public affairs missionary for the Africa area with Mary Mostert as their companion. In this position they contacted many leading politicians with information on the US constitution during the time South Africa was formulating the structure of its post-Apartheid government.
Works
See also
Black Mormons
Black people and Mormonism
References
See also
Garr, Arnold K. et al. Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History. (Salt Lake City: Deseret Book, 2000), p. 721-722
External links
Oral history interview with Julia Mavimbela, MSS 1937 Series 6 box 15 folders 14-15, L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University
1917 births
2000 deaths
Converts to Mormonism
South African leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Black Mormons
South African educators
Harold B. Lee Library-related 20th century articles
The Five Stars is a family pop band who has recorded many albums of well known and original Samoan and pacific songs. The reference of "Five Stars" in the band's name denotes the five stars on the national flag of Samoa. With more than 18 albums in production, they sit alongside Punialava'a and Tiama'a as some of the Pacific's most well known bands.
History
Formed in 1974, in Auckland, New Zealand, the Five Stars were mainly a family outfit. They consisted of brothers Alofa and Solomona (Soloman) Tu'uga and their relatives Samu Poulava-Selesele, Faifua Fa'atoe and Uili Misa. They were also initially managed by Afoa Tu'uga, who was the father of Alofa and Solomona Tu'uga. They were Hibiscus Records most prolific recording artists and during their career they released nine albums on vinyl LP and compact cassette and received two awards. One was a Gold Discs award and in 1986 the other was a New Zealand Music Award. In the 1990s most or all of their LP catalogue was released on compact disc.
In April 2006, band leader, Alofa Tuuga Stevenson died in Brisbane, Australia.
A current version of the band continues as The Five-Star Band with some remaining members and their family members.
Line up
Samu Poulava-Selesele - (lead vocals)
Alofa Tu'uga aka Alofa Tu'uga Stevenson - (lead guitar, died 18 April 2006)
Uili Misa - (bass guitar)
Faifua Fa'atoe - (rhythm guitar)
Solomona Tu'uga aka Solomona Stevenson - (drums)
Other members
Steve Reupena-Stevenson (bass, guitar, drums, percussion).
Ross Uele
Sam Poulava-Selesele
Willie Misa
Sam Faifua Faatoe (died 30 July 2011)
Achievements
Platinum discs
Samoan Style
Samoa Matalasi
Gold discs
Popular Songs of Samoa
Samoa with love
Welcome to Samoa
Pua Samoa
Live at the Rainmaker Hotel
Musika Malie
Children of Polynesia
Flower of Samoa
LP Releases
Popular songs of Samoa, Hibiscus records HLS-84 - (1980)
Fetu e Lima, Hibiscus Records HLS-87 - (1981)
CD releases
The Five Stars
Samoan Style (Popular Songs of Samoa), HLS-084, (1990)
Samoa Matalasi - (My Beautiful Samoa), HLS-087
Live At The Rainmaker Hotel, HLS-090
Samoa With Love, HLS-092
Welcome to Samoa, HLS-094, (1995)
Musika Malie (Good Music), HLS-097
Flower of Samoa Matou, HLS-108, (1998)
The Five Stars Collection Vol 1(Popular Songs of Samoa), HLS-132
The Five Stars Collection Vol 2, (Popular Songs of Samoa), HLS-158, (1994)
The Five Stars Collection Vol 3, (Popular Songs of Samoa), HLS-160, (1996)
Siva Mai, HLS-175, (1998)
Lalelei pea oe Samoa, HKLS-180
Meiona with The Five Stars
I Love You, HLS-143
Alofa
Alofa, HLS-199
References
External links
Samoan catalogue, www.kiwipacific.com
Samoan music
Hibiscus Records artists
Musical groups established in 1974
Norman David McDonald (10 December 192528 November 2002) was an indigenous Australian sportsman best known as an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL). Hailing from the Gunditjmara tribe, McDonald was the first indigenous player to represent Essendon. They were also an accomplished sprinter and boxer.
War Service
Lying about their age, McDonald enlisted in the Australian Army during World War II as a sixteen year old. They served for two years in the Northern Territory before transferring to the Australian Parachuting Training Centre in December 1944, qualifying after two months, and then returning to active duties. They were discharged in October 1946.
Football
Essendon (VFL)
After finishing their war service, McDonald played in the premiership teams in 1949 and 1950 and won the Essendon Best and Fairest award in 1951.
Although their attacking style of play sometimes resulted in goals to the opposition, captain-coach Dick Reynolds encouraged McDonald to continue to play their natural game. They played their 100th game in 1952.
Golden Square (BFL)
In 1954, McDonald was cleared from Essendon, and was appointed captain-coach of the Golden Square Football Club in the Bendigo Football League, in place of ex-North Melbourne footballer Harry Green. McDonald left the club before the end of the 1954 season, and their position was filled for the remainder of the season by the team's full-back, Vin Lapsley. Footscray's (1954) premiership half-back flanker Alan Martin took over as Golden Square's captain-coach in 1955.
Other sports
A noted sprinter, McDonald ran second in the (Monday, 14 April 1952) final of the 1952 Stawell Gift to their Essendon Football Club teammate, Lance Mann; and, two days later (Wednesday, 14 April 1952) he, once again, ran second to Mann — in the final of the Bendigo Easter Gift.
The Easter Gift was an entirely different race from the Bendigo A Thousand that had been conducted earlier that year from 8—10 March 1952: "McDonald suffered a financial setback when they backed themselves heavily to win the Bendigo A Thousand and was beaten by 1ft. in their semi-final in time equal to 6yds., 2ft. inside evens — their best run of the season."
McDonald also ran second to Mann in the 1952 Lilydale Backmarkers Handicap on 22 March 1952.
Besides running, McDonald was also a featherweight boxer who fought in 23 professional bouts, winning 5 and losing 18. Most of them at the former West Melbourne Stadium.
Death
McDonald died peacefully on 28 November 2002 at the Footscray Hospital. Essendon's then chief executive Peter Jackson released the following statement on hearing of their passing:
Norm McDonald contributed in a number of ways both on and off the field. They were a passionate Essendon man and followed the team with interest even after their playing days. Being honoured as a Champion of Essendon earlier this year is a testament to the quality player they are.
McDonald is buried at Altona Memorial Park.
Posthumous Honours
In 2005, McDonald was named on the half-back flank of the Indigenous Team of the Century.
In 2018 they were inducted into the Victorian Aboriginal Honour Roll in recognition of their pioneering efforts for greater inclusion of Indigenous people in Australian Rules, especially in Victoria, as well as their contribution to their community for their fight against oppression and racism.
References
Bibliography
Maplestone, M., Flying Higher: History of the Essendon Football Club 1872–1996, Essendon Football Club, (Melbourne), 1996.
Ross, J. (ed), 100 Years of Australian Football 1897–1996: The Complete Story of the AFL, All the Big Stories, All the Great Pictures, All the Champions, Every AFL Season Reported, Viking, (Ringwood), 1996.
External links
Norm McDonald, Boyles Football Photos.
Profile at Aboriginal Victoria
Essendon Football Club players
Essendon Football Club Premiership players
1925 births
2002 deaths
Indigenous Australian players of Australian rules football
Crichton Medal winners
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian male sprinters
Two-time VFL/AFL Premiership players
Yelkenler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 138 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Aonach Shasuinn (888 m) is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It lies in Inverness-shire, on the southern side of Glen Affric.
Taking the form of a steep-sided ridge, the peak can either be climbed from Glen Affric or Glen Moriston in the south. The nearest village is Cannich.
References
Marilyns of Scotland
Corbetts
Mountains and hills of the Northwest Highlands
Routhpuram Halt railway station is a halt railway station on Khurda Road–Visakhapatnam section, part of the Howrah–Chennai main line under Khurda Road railway division of East Coast Railway zone. It is situated at Routhpuram in Srikakulam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
History
In between 1893 and 1896, the coastal railway track from Cuttack to Vijayawada was built and opened to traffic by East Coast State Railway. The route was electrified in several phases. Khurda–Visakhapatnam section was completely electrified by 2002 and Howrah–Chennai route was fully electrified in 2005.
References
Railway stations in Srikakulam district
Khurda Road railway division
Mullapudi Harischandra Prasad, (28 July 1921 – 3 September 2011) was an Indian politician and industrialist from Andhra Pradesh. They were the chairperson and managing director of the Andhra Sugars Group and also the managing director of Andhra Petrochemicals and the President of the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI). They started Andhra Sugars in 1947 – one of the first industries set up in Independent India and hence called "Andhra Birla". They established the first aspirin factory in India and created a rocket fuel unit that supplied to Indian Space Research Organisation.
They were originally from the town of Tanuku in Andhra Pradesh, born to Mullapudi Thimmaraju and Venkataramanamma, from a Kamma Zamindar family.
Prasad was elected twice as a member of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly representing the Indian National Congress. Later when the Telugu Desam Party was formed they are known to have played a key role in the party.
Prasad set up educational and medical trusts. They played an important role in establishing Rangaraya Medical College, Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh and SMVM Polytechnic, Tanuku, Andhra Pradesh. They also established Mullapudi Venkata Ramanamma Memorial Hospital and Research Centre in Tanuku, Andhra Pradesh.
Professional career
Chairman and managing director, Andhra Sugars Limited
Executive Director, Andhra Petrochemicals Limited, Visakhapatnam
managing director, Andhra Chemicals Corporation
Director, Elecon Engineering Co. Ltd. Vallabh Vidyanagar
Director, Andhra Foundry & Machine Tools Ltd.
Chairman, Jayalakshmi Oil and Chemical Industries Limited (Jocil Ltd.)
Chairman and managing director, Sree Satyanarayana Spinning Mills Ltd, Tanuku
Jayalakshmi Fertilizers
Chairman, Sree Akkamamba Textiles Ltd.
Political career
Secretary in the AP Congress Committee from 1946 to 1955
Member of state Legislative Council in Common Madras in 1952
Elected MLA from Tanuku twice in 1955 and 1961
First chairperson of the Tanuku municipality in 1981
Awards and honours
Honorary Doctorate by Nagarjuna University
U.B. Raghavendra Rao Memorial Award
President, Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FAPCCI)
Lifetime Achievement Award at Z24 hours Telugu news channel's Industrial Awards
Telugu Thalli award from Government of Andhra Pradesh
References
External links
Andhra Sugars Website
Andhra Petro-Chemicals Website
Telugu people
2011 deaths
1921 births
Businesspeople from Andhra Pradesh
People from West Godavari district
Something Personal is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1967.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4½ stars and stated "this album is an excellent showcase for the often-overlooked Jack Wilson".
Track listing
All compositions by Jack Wilson except as indicated
"Most Unsoulful Woman" - 6:53
"The Sphinx" (Ornette Coleman) - 5:07
"Shosh" - (Blues in F) 8:59
"Serenata" (Leroy Anderson) - 6:58
"Harbor Freeway 5 P.M." - 7:12
"C.F.D." - 4:58
"One and Four" [aka. "Mr. Day"] (John Coltrane) - 4:51 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded on August 9 (4, 6-7) and August 10 (1-3, 5), 1966.
Personnel
Jack Wilson - piano
Roy Ayers - vibes
Ray Brown - bass (#3-6), cello (#1-2)
Charles 'Buster' Williams - bass (#1-2)
Varney Barlow - drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Jack Wilson (jazz pianist) albums
1967 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
"Lucky Star" is a song by Swedish singers Carola Häggkvist & Andreas Johnson. It was released as digital download on 15 January 2008 in Sweden. It reached number 13 on the Swedish Singles Chart
Charts
Release history
References
2008 singles
Andreas Johnson songs
Male–female vocal duets
2008 songs
Carola Häggkvist songs
Song articles with missing songwriters
Warner Music Group singles
Royden John Harrison (3 March 1927 – 30 June 2002) was a British labour historian.
They were born in London and educated at King Alfred's School, Hampstead, before being evacuated to Canada and Australia because of the Second World War. They attended a progressive school in Australia, where they were tutored in logic and philosophy by an Austrian-Jewish refugee.
They read Philosophy, Politics and Economics at St Catherine's College, Oxford, after they won an ex-servicemen's scholarship. Here they were tutored by G. D. H. Cole, who also oversaw Harrison's doctorate in English Positivism. While at Oxford they met their future wife, Pauline Cowan, who was a molecular biologist. After they were both awarded PhDs, they took up posts at Sheffield University, where they became a lecturer in 1955. It was here, with Kenneth Alexander and John Hughes, that they founded day-release educational courses for miners from Derbyshire and Yorkshire. Harrison also represented the National Union of Public Employees on Sheffield's trades and labour council.
Harrison was a member of the Communist Party of Great Britain until 1956, when they joined the Labour Party. In 1960 they helped found the Society of the Study of Labour History and became editor of its bulletin (which was later renamed the Labour History Journal).
In 1965 they were appointed senior lecturer at Bernard Crick's Department of Political Theory and Institutions at Sheffield before they became reader in 1969. In 1971 they succeeded E. P. Thompson as Professor and Director of Warwick University's Centre for the Study of Social History. Here they oversaw the founding of the modern records centre for storing the papers of the Trades Union Congress and the Confederation of British Industry, as well as those of other unions and businesses. Harrison also created a research programme in which they adapted methods used in the natural sciences, which they had learnt from their wife.
Harrison contributed an essay to the first volume of Essays in Labour History in 1960. In their first book, Before the Socialists (1965), they employed a "history from below" perspective to study the relationship between labour and politics during 1861–1881. They also edited a collection of essays from what they called their "student collective" at Warwick: The Independent Collier was published in 1978 and, according to John Halstead, it "transformed the study of the miners". Divisions of Labour (1985) focused on the "labour aristocracy".
Works
Before The Socialists: Studies in Labour and Politics, 1861–1881 (Routledge: 1965; 2nd edn, Gregg Revivals, 1994).
(editor), The English Defence of the Commune (Merlin, 1971).
(editor), The Independent Collier: The Coal Miner as Archetypal Proletarian Reconsidered (Harvester, 1978).
(editor with J. Zeitlin), Divisions of Labour: Skilled Workers and Technological Change in Nineteenth Century Britain (Harvester, 1985).
The Life and Times of Sidney and Beatrice Webb, 1858-1905: The Formative Years (Macmillan, 1999).
Notes
Further reading
John McIlroy and John Halstead, 'A Very Different Historian: Royden Harrison, Radical Academics and Suppressed Alternatives', Historical Studies in Industrial Relations 15 (Spring 2003), pp. 113–143.
1927 births
2002 deaths
Alumni of St Catherine's College, Oxford
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Academics of the University of Warwick
Labor historians
Pere Tutusaus Vila is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1990 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
Motorcycle racers from Catalonia
125cc World Championship riders
FIM Superstock 1000 Cup riders
Lisgobban is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Dungannon Middle and the civil parish of Clonfeacle and covers an area of 135 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: lios gobbain (Little snout like fort) or Lios Gobáin (Gobban's fort/enclosure).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 72 people (12 houses) and in 1851 it was 37 people (8 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a Bivallate rath: Lisgobban Fort (grid ref: H8108 5485).
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
Civil parish of Clonfeacle
The Ambassador of Australia to Iraq is an officer of the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade and the head of the Embassy of the Commonwealth of Australia to the Republic of Iraq in Baghdad. The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary and is currently held by Dr Joanne Loundes since January 2018. Iraq and Australia have enjoyed official diplomatic relations since the Australian government of Gough Whitlam recognised the Iraqi Republic in 1973. Contacts between Australia and Iraq however were much earlier, dating back to British Mandatory Iraq and the British Protectorate Kingdom of Iraq from 1935.
On 2 December 1973, Foreign Minister Don Willesee announced that Iraq and Australia would establish diplomatic relations with the Australian Ambassador in Beirut to be accredited to Iraq. A resident Ambassador was not appointed until 1976, with Neil Truscott becoming the first resident Ambassador in early 1977. With the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait starting the First Gulf War in August 1990, relations between the two countries became severely strained and diplomatic relations were severed in January 1991 with the withdrawal of Ambassador Peter Lloyd immediately prior to Operation Desert Storm. Relations remained severed until the overthrow of the regime of Saddam Hussein and the establishment of the Australian Mission in Baghdad on 3 May 2003, immediately following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. This was upgraded to an embassy 29 June 2004 following the transfer of sovereign authority to the Iraqi Interim Government.
Office-holders
Ambassadors to Iraq, resident in Beirut
Ambassadors to Iraq, resident in Baghdad
See also
Foreign relations of Australia
References
External links
Australian Embassy, Iraq
Ambassadors of Australia to Iraq
Iraq
Australia
The 15 Khordad Foundation () is one of the organizations created in Iran in 1982 on orders of Ruhollah Khomeini that intend to fix the economic issues of the families of martyrs, veterans, and founders of the Iranian Revolution. This foundation is one of the Revolutionary Institutions of the Islamic Republic of Iran and is under the supervision of the Office of the Supreme Leader.
The 15 Khordad Foundation in reality was a supplementary office to the Foundation of Martyrs and Veterans Affairs. The scope of its activities included: the creation of the 15 Khordad Cultural and Literary Association, collection of documents regarding the 1963 demonstrations in Iran, organizing commemoration ceremonies, construction of the 15 Khordad Dam near Qom, and regulating the supply of drinking water in Qom, and many more.
The foundation is one of the organizations under the supervision of the Supreme Leader. After its creation, the foundation was under the supervision of a council appointed by Khomeini, of which one of the members was Habibollah Asgaroladi.
The foundation offered a $2.8m bounty for the murder of Salman Rushdie.
See also
Office of the Supreme Leader
1963 demonstrations in Iran
Foundation for the Preservation and Publication of Sacred Defense Works and Values
References
Government agencies of Iran
Foundations based in Iran
Government agencies established in 1982
1982 establishments in Iran
Revolutionary institutions of the Islamic Republic of Iran
Hennesy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carolyn Hennesy (born 1962), American actor and writer
Dale Hennesy (1926–1981), American art director
Sean Hennesy, American guitarist
Tom Hennesy (1923–2011), American actor and stuntman
See also
Hennessy, world-leading cognac house
Hennessey (disambiguation)
Beștemac is a commune in Leova District, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Beștemac and Pitești.
References
Communes of Leova District
Thaddeus Cho Hwan-kil (; born 7 November 1954) is a Korean prelate of the Catholic Church.  They are the tenth and current Archbishop of Daegu, having been appointed by Pope Benedict XVI in 2010.
Early life
The fourth of eight children, Cho was born in Dalseong County, Daegu, to Raymund Cho Sun-jo (조순조 라이문도, d. 2000) and Nympha Na Il-nam(나일남 님파).
Priesthood and Auxiliary Bishop of Daegu
After being ordained to the Priesthood in 1981, Cho served as the Pastor of Deoksoo Parish and Hyeonggok Parish of Daegu, Director of Gwandeokjeong Martyrs' Memorial in Daegu, President of Maeil Newspaper of Daegu, and was appointed as an Auxiliary Bishop of Daegu and Titular Bishop of Abbir Maius on March 23, 2007. They received their episcopal consecration on the following April 3 from Archbishop John Choi Young-su, with Bishop John Chrisostom Kwon Hyok-ju, Bishop of Andong and Bishop Augustine Cheong Myong-jo, Bishop of Busan serving as co-consecrators. They chose as their episcopal motto: Sicut erat in principio, et nunc, et semper, et in saecula saeculorum, meaning "Both now and always, and unto the ages of ages" (처음과 같이 이제와 항상 영원히).
With Archbishop John Choi Young-su's resignation in 2009, Cho had been acting as the Vicar General of the Daegu until 2010.
Archbishop of Daegu
On June 25, 2002, Cho was appointed the tenth Archbishop of Daegu by Pope Benedict XVI. They were formally installed at the Gyesan-dong Cathedral of Our Lady of Lourdes on December 20, 2010. They received the pallium, a vestment worn by metropolitan bishops, from Pope Benedict XVI on June 29, 2011, in a ceremony at St. Peter's Basilica.
References
External links
Profile from the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Korea
Profile from Catholic Hierarchy
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in South Korea
Living people
1954 births
People from Daegu
Roman Catholic archbishops of Daegu
The Ministry of Justice of Eritrea assumes responsibilities such as the following: drafting new laws, regulating the admission and directives of the legal profession, and overseeing the budgetary and personnel affairs of the judiciary. Yet, with regard to the Special Court, the judiciary usually turns to the Ministry of Defense (rather than the Ministry of Justice) for legal and technical assistance. The Ministry of Justice might also provide legal training on matters pertaining to the courts. As recent as 2013, organizations such as the UNDP have been aiding the Ministry of Justice in expanding its human resources and institutional capacity.
List of ministers (Post-1991 when the Eritrea declared independence)
Fozia Hashim (1993-present) [1st Minister of Justice / 1st female]
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Eritrea
References
Eritrea
Justice
The bare-eyed white-eye (Zosterops superciliosus) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae. It is endemic to Rennell Island in the Solomon Islands.
References
Further reading
bare-eyed white-eye
Birds of Rennell Island
bare-eyed white-eye
Taxa named by Alfred John North
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
See also Linia, Corfu.
Linia () is a town in Chad, lying 30km east of N'Djamena. It is known for its large market.
Populated places in Chad
At the Gates of Utopia is the second studio album by the Italian symphonic black metal band Stormlord.
Track listing
"Under the Samnites' Spears" – 6:50
"I Am Legend" – 5:07
"Xanadu (A Vision in a Dream)" – 4:21
"And Winter Was" – 4:16
"At the Gates of Utopia" – Instrumental – 2:25
"The Curse of Medusa" – 6:33
"The Burning Hope" – 6:21
"A Sight (Inwards)" – 4:40
"The Secrets of the Earth" – 6:18
Personnel
Cristiano Borchi - vocals
Pierangelo Giglioni - Guitar
Francesco Bucci - Bass
Simone Scazzocchio - keyboards
David Folchitto - drums
Guests
Volgar dei Xacrestani - opera vocals, narration, clean singing
2001 albums
Stormlord (band) albums
Scarlet Records albums
Alvaro Eduardo Roca Despeyroux (born 16 October 1939) is a Uruguayan basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Uruguayan men's basketball players
1959 FIBA World Championship players
1963 FIBA World Championship players
Olympic basketball players of Uruguay
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nan (, ) is a town in northern Thailand. It is north of Bangkok. It is in the centre of Nan Province which bears its name, and of which it is the former administrative capital. It covers tambon Nai Wiang and parts of tambon Pha Sing of Mueang Nan District, an area of divided into 30 chumchon. In 2010 it had a population of 21,333 spread along the Nan River's right bank. Nan is a small city, primarily devoted to commercial, administrative, educational, and hospital activities. The old heart of the city, where Wat Phumin, the national museum and other tourist attractions are found, is being restored.
History
Nan for centuries was a separate, autonomous kingdom with few relationships with the outside world. There is evidence of prehistoric habitation, but it wasn't until several small mueang united to form Nanthaburi on the Nan River in the mid-14th century, contemporaneously with the creation of Luang Prabang and the Lan Xang (Million Elephants) kingdom in Laos, that the city became notable. Associated with the Sukhothai Kingdom, the mueang took the title Wara Nakhon and played a significant part in the development of early Thai nationalism.
By the end of the 14th century Nan was one of the nine northern Thai-Lao principalities that formed Lanna. The city-state flourished throughout the 15th century under the name Chiang Klang ('middle city'), a reference to its position roughly midway between Chiang Mai ('new city') and Chiang Thong ('golden city'), today's Luang Prabang).
The Burmese took control of the kingdom in 1558 and deported many of the inhabitants to Burma as slaves; the city was deserted until northern Thailand was retaken from the Burmese in 1786. The local dynasty then regained local sovereignty and it remained semi-autonomous until 1931 when Nan finally accepted full Bangkok dominion. Part of its territory had been annexed to Laos by the French in the late-19th century.
Parts of the old city wall and several early wats dating from the Lanna period can be seen in contemporary Nan. The city's wats are distinctive; some temple structures show Lanna influence, while others belong to the Thai Lue legacy brought from Xishuangbanna in China, where the Thai Lue people originated.
Climate
Culture
Wat Phumin is the city's most well-known wat. It is located near the Nan National Museum. The fifteenth century Wat Phra That Khao Noi overlooks the city and the golden Phra Buddha Maha Udom Mongkhon Nanthaburi, Sri Nan is enshrined there. The city has a lak muang (city pillar), Wat Ming Mueang, at the center of the city.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Tourism Authority of Thailand: Nan
Oriental Architecture profile - photos of 12 sites in Nan with GPS calibrated map
Populated places in Nan province
Cities and towns in Thailand
Otto Heller (1896–1970) was a Czech cinematographer.
Otto Heller may also refer to:
Otto Heller (author) (1863–1941), author and academic
Otto Heller (ice hockey) (1914–?), Swiss ice hockey player
The Galle Gladiators (GG) is the franchise cricket team based in Galle, Southern Province, Sri Lanka which has been playing in the Lanka Premier League (LPL) since the first edition of the tournament in 2020. They were the five teams to compete in the 2021 Lanka Premier League. The team was captained by Bhanuka Rajapaksa and coached by Umar Gul.
Current squad
Players with international caps are listed in bold.
denotes a player who is currently unavailable for selection.
denotes a player who is unavailable for rest of the season.
Administration and support staff
Teams and standings
Results by match
Points table
League stage
The full schedule was published on the official website of Sri Lankan Cricket on 13 October 2021.
Playoffs
Qualifier 1
Final
Statistics
Most runs
Most wickets
References
2021 Lanka Premier League
Lanka Premier League
Galle Gladiators
2021 in Sri Lankan cricket
Tilman Ridge () is a ridge forming the northwestern arm of the Allan Hills, in Oates Land. Its northernmost point is called Stopes Point. The ridge and its constituent features were first reconnoitered and named by the New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) Allan Hills Expedition of 1964.
The ridge itself is named for W. H. Tilman, a mountaineering associate of Eric Shipton and N. E. Odell, after whom nearby Shipton Ridge and Odell Glacier are named. The point is named for Marie Stopes, authority on Carboniferous palaeobotany.
Townrow Peak is a prominent outlier of the Tilman Ridge, named after paleobotanist J. A. Townrow of the University of Tasmania.
Ship Cone is a conical peak, south of Townrow Peak. It is named after a similarly shaped peak in the Hokonui Hills, New Zealand. Gadarene Ridge extends southward from it.
References
Ridges of Oates Land
Brantley County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,021. The county seat is Nahunta.
Brantley County is part of the Brunswick, Georgia Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Georgia voters passed a state constitutional amendment on November 2, 1920, to form Brantley County from pieces of Charlton, Pierce, and Wayne counties. Although the precise origin of the county name is unknown, it is believed that it honors U.S. member of congress William Gordon Brantley.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water. The Satilla River runs through Brantley County.
The bulk of Brantley County, from east of Hortense south to west of Waynesville and west to east of Waycross, is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla basin. The county's eastern border area, east of Waynesville, is located in the Cumberland-St. Simons sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin. A small northwestern corner, west of Hortense, is located in the Little Satilla sub-basin of the larger St. Marys-Satilla River basin, and a very small southwestern corner of Brantley County is located in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the larger Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 301
State Route 15
State Route 23
State Route 32
State Route 110
State Route 121
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Wayne County - northeast
Glynn County - east
Camden County - southeast
Charlton County - southwest
Ware County - west
Pierce County - northwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 14,629 people, 5,436 households, and 4,153 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,490 housing units at an average density of 15 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.36% White, 3.98% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.09% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.35% from other races, and 1.08% from two or more races. 1.04% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,436 households, out of which 38.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.90% were married couples living together, 10.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.60% were non-families. 20.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 7.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.30% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 29.90% from 25 to 44, 23.20% from 45 to 64, and 10.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 100.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,361, and the median income for a family was $35,534. Males had a median income of $29,269 versus $20,709 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,713. About 12.10% of families and 15.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.70% of those under age 18 and 16.90% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 18,411 people, 6,885 households, and 5,075 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 8,086 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 94.4% white, 2.9% black or African American, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Asian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.6% were English, 15.1% were Irish, 12.7% were American, and 8.9% were German.
Of the 6,885 households, 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.3% were non-families, and 22.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.08. The median age was 37.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,343 and the median income for a family was $43,028. Males had a median income of $39,260 versus $28,154 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,905. About 18.2% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.6% of those under age 18 and 10.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 18,021 people, 6,823 households, and 4,578 families residing in the county.
Education
Politics
Communities
Cities
Hoboken
Nahunta
Census-designated place
Hickox
Hortense
Waynesville
Unincorporated community
Fort Mudge
Schlatterville
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brantley County, Georgia
References
GeorgiaInfo Brantley County Courthouse History
GeorgiaInfo record of the Brantley County State Historical Marker
Notes
External links
Brantley County historical marker
1920 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1920
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Brunswick metropolitan area
This is a list of awards and nominations received by American actor, filmmaker, writer, and songwriter Tyler Perry.
Major associations
Academy Awards
Primetime Emmy Awards
Miscellaneous awards
African-American Film Critics Association
Alliance of Women Film Journalists
BET Best Movie Award
BET Comedy Awards
Black Movie Awards
Black Reel Awards
Boston Society of Film Critics
Central Ohio Film Critics Association
Georgia Film Critics Association
Gold Derby Awards
Golden Raspberry Awards
MTV Movie & TV Awards
NAACP Image Awards
Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards
Stinkers Bad Movie Awards
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Tyler Perry
Lists of awards received by actor
Rod Jackson (born 1951) is an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s for Canterbury-Bankstown and Manly-Warringah as a winger.
Early life
Jackson was born and raised in Goulburn, New South Wales, Australia
Playing career
Jackson began their first grade career with Canterbury-Bankstown in 1971 making their debut against South Sydney. Jackson spent most of their time for Canterbury playing in reserve grade and third grade winning the reserve grade premierships in 1971 and 1972. With opportunities limited at Canterbury, Jackson joined Manly-Warringah in 1973. Jackson went on to score 4 tries for Manly in their first season at the club but was not a part of the premiership winning team that year against Cronulla. Jackson featured more for the club in 1974 and 1975 playing in the club's unsuccessful finals campaigns.
In 1976, Jackson was a member of the Manly side which won the minor premiership and then the premiership itself defeating Parramatta 13-10 in the 1976 grand final with Jackson playing on the wing. Jackson went on to play one more season with Manly before retiring at the end of 1977.
References
Manly Warringah Sea Eagles players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Australian rugby league players
Living people
1951 births
Rugby league wingers
The Dream Merchants is a 1980 television miniseries based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Harold Robbins and directed by Vincent Sherman.
The Dream Merchants tells the rags-to-riches story of a young man (Mark Harmon) who starts their career working in a nickelodeon theatre and builds a movie empire during the silent film era until the advent of sound films in the late 1920s.
Plot
Part 1
Albany, 1912. Johnny Edge (Mark Harmon) offers their final nickel to watch a moving picture in the nickelodeon theater run by 47-year-old Peter Kessler (Vincent Gardenia). Peter is contractually obligated to show pictures made by The Combine, currently the leading film production company in New York state. Peter believes in the potential of moving pictures but agrees that the productions by The Combine are a cheap novelty, and continuously breaks contract to show the pictures they prefer. Johnny shares Peter's passion for the film industry and lands a job at their theatre selling candy. Soon, Peter's profit doubles and they agree to Johnny's plan to make their own pictures. They visit New York City and meet with The Combine's studio boss Charles Slade (Howard Duff). Here, they learn that making pictures requires an expensive license, which prompts them to sell the nickelodeon theater to associate George Pappas (José Ferrer). Meanwhile, at the lot Johnny meets and falls in love with Dulcie Warren (Morgan Fairchild), a film extra with ambitions of becoming a film star.
With the money earned from selling the nickelodeon theater, Peter acquires the license and establishes their own film production company, Magnum Studio, granting Johnny 10% of the shares. They steadily produce two-reel pictures, and although satisfied with their results, have high hopes of producing a six-reel feature. Slade considers six reels too long and does not grant them permission. Enraged, Peter and Johnny move to California to produce films freely without the intervention of The Combine. They are accompanied by Dulcie, film director Conrad Stillman (Fernando Lamas), as well as Dulcie's cousin Craig Warren (Robert Goulet) and their co-star Astrid James (Morgan Brittany). Also joining are Peter's family, consisting of their loyal wife Esther (Kaye Ballard), their rebellious son Mark (Robert Picardo) who dreamt of becoming a car engineer but is pressured into film directing by their father, and the young Doris (Brianne Leary), who is secretly in love with Johnny. While producing their first feature film in California, Craig, the male lead and a Broadway star, makes impossible requests. Fed up with their behaviour, Peter replaces them with a Californian cowboy Zack Larsen (Chris Robinson). The film becomes a smash hit and puts Magnum Studio on the map, yet Slade vows revenge on Peter for going behind their back producing the film. Johnny, meanwhile, develops a serious relationship with Dulcie and proposes marriage.
By 1917 in Hollywood, Magnum Studio is producing one feature film after the other, and Dulcie's career is taking off. When they find out that they are expecting a child, they fear that the pregnancy will end their career and undergoes an abortion without informing Johnny.  They are enraged after finding this out and leaves them Devastated, they enlist the Great War. Two years later, they return to Hollywood and finds out that Magnum Studio is now co-run by Henry Farnum (Robert Culp), a former associate of Slade with a commercial mindset. Johnny is not a fan of Farnum and blames Peter for selling out. Before long, Johnny falls in love with a now mature Doris, and they marry. This upsets Dulcie, who expected Johnny to eventually take them back. In spite, they agree to marry Mark, who always hated Johnny and developed a strong sense of rivalry with him. Peter is furious when they find out about Mark and Dulcie's marriage: they reject Mark as their son and fires Dulcie from the studio. As Johnny goes off on their honeymoon with Doris, Dulcie vows revenge on Johnny.
Part 2
Hollywood, 1926. Talking pictures are the latest fad in Hollywood, but Peter is not interested in making the transition. Instead, they spend most of the studio's budget on the silent film The Flapper, which stars Astrid and is directed by Stillman who secretly has an affair during production. When Stillman's wife Helene (Dorit Stevens) finds out, they shoot and kills both of them. Johnny refuses to cancel the project and, to everyone's surprise, recasts the lead role with Dulcie, who in previous years has been working as an actor in Paris. Meanwhile, Peter keeps spending recklessly on lavish silent productions, which upsets most of the executives at the studio. Farnum informs their former boss Slade about Magnum Studio's vulnerability, and they design a scheme to overthrow Peter. Slade and Farnum attempt to involve Johnny in the scheme, offering them the presidency. Rather than taking the offer, Johnny uses it as a threat against Peter to stop their reckless spending. The pressure at work puts a strain on their marriage with Doris, and before long Johnny begins an affair with Dulcie.
One day, Johnny and Doris' son Bobby (Seth Wagerman) falls from a horse and fractures their skull. The event prompts Johnny to reconsider their life choices, following which they end their affair with Dulcie, who vows revenge. The next morning, Peter receives candid photos of Johnny and Dulcie kissing. Feeling betrayed, they blacklist Johnny and threatens to end Dulcie's career unless they keep quiet about the affair and temporarily quits working to give Mark a child. Dulcie refuses to live this lifestyle and tells Mark that they will leave them to move back to Paris. They get into a fight over their choice and get into a car accident, killing both of them. Johnny, meanwhile, confesses the affair to Doris. They feel betrayed, especially considering that they had plenty of opportunities to start an affair with their admirer Zack but rejected them out of loyalty to their husband. Before long, Doris leaves Johnny.
Slade and Farnum's scheme to take over Magnum Studio continues, with help from Lawrence Bradford (Ray Milland), an investor who gets hold of Peter's shares of the company in their bid to finance five more silent films. They vote Pappas out of the company, who just spent their final share of the studio on rewiring cinemas for talking pictures. Devastated, Pappas commits suicide in Farnum's office, which Bruce overhears. Slade, Farnum and Bradford cover up the suicide with help from Peter's assistant Vera (Carolyn Jones), who had been secretly scheming with Farnum against Peter for years. Next, they convince Johnny to run against Peter for the presidency of Magnum Studio. Bruce, who Johnny once helped to cover up an affair with an extra that threatened to ruin their career, now repays Johnny's favour by warning them of Bradford, Farnum and Slade's wrongdoings. Johnny finds out the three men were responsible for Pappas' suicide and threatens to go to court unless they give up their company shares. After they do so, Johnny reinstates Peter in their position at the company, thereby restoring their relationship with Peter and Doris.
In the end, Peter announces their retirement and puts Johnny in charge as the president. Shortly after, Johnny's first talking picture goes into production.
Cast
Mark Harmon as Johnny Edge
Johnny, an orphan, comes from lower society but has a strong sense for business, with dreams of building their own film studio.
Vincent Gardenia as Peter Kessler
Peter is an immigrant from Germany who has built several companies without success. They run a nickelodeon theater and has a great passion for silent films.
Morgan Fairchild as Dulcie Warren
Dulcie is an extra in two-reel shorts at The Combine with big dreams of becoming a movie star.  They are portrayed as an unscrupulous femme fatale.
Brianne Leary as Doris Kessler
Doris is the unassuming youngest daughter of Peter and Esther who has a crush on Johnny.
Robert Picardo as Mark Kessler
Mark is the oldest son of Peter and Esther who wants to become a car mechanic but is pressured by their father into film work. They secretly hate Johnny for getting along very well with their father.
Eve Arden as Coralee
Coralee is a movie columnist, and one of the most well-connected people in Hollywood's high society.
Kaye Ballard as Esther Kessler
Esther is Peter's loyal wife who supports them in all their career endeavours.
Morgan Brittany as Astrid James
Astrid is a star on Broadway who successfully transitions to silent film work.
Red Buttons as Bruce Benson
Bruce is a comedic film actor for Magnum Studio who frequently holds affairs with young film extras despite being married.
Robert Culp as Henry Farnum
Farnum is a film studio executive and the right-hand man of Charles Slade, with a very commercial mindset.
Howard Duff as Charles Slade
Slade is the studio boss of The Combine who tries to ruin Peter Kessler out of business.
José Ferrer as George Pappas
George is a studio executive who owns many film theaters, with a strong passion for film and a belief in talking pictures.
Robert Goulet as Craig Warren
Craig is Dulcie's cousin and a famous Broadway star with a difficult temper.
David Groh as Rocco Salvatore
Rocco is Johnny's friend while serving the army during The Great War.
Carolyn Jones as Vera Montague
Vera is Peter's assistant at Magnum Studio secretly working for Farnum.
Fernando Lamas as Conrad Stillman
Stillman is a well-respected film director working first for The Combine and later for Magnum Studio.
Ray Milland as Lawrence Radford
Radford is a wealthy business person and movie investor secretly working for Slade and Farnum.
Jan Murray as Murray Tucker
Murray is studio executive working for Magnum Studio.
Chris Robinson as Zack Larsen
Zack is cowboy-turned-actor who becomes a star for Magnum Studio and falls in love with Doris.
References
External links
1980s American television miniseries
Television shows based on American novels
Television series set in the 1910s
Television series set in the 1920s
What It Means to Be Defeated is the debut album by American post-hardcore band Dayseeker which was released on October 29, 2013.
Production history
On July 8, 2013, it was announced that Dayseeker signed a recording contract with InVogue Records. The same day the band released a lyric video from "Hollow Shell" as well as a live music video from "Collision.Survive", which are both featured on the album. The album was mastered by Joey Sturgis who had worked with bands like Emmure, Asking Alexandria and The Devil Wears Prada.
On October 6, 2013, the band released an acoustic video for the same-named song, "What It Means to Be Defeated". The band streamed their entire album three days prior to its release on October 26, 2013, via Alternative Press page. On October 26, 2014, it was announced that the album would be re-issued on November 24, 2014. It was re-mastered by Tom Denney and featured four acoustic bonus tracks.
Promotion and success
In promotion of the album, Dayseeker had a three-week concert tour through the United States with metalcore band Kingdom Of Giants in November and December 2013. In April and May the band toured the Artery Across The Nations Tour alongside Upon This Dawning and The Browning. In March and April 2015 the band is part of a concert tour with Courage My Love and Hawthorne Heights.
On December 3, 2014, it was announced that the re-issue of What It Means to Be Defeated had sold only 410 copies after its re-release on November 24, 2014.
Track listing
Personnel
Dayseeker
Rory Rodriguez – vocals
Alex Polk – guitar
Andrew Sharp – bass
Gino Scambelluri – guitar
Mike Karle – drums
Additional personnel
Jeff Darcy – producer, mixing
Tom Denney - re-mastering
Joey Sturgis - mastering
Chris Moore - art design
Nathan Mead - guest vocals on track 4
Garrett Russell – guest vocals on track 9
References
2013 debut albums
Dayseeker albums
InVogue Records albums
Vimy is a hamlet in Westlock County in Central Alberta, Canada. It is located east of Highway 2, approximately north of Edmonton.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Vimy had a population of 183 living in 80 of its 93 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 198. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Vimy had a population of 198 living in 91 of its 106 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 205. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Westlock County
Span is the distance between two intermediate supports for a structure, e.g. a beam or a bridge.
A span can be closed by a solid beam or by a rope. The first kind is used for bridges, the second one for power lines, overhead telecommunication lines, some type of antennas or for aerial tramways.
The span is a significant factor in finding the strength and size of a beam as it determines the maximum bending moment and deflection. The maximum bending moment and deflection in the pictured beam is found using:
where
= Uniformly distributed load
= Length of the beam between two supports (span)
= Modulus of elasticity
= Area moment of inertia
Note that the maximum bending moment and deflection occur midway between the two supports. From this it follows that if the span is doubled, the maximum moment (and with it the stress) will quadruple, and deflection will increase by a factor of sixteen.
For long-distance rope spans, used as power line, antenna or for aerial tramways, see list of spans.
References
Architectural elements
Structural engineering
Bridge components
Martín Rico y Ortega (El Escorial 12 November 1833 – Venice 13 April 1908) was a Spanish painter of landscapes and cityscapes.
Rico was one of the most important artists of the second half of the nineteenth century in their native country, and enjoyed wide international recognition as well, especially in France and the United States. From their earliest works painted in the mountainous countryside outside of Madrid to the later works they painted in Paris and Venice, throughout their life Rico stayed true to their love of painting en plein air, despite their evolving artistic style.
Biography
Rico was born in El Escorial, Madrid, and received their earliest formal training at the city's Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando, where they studied under Jenaro Pérez Villaamil, the Academy's first professor of landscape painting. Under the tutelage of Pérez Villaamil, Rico's earliest works show them influenced by Romanticism, the style for which their teacher was known. In 1860, having been awarded a government-sponsored scholarship, Rico moved to Paris to continue their studies.
Once in France, Rico looked to the artists of the Barbizon school for inspiration, and Charles-François Daubigny in particular. Their landscapes from this decade thus depict the French and Swiss countryside in a fully accomplished Realist style. Toward the end of 1870, due to political and social unrest caused by the outbreak of the Franco-Prussian War, Rico decided to leave France and return to their native Spain.
At the invitation of their good friend and colleague Marià Fortuny, Rico moved to
the southern city of Granada, joining Fortuny and their wife Cecilia, as well as the painter Ricardo de Madrazo. The three artists worked closely during this period, with the styles of Rico and Fortuny overlapping so much that their watercolors—a specialty for both artists—were often confused for one another. It was during this time that, through Fortuny's influence, Rico's paintings began to reveal a newfound sense of luminosity and color. Their time in Andalucía was, according to their memoirs, one of their happiest, and also one of their most artistically productive periods.
Discovering Venice
It was Rico's discovery of Venice in 1873, however, that led to the perfection of their artistic style and the creation of many of their most emblematic works. This year, Rico and Fortuny traveled together to Italy, stopping in Rome, Naples, Florence and Venice: it was Venice, more than any other city they had previously visited, that captured Rico's artistic imagination. From this first trip until their death thirty-six years later, Rico spent every summer with the exception of one working in the Italian “City of Light.” Venice's unique setting, with its plazas, churches and canals, as well as its magnificent light, attracted many artists, including Édouard Manet, Claude Monet, John Singer Sargent, Pierre Renoir and Federico del Campo. Joining this group of artists while following in the tradition of the Italian vedute of the eighteenth century, Rico frequently painted their Venetian scenes outdoors, often from a gondola anchored to a canal or from the window of their room located in the Dorsoduro neighborhood. Rico became in particular good friends with the Peruvian painter Federico del Campo. The two artists worked sometimes together painting the Venetian scenes that were popular with the increasing number of travelers to that city.
Rico died in Venice, aged 74.
References
External links
Martín Rico at the website of the Meadows Museum, Dallas
People from Cuenca del Guadarrama
1833 births
1908 deaths
19th-century Spanish painters
19th-century Spanish male artists
Spanish male painters
20th-century Spanish painters
20th-century Spanish male artists
Spanish landscape painters
Spanish Impressionist painters
Veettumrugam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu and produced by P. Sukumaran and G. Arjunan. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Sharada and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan
Madhu
Sharada
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
P. J. Antony
Sankaradi
Shobha
T. R. Omana
Raghavan
Janardanan
Kaduvakulam Antony
Kamaladevi
Nellikode Bhaskaran
Radhamani
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Venu
Pièces de viole were collections of suites for bass viol and usually continuo written by several French Baroque composers, most notably Marin Marais, whose five Livres form a core of the viol repertoire.
Early pièces did not include continuo parts; examples of these may be found in the oeuvres of Sieur de Sainte-Colombe and Nicolas Hotman. Derived from lute and theorbo music, they often featured preludes sans mesures, and virtuosic bowed trills, whilst remaining French in their dance rhythms and melodies. Formally they also mirrored the pièces de clavecin being written by virtuoso harpsichordists.
Marais and their contemporaries further established a uniquely French tradition of virtuosic pieces for viol and continuo. The pièces were typically written in dance forms like the Allemande, Gavotte, Sarabande, and Gigue, augmented by a Prélude or a Fantaisie and with additional character pieces like Plaintes and Tombeaux.
The French pièce de viole is also recognizable by the trend, brought to perfection by Marais, of the composer including detailed directions for performance in the score. Ornaments, bowings, dynamics, and incredibly specific fingerings make this repertoire a veritable time capsule for modern performers to explore. Marais went so far as to distinguish between two different kinds of vibrato and direct which chords should be “broken”. This particular repertoire is one of the first to have such consistent attention paid to giving directions for technical execution, in contrast to the vast majority of contemporaneous compositional practices. It is all the more remarkable given the inherently costly and labour-intensive business of printing and publishing sheet music at that time.
Composers who wrote Pièces de viole:
Sieur de Sainte-Colombe
Sieur de Sainte-Colombe le Fils
Marin Marais
Sieur de Machy
Sieur de Danoville
François Couperin
Louis de Caix d'Hervelois
Joseph Bodin de Boismortier
Antoine Forqueray
Jean-Baptiste Forqueray
Charles Dollé
Roland Marais
Compositions for viol
Willie Bates (19 November 1855 – 8 January 1900), known as Billy Bates, was an English cricketer. Skilled with both bat and ball, Bates scored over 10,000 first-class runs, took more than 870 wickets and was always reliable in the field. A snappy dresser, Bates was also known as "The Duke".
Life and career
Born to a humble family in Lascelles Hall, Huddersfield, Yorkshire, Bates became a professional cricketer for Rochdale in 1873 and made their first-class debut for Yorkshire four years later, taking four for 69 in Middlesex's first innings to begin a ten-year career in the first-class game. They played fifteen Test matches for England between 1881–82 and 1886–87, all of them in Australia.
At the Melbourne Cricket Ground in 1882/83, Bates excelled by scoring 55 in England's only innings before taking 7 for 28 (including a hat-trick) to force Australia to follow on. They then claimed 7 for 74 in the second innings to help their team to the first-ever innings victory in Test cricket. Bates set several individual records in this game as their hat-trick was the first for England in Test cricket, and their return of 7 for 28, and their match tally of 14 wickets, were then the best-ever by a Test match bowler. In addition, no Test bowler had previously taken 10 or more wickets and scored a half-century in the same match.
In domestic cricket, Bates topped 100 first-class wickets only once, when they took 121 in 1881, but they passed 80 on another 4 occasions. Their best bowling of 8 for 21 was achieved in 1879 for Yorkshire against Surrey at The Oval. As a batsman they passed 1,000 runs in 5 seasons and scored 10 centuries, including 3 in 1884. They made their highest first-class score of 144 not out in 1882 for Under 30 against Over 30 at Lord's, where they also returned an economical second-innings analysis of 22–15–17–3.
The end of Bates' career came suddenly. On a tour of Australia with G.F. Vernon's XI in 1887–88, they were bowling in the nets in Melbourne when they were hit in the eye by a ball struck by a teammate. Their eyesight was sufficiently impaired that they were never able to play first-class cricket again, although they did appear in club cricket in the early 1890s and was still able to coach.
Their enforced retirement caused them great depression, and on the voyage home from Australia they attempted suicide. At the end of December 1899 they caught a chill whilst attending the funeral of fellow Yorkshire player John Thewlis. Their condition quickly deteriorated and they died a few days later in Huddersfield, aged just 44.
An interesting feature of Bates' Test career was that all 15 of their matches were played outside England, which is still the Test record for most matches in a complete career without ever playing at home.
Their son William Bates had a long first-class career with Yorkshire and Glamorgan.
References
External links
1855 births
1900 deaths
England Test cricketers
English cricketers
Players cricketers
Players of the North cricketers
Cricketers from Huddersfield
Test cricket hat-trick takers
United North of England Eleven cricketers
Yorkshire cricketers
C. I. Thornton's XI cricketers
North v South cricketers
Over 30s v Under 30s cricketers
Lord Londesborough's XI cricketers
R. Daft's XI cricketers
Justin Meredith Andrews (August 28, 1902 – June 29, 1967) was an American public health administrator and parasitologist, specialising in malaria.
Early life and family
Andrews was born in Providence, Rhode Island, on August 28, 1902, the son of Clarke Willett Andrews (1872–1907), who worked with the New England Telephone Company, and their wife Annie Frances, née Bliven (b. 1878). The family descended from John MacAndrews, who settled in North Kingstown in 1671. Andrews married twice: firstly in 1927 to Arline Sylvia, daughter of Henry and Hattie Anderson; and secondly in 1957 to Jean Simonne, daughter of Harry W. and Elaine Grant. With their first wife, they had two sons, Donald and Theodore; their second marriage gave them a step-son, Richard Grant.
Career
Academic
After graduating from Brown University with a PhB degree in 1923, Andrews attended the School of Hygiene and Public Health at Johns Hopkins University, which awarded them the ScD degree in 1926. They were an instructor there for a year, before becoming an Associate in Protozoology in 1927; they were then promoted to be Associate Professor of Protozoology four years later. In 1929, they had also worked on the Rockefeller Foundation's Malaria Survey in the British West Indies. Throughout their time at Johns Hopkins, Andrews's research focused on malaria and a range of other parasitic, tropical diseases.
Public health administrator
In 1938, they were appointed Director of the Division of Malaria and Hookworm Service at the Georgia Department of Public Health. They served there until 1942. During World War II, they served with the Sanitary Corps; they were the official malariologist to American forces in the North African (1943–44) and Pacific (1945) theatres and ended the war a colonel.
They continued working for the US government as an officer in the US Public Health Service, assigned to what became the Communicable Disease Center (now the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention). They were Deputy Officer in Charge there from 1946 to 1951, and served as Officer in Charge from 1952 to 1953. As one obituary noted, it was during this time that "He was one of the principal framers and executors of the plan to eradicate malaria from the United States" – the National Malaria Eradication Program.
After leaving the CDC, they became Assistant Surgeon General of the Public Health Service and Associate Chief for Program in the Bureau of State Services. They then moved to the National Institutes of Health, where they were Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (1957–64); during their leadership, the institute created the Middle America Research Unit.
Later life and assessment
Andrews retired in 1964 and died on June 29, 1967 at Largo in Florida. Martin D. Young, writing in The Journal of Parasitology, called them "an internationally known parasitologist, a distinguished teacher, author, and public health administrator". Their death was reported in The New York Times, which described them as "an authority on malaria". They published over 100 articles in scientific journals, was President of the American Society of Parasitologists, the National Malaria Society and the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene.
In their lifetime, Andrews received numerous honors. They were a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science among several other national organisations, and received several awards for their work: the Legion of Merit for their wartime work (1944), the Joseph Augustin Le Prince Award from the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene (1960), and the Public Health Service Meritorious Service Medal (1964). Johns Hopkins awarded them an honorary doctorate in 1951 and Brown University, their alma mater, gave them its Bicentennial Medal in 1965.
References
1902 births
1967 deaths
American parasitologists
Malariologists
People from Providence, Rhode Island
Brown University alumni
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Directors of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
National Institutes of Health people
Truman administration personnel
Presidents of the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene
Mount Kane () is a mountain standing west-southwest of Squires Peak in the Playfair Mountains of southern Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1961–67, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Alan F. Kane, a construction mechanic with the South Pole Station winter party in 1964.
References
External links
Mountains of Palmer Land
Salur is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 204 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Joel and Ethan Coen, collectively referred to as the Coen brothers, are American filmmakers. Their films span many genres and styles, which they frequently subvert or parody. The brothers write, direct and produce their films jointly, and have edited almost all of them under the collective pseudonym Roderick Jaynes.
The Coen brothers have been nominated for thirteen Academy Awards together, and individually for one award each, winning Best Original Screenplay for Fargo and Best Picture, Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay for No Country for Old Men. The duo also won the Palme d'Or for Barton Fink (1991) and were nominated for Fargo.
Films
As screenwriters
In addition to their own films, the Coen brothers have also contributed to others' films.
As executive producers
Solo work
Joel
Film
Ethan
Film
As writer
Theater
As writer
Literature
See also
The Jesus Rolls (2019) – A remake of Going Places written and directed by John Turturro as a spinoff of the Coens' The Big Lebowski.
Notes
References
Director filmographies
The men's flyweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, was held between June 25 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion.
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Acronia ysmaeli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Karl-Ernst Hüdepohl in 1989. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1989
Mount Kennett () is a distinctive snow and rock mountain, high, between Quartermain Glacier and Fricker Glacier on the east side of Graham Land.
Features on this coast were photographed by several American expeditions: United States Antarctic Service, 1939–41; Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition, 1947–48; U.S. Navy photos, 1968. The mountain was mapped by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey, 1947–48, and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Peter Kennett, General Assistant with the British Antarctic Survey Larsen Ice Shelf party, 1963–64.
References
Mountains of Graham Land
Foyn Coast
North American expeditions
Thud was an death-doom band from Washington, D.C. The band comprised vocalist Robert Dotolo, drummer Gregg Hudson, bassist Chris Rasley and guitarist Adam Rutland, who played a combination of death-doom, stoner and thrash metal. They released the full-length studio album Life & Death and the EP Inevitable in 1992 and 1993 respectively before disbanding.
History
Thud was formed in 1990 by vocalist Robert Dotolo, drummer Gregg Hudson, bassist Chris Rasley and guitarist Adam Rutland out of Washington, D.C. The band recorded at Oz Studio in Baltimore and in 1992 released their first studio album Life & Death on Fifth Colvmn Records, marking the label's second release after Chemlab's 1990 EP 10 Ton Pressure. The album was executive-produced by Zalman Fishman and contains guest contributions from vocalist Jared Louche of Chemlab, keyboardist Eli Janney of Girls Against Boys and musician Barrett Jones of Visqueen. Thud re-entered the studio at Uncle Punchy Studios to record music for the Inevitable EP, which was released in 1993 on two 7" vinyls by Fifth Colvmn Records. The album contains two different versions of the song "Score" and remains Thud's final release. Thud performed a series of five lives shows at 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C. between May 27, 1992 and July 30, 1993 to support their music.
On April 14, 2015 Thud's song "Ventilator", the lead track of Life & Death, was played on Diane's Kamikaze Fun Machine: Playlist on WMUC-FM. In September 2018, Thud received some airplay again on WMUC-FM when Gary Young of The Drooling Zoomers DJed the songs "Conflict" and "Search" on their scheduled program The Irrelevant Show, which plays classic west-coast songs from the 1990s.
Discography
Studio albums
Life & Death (1992, Fifth Colvmn)
EPs
Inevitable (1993, Fifth Colvmn)
References
External links
Thud at iTunes
Musical groups established in 1990
Musical groups disestablished in 1993
1990 establishments in Washington, D.C.
1993 disestablishments in Washington, D.C.
American doom metal musical groups
American thrash metal musical groups
American death metal musical groups
Fifth Colvmn Records artists
Brđani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1227 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Albert Pannam may refer to one of two Australian rules footballers from Collingwood:
Albert Pannam (footballer, born 1882) (1882–1968)
Alby Pannam (1914–1993)
Semantic Technology Institute (STI) International is an association of global experts in semantics and services, located in Austria. It has members mostly from Europe, but also from South Korea, Malaysia, and Singapore.
STI International is governed by an executive board, and has a board of representatives of all members, plus several STI Fellows: Michael Brodie, Guus Schreiber, Jim Hendler, Mark Greaves, and Rudi Studer.
STI International is the organizer of several annual international conferences in semantic technologies and the future of the internet: the Extended (previously called European) Semantic Web Conference (ESWC) along with the ESWC Summer School on semantic technologies, and the Future Internet Symposium (FIS). The institute also initiates and organizes smaller events and symposia in Austria and worldwide.
The association owns a spin-off company, STI International Consulting und Research GmbH, which pursues the interests of the members in research (under the name STI Research) and in education/training (under the name Semsphere).
Members
Voting partners:
Free University of Amsterdam
Free University of Bozen-Bolzano
Freie Universität Berlin
Forschungszentrum Informatik
German National Library of Economics
Jozef Stefan Institute
Know Center
MIMOS Berhad
Ontotext
Saltlux Inc.
The Open University
TXT e-solutions
Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, AIFB
University of Aberdeen
University of Innsbruck
University of Malaga
University of Sheffield
Vienna University of Technology
Wonkwang University
The network also has non-voting members that support its operations and have other benefits; the full list of members can be found at the institute's website.
References
External links
Homepage of STI International
Research institutes in Austria
Bjørn Richard Sundquist (born 16 June 1948) is a Norwegian actor, famous for TV, theatre, and movie roles.
For many years they worked at Det Norske Teatret and Nationaltheateret in Oslo, and they are especially famous for the roles as Merlin and Hamlet.
When they received the Honorary Amanda Award (Norway's answer to Oscar) in 2000, they became the youngest ever recipient of the greatest honor in Norwegian film. They were 52 at the time and only a few months younger than Liv Ullmann, who received the honorary award in 1992.
 They are of Sami heritage on their mother's side (a minority originating mainly from the northern parts of the Scandinavian peninsula often referred to as Sápmi). They have had several TV-roles for both NRK, the biggest Norwegian television channel, and Norway's largest commercial channel, TV2. Sundquist has been awarded both a Gullruten and an Amanda award for their leading role as police chief Inspector Konrad Sejer in the television miniseries Sejer.
Sundquist is humorously said to appear in every single Norwegian movie, due to their popularity and versatility.
Filmography: actor
Ragnarok (TV series) (2020)
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters (2013)
Beyond the Border (2011)
A Somewhat Gentle Man (2010)
Tomme Tønner (2010)
Karl III (2009) TV series
Jernanger (2009)
Dead Snow (2009) (a.k.a. Død Snø)
Kautokeino-opprøret (2008)
An Immortal Man (2006) as Reimann
Sejer - Svarte sekunder (2006) (mini) TV miniseries
Min misunnelige frisør (2004)
The Homolulu Show (2004)
Ørnen: En krimi-odyssé (2004) Tv series
Asfaltevangeliet (2004)
Sejer - Elskede Poona (2003) (mini) TV series
The Pledge (2003)
Loose Ends (2003)
Jonny Vang (2003)
Pelle politibil (2002)
Sejer - Djevelen holder lyset (2002) TV miniseries
Himmelfall (2002)
Cowboys Don't Cry (2002)
I Am Dina (2002)
Endelig fredag (2002) TV series
Nini (2001) TV series
Amatørene (2001)
Sleepwalker (2000)
Evas øye (1999)
Tørst - Framtidens forbrytelser (1999)
Sejer - se deg ikke tilbake (1999) (mini) TV series
1732 Høtten (1998)
Åpen post (1998) TV Series
Thranes metode (1998)
Tann for Tann (1998)
Hammarkullen (1997) TV miniseries
Salige er de som tørster (1997)
Blind gudinne (1997) TV series
Mendel (1997)
Budbringeren (1997)
Sagojoga minister (1997)
Pust på meg! (1997)
Søndagsengler (1996)
Kjærlighetens kjøtere (1995)
Pan (1995)
Noe beroligende (1995)
Ti kniver i hjertet (1994)
Trollsyn (1994)
Drømspel (1994)
Brødrene Dal og legenden om Atlant-Is (1994) TV series
Secondløitnanten (1993)
Telegrafisten (1993)
Pelle politibil (1993) TV series
Svarte pantere (1992)
Krigerens hjerte (1992)
For dagene er onde (1991)
Fedrelandet (1991) (mini) TV series
Gränslots (1990)
Haakon Haakonsen (1990)
Døden på Oslo S (1990)
Håndfull tid, En (1990)
Dykket (1989)
Sweetwater (1988)
Etter Rubicon (1987)
På stigende kurs (1987)
Over grensen (1987), based on the Feldmann case
Nattseilere (1986)
Skal det vere ein dans? (1986) TV series
Havlandet (1985)
Gulag (1985) (TV)
Galskap! (1985)
Noe helt annet (1985)
Høvdingen (1984)
Spyship (1983) (mini) TV series
Engler i sneen (1982)
Kronprinsen (1979)
Rallarblod (1979)
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Norwegian male stage actors
Norwegian male film actors
Norwegian male television actors
People from Hammerfest
A high pressure watertube boiler (also spelled water-tube and water tube) is a type of boiler in which water circulates in tubes heated externally by the fire. Fuel is burned inside the furnace, creating hot gas which boils water in the steam-generating tubes. In smaller boilers, additional generating tubes are separate in the furnace, while larger utility boilers rely on the water-filled tubes that make up the walls of the furnace to generate steam.
The heated water/steam mixture then rises into the steam drum. Here, saturated steam is drawn off the top of the drum. In some services, the steam pass through tubes in the hot gas path, (a superheater) to become superheated. Superheated steam is defined as steam that is heated above the boiling point at a given pressure. Superheated steam is a dry gas and therefore is typically used to drive turbines, since water droplets can severely damage turbine blades.
Saturated water at the bottom of the steam drum returns to the lower drum via large-bore 'downcomer tubes', where it pre-heats the feedwater supply. (In large utility boilers, the feedwater is supplied to the steam drum and the downcomers supply water to the bottom of the waterwalls). To increase economy of the boiler, exhaust gases are also used to pre-heat combustion air blown into the burners, and to warm the feedwater supply in an economizer. Such watertube boilers in thermal power stations are also called steam generating units.
The older fire-tube boiler design, in which the water surrounds the heat source and gases from combustion pass through tubes within the water space, is typically a much weaker structure and is rarely used for pressures above . A significant advantage of the watertube boiler is that there is less chance of a catastrophic failure: there is not a large volume of water in the boiler nor are there large mechanical elements subject to failure.
A water tube boiler was patented by Blakey of England in 1766 and was made by Dallery of France in 1780.
Applications
"The ability of watertube boilers to be designed without the use of excessively large and thick walled pressure vessels makes these boilers particularly attractive in applications that require dry, high-pressure, high-energy steam, including steam turbine power generation".
Owing to their superb working properties, the use of watertube boilers is highly preferred in the following major areas:
Variety of process applications in industries
Chemical processing divisions
Pulp and Paper manufacturing plants
Refining units
Besides, they are frequently employed in power generation plants where large quantities of steam (ranging up to 500 kg/s) having high pressures i.e. approximately and high temperatures reaching up to 550 °C are generally required. For example, the Ivanpah solar-power station uses two Rentech Type-D watertube boilers for plant warmup, and when operating as a fossil fueled power station.
Stationary
Modern boilers for power generation are almost entirely water-tube designs, owing to their ability to operate at higher pressures. Where process steam is required for heating or as a chemical component, then there is still a small niche for fire-tube boilers. One notable exception is in typical Nuclear power stations (Pressurized Water Reactors), where the steam generators are generally configured similar to firetube boiler designs. In these applications the hot gas path through the "Firetubes" actually carries the very hot/high pressure primary coolant from the reactor, and steam is generated on the external surface of the tubes.
Marine
Their ability to work at higher pressures has led to marine boilers being almost entirely water-tube. This change began around 1900, and traced the adoption of turbines for propulsion rather than reciprocating (i.e. piston) engines – although watertube boilers were also used with reciprocating engines, and firetube boilers were also used in many marine turbine applications.
Railway
There has been no significant adoption of water-tube boilers for railway locomotives. A handful of experimental designs were produced, but none of these were successful or led to their widespread use. Most water-tube railway locomotives, especially in Europe, used the Schmidt system. Most were compounds, and a few uniflows. The Norfolk and Western Railway's Jawn Henry was an exception, as it used a steam turbine combined with an electric transmission.
LMS 6399 Fury
Rebuilt completely after a fatal accident
LNER 10000 "Hush hush"
Using a Yarrow boiler, rather than Schmidt. Not successful and re-boilered with a conventional boiler.
Hybrids
A slightly more successful adoption was the use of hybrid water-tube / fire-tube systems. As the hottest part of a locomotive boiler is the firebox, it was an effective design to use a water-tube design here and a conventional fire-tube boiler as an economiser (i.e. pre-heater) in the usual position.
One famous example of this was the USA Baldwin 4-10-2 No. 60000, built in 1926. Operating as a compound at a boiler pressure of it covered over successfully. After a year though, it became clear that any economies were overwhelmed by the extra costs and it was retired to a museum display at the Franklin Institute in Philadelphia PA. A series of twelve experimental locomotives were constructed at the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's Mt. Clare shops under the supervision of George H. Emerson, but none of them was replicated in any numbers.
The only railway use of water-tube boilers in any numbers was the Brotan boiler, invented in Austria in 1902 by Johann Brotan and found in rare examples throughout Europe. Hungary, though, was a keen user and had around 1,000 of them. Like the Baldwin, this combined a water-tube firebox with a fire-tube barrel. The original characteristic of the Brotan was a long steam drum running above the main barrel, making it resemble a Flaman boiler in appearance.
Road
While the traction engine was usually built using its locomotive boiler as its frame, other types of steam road vehicles such as lorries and cars have used a wide range of different boiler types. Road transport pioneers Goldsworthy Gurney and Walter Hancock both used water-tube boilers in their steam carriages around 1830.
Most undertype wagons used water-tube boilers. Many manufacturers used variants of the vertical cross-tube boiler, including Atkinson, Clayton, Garrett and Sentinel. Other types include the Clarkson 'thimble tube' and the Foden O-type wagon's pistol-shaped boiler.
Steam fire-engine makers such as Merryweather usually used water-tube boilers for their rapid steam-raising capacity.
Many steam cars used water-tube boilers, and the Bolsover Express company even made a water-tube replacement for the Stanley Steamer fire-tube boiler.
Design variations
D-type boiler
The 'D-type' is the most common type of small- to medium-sized boilers, similar to the one shown in the schematic diagram. It is used in both stationary and marine applications. It consists of a large steam drum vertically connected to a smaller water drum (a.k.a. "mud drum") via multiple steam-generating tubes. These drums and tubes as well as the oil-fired burner are enclosed by water-walls - additional water-filled tubes spaced close together so as to prevent gas flow between them. These water wall tubes are connected to both the steam and water drums, so that they act as a combination of preheaters and downcomers as well as decreasing heat loss to the boiler shell.
M-type boilers
The M-type boilers were used in many US World War II warships including hundreds of Fletcher-class destroyers. Three sets of tubes form the shape of an M, and create a separately fired superheater that allows better superheat temperature control. In addition to the mud drum shown on a D-type boiler, an M-type has a water-screen header and a waterwall header at the bottom of the two additional rows of vertical tubes and downcomers.
Low water content
The low water content boiler has a lower and upper header connected by watertubes that are directly impinged upon from the burner. This is a "furnace-less" boiler that can generate steam and react quickly to changes in load.
Babcock & Wilcox boiler
Designed by the American firm of Babcock & Wilcox, this type has a single drum, with feedwater drawn from the bottom of the drum into a header that supplies inclined water-tubes. The watertubes supply steam back into the top of the drum. Furnaces are located below the tubes and drum.
This type of boiler was used by the Royal Navy's Leander-class frigates and in United States Navy New Orleans-class cruisers.
Stirling boiler
The Stirling boiler has near-vertical, almost-straight watertubes that zig-zag between a number of steam and water drums. Usually there are three banks of tubes in a "four drum" layout, but certain applications use variations designed with a different number of drums and banks.
They are mainly used as stationary boilers, owing to their large size, although the large grate area does also encourage their ability to burn a wide range of fuels. Originally coal-fired in power stations, they also became widespread in industries that produced combustible waste and required process steam. Paper pulp mills could burn waste bark, sugar refineries their bagasse waste. It is a horizontal drum type of boiler.
Yarrow
Named after its designers, the then Poplar-based Yarrow Shipbuilders, this type of three-drum boiler has three drums in a delta formation connected by watertubes. The drums are linked by straight watertubes, allowing easy tube-cleaning. This does, however, mean that the tubes enter the drums at varying angles, a more difficult joint to caulk. Outside the firebox, a pair of cold-leg pipes between each drum act as downcomers.
Due to its three drums, the Yarrow boiler has a greater water capacity. Hence, this type is usually used in older marine boiler applications. Its compact size made it attractive for use in transportable power generation units during World War II. In order to make it transportable, the boiler and its auxiliary equipment (fuel oil heating, pumping units, fans etc.), turbines, and condensers were mounted on wagons to be transported by rail.
White-Forster
The White-Forster type is similar to the Yarrow, but with tubes that are gradually curved. This makes their entry into the drums perpendicular, thus simpler to make a reliable seal.
Thornycroft
Designed by the shipbuilder John I. Thornycroft & Company, the Thornycroft type features a single steam drum with two sets of watertubes either side of the furnace. These tubes, especially the central set, have sharp curves. Apart from obvious difficulties in cleaning them, this may also give rise to bending forces as the tubes warm up, tending to pull them loose from the tubeplate and creating a leak. There are two furnaces, venting into a common exhaust, giving the boiler a wide base tapering profile.
Forced circulation boiler
In a forced circulation boiler, a pump is added to speed up the flow of water through the tubes.
Other types
O-type boiler
A-type boiler
Flex-tube boiler
M-type control superheater
See also
Three-drum boiler
Clarkson thimble tube boiler
Corner tube boiler
Internally rifled boiler tubes (also known as serve tubes)
References
External links
Boilers
The 2013–14 First Women's Basketball League of Serbia was the 8th season of the First Women's Basketball League of Serbia, the highest professional basketball league in Serbia. It was also 70th national championship played by Serbian clubs inclusive of nation's previous incarnations as Yugoslavia and Serbia and Montenegro.
The first half of the season consisted of 14 teams and 182-game regular season (26 games for each of the 14 teams). It began Saturday, October 5, 2013 and ended Tuesday, April 15, 2014. The second half of the season consisted of four teams that play a playoff.
The playoff included the top four teams from the First Women's Basketball League of Serbia and ran from 16 April 2014 to 10 May 2014. Radivoj Korać won the championship.
Team information
Regular season
The season was played with 14 teams and a dual circuit system, each with each one game at home and away. The four best teams at the end of the regular season were placed in the playoff. The regular season began 5 October 2013 and ended 15 April 2014.
Playoff
The playoff was according to the cup system. The semifinals were played on 2 wins, in the final at 3 wins. The playoffs lasted from 16 April 2014 to 10 May 2014.
Awards
Finals MVP: Aleksandra Crvendakić (188-F-96) of Crvena zvezda
Player of the Year: Adrijana Knežević (183-F-87) of Spartak Subotica
Point Guard of the Year: Jovana Popović (173-PG-90) of Partizan
Power Forward of the Year: Adrijana Knežević (183-F-87) of Spartak Subotica
Center of the Year: Emina Demirović (186-C-85) of Vrbas
Coach of the Year: Miloš Pavlović of Radivoj Korać
1st Team
PG: Jovana Popović (173-PG-90) of Partizan
G: Biljana Stanković (177-G-74) of Radivoj Korać
F: Adrijana Knežević (183-F-87) of Spartak Subotica
F: Jelena Mitić (188-F-89) of Jagodina 2001
C: Emina Demirović (186-C-85) of Vrbas
2nd Team
G: Jovana Pašić (178-G-92) of Partizan
G: Aleksandra Katić (172-G-87) of Radnički Kragujevac
F: Aleksandra Crvendakić (188-F-96) of Crvena zvezda
C/F: Ivanka Matić (193-C/F-79) of Crvena zvezda
C: Nikolina Milić (191-C-94) of Radivoj Korać
3rd Team
G: Dunja Prčić (180-G-87) of Partizan
F/G: Jovana Jakšić (178-F/G-92) of Vršac
F/C: Tina Jovanović (190-F/C-91) of Crvena zvezda
F/C: Ivana Grubor (185-F/C-84) of Jagodina 2001
C: Jelena Maksimović (192-C-82) of Radivoj Korać
Honorable Mention
Dara Kovačević (197-C-83) of Srbobran
Jelena Antić (187-SF-91) of Radivoj Korać
Aleksandra Dobrović (184-C-93) of Vršac
Aleksandra Račić (181-G-90) of Šumadija Kragujevac
Mirjana Velisavljević (188-C-78) of Šabac
Emeše Vida (188-F/C-93) of Spartak Subotica
Sonja Marić (185-F-85) of Srbobran
Bojana Janković (184-F-83) of Partizan
External links
First Basketball Women's League of Serbia at eurobasket.com
First Basketball Women's League of Serbia at srbijasport.net
First Women's Basketball League of Serbia seasons
Serbia
women
Warm Thoughts is a 1980 album by Smokey Robinson. It features the top 40 hit, "Let Me Be the Clock". The album was arranged by Reginald "Sonny" Burke. This album also featured the semi-autobiographical tune "Wine, Women and Song", which proved to be the closest thing to a Miracles reunion that occurred in the 1980s, with Smokey doing a duet with their then-wife, former Miracle Claudette Robinson, and Miracle Marv Tarplin, with whom they shared songwriting credits, on guitar. The song "Travelin' Thru'" was written by Smokey's real-life sister, Rose Ella Jones, and two songs written by Robinson with fellow Motown artist, Stevie Wonder, and singer, songwriter, and former Starsky and Hutch star, David Soul. This album was a huge success, reaching the Top 20 of The Billboard 200 Pop Album chart, peaking at #14, and the Top 10 of Billboard's R&B Album Chart, peaking at #4.
Track listing
All tracks composed by Smokey Robinson, except where indicated.
"Let Me Be the Clock" - 5:10
"Heavy on Pride" - 4:07
"Into Each Rain Some Life Must Fall" (Doris Fisher, Allan Roberts) - 4:34
"Wine, Women and Song" (Robinson, Marv Tarplin, Pamela Moffett) - 4:45
"Melody Man" (Robinson, Stevie Wonder) - 4:53
"What's in Your Life for Me" (Robinson, David Soul) - 4:43
"I Want to Be Your Love" - 3:57
"Travelin' Thru'" (Rose Ella Jones) - 4:22
Personnel
Smokey Robinson – lead and backing vocals
Reginald "Sonny" Burke – keyboards, arrangements (1-4, 6, 7, 8)
Ron Rancifer – keyboards
Marlo Henderson – guitar
Melvin Ragin – guitar
Marv Tarplin – guitar
Phil Upchurch – guitar
David T. Walker – guitar
Keni Burke – bass
Scott Edwards – bass
Wayne Tweed – bass
James Gadson – drums
Scotty Harris – drums
James Sledge – congas, backing vocals
Fred Smith – flute, reeds, solos
Michael Jacobson – cello
Stevie Wonder – arrangements (5)
Cheryl Cooper – backing vocals
Ivory Davis – backing vocals
Patricia Henley Talbert – backing vocals
Claudette Robinson – backing vocals, lead vocals (4)
Production
Producer – Smokey Robinson
Co-Producer on Track 5 – Stevie Wonder
Production Assistant – Randy Dunlap
Engineer – Michael Lizzio
Assistant Engineers – Ernestine Madison and Ginny Pallante
Mixing – Michael Lizzio and Smokey Robinson
Mix Assistants – Randy Dunlap and Ginny Pallante
Mastered by John Matousek
Recorded, Mixed and Mastered at Motown Recording Studios (Hollywood, CA).
Recording Coordinator – Barbara Ramsey
Talent Coordinator – Simone Sheffield
Art Direction and Design – Ginny Livingston
Cover Photo – Ron Slenzak
Lettering – Vigon/Nahas/Vigon
References
1980 albums
Smokey Robinson albums
Albums produced by Smokey Robinson
Motown albums
Albums produced by Stevie Wonder
is a private university in Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1951, and it was chartered as a university in 2006.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1951
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Himeji University
1951 establishments in Japan
Buildings and structures in Himeji
The Embassy of Angola in London is the diplomatic mission of Angola in the United Kingdom. Angola also maintains a Consulate General at 46 Bedford Square, London WC1B 3DP.
In 2013 Islamic activist Anjem Choudhary led a protest outside the embassy alleging government suppression of Muslims in Angola.
Gallery
See also
List of diplomatic missions in London
References
External links
Official site
Diplomatic missions in London
Diplomatic missions of Angola
Angola–United Kingdom relations
Buildings and structures in the City of Westminster
Buildings and structures in Marylebone
The men's 200 metre freestyle competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 21 at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre. The last champion was Ryan Lochte of US.
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, all in freestyle.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on August 21, at 10:45.
B Final
The B final was held on August 21, at 19:51.
A Final
The final was held on August 21, at 19:51.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
The Megamerinidae are a family of flies (Diptera) with about 11 species in three genera. They are small and are marked by an elongated, basally constricted abdomen. The family has been variously placed in the past within the superfamilies Diopsoidea, Nerioidea and more recently in Opomyzoidea but the evolutionary relationships remain unclear.
Description
For terms see Morphology of DipteraThese are slender, medium-sized flies, with long abdomens. The hind femora are thickened, and bear two rows of spinules on the lower side. The costa is entire and the anal cell is elongated. They have no ocelli.
Biology
The biology of immature Megamerinidae is poorly known, but larvae have been recorded as predators living under bark or decaying vegetation.
References
Citations
Sources
Family description
Hennig. 1941. Megamerinidae. In: Lindner, E. (Ed.). Die Fliegen der Paläarktischen Region 5,39,1-4. Keys to Palaearctic species but now needs revision (in German).
Schizophora
Opomyzoidea
Bibb County is located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, its population was 155,547. Bibb County is geographically located in the Central Georgia (Middle Georgia) region, and is the largest county in the Macon metropolitan area (metropolitan statistical area).
Bibb County has a consolidated city-county government following a merger of the county with its county seat and largest city, Macon, in 2014. They were later joined in this consolidated government in 2015 by the county's only other municipality, Payne City.
History
This area was inhabited for thousands of years by successive indigenous peoples. The Ocmulgee National Monument is a national park and historic site incorporating two major mound and town complexes: Lamar Mounds and Village Site and Ocmulgee Mound Site, both located along the Ocmulgee River. They were built by indigenous peoples during the Mississippian culture era. The detailed chronicles of the Hernando de Soto expedition recorded visiting Ichisi, a major village, in 1539. Historians and archeologists have theorized it may have been located at the Lamar Mounds complex.
For centuries, the historic Native Americans Muscogee tribe, descendants of this culture, was the predominant one in a large area of Georgia, including that later organized as Bibb County. During the colonial period, Anglo colonists carried on a brisk trade with them and allied with them in certain wars in the Southeast. With European-American land hunger to extend cotton cultivation in the Georgia uplands, the Muscogee and other four Civilized Tribes of the Southeast were forcibly relocated to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River, in the Indian Removal of the 1830s, during the administration of President Andrew Jackson. The Indian tribes affected refer to their journey is as the "Trail of Tears", since many died during the march west.
In the late 18th century, the cotton gin was invented, making profitable the processing of short-staple cotton. This could be grown across the uplands of the South, in contrast to the long-staple cotton of the Low Country. Bibb is considered one of the counties of the "Black Belt", which originally referred to the fertile dark soil in these uplands. The area was developed by European-American planters, who used enslaved African Americans as workers to clear land and develop large cotton plantations during the antebellum years. Cotton generated high profits, since it was in demand in the textile mills of the northern states and England. By the 1860 census, shortly before the American Civil War, more than a million enslaved African Americans lived in Georgia, and they constituted a majority of the population in much of the Black Belt.
Bibb County was created by act of the Georgia Legislature on December 9, 1822, with Macon to be incorporated as a town/city in December 1823; designated the county seat. It was carved from the earlier territories of the counties of Jones, Monroe, Houston, and Twiggs Counties. The county seat has not been changed since, and no other subsequent county in the state has ever been created ("erected") out of land from Bibb County.
The county was named for Dr. William Wyatt Bibb, a physician from Elbert County, who served in the U.S. House of Representatives and United States Senate from Georgia. After they moved to the new Alabama Territory, they were later elected as the first governor of the new State of Alabama upon its admission.
Civil War to present
During the Civil War, an estimated 10% of the white males in the county lost their lives while serving in the Confederate States Army. The war gained the emancipation of slaves across the South. Georgia had been a battleground, and Atlanta and many other areas were left in ruins.
Well into the 20th century, the county depended on cotton and other agriculture as its economic base. It was subject to related vagaries of weather, financial markets, and the devastation of the invasive boll weevil in the early 20th century, which destroyed cotton crops across the South.
After the Civil War and during the 20th century, the county seat of Macon continued to serve as the county's principal population center, site of the most significant landmarks, and the location of major historical events.
On July 31, 2012, voters in the City of Macon (57.8% approval) and Bibb County (56.7% approval) passed a referendum to merge the governments of the city and the county, based on the authorization of House Bill 1171 passed by the Georgia General Assembly earlier in the year. Four previous consolidation attempts (in 1933, 1960, 1972, and 1976) had failed. The consolidation took effect on January 1, 2014, along with the deannexation from the city of a small portion of land in Jones County.
In addition to Macon, Bibb County contained one other municipality, Payne City (or Payne), an enclave of around 200 people that was surrounded entirely by the preconsolidation City of Macon. In the 2012 referendum, Payne City voters rejected consolidation by a vote of 9 to 7, so it was not merged into the consolidated government. In early 2015, at the request of the small city's government, the Georgia General Assembly passed a bill dissolving Payne City, merging it with the rest of Macon-Bibb County.
Government and politics
Since the 2014 consolidation, Macon-Bibb has been governed by a mayor, elected at-large (county-wide), along with a nine-member county commission with members elected from single-member districts.
Like all other Georgia counties, Bibb has an elected sheriff responsible for maintaining the jail. Bibb's sheriff also manages the county's law enforcement duties, with their deputies acting as the city and county police force. , the current sheriff is David Davis.
Elections
In 2013, the consolidated city-county held its first elections. Macon's incumbent mayor Robert Reichert received 49% of the vote in the general election on September 17 over the other five mayoral candidates, but a winner had to take a majority of the vote. Reichert subsequently won 63% of the vote in a runoff election against former Macon mayor C. Jack Ellis.
Reichert was unopposed for re-election in 2016, following the death of their only opponent before the election. Under the city-county charter, the mayor is subject to term limits and may serve only two consecutive terms. Reichert had to leave office in December 2020.
As an urban county with a majority African-American population, voters in Bibb County today consistently vote at high rates for Democratic candidates counties in presidential elections. During the late 19th century and into the late 1960s, when most African Americans were disenfranchised by the state constitution and practices under Jim Crow, white conservatives dominated the Democratic Party and voting. The combination of these two contrasting affiliations resulted in the majority of county voters having supported for a Republican presidential candidate only three times in its history. Bibb was the only county in the 2004 flag referendum to vote to keep the 2001 flag.
United States Congress
Georgia General Assembly
Georgia State Senate
Georgia House of Representatives
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.2%) is water. The entirety of Bibb County is located in the Upper Ocmulgee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin.
Adjacent counties
Jones County - northeast
Twiggs County - east
Houston County - south
Peach County - south-southwest
Crawford County - southwest
Monroe County - northwest
National protected areas
Bond Swamp National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Ocmulgee National Monument
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 16
Interstate 75
Interstate 475
U.S. Route 23
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 41 Business (Macon)
U.S. Route 80
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 129 Alternate (Macon)
State Route 11
State Route 19
State Route 22
State Route 49
State Route 74
State Route 87
State Route 87 Connector
State Route 247
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
State Route 404 (unsigned designation for I-16)
State Route 408 (unsigned designation for I-475)
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
Pedestrians and cycling
Heritage Trail
Ocmulgee Heritage Trail
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 157,346 people, 56,726 households, and 33,573 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 155,547 people, 60,295 households, and 38,714 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 69,662 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 52.1% black or African American, 43.2% white, 1.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.3% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 8.8% were English, 7.6% were American, 6.6% were Irish, and 5.2% were German.
Of the 60,295 households, 33.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 37.5% were married couples living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.8% were non-families, and 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 35.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,798 and the median income for a family was $52,158. Males had a median income of $41,219 versus $31,477 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,436. About 16.4% of families and 22.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 33.0% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 153,887 people, 59,667 households, and 39,797 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 67,194 housing units at an average density of 269 per square mile (104/km). The racial makeup of the county was 50.13% White, 47.32% Black or African American, 0.18% Native American, 1.08% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 1.31% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 59,667 households, out of which 31.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.30% were married couples living together, 20.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.30% were non-families. 28.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the county, the population was distributed with 26.60% under the age of 18, 10.10% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 21.70% from 45 to 64, and 12.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 85.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 80.20 males.
The population tables show a dramatic reduction in population growth from 1920 to 1940, less than half the amounts for censuses before and after these dates; during this period, tens of thousands of African Americans left the state for cities in the North and Midwest, as part of the Great Migration.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,532, and the median income for a family was $43,479. Males had a median income of $34,263 versus $25,540 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,058. About 15.50% of families and 19.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.20% of those under age 18 and 13.10% of those age 65 or over.
Recreation
Lake Tobesofkee, about west of Macon, has three parks. Claystone, Sandy Beach, and Arrowhead Parks, each with a beach, and children's playgrounds. Sandy Beach has lighted tennis courts, a water park with many attractions, and a softball field.
Communities
Cities
Macon (county seat)
Payne
Unincorporated communities
Avondale
Franklinton
Lizella
Sofkee
Walden
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bibb County, Georgia
References
External links
1822 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1822
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Macon, Georgia
Macon metropolitan area, Georgia
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Charles "Chuck" Jordan is an American game designer, writer, and programmer. They co-wrote The Curse of Monkey Island, wrote three episodes of Sam & Max Save the World, was the lead writer and co-designer of Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space, designed and co-wrote two episodes of Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People, and was the designer of Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse: The Penal Zone, as well as season lead designer for the Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse season on the whole.
Career
Chuck Jordan began their career at LucasArts as a programmer and co-writer of The Curse of Monkey Island in 1997. After working on Grim Fandango as a script programmer, they left the company. They later joined Infinite Machine, a start-up company founded by LucasArts alumni, where they worked on the initial design of their games, including the cancelled Sam & Max Plunge Through Space.
After Infinite Machine closed, they joined Telltale Games as a writer and designer in 2007. While at Telltale, they co-wrote several episodes for their adventure game seasons. In 2008, they were the lead writer and co-designer of Sam & Max Beyond Time & Space. They also wrote and co-directed the first episode of that season, Penal Zone, and wrote and designed the finale The City That Dares Not Sleep. They finished their tenure at Telltale Games as season lead designer of Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse in 2010. They also wrote Puzzle Agent 2. That game came out in 2011, the year following their departure from Telltale.
Games
1997 The Curse of Monkey Island, programmer, co-writer (LucasArts)
1998 Grim Fandango, script programmer (LucasArts)
2002 New Legends, designer (Infinite Machine)
2003 Simcity 4, programmer (Electronic Arts)
2007 Sam & Max Save the World: Abe Lincoln Must Die!, Reality 2.0 and Bright Side of the Moon, writer (Telltale Games)
2008 Sam & Max Beyond Time and Space, lead writer, co-designer (Telltale Games)
2008 Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People: Strong Badia the Free and 8-Bit is Enough, designer, co-writer (Telltale Games)
2010 Sam & Max: The Devil's Playhouse, lead writer, co-designer (writer, co-director The Penal Zone, writer, designer The City That Dares Not Sleep) (Telltale Games)
2011 Puzzle Agent 2, writer (Telltale Games)
2012 The Walking Dead, story consultant, writer (Telltale Games)
2014 Tales From the Borderlands, writer (Telltale Games)
References
External links
American video game designers
American video game directors
Living people
Video game programmers
Video game writers
1971 births
Harrison Kelley (May 12, 1836 – July 24, 1897) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born William Henry Harrison Kelley in Montgomery Township, Ohio, Kelley attended the common schools. They moved to Coffey County, Kansas, in March 1858. During the Civil War Kelley enlisted in the Fifth Regiment, Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, and served through all grades to captain. They served as captain of Company B, Fifth Cavalry, for over two years. They returned to Burlington, Kansas, in 1865. Brigadier general of Kansas State Militia in 1865. They served as a member of the State house of representatives 1868-1870. They served as director of the State penitentiary 1868-1873. Receiver of the United States land office at Topeka in 1877 and 1878. They served in the State senate 1880-1884. Deputy collector of internal revenue. They served as chairperson of the livestock sanitary commission of the State. Treasurer of the State board of charities in 1889.
Kelley was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Thomas Ryan and served from December 2, 1889, to March 3, 1891. They died in Burlington, Kansas on July 24, 1897. They were interred in Bowman Cemetery, Ottumwa, near Burlington, Kansas.
References
1836 births
1897 deaths
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
American militia generals
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
19th-century American politicians
People from Wood County, Ohio
People from Burlington, Kansas
Union Army officers
The Zentral-Dombau-Verein zu Köln von 1842 (Central Cathedral Building Society of 1842; formerly "Central-"), abbreviated ZDV, is one of the oldest and once largest NGO's and civic associations of Germany, Europe, and indeed the world. It was founded to promote and finance the completion of Cologne Cathedral, one of the most important Gothic buildings and churches globally and a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and continues to ensure the never-ending restoration and maintenance of the Cathedral.
History
Heine and the Winter's Tale
The most famous reference to the ZDV is in Heinrich Heine's satirical poem, Germany. A Winter's Tale (Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen, 1844) chapter IV. Heine sees the Cologne Cathedral as a monument to Catholicism and un-Germanness, Christian intolerance, and Cologne as a truly bad city, and calls the promoters, including the Prussians and their King, confused and counter-productive. Since they do so in superb and witty poetry - the Winter's Tale is generally acknowledged to be the high-point of lyrical satire in German -, the criticism has endured and is very striking. For Heine, the non-completion of the cathedral is the "monument to Germany's power and Protestant mission".
You poor fools from the Domverein,
You want, with weak hands,
Complete the interrupted work
And to complete the old fortress!
Organization
The ZDV is one of the very few associations that does not have to conform to the German Vereinsrecht (laws concerning NGO's), because it predates these laws. In fact, the ZDV is still governed according to the cabinet order of 8 December 1841 by the King of Prussia, Frederick William IV, who also was its first patron.
Today, the ZDV has over 10,000 members and a board of 40, of which 10 are replaced every 4 years. Membership is completely open, but it is still considered prestigious, especially in the Rhineland. Membership in the board is a good indicator that one belongs to the most wealthy and most respected insiders of Cologne, which is well known for its governance by a closed elite (Kölscher Klüngel). It is denoted by a small golden lapel pin showing the cathedral's facade and the letters ZDV.
Finances
The cost to complete the cathedral, between 1842 and 1880, which was not an effort by the Catholic Church but by Protestant Prussia and the Cologne, Rhineland, and German citizens, amounted to US$1 billion in today's currency. Of this, one-third was paid by the State of Prussia, and two-thirds by the ZDV. Another US$1 billion was paid to "unveil" the cathedral, i.e. to purchase the houses around it and make it possible to view it from all sides; of this amount, half was financed by the ZDV. Much of the Verein's income derived from a special lottery, the Dombaulotterie.
Today, the annual budget of the cathedral, which amounts to appr. US$3,5 million, is financed by half by the ZDV. The income comes from membership fees, donations, bequests, fines (German judges can order that fines in civil cases are paid to the ZDV), and especially a Federal lottery.
Legally, the Cathedral belongs to itself, not to the Catholic Church or the Archbishop; not even to the Metropolitan Chapter, which administers it based on the legal fiction that it has been charged with this by the cathedral.
Prominent members
Konrad Adenauer
Wolfgang Drechsler
Josef Frings
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Joseph Görres
Joachim Meisner
Manfred Melzer
Willy Millowitsch
Fritz Schramma
Bibliography
Kölner Domblatt, yearbook of the ZDV; last issue is vol. 70, 2005
Pilger, Kathrin (2004), Der Kölner Zentral-Dombau-Verein im 19. Jahrhundert. Zur Konstitutierung des Bürgertums durch formale Organisation, Köln: SH-Verlag (The Central Cathedral Building Association of Cologne in the 19th Century. The Constitution for the middle class through a formal organization.)
Non-profit organisations based in North Rhine-Westphalia
Religious organisations based in Germany
Culture in Cologne
Organizations established in 1842
Organisations based in Cologne
1842 establishments in Prussia
Karcher v. May, 484 U.S. 72 (1987), was a school prayer case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the former presiding officers of the New Jersey legislature did not have Article III standing to appeal a case, that standing had passed on to their legislative successors.
Background
In 1982, the New Jersey Legislature passed a statute over the governor's veto providing for a moment of silence in public schools, which failed to specifically mention prayer. May filed a lawsuit in the federal United States District Court for the District of New Jersey challenging the constitutionality of the statute; the executive-branch officials normally tasked with defending such suits (the Governor and the Attorney General) admitted the unconstitutionality of the statute and refused to defend it in court. Consequently, Alan Karcher, Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly, and Carmen Orechio, President of the New Jersey Senate, moved to intervene (under Rule 24 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure) as defendants on behalf of the Legislature; the court granted the motion. In 1983, the District Court found that the purpose of the statute was religious, and deemed the law unconstitutional on First Amendment grounds.
Karcher and Orechio appealed, although by the time of filing their terms as Speaker and President had expired; their successors, Chuck Hardwick and John F. Russo, joined the executive officers in refusing to defend the constitutionality of the statute. Karcher and Orechio's lawyer, Rex E. Lee, nevertheless contended that their standing to continue to defend suit on the state's behalf remained, and also argued the purpose of the law was secular.
Opinion of the Court
The court found that the former legislative leaders lacked standing, but that that authority had passed by design to the current leaders of the New Jersey legislature. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor's majority decision was joined by six other justices, with Justice Byron White writing a concurring opinion. There was no ninth vote, as Justice Lewis F. Powell, Jr. had resigned earlier in the year, and no replacement had yet been confirmed.
As a result of this opinion, the district court ruling that the law was unconstitutional was left intact.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 484
References
External links
1987 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
United States lawsuits
Establishment Clause case law
New Jersey Legislature
Legal history of New Jersey
Religion and education
Professor Ray Donnelly MBE FRCS (born 1936) is a British cardiothoracic surgeon and founder of the UK's only lung cancer charity, the Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation.
Biography
Donnelly was born in Glasgow in 1936, graduated from St Mary's Hospital Medical School in 1961 and became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh in 1969. In 1973, they were a research fellow at Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, USA and in 1975 was appointed a Consultant in Liverpool specialising in paediatric cardiac and adult thoracic surgery. From 1979 they devoted themselves entirely to thoracic surgery, developing a number of innovative techniques.
Career
 They are the author of over 75 scientific papers. They have been been elected to membership of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery, the European Association for Cardiothoracic Surgery and the Society of Thoracic Surgeons USA. They served on the National Executive of the Society of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgeons of Great Britain and Ireland and was chairperson of the Medical Research Council Working Party on cancer of the oesophagus.
They have been visiting professor to several universities abroad. They retired from surgical practice in 1998 and was appointed Professor of Lung Cancer Studies at Liverpool John Moores University, where they had previously been appointed an Honorary Fellow.
In 1990 Donnelly founded the Lung Cancer Fund to promote an intensive research programme into the causes, prevention and management of the disease. In 1993 they began development of an international centre for lung cancer research in Liverpool. Roy Castle was approached to give their name to the appeal to build the centre and twelve months after Roy died, the Trustees of the Lung Cancer Fund agreed to a proposal from Donnelly in 1995 to change the name of the charity to the Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation. Donnelly Stepped down as chairperson in 1998 and retired as medical director of the foundation in March 2000, having been appointed vice president of the charity. They became president of the foundation in 2001.
In 1991, Professor Donnelly carried out the first keyhole surgery to remove a lung cancer.
In 1997, they opened a new Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation office in their home town of Glasgow, to provide patient information and support.
In 1998, they opened the world-renowned, international lung cancer research centre, in Liverpool.
In 2009, Professor Donnelly was appointed MBE by the Queen
In 2015, the charity they founded announced it was acquiring the award-winning, anti-tobacco short films competition for young people, Cut Films.
They have written three books: Cinderella Cancer, a personal history of the Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation, Roy Castle Remembered, and With Jesus to Calvary, reflections on the Stations of the Cross in verse.
They have been married for 54 years and has five children and six grandchildren. They enjoy their family, golf and writing.
References
External links
Roy Castle Lung Cancer Foundation
1936 births
Living people
British surgeons
Cobbetts LLP was a full service British corporate law firm, with offices in Birmingham, Leeds, London and Manchester. Its main areas of work were dispute resolution, real estate, corporate and employment law. It had particular expertise in acting for mining companies looking to float on AIM.
Cobbetts had total revenues of £45.4 million in 2011/12, the 62nd-largest of any UK-based law firm in that financial year. Cobbetts entered administration in January 2013 and in February the bulk of its assets were acquired by rival Manchester-based law firm DWF LLP.
History
Cobbetts was founded in Manchester during the first half of the nineteenth century as Cobbett, Wheeler and Cobbett by the sons of William Cobbett, the journalist and polemicist. It became Cobbett Leak Almond after the acquisition of Leak Almond and Parkinson in 1987. The firm shortened its name to simply 'Cobbetts' in 1996.
Further mergers with Read Hind Stewart of Leeds and Lee Crowder of Birmingham followed in 2002 and 2004 respectively. The London office was opened in 2004 to service corporate clients acquired through niche Manchester firm Fox Brooks Marshall in 2003.
On 30 January 2013 it was announced that Cobbetts would be entering administration, having filed a notice of intention to appoint administrators on 28 January 2013, and was now up for sale.
On 31 January 2013 it was announced that the Manchester-based law firm DWF had agreed to acquire the bulk of Cobbetts' assets in a "pre-pack" transaction. The acquisition was completed on 7 February 2013. Cobbetts' finance litigation practice and debt recovery team Incasso did not form part of the acquisition, with the former moving to Leeds-based firm Walker Morris and the latter being acquired by the Redditch-based debt recovery firm HL Legal.
References
Law firms of the United Kingdom
Law firms established in the 19th century
19th-century establishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct law firms of the United Kingdom
Law firms disestablished in 2013
2013 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Under the current Sharia law, women's football in Brunei Darussalam is prohibited. Though women were banned from playing, football was the second most popular sport in the country for women. There are no registered female players in the country. While there is officially no support for women's football in the country, only foreign girls at Berakas International School are allowed to play within the school campus. There are also some women futsal teams set up as regional representatives on occasion.
Team
The country's kit colours are gold shirts, black shorts, and gold socks.
As of 2019, the women's national team has not competed at the Women's World Cup. In 2005, the country was one of seven teams that included Thailand, Indonesia, East Timor, Malaysia, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Myanmar and Singapore, that were expected to field a women's football team to compete at the Southeast Asian Games in Marikina in December. As of 2006, there was no official senior a team or junior national team. In March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA.
References
Football in Brunei
Brunei national football team
Women's sport in Brunei
Sphaerodoridae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera
Genera:
Amocrodorum Kudenov, 1987
Clavodorum Hartman & Fauchald, 1971
References
Phyllodocida
Saint Richard is Richard of Chichester (aka Richard of Wyche, Richard of Wych, Richard of Droitwich, Richard of Burford).
Saint Richard may also refer to:
Richard the Pilgrim, supposed father of Saints Willibald, Winibald, and Walpurga
Richard of Andria
Richard of Vaucelles
Richard Reynolds
Richard Gwyn
Richard Pampuri
Richard Martin (martyr), English
See also
Title and name disambiguation pages
Kasey James French (born January 19, 1997) is an American soccer player who currently plays college soccer at the University of Washington.
Career
French has been part of the Seattle Sounders FC Academy since 2012. On February 6, 2015, it was announced that French signed a letter of intent to play college soccer at the University of Washington. However, they did not join the Huskies as they continued to play for the Sounders U18's. On March 30, they made their professional debut for Seattle Sounders FC 2 in a 4–0 over Whitecaps FC 2.
On February 3, 2016, French would once again sign to play college soccer at the University of Washington, joining fellow academy teammates Handwalla Bwana and John Magnus.
References
External links
USSF Development Academy bio
1997 births
Living people
American soccer players
Washington Huskies men's soccer players
Tacoma Defiance players
Seattle Sounders FC U-23 players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Washington (state)
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
People from Lacey, Washington
Hrysoula Stefanaki (Χρυσούλα Στεφανάκη) is a Greek singer and musician, born in Heraklion, Crete, Greece, best known for their performances with David Nachmias on Greek retro (interwar era) songs such as "Tango Notturno", "Blue Haven", "The Last Waltz" etc.
Early years
Stefanaki started playing piano very early in their childhood at the age of five. Them parents cultivated their natural musical talent by enrolling them for piano lessons at the age of six, along with guitar, theory and harmony at the "Apollo Conservatory of Music" at Heraklion, Crete. This journey lasted 12 years. Later, they continued their music education with voice lessons at the "Olympic Athens Conservatory".
They started ballet lessons as well at the age of six for five continuous years.
The dream to become an actor pushed them to participate in several school plays throughout their school years.
They learned traditional Cretan dances in the dance school of Lazarus Hnaris. Them love for Cretan music, drove them to follow their father (a Cretan folk dancer), to traditional festivals of Crete, where they refined their dancing competence.
While in high school, Stefanaki participated in "Korae" choir as well as in the choir of St. Menas church under the direction of Mrs Xylouris.
During a festival at their senior year of high school, where they played guitar and sang, they were offered to sing professionally at a known piano restaurant at Heraklion. This milestone signaled their professional journey as a singer.
Collaborations
In 1996, Manolis Lidakis proposed a collaboration and they worked together during summer concerts. That first summer was followed by several collaborations with Greek singers such as:
1997, with George Hatzinasios and Stefanos Korkolis.
1999 to 2002, with Vicky Moscholiou.
2001, with Yannis Spanos.
2004, with Mimis Plessas and Dimitris Mitropanos.
2005, with Costas Macedonas, Dimitris Basis and Glykeria.
2007, with Christos Nikolopoulos.
2008, with Manolis Mitsias.
Stefanaki participated in numerous concerts in Greece and abroad with most of the artists mentioned above. Since 2005, Stefanaki has performed with pianist David Nachmias on a show entitled From Attik to Gounares, featuring Greek retro/Jazz songs written between 1910 and 1950.
Discography
1997: Participation in the CD titled Damned 70's (Καταραμένο'70) with remakes of old folk songs produced by Mirror.
2002: Vocalist on the soundtrack entitled As long as there is love (Όσο υπάρχει αγάπη) with music by Marios Strofalis, produced by Heaven.
2010: For a woman (Για μια Γυναίκα), a personal collection of mid-war era Greek songs arranged by David Nachmias.
2010–2011: Worked with Dimitris Basis and Yannis Kotsiras, in Thessaloniki and Athens
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Musicians from Heraklion
Greek jazz musicians
21st-century Greek women singers
Greek rhythm and blues singers
Greek jazz singers
Tango singers
20th-century Greek women singers
Colfax stewensi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae; it is the only species in the genus Colfax.
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
Beetles described in 1920
Frederick Garnett "Fred" Watson AM (born 14 December) is an English-born astronomer and popular scientist in Australia. Australia's First Astronomer at Large, Fred's role with the Commonwealth Government of Australia, is integral in relaying the important aspects of Australian Astronomy, not only to the Federal Government, but the general public and associated organisations in Australia and beyond.
In 1995 Watson became astronomer in charge of the Australian Astronomical Observatory, but is best known for their work with science outreach, for which they have written many books, as well as musical and choral works. On top of their many nationwide radio slots with the ABC, Watson has also been a frequent guest on The Project. In January 2010, Watson was made a member of the Order of Australia for service to astronomy, particularly the promotion and popularisation of space science through public outreach.  They are a frequent guest on space nuts podcast with Andrew Dunkley.
Early life
Watson was born in 1944 near Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire in England, where they attended Belle Vue Boys' School. They completed their higher education at the University of St Andrews, Scotland, where they obtained a degree in mathematics and physics in 1967. In 1975 they completed their master's degree in astronomy at the St Andrews and gained their PhD from the University of Edinburgh in 1987.
Watson confesses developing "an early love of music", which they used to help pay for their studies by playing the guitar in folk clubs, and which they now apply in their work with Science Outreach.
Career
Astronomy
Watson is currently Australia's First Astronomer at Large, with the Australian Commonwealth Government Department of Industry, Science, Energy and Resources. Their role gives them what most of us might consider the ideal job: observing the night sky and conveying its wonder to the general public.
Until 2016 Watson was the astronomer-in-charge and head of lighting and environment at the Australian Astronomical Observatory, a division of the Commonwealth Department of Industry and Science, which operates the Anglo-Australian and UK Schmidt telescopes on behalf of the astronomical community of Australia. To this end the observatory is part of, and is funded by, the Australian Government. Its function is to provide world-class observing facilities for Australian optical astronomers.
Watson's background is in observational astronomy, photonics, spectroscopy and instrumentation with research interests in large-scale spectroscopic surveys and the history of science. Their current scientific activities centre around the RAVE survey, the GALAH galactic archaeology survey and the two forthcoming surveys – Taipan (galaxies) and FunnelWeb (stars).
Watson was the project manager for the Radial Velocity Experiment (RAVE), measuring the radial velocities and metallicities of up to 1 million stars in the Milky Way Galaxy and was active in developing instrumentation for this project by developing robotic wide-field fibre-optics systems for the 1.2 m UK Schmidt Telescope and the 4.2 m William Herschel Telescope.
The countries taking part in RAVE were Australia, Canada, Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Slovenia, the UK and the US. Professor Matthias Steinmetz, director of the Leibnitz Astrophysical Institute at Potsdam in Germany, led the collaboration. The research team completed the project, which was aimed at learning where stars in our galaxy were born, and how the galaxy has grown and changed over time.
From 2003 the RAVE team collected data on the brightness, colour, distance and movements of almost half a million stars, revealing a 'dwarf' galaxy swallowed and shredded by our own galaxy, stars with unusual chemistry, and the way our galaxy wobbles. It has also re-weighed the galaxy.
The light from the stars was captured with optical fibres, precisely positioned by a robot. The robot picks up optical fibres, one by one, and places them on a metal plate in the telescope. Each fibre is in the right place to catch the light from a single star. By using many fibres, more than 100 stars can be studied at the same time. Travelling down the tiny glass threads, the starlight enters an instrument that spreads it out into its component wavelengths or 'colours', the way a prism does. These colours tell astronomers about the chemical elements a star contains and how it is moving. From that, the astronomers can work out how old the stars are, where they came from, and how they are related. And that's the key that unlocks the history of our Galaxy.
All this was achieved with the UK Schmidt Telescope (UKST). After the bushfire on 13 January 2014, and almost a decade of work, astronomers using the telescope finished writing the first chapter in the history of our galaxy.
Watson is an adjunct professor in the University of New South Wales, Western Sydney University, University of Southern Queensland and the Queensland University of Technology.  They are also an honorary fellow at Macquarie University.
Other positions currently held:
Honorary professor of astronomy, University of Southern Queensland
Adjunct Professor, School of Physical and Chemical Sciences, Queensland University of Technology
Adjunct Professor, James Cook University
Board member of the New South Wales Foundation for Public Education
Member of the Education Advisory Group of the Australian Square Kilometre Array Steering Committee
Chair Siding Spring Dark Sky Committee
Member of the AAO executive
Member of the RAVE executive board
Member of the 6dF Galaxy Survey project team
Chair of the Siding Spring Dark Skies Working Group (since 1999)
Chair of LOCs for various conferences and workshops (2005–14)
Member of the National Organising Committee for the International Year of Light 2015
6dF robotic fibre system project scientist (1998–2001); Ukidna co-project scientist (2003)
c Support astronomer on the AAT and UKST
Patronages
Astronomer-at-Large, Australian Government, Department of Industry, Science, Energy and Resources.
Adjunct Professor University of Sydney
Adjunct Professor University of New South Wales
Adjunct Professor University of Southern Queensland
Adjunct Professor Western Sydney University
Adjunct Professor University of Wollongong
Honorary Fellow, Macquarie University
Mind in Residence, Questacon, Canberra
Patron, Australasian Dark Sky Alliance
Patron, Great Melbourne Telescope Restoration Project
Patron, Sutherland Astronomical Society Inc.
Patron, Port Macquarie Astronomical Association Inc.
Patron, Macquarie University Observatory
Science outreach
Watson averages 250 radio and TV broadcasts, 60 popular-level talks and several popular-level articles per year. Their radio work is based around weekly segments and other guest slots, with commentaries on astronomy and space news. TV segments include regular appearances on ABC News 24 and The Project (Channel 10).
TV highlights include the "retrial" of Galileo on Compass (ABC 1, 2010), and a much-publicised 60 Minutes segment on the Large Hadron Collider (Nine Network, 2012).
Talks have included the AAO/ANU Bart Bok Lecture (1996), the Australian Institute of Physics Youth Lecture Series, Western Australia, Queensland and Tasmania (2001–02), the AAO Allison Levick Lecture (Birmingham, UK, 2005), and the Peter Canisius Public Lecture (Buffalo, NY, 2005). Frequent talks have been given at USQ, QUT, UNSW, UWS, the Australian Museum, Australian Geographic, NSW Education Department, Royal Institution of Australia, etc. Other appearances include the Adelaide Writers' Festival, 2009, the Sydney Writers' Festival, 2008, 2010 and 2013, the Melbourne Writers' Festival, 2013, TEDx events (Macquarie University 2012, QUT 2013 and Pittwater 2014), and on board MV Sun Princess (2012). The Fred Watson Presents... series of popular science talks in Sydney began in 2014, and have continued in 2015.
They have also written a wide cross-section of the public read articles written by Watson in Australian Geographic, and Sir Patrick Moore's Yearbook of Astronomy in the UK.
Podcast
Since 2016, Fred has been a regular podcaster with the ex-ABC presenter, Andrew Dunkley, on the astronomy-themed show "SpaceNuts". This popular podcast has over 1 million downloads each year and covers all things Space – news, travel, discoveries, mysteries and more...Website: www.bitesz.com
Awards
2003 David Allen Prize from the Astronomical Society of Australia "for communicating astronomy to the public"
2004 asteroid 5691 was named "Fredwatson" in their honour by the International Astronomical Union (although they are always at pains to point out that if it hits the Earth, it won't be their fault)
2005 Warrumbungle Shire's Coonabarabran Citizen of the Year
2005 Rotary NSW Northern District Award for Vocational Excellence
2006 Australian Museum Eureka Prize for Science Communication
2008 Queensland Literary Prize for Science Writing for Why is Uranus Upside Down? and Other Questions About the Universe
2010 Member of the Order of Australia "for service to astronomy, particularly the promotion and popularisation of space science through public outreach".
2013 Bragg UNSW Press Prize for Science Writing for Here come the ubernerds: Planets, Pluto and Prague (from Star-Craving Mad: Tales from a travelling astronomer, Allen & Unwin)
Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
APRA Choral Work of the Year award for their contribution on Star Chant, a choral symphony by the Australian composer Ross Edwards, which also used celestial images by David Malin, and premiered at the Adelaide Festival in 2002
Books
Watson has written several popular science books. In 2022, their childhood passion for drawing led them to transition from publishing books for adults, to not only write but illustrate a children's book entitled Spacewarp, Colliding Stars and other Cosmic Catastrophes.
Binoculars, Opera Glasses and Field Glasses, published by Shire Album
Stargazer, the life and Times of the Telescope, published by Allen & Unwin, with versions available in America, The Netherlands, Korea, and most recently Japan
"Universe", published by HarperCollins
Why is Uranus upside down?, published by Allen & Unwin, with a UK version published by Summersdale; received the 2008 Queensland Literary Prize for Science Writing
Star-Craving Mad: Tales from a travelling astronomer published by Allen & Unwin
Cosmic Chronicles published by NSW Publishing
Spacewarp, Colliding Stars and other Cosmic Catastrophes a children's book published by NSW Publishing
Papers and articles: List of 300 publications. About half are specialist technical and research papers, and the remainder popular-level articles (including the
regular 'Space' column in Australian Geographic since 2005).
Music
Watson has collaborated with composer Michael Sollis and the Griffyn Ensemble to perform Urmas Sisask's Southern Sky. and to compose Northern Lights
Star Chant is a collaboration with Australian Composer Ross Edwards. This was the fourth choral symphony written by Edwards, for which Watson wrote the libretto. As a multi-media work, celestial images by David Malin are included. Star Chant premiered at the Adelaide Festival in March 2002, and has also been performed at the Sydney Opera House.Star Chant received several awards, including 2008 APRA award for the Choral work of the Year.
An Alien Like You (2009) is a light-hearted look at the Universe with excerpts from the book Why is Uranus upside down? with Fred playing folk guitar and singing.
Watson contributed the libretto for a further Edwards choral piece, Mountain Chant, which was first performed by the Melbourne Chorale in June 2003.
Travelling
Since 2007, Watson has been a special guest and key instigator in astronomy tourism ventures. This provides a new vehicle for engaging the public in science is tourism. While taking leave from AAO Fred has led the following tours:When the Stones Speak—An Archaeoastronomy Tour of Peru, Oct/Nov 2007
· Stargazer—the birth of the telescope, UK, Netherlands, Denmark, Italy, Sept/Oct 2008
· Guide to the Southern Skies aboard MV Orion in Indonesia and the Kimberley, Jun/Jul 2009
· Stargazer IIKepler to Collider, Germany, Czech Rep., Switzerland, France, May/Jun 2010
· Fire in the Sky aurora borealis tour, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Iceland, Jan 2012
· Spirits in the Sky aurora tour, Finland, Estonia, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Feb 2012
· In the Face of the Sun Venus transit tour, Canberra, Parkes, Coonabarabran, June 2012
· Australian Eclipse Queensland total eclipse tour, Palm Cove, Maitland Downs, Nov 2012
· Fire in the Sky II aurora borealis tour, Sweden, Norway, Iceland, Denmark, Jan 2013
· Southern Sky Safari astro/wildlife, S. Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe, May 2013
· Night Sky Dreaming outback history tour, Victoria, NSW, Aug 2013
· Discovery Recovery post Wambelong Fire NSW telescope tour, Oct 2013
· Hawaiian Fire + New Mexico – New Horizons, USA tours, Apr 2014
· Starfest NSW telescope tour, Oct 2014
· SAMI Skies aurora borealis tour of Sweden and Norway, Nov 2014
· Astromusica tour of southern Norway, Latvia, Estonia, Finland, Dec 2014
· Einstein Equations, France, Germany, Switzerland + Faroes Eclipse, Mar 2015
· Gravitating to Galápagos, Chile, Ecuador, Galápagos, Oct 2015
· Flocking to Lord Howe Feb/Mar 2016
· Craic Expectations (Eire) Aug 2016 + Great British Thinkers (UK) Aug/Sep 2016
· SAMI Skies II (aurora tour, Arctic Norway, Sweden, Iceland) Feb 2017
· US Eclipse, California, Wyoming, Aug 2017
· Omazing Oman, Oman, Mar 2018 + Egypt and the Ancient Sky, Egypt, Mar 2018
· South American Eclipse, Argentina, Brazil, Patagonia + Atacama Highlights, Jun/Jul 2019
· Sky & Telescope and Starfest, NSW telescope tour, Oct 2019
· Aurora New Year, Arctic Norway, Sweden, Dec 2019/Jan 2020
· Alpine to Coast, NSW Alpine Region and south coast, Oct 2020
Bibliography
Books
Articles
Notes
References
External links
http://www.fredwatsontours.com.au/
https://web.archive.org/web/20090905000538/http://www.aao.gov.au/AAO/local/www/fgw/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120307132044/http://www.allenandunwin.com/default.aspx?page=311&author=306
Foundation for Public Education
1944 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Australian Geographic people
20th-century Australian astronomers
Australian science writers
English emigrants to Australia
James Cook University faculty
Members of the Order of Australia
People educated at Belle Vue Boys' Grammar School, Bradford
Scientists from Bradford
Queensland University of Technology faculty
University of Southern Queensland faculty
21st-century Australian astronomers
Nice Guys is a 1979 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago, their first to appear on the ECM label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Al Campbell awarded the album 4½ stars noting that "Nice Guys was the first Art Ensemble of Chicago album released after a five-year recording hiatus and the group's first for the ECM label. During those five years, the Art Ensemble toured Europe and continued to expand its compositional, improvisational, and theatrical jazz fundamentals, captured abundantly on Nice Guys... the album reveals how the AEC managed to turn individual compositions into a fully realized, surprisingly accessible, avant garde group collective". Down Beat critic Art Lange writes that Nice Guys, while not the Art Ensemble's best album, "is possibly their most representative, a variegated showcase illustrating much of what they do best."The Penguin Guide to Jazz awarded the album 3 stars out of 4 stating "'much of the music seems almost formulaic, the improvisation limited".
Track listing
"Ja" (Lester Bowie) – 8:43
"Nice Guys" (Roscoe Mitchell) – 1:45
"Folkus" (Don Moye) – 11:03
"597–59" (Joseph Jarman) – 6:46
"CYP" (Mitchell) – 4:53
"Dreaming of the Master" (Jarman) – 11:40
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet, celeste, bass drum
Malachi Favors Maghostut: bass, percussion instruments, melodica
Joseph Jarman: saxophones, clarinets, percussion instruments, vocal
Roscoe Mitchell: saxophones, clarinets, flute, percussion instruments
Don Moye: drums, percussion, vocal
References
1979 albums
ECM Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Stay Gold is the third studio album by Swedish indie folk duo First Aid Kit, released on 6 June 2014 in mainland Europe and on 13 June elsewhere. The album was produced by Mike Mogis, who worked on the band's previous album, The Lion's Roar.
According to an interview with Sveriges Television, the album revolves more about their own life than their previous ones. "That one has to learn to appreciate what is and that all flows, that nothing stays". Stay Gold introduced new elements to First Aid Kit's music, such as a 16-piece orchestra, arranged and orchestrated by Nathaniel Walcott. Their previous albums had been produced in such a way that would allow the band to perform with three people on stage; however, these limitations have been lifted to give the band a bigger, more fulfilling sound.
Critical reception
The album received acclaim from many music critics, gaining an overall metacritic score of 80, indicating generally favorable reviews. Scott Kerr of AllMusic noted that the album is "noticeably more expansive than any of their previous work", and "has a rich texture of classic country instrumentation and stirring string arrangements, matching their soaring vocal melodies." The music review site musicOMH complimented on the larger sound that came from the band utilising more instruments, as well as the sister's "new-found, beefed up timbres". It also described the album as "[P]erfectly poised to knock you for six this summer". Andy Gill of The Independent judged the album "an engaging, youthful and thoughtful folk-rock", although James Hall of The Daily Telegraph thought the album "closer to country than folk", and wondered if "it's aimed at cracking the United States". Stephen M. Deusner of Pitchfork thought that the Söderbergs sisters "remain romantics in an unromantic world, not only writing lyrics about fighting the good fight but making the kind of wide-eyed, ‘70s-tinged folk-rock that thrives on soaring vocals, warm harmonies, big choruses, and heart-on-sleeve lyrics." They also considered the album "certainly their grandest and arguably their most consistent release to date". Leonie Cooper of NME thought that the duo had mastered "the art of sophisticated sadness", and "carefully crafted a tender batch of songs that disarm not only with their beauty but also their honesty."
A few critics however gave the album a mixed review. Randall Roberts of the Los Angeles Times found that "the group often sounds more derivative than it does inspired", not helped by its "clumsy lyrics".
On 10 July, Billboard listed "My Silver Lining" as one of the ten best songs of 2014 (so far) in their Mid-Year Music 2014 list.
In November 2014, American Songwriter listed Stay Gold at number ten in their 2014 top 50 album list. On 1 December, Paste Magazine listed it as 9th in their top 50 album list and the song "My Silver Lining" as 19th in their top 50 song list. The album ranked number seven on Gigwise's 50 Best Albums of 2014. Rolling Stone magazine listed Master Pretender as 35th in their top 50 songs of 2014 list. BBC Radio 6 Music listed 'Stay Gold' album as 3rd in their 2014 album list.
Jessica Goodman and Ryan Kistobak of The Huffington Post included the album on their list of 2014's best releases. Goldman noted that the album sounds "confident" and "more mature" while complimenting that "the duo has settled their folksy sound into a grand and far-reaching formula that delivers real talk lines".
On 25 February 2015, the album won the Swedish Grammis award for 2014 "Album of the Year". On 3 February 2016, First Aid Kit received special Best Selling Americana Album of 2015 award for their album Stay Gold from Americana Music Association UK.
On 22 November 2019 Stay Gold album was listed at number six in the Paste magazine's 40 best folk albums of the 2010s list.
Commercial performance
Stay Gold debuted at number one on the Swedish Albums Chart. By the end of August, the album was still in the top three and had been certified gold; in January 2015, it was still in the top 20 and was certified a platinum by the Swedish Recording Industry Association (GLF). It also debuted at number 11 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 11,281 copies sold in its first week. On 2 January 2015, it was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). Following the duo's UK tour and their appearance on The Graham Norton Show on 30 January 2015, the album climbed from number 54 to number 11 with 7,726 copies sold. The following week, it spent a second consecutive week at number 11. Stay Gold was certified gold by the BPI on 3 April 2015, denoting shipments in excess of 100,000 copies.
By December 2014, the album had sold nearly 200,000 copies worldwide.
Track listing
Personnel
Klara Söderberg - vocals (1–10), guitar (1–10), percussion (2)
Johanna Söderberg - vocals (1–10), keyboard (1–10), autoharp (1–10), percussion (2)
Benkt Söderberg - bass (1–9), percussion (2)
Niclas Lindström - drums (1–9), percussion (1–9)
Brian Sherwood - viola (1, 3, 4, 7, 10)
Jeffery King - violin (1)
Mike Mogis - bass (1, 2), percussion (1–3, 5–9), pedal steel (2, 4, 7), Marxophone (2), electric guitar (2, 4, 9), lap dulcimer (2), mandolin (2, 9), programming (3, 5), autoharp (3), acoustic guitar (6)
Nathaniel Walcott - string and woodwind arrangements, piano (1, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10), organ (2, 5, 6, 7, 9), electric piano (5), trumpet (7)
Paul Ledwon - cello (1, 3, 4, 7, 10)
Susanna Gilmore - violin (1)
Ben Brodin - Mellotron (2), vibraphone (8)
John Klinghammer - clarinet (2–4, 6, 8), bass clarinet (2–4, 6, 8)
Leslie Fagan - flute (2–4, 6, 8), alto flute (2–4, 6, 8)
Anna Söderberg - percussion (2)
Isak Söderberg - percussion (2)
Dan Fletcher - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Frank Seligman - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Judy Divis - viola (3, 4, 7, 10)
Juliet Yoshida - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Keith Plenert - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Phyllis Duncan - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Scott Shoemaker - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Thomas Kluge - viola (3, 4, 7, 10)
Tim Strang - cello (3, 4, 7, 10)
Tracy Dunn - violin (3, 4, 7, 10)
Will Clifton - upright bass (3, 10)
Produced, mixed and engineered by Mike Mogis at ARC Studios, Omaha, NE
Assistant engineer: Ben Brodin
Mastered by Doug Van Sloun at Focus Mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2014 albums
Albums produced by Mike Mogis
Columbia Records albums
First Aid Kit (band) albums
The Underground Railroad is a historical fiction novel by American author Colson Whitehead, published by Doubleday in 2016. The alternate history novel tells the story of Cora, a slave in the antebellum South during the 19th century, who makes a bid for freedom from their Georgia plantation by following the Underground Railroad, which the novel depicts as a rail transport system with safe houses and secret routes. The book was a critical and commercial success, hitting the bestseller lists and winning several literary awards, including the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction, the National Book Award for Fiction, the Arthur C. Clarke Award, and the 2017 Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence. A TV miniseries adaptation, written and directed by Barry Jenkins, was released in May 2021.
Plot
The book alternates between the perspective of the lead character, Cora, and chapters told from a different character's perspective. The featured characters are: Ajarry, Cora's grandmother; Ridgeway, a slave catcher; Stevens, a South Carolina doctor conducting a social experiment; Ethel, the wife of a North Carolina station agent; Caesar, a fellow slave who escapes the plantation with Cora; and Mabel, Cora's mother. The chapter locations are: Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, Tennessee, Indiana, and (an undefined) "North".
Cora is a slave on a plantation in Georgia and an outcast after their mother Mabel ran off without them They resent Mabel for escaping, although it is later revealed that their mother tried to return to Cora but died from a snake bite and never reached them Caesar approaches Cora about a plan to flee. Reluctant at first, they eventually agree as their situation with their master and fellow slaves worsens. During their escape, they encounter a group of slave catchers, who capture Cora's young friend Lovey. Cora is forced to kill a teenage boy to protect themselves and Caesar, eliminating any possibility of merciful treatment should they be recaptured. With the help of an inexperienced abolitionist, Cora and Caesar find the Underground Railroad, depicted as a literal underground train system that runs throughout the south, transporting runaways northwards. They take a train to South Carolina.
Upon learning of their escape, Ridgeway begins a hunt for the pair, largely in revenge for Mabel, who is the only escapee they have ever failed to capture. Cora and Caesar have taken up comfortable residence in South Carolina under assumed names. South Carolina is enacting a program where the government owns former slaves but employs them, provides medical treatment, and gives them communal housing. The two enjoy their time there and put off the decision to leave until Cora learns of plans to sterilize black women and use black men as test subjects in an experiment to track the spread and degenerative effects of syphilis. Ridgeway arrives before the two can leave and Cora is forced to return to the Railroad alone. They later learns that Caesar was killed by an angry mob after having been caught and jailed by Ridgeway.
Cora eventually arrives in a closed-down station in North Carolina.  They are found by Martin, the son of the station's former operator. North Carolina has recently decided to abolish slavery, using indentured servants instead, and violently executes any runaway slaves found in the state (as well as some freedmen). Martin, terrified of what the North Carolinians might do to an abolitionist, hides Cora in their attic for several months. Cora becomes ill and is reluctantly treated by Martin's wife, Ethel. While Cora is down from the attic, a raid is conducted on the house, and they are recaptured by Ridgeway, while Martin and Ethel are executed by the mob.
Ridgeway takes Cora back toward Georgia, detouring through Tennessee to return another slave to their master. While stopped in Tennessee, Ridgeway's traveling party is attacked by the free-born Royal and two escaped slaves, who release Cora. Cora travels to a farm in Indiana owned by a free black man named Valentine, along with Royal. The farm is populated by a number of freedmen and escapees, living and working in harmony. Royal, an operator on the Railroad, begins a romantic relationship with Cora, although they remain hesitant because of a rape by other slaves in their childhood.
A small faction of freedmen, fearing that their peaceful life will be ruined by the presence of escaped slaves, oppose the harboring of non-members of the community. Eventually, the farm is burned and many people, including Royal, are killed in a raid by white Hoosiers. Various theories are held concerning the source of the attack. Ridgeway recaptures Cora and forces them to take them to a closed-down Railroad station nearby. When they arrive, they push them down a flight of stairs, severely injuring him. When last seen, they are whispering thoughts on the "American imperative" to Homer, who writes them in their journal. Cora then runs off down the tracks. Eventually, they emerge from underground to find a caravan traveling out West.  They are given a ride by one of the wagons' black drivers.
Literary influences and parallels
In the "Acknowledgments", Whitehead mentions two famous escaped slaves: "Frederick Douglass and Harriet Jacobs, obviously." While in Jacobs's native North Carolina, Cora has to hide in an attic where, like Jacobs, they are not able to stand, but like them can observe the outside life through a hole that "had been carved from the inside, the work of a previous occupant". Martin Ebel, who observed this parallel in a review for the Swiss Tages-Anzeiger, also observes that the "Freedom Trail", where the victims of North Carolinian lynchings hang from trees, has a historic predecessor in the crosses the Romans raised along the Appian Way to kill the slaves who had joined Spartacus' slave rebellion, written on by Arthur Koestler in their novel The Gladiators. Ridgeway reminds Ebel of inspector Javert, the hero's merciless persecutor in Victor Hugo's Les misérables.
In The New Yorker, Kathryn Schulz likens Ridgeway to both Captain Ahab of Moby-Dick and the slave catcher August Pullman of the TV series Underground: "Ridgeway ... and August Pullman, in "Underground," are Ahab-like characters, privately and demonically obsessed with tracking down specific fugitives". Both Ahab and Ridgeway have a soft spot for a black boy: Ahab for the cabin-boy Pip, and Ridgeway for 10-year-old Homer, whom they bought as a slave and set free the next day.
In Whitehead's North Carolina, all blacks have been "abolished". Martin Ebel observes the parallel to the Nazi exterminations of Jews and also the parallel between Cora's concealment and Anne Frank's. Another parallel to literature on Nazi Germany may be found in the erection of three gallows by Cora's plantation master. They had the three gallows erected for Cora and their two fellow fugitives to put them to a cruel death as soon as each is returned. In Anna Seghers's novel The Seventh Cross, written in exile between 1938 and 1942, seven prisoners escape from a concentration camp, and the camp commander has a cross erected for each of them to be tortured there after being returned.
Reception
Critical reception
The novel received positive reviews from critics. Reviewers praised it for its commentary on the past and present of the United States.
In 2019, The Underground Railroad was ranked 30th on The Guardians list of the 100 best books of the 21st century. The novel was voted the greatest of its decade in Paste and was third place (along with Jennifer Egan's A Visit from the Goon Squad) in a list by Literary Hub.
Honors and awards
The novel has received a number of awards, including the 2017 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the 2016 National Book Award for Fiction. The previous book to win both the Pulitzer and the National Book prizes was The Shipping News, by E. Annie Proulx, in 1993. While awarding the Pulitzer Prize, the committee recognized this novel for a "smart melding of realism and allegory that combines the violence of slavery and the drama of escape in a myth that speaks to contemporary America". The Underground Railroad was also awarded the Arthur C. Clarke Award for science fiction literature and the 2017 Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence, and was longlisted for the 2017 Man Booker Prize. When The Underground Railroad was published in the United States in August 2016, it was selected for Oprah's Book Club.
On August 5, 2020, a crater on Pluto's moon Charon was named Cora, after the character in the novel, by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature.
Television adaptation
It was announced in March 2017 that Amazon was making a limited drama series based on The Underground Railroad, written and directed by Barry Jenkins. The series was released on Amazon Prime Video on May 14, 2021.
See also
Tuskegee Syphilis Study
References
2016 American novels
Novels by Colson Whitehead
Novels about American slavery
Pulitzer Prize for Fiction-winning works
National Book Award for Fiction winning works
American alternate history novels
American magic realism novels
Novels set in Georgia (U.S. state)
Novels set in South Carolina
Novels set in North Carolina
Novels set in Tennessee
Novels set in Indiana
Works about the Underground Railroad
American novels adapted into television shows
Raul Martínez Gárcia (born 27 June 1991 in Elche) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. They won the gold medal at the 2018 Mediterranean Games on the Men's 80 kg weight category.
They represented Spain at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the men's 80 kg weight class.
References
External links
Spanish male taekwondo practitioners
Living people
1991 births
Universiade medalists in taekwondo
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in taekwondo
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Universiade silver medalists for Spain
Taekwondo practitioners at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic taekwondo practitioners of Spain
The Battle of La Ebonal was fought in December 1859 near Brownsville, Texas during the First Cortina War. Following the Brownsville Raid, on September 28, and a few skirmishes with the Texas Rangers, rebel leader Juan Cortina led their small army into the hills outside of town and dug in near a series of cattle ranches. The United States Army responded by sending an expedition into the area, under the command of Major Samuel P. Heintzelman, with orders to pacify all resistance. A minor battle began on December 13, at a ranch called La Ebonal, and continued for a few hours as the Americans routed and then pursued the retreating Cortinistas.
Background
The First Cortina War began on September 28, 1859 when Juan Cortina led about seventy-five men into Brownsville to punish the town marshal for past grievances. After killing between four and six people, releasing the prisoners from the town jail, and taking whatever arms and ammunition, the Cortinistas fled northwest to Rancho del Carmen, which was owned by Cortina's mother and used as their base for operations north of the river border. On October 12, the sheriff of Cameron County, James Browne, led a posse to the ranch and succeeded in arresting the sixty-year-old Tomas Cabrera, who was not only a close friend of Cortina but one of their chief lieutenants that had participated in the Brownsville raid. When Cortina found out what had happened to their friend, they issued an ultimatum to the people of Brownsville, threatening that they would "lay the town in ashes" if Cabrera was not released and if their enemies did not surrender to him. The situation quickly escalated from there. The citizens of Brownsville began constructing defenses, including a barricade to block the main road through town. They also formed a twenty-man militia, called the "Brownsville Tigers," which was sent to Rancho del Carmen and was hastily defeated by 300 rebels, who captured both of the Tigers' small artillery pieces. Cortina had their men build a forward base for their artillery outside of town and they formed a frontline close enough to Brownsville so that it could be seen by the Americans at the barricade. However, other than a shot from the cannon every morning at 6:00 am, there was no battle at the town itself. Over the next weeks, volunteers flocked to Cortina's camps from both sides of the border. Among their new recruits were some sixty Mexican criminals, who had broken out of the prison at Ciudad Victoria, and a band of Tampacaus native Americans from near Reynosa.
With Cortina's army growing stronger every day, the Americans sent for help and a force of Texas Rangers, under Captain William G. Tobin, was soon ordered to begin assembling in Brownsville. Cortina was well informed by their network of spies and sympathizers who lived in South Texas so they planned to ambush the rangers as they arrived in the area. On November 11, the morning after the arrival of the first rangers, Cortina was spotted coming down the road towards Brownsville, leading a body of an estimated 200 men. The American defenders quickly manned the barricades but Cortina decided not to attack and quietly withdrew back to base. The people of Brownsville panicked and, with the help of the rangers, an angry mob removed Cabrera from their cell and lynched them in Market Square. Cortina then hung three of their American prisoners before ambushing a small troop of rangers in the Palo Alto chaparral, near the Palo Alto Battlefield. In a fight that lasted less than one hour, three Americans were killed and four others were wounded. Their bodies were later found to have been "stripped and mutilated." In retaliation, Captain Tobin rode to the village of Santa Rita and burned it to the ground without any resistance. Later they moved up the river to attack Rancho del Carmen but again Cortina was victorious and the rangers were driven back to Brownsville by a "galling fire of round shot, grape and canister." Outgunned, about 100 Texas Rangers deserted and headed back north for home while those that remained waited for reinforcements.
At this point the United States Army became involved. On November 13, General David E. Twiggs ordered Major Samuel P. Heintzelman to lead an expedition of several hundred men to Brownsville. Though the major would be starting out from Old Camp Verde, in central Texas, many of the units placed under their command would be coming from distant states or territories, such as Kansas and Virginia. Because of this, Heinztelman issued orders for the majority of their men to rendezvous with them at Fort Merrill, on the Nueces River, and the remainder to assemble at Fort McIntosh, in Laredo, before beginning the final march to Brownsville. The major left Camp Verde on November 14 and arrived in Brownsville just before midnight on December 6, a journey of 332 miles. At that time, Heintzelman had with them two batteries from the 1st Artillery, under Lieutenants Douglas Ramsay and William Montrose Graham, Jr., a company from the 2nd Cavalry, under Captain George Stoneman, and two companies from the 8th Infantry, under Captains Arthur Tracy Lee and Charles Downer Jordan. Another battery of artillery, one company of cavalry, and a few more companies of infantry was still at Laredo. During all this time, Cortina's army grew to at least 400 men and a few artillery pieces but they were not well armed individually and had little or no military training. With information collected by Mayor Stephen Powers, District Judge Edmund J. Davis, and the filibuster José María Jesús Carbajal in Matamoros, Heintzelman concluded that Cortina probably had no more than 300 to 350 men, only 100 of whom were mounted. The Texas Rangers insisted that the number was at least 600.
Battle
Immediately after arriving in Brownsville, Major Heintzelman reoccupied Fort Brown, rested their troops for a few days, and organized the rangers and the militia into one unit under their command. They also waited for some artillery pieces to arrive from the army stores in Brazos Santiago. On the morning of December 13, when they were ready, Heintzelman began marching 165 men west, up the Rio Grande road, to Rancho del Carmen. The weather was cold and slightly rainy. Two miles outside of town, the soldiers were joined by a force of 125 Texas Rangers. Heintzelman wanted to use the rangers for reconnaissance but they refused to move through the dense chaparral along the road in fear of being ambushed. As they approached Rancho del Carmen, the rangers again hesitated to continue further but Judge Davis, who accompanied the expedition, was able to convince some of them to keep moving. When the expedition reached Rancho del Carmen, they found that the "ten-foot thick mesquite (wood) parapets" had only recently been abandoned. The rangers then fanned out as they were supposed to by taking positions on the flanks in front of the column. After advancing down the river road two miles further, Heintzelman spotted one of Cortina's men waving a Mexican flag in the distance. Seconds later, the Cortinistas started the engagement by firing a "four pound ball" down the road from their positions at the nearby Rancho la Ebonal. Heintzelman had their artillery return the fire immediately but the American gunners were inexperienced, having never fired live ammunition before. At first, the American artillery went flying well over the Cortinista fortifications but after a spotter was deployed to the top of a mesquite tree the fire became more accurate. A gunnery duel continued for some time but casualties remained light on both sides. A piece of canister hit the pommel of Judge Davis' saddle and another piece wounded a man in the thigh. A third piece killed a mule before striking an ammunition wagon and setting it on fire.
After softening up the rebel positions, Heintzelman took the initiative by dismounting the rangers and sending them forward to attack one of the enemy's flanks while the infantry and cavalry attacked the other. In the meantime, the artillery would hold the road along the river, in the center of the battlefield. Neither of the movements made very much progress though. Not just because of incoming fire but because of how thick the prairie was. As the advance slowed, the Cortinistas launched an attack of their own, hoping to capture the American artillery. However, the Americans repulsed the attack with musketry and afterwards found eight dead rebels on the field. One Texas Ranger was killed during the engagement while two others were wounded. Two soldiers also received wounds. When the fighting ceased, Major Heintzelman ordered their men to regroup and rest for two hours before continuing further down the road. The rebels made another stand a short distance away from La Ebonal and yet another four miles up the road that leads to Edinburg and Rio Grande City, at the ranch of Jesus de Leon. During the latter engagement, both the rangers and the soldiers routed the Cortinistas, most of whom fled further up the river while others crossed over to Mexico. One more ranger was mortally wounded while a second was badly wounded in the shoulder due to an accidental discharge. Heintzelman reported that they counted eight more dead Mexicans as they rode up to the De Leon Ranch but overall casualties were difficult to determine because many of the rebels were literally "blown to pieces" by artillery fire. After another halt, the expedition continued on. At a fork in the road near Cortina's Rancho San Jose, fifteen miles from Brownsville, the Americans found a path leading through the chaparral where the rebels had dragged one of their cannons. The rain was starting to get heavier though so Heintzelmen decided to make camp for the night and follow the path on the next morning.
It was after 8:00 am by the time the march started again, mostly because the rangers took their time breaking camp. Not long after, the Americans heard the sound of Mexican bugles in the distance, sounding the retreat. Heintzelman ordered their men to make haste but no more Cortinistas were found. The major assumed correctly that they had successfully dispersed Cortina's army so they turned the column around and went back to Fort Brown, arriving later that evening. The Texas Rangers burned down several abandoned homes during the return march. According to Heintzelman; "The Texas Rangers were burning all - friends and foes.... We would undoubtedly have done better without the Rangers." Heintzelman later found that Cortina themselves was not in charge of the rebels during the battle. They had gone north with 200 of their men, to conduct an ambush, and left their lieutenant, Teodoro Zamora, in command. However, when they heard the sound of cannon fire, Cortina rushed to the scene but apparently arrived too late to engage.
Aftermath
After arriving back in Brownsville and the fort, Heintzelman allowed their men to celebrate the victory with a barrel of beer that was captured during the skirmish at Rancho de Leon. On the next morning, Heintzelman was "besieged by visitors congratulating them on their success." There were rumors, however, that Cortina was preparing to take up the offensive again by attacking Point Isabel and destroying the fleet of steamships there. Furthermore, the Texas Rangers were feuding over who they wanted to be led by. One half preferred Captain Tobin but the others preferred the recently arrived John Salmon Ford. Heintzelman preferred the latter, being that Salmon had discipline while Tobin let their men run wild. A war council later decided to send one company of rangers to Point Isabel, to protect the port, while the remaining rangers were sent north to scout Los Fresnos and Las Norias. Captain George Stoneman would also take a company of the 2nd Cavalry on a patrol up the Rio Grande. Meanwhile, Heintzelman was communicating with the Mexican authorities across the river in Matamoros. After speaking with the Mexican consul, Manuel Trevino, about Cortina and Mexican-American affairs in general, Heintzelman reviewed seven hundred Mexican Army troops before returning to Texas. At about the same time, a prominent local rancher, named Henry Clay Davis, entered Brownsville and told Heintzelman that Cortina was still retreating west, "burning and plundering as they went." This was further substantiated by Captain Stoneman and the Texas Rangers, who reported the same thing. For this, Heintzelman began preparing for a second march up the river. Leaving on December 21, the expedition headed west and eventually encountered the Cortinistas on December 27 in the Battle of the Rio Grande City, the decisive engagement of the war. During the fighting, the rebels were surprised and routed from the city. They lost much of their arms and equipment, as well as about sixty men. The First Cortina War ended soon after.
See also
Garza Revolution
Yaqui Uprising
Bandit War
Mexican Revolution
Notes
References
19th-century military history of the United States
History of Mexico
History of Texas
American frontier
Texas Ranger Division
December 1859 events
1859 in Texas
Çardak is a village in the Yeşilova district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Yeşilova District
Oaken Palace Records is an independent record label based in Birmingham, England. The label is a registered charity and 100% of the profits are donated to organisations supporting endangered species.
Each release is dedicated to an endangered species of the artists choosing and all of the profits from the release are donated to an organisation dedicated to helping that species. The records are produced as environmentally-friendly as possible: the sleeves are made of 100% recycled cardboard, printed with non-toxic inks, and with carbon neutral record pressing. As of June 2016 they have raised over £5,200.
Catalogue
References
External links
Oaken Palace Records official website
British independent record labels
Electronic music record labels
Environmental charities based in the United Kingdom
Record labels based in Birmingham, West Midlands
Record labels established in 2012
An oral arm is an anatomical structure of "true" sea jellies (or Scyphozoans), which belong to the class Scyphozoa. Oral arms characterize Semaeostomeae, an order of large jellyfish.
The oral arms (of which there are usually four) are located around the mouth and hold the stinging cells, or cnidocysts, which are used to inject potential prey (or potential predators) with venom.
Functions
These four long oral arms, hang from the center of the underside, where the mouth of the jellyfish is located. In most cases, 24 other, thinner extensile tentacles hang from the rim of the bell. Jellyfish reproduce sexually. Males release sperm through their mouth into the water column and this is received into the female's mouth, where fertilization occurs. Development has to occur pretty quickly, as the lifespan of a jellyfish is only a few months. The eggs develop either inside the female, or in brood pouches located on the oral arms. They also aid in the capture and ingestion of food, and may contain stinging cells.
See also
Jellyfish
Scyphozoan
Semaeostomeae
References
Ben Waggoner, Brian Speer, and David Smith. "Life History and Ecology" and "More on Morphology." Scyphozoa.
Cnidarian anatomy
Scyphozoa
Fountain E. Pitts (July 4, 1808 – May 22, 1874) was an American Methodist minister and Confederate chaplain. They established Methodist missions in Brazil and Argentina in 1835–1836. During the American Civil War, they were a chaplain and colonel in the Confederate States Army, and they became known as the "Fighting Parson". After the war, they were the first pastor of the McKendree Church (later known as the West End United Methodist Church) in Nashville, Tennessee, U.S. They also grew poppies to make opium.
Early life
Fountain E. Pitts was born on July 4, 1808, in Georgetown, Kentucky.
Career
Pitts was ordained as a Methodist preacher in 1824. They were ordained as an elder by Bishop Joshua Soule in 1828. In 1835–1836, they went to Brazil and Argentina, where they established missionary posts that were manned by American men dispatched by the Methodist Church. Pitts owned at least one slave named David, who died in 1855.
During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, Pitts joined the Confederate States Army, first as a chaplain in the 11th Tennessee regiment for six months, and later as a colonel in the 61st Tennessee regiment in the Great Smoky Mountains. They also fought "Federal gunboats for about five months at Vicksburg." They became known as "Fighting Parson."
Pitts was ordained as a Methodist deacon by Bishop B. T. Roberts in 1866. Shortly after, they were appointed by Bishop Holland Nimmons McTyeire as the first pastor of the West End Methodist Church in Nashville, Tennessee. It was then known as the McKendree Church. Pitts was described as "one of the most notable men in the Tennessee Conference" by The Clarksville Chronicle, and as "one of the pioneers of Southern Methodism" by The Pulaski Citizen.
In 1871–1872, alongside Dr. J. W. Morton, Pitts grew poppies to make opium.
Personal life and death
Pitts resided on Gallatin Pike in Edgefield, now known as East Nashville, Tennessee.
Pitts died of pneumonia on May 22, 1874, in Anchorage, Kentucky near Louisville. Their eyes were closed by John Berry McFerrin, who also conducted their funeral, and they were buried with Masonic honors in Mount Olivet Cemetery. In 1883, a monument was added to the top of their grave.
Their portrait was painted by Washington Bogart Cooper, and it was installed in the art gallery of the West End United Methodist Church (then still known as the McKendree Church) in 1903.
References
1808 births
1874 deaths
People from Georgetown, Kentucky
People from Nashville, Tennessee
People of Kentucky in the American Civil War
Southern Methodists
American slave owners
19th-century Methodist ministers
Confederate States Army chaplains
Confederate States Army officers
American Freemasons
Deaths from pneumonia in Kentucky
Burials at Mount Olivet Cemetery (Nashville)
19th-century American clergy
Sarpam Thullal (Dance of Snakes) or Nagakalam Pattu, is a unique form of mystical ritual associated generally with ancestral temples or tharavadus predominantly in state of Kerala. From ancient times many family houses in Kerala have special snake shrines called Kavu or Pambin Kavu where this exotic and spectacular ritual performance is associated to, it is generally conducted to appease the snake gods and thereby to bring prosperity to the family.
History
Snakes and Snake worship, primarily the cobra and associated sub species of snakes have been revered from ancient times all over India. Snakes are mentioned in Vedic books or they are depicted in religious epics like Mahabharata and Vishnu Purana. Hindu Gods like Vishnu and Shiva have been associated with snakes. According to Hindu mythology, Lord Vishnu takes rest under the shade of the giant snake, Adisesha. Lord Shiva wears a snake vasuki around their neck.
The Nairs of Kerala claim to be Kshatriyas of Nagavanshi descent, thus maybe snake worship was popularized and brought to wider practise by them. Mostly, snakes were seen as a symbol of fertility. Elsewhere in India, snakes are worshiped on Nag Panchami, Nagaradhane and Aashleshabali.
Ritual
Sarpam thullal is generally held to appease snake gods for prosperity of the family or to give an offspring to the couples who may have difficulties in conceiving a child. People generally take a vow is also associated with the ritual and Sarpam Thullal is done after the fulfillment or accomplishment of the vow. But in most of the scenarios Sarpam Thullal is done to ward off any doshas of the family and bring peace and prosperity.
The temple astrologer is the one who normally initiates the process or in certain places it is held as an annual or regular practice. Once the date is finalized by the family, the associated Pulluvan family with the temple is informed. It is the Pulluvan and Pulluvathy and their assistants who hold the skills and responsibility of creating the aesthetic requirements for the Sarpam Thullal.
They create a pandal and decorate it. The selection of the girls who will later become the mediums or manifestations of Snake Gods is done by the family. Generally two girls/females are supposed to sit in the kalam but certain places it is six. In modern times in many places females between the ages of 10 to 60 are not allowed and is generally performed by girls who have not reached puberty. Typically the karnavar of the family or an elderly person will be the one who oversees the function and grands their blessing to the function.
The pulluvan and their team create a floral decoration using various natural colors on specially made floor before the snake idols. The floral decoration is called Nagakalam. Nagakalams are of various types such as Bhasma Kalam (A Kalam which is made of just ash powder) and Varna Podi Kalam (A Kalam which is made up of colour powder). The wear Pavada and blouse.
Once the pulluvan and their team is done with decorations and other preparations they are called to the venue. They normally sit in the kalam or besides the kalam. In certain places where there are more than two , they stand besides the kalam. Nagarajavu generally stands inside the kalam. are given pokulas or arecanut flowers. The pulluvan starts singing and playing the veena and the pulluvathy sings along and plays the kudam. The initial lines are generally sung in praise of Ganesha, followed by other gods. Then the Tala or beat changes along with the song. Later part is dedicated to Serpent gods and the kanyas sitting in the kalam.
The generally starts to get into a trance like state within 20–30 minutes and it is reported that they feel that the snake which is drawn on the floor has come alive. Some of them have experienced vibrations all over their body and they feel their body is resonating towards the vibrations. The girls are generally not given any training to dance and in many cases it might be the first time they are watching the ritual. They move towards the vibration . They swing their hair and rub the powder of the kalam (the divine solace created). So the induced trance state is highly revered as girls are generally supposed be too young to perform any sophisticated acting to make the onlookers believe in the ritual.
The ritual has strong parallels to the function of an Oracle and generally speaks to the onlookers after entering into the trance state and informs them on the behalf of the snake gods. It can be sees that the does not speak the normal day-to-day language while in the trance state adding on to the mystery.
References
Hindu rituals
Hindu snake worship
The 2020 AIR Awards was the fourteenth annual Australian Independent Record Labels Association Music Awards ceremony (generally known as the AIR Awards). It took place on 1 October 2020 in Adelaide.
The nominations were revealed on 7 July 2020, consisting of sixteen categories, up four from twelve, as was the case in 2019. The four new categories were: Best Independent Pop Album or EP, Best Independent Rock Album or EP, Best Independent Children's Album or EP, and Best Independent Soul/R&B Album or EP. The award for Best Independent Hard Rock, Heavy or Punk Album was split in two, recognising Punk and Heavy separately. For the first time, the ceremony didn't include the Best Independent Artist category.
Performers
Stella Donnelly
The Teskey Brothers
Angie McMahon
The Soul Movers
Nominees and winners
AIR Awards
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface; other final nominees are listed alphabetically.
See also
Music of Australia
References
2020 in Australian music
2020 music awards
AIR Awards
The Order of the Palmetto is the highest civilian honor awarded by the Governor of South Carolina. It is awarded to South Carolinians who demonstrate extraordinary lifetime achievement, service and contributions of national or statewide significance.
History
Governor John West created the Order of the Palmetto in 1971 to recognize lifetime achievement and service by South Carolina residents and those born in the state. It is thought to be modeled on similar honors bestowed in other states, such as the Kentucky Colonel.
Over the years, the honor program has been modified. In 1997, Governor David Beasley established the Order of the Silver Crescent as a companion award to the Order of the Palmetto to recognize contributions by persons younger than 18. In 1999, Governor Jim Hodges created a non-partisan screening panel to review nominations. The eligibility criteria for the Order of the Silver Crescent was changed to make it an auxiliary award honoring achievement or service at the local level, without restrictions of age. In 2003, Governor Mark Sanford created a panel to establish firm criteria for award eligibility, with the goal of changing the perception that the order was a political send-off.
As of 2004, over 3,500 people have been honored with the Order of the Palmetto. Awardees include the rock band Hootie and the Blowfish, which Governor Jim Hodges recognized in 1999 for its charity efforts. Governors Henry McMaster and Nikki Haley received the award prior to their assuming office. Mary Simms Oliphant, honored in 1982, was the first woman to receive the award. Other notable recipients include novelist Pat Conroy, civil rights activist Septima Poinsette Clark, football coach Lou Holtz, and musician James Brown.
Award
The award comes in the form of a certificate or plaque that, in part, reads:
In grateful recognition of your contributions and friendship to the State of South Carolina and their people, I do hereby confer unto you the Order of the Palmetto with all the rights and privileges appertaining thereto.
References
External links
Order of Palmetto at South Carolina Department of Archives & History
Recipients of the Order of Palmetto (through 2021)
Honorary titles of the United States
South Carolina culture
Awards established in 1971
1971 establishments in South Carolina
Governor of South Carolina
State awards and decorations of the United States
The Chiguanco thrush (Turdus chiguanco) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is found in Ecuador and the Altiplano. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
Gallery
References
Chiguanco thrush
Chiguanco thrush
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Puna grassland
Chiguanco thrush
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ranvik Island () is a rocky island, 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km) long, which is the largest island in the southern part of the Rauer Islands. It lies at the northern end of Ranvik Bay, about 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Browns Glacier. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers, as being connected to the mainland, from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936–37). They gave the name "Ranviktangen" (the Ranvik tongue) because of its association with Ranvik Bay. The Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) has approved John H. Roscoe's 1952 recommendation that the Norwegian name be amended to Ranvik Island. Roscoe's examination of this area in air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47) determined that the feature described is actually separated from the mainland.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
Jankidas Mehra (1910 – 18 June 2003) was an Indian actor of Hindi cinema, cyclist, production designer, and writer. They made over 1000 film appearances between the 1930s and 1997.
Biography
Sports
Jankidas served as the only Indian member of the International Olympic Committee at the 1936 Olympic Games in Berlin along with Hockey legend Major Dhyanchand and was the only Indian to have broken the world record in cycling between 1934 and 1942.
In the 1940s, along with Sohrab Bhoot, they founded the Cycling Federation of India.
Films
Jankidas debuted in films playing a major role in Khazanchi (1941), produced in Lahore. They were not seen again until 1946, when they would appear in Dr. Kotnis Ki Amar Kahani. From then on they would continue to play roles with increasing vigour over the years.
As a production designer, Jankidas was responsible for the founding of many famous Indian actor's careers. They were responsible for Madhubala's role in Sohrab Modi's Daulat in 1947, and introduced Meena Kumari in Nanabhai Bhatt's Hamara Ghar, and Khushbu in Sunil Dutt's Dard Ka Rishta. They also introduced actor Mala Sinha in Hamlet, produced and directed by Kishore Sahu.
In 1985, they wrote the script for the film Yaadon Ki Kasam.
Jankidas was the recipient of numerous national and international awards. In May 1996, they were honored with the Lifetime Achievement Award given by the Indian Motion Pictures Producers' Association.
Jankidas was also an author and wrote numerous books on Bollywood and the acting profession. They published My Misadventures in Filmland and Acting for Beginners.
Selected Filmography
Death
Jankidas had had a heart ailment for a substantial period of time, but was discharged from the local hospital two days before their death. They died of cardiac failure at their Juhu residence on Wednesday 18 June 2003. They were 93.
References
External links and sources
Indian male film actors
Indian production designers
1910 births
2003 deaths
Indian male cyclists
PRO Group, Inc. is a retailers' cooperative and distributors' cooperative with over $3 billion in annual sales. It has over 75 distributor-members serving thousands of independent retail stores, and is the largest wholesale marketing organization in the United States. It is based in Denver, Colorado and was founded in 1953.
The company's retail formats include:
PRO Hardware
Farm Mart
GardenMaster
It formerly had a division: National Paint Distributors, but that was disbanded.
Competitors
Val-Test Distributors
Distribution America
Reliable Distributors
Associated Building Materials Distributors
References
Focus on independence turns to Pro Group: Brief Article Home Channel News, Feb 5, 2001 by Scott Larson
External links
Pro Hardware website
American companies established in 1953
Retail companies established in 1953
Hardware stores of the United States
Companies based in Denver
Retailers' cooperatives in the United States
Antitrisuloides catocalina is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in India.
References
Pantheinae
Moths of Asia
Mount Ryder () is a mountain between Harvey Nunataks and Mount Keyser, in the east part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land. It was plotted from air photos taken from ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) aircraft in 1956 and 1957 and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for Brian Paul "Red" Ryder, a radio officer at Mawson Station in 1961.
Mountains of Enderby Land
Elle Walker is an American vlogger based in California best known for their work on the YouTube channels WhatsUpMoms and WhatsUpELLE.
Youtube
Walker initially joined the YouTube community in 2008 with their channel Whatever Hollywood, but the channel was disbanded in 2010. Walker then joined the YouTube community later in 2010 with their channel WhatsUpELLE Beginning in May 2013, they began working almost exclusively on their second channel, WhatsUpMoms, with their co-founders and friends, Meg, Connie, and Brooke. Connie died in November 2013 and is remembered fondly in many of the video postings. The channel has over 3 million subscribers and has attracted almost 2,500,000,000 views combined. They have also won many family category awards. It features fast-paced and humorous content about motherhood, including a viral parody of the Iggy Azalea song "Fancy" and a comedic message to "Friends Without Kids" The channel has attracted collaborators such as Michelle Obama and advertisers including Kohler, Puffs, and Disney. Most recently, What's Up Moms has signed on three new collaborators, Esther Anderson from Story of This Life, Kathryn from Do It On a Dime, and Karen Alpert, a New York Times bestselling author.
Personal life
Walker graduated from Stanford University in 2002 with a bachelor's degree in Technology and Society where they were a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. They married Ross Walker in 2013 with whom they have three children: Presley, Ford, and Tess.
References
External links
WhatsUpMoms Youtube Channel
WhatsUpElle Youtube Channel
Living people
Women video bloggers
American women bloggers
American bloggers
Year of birth missing (living people)
American YouTubers
Stanford University alumni
21st-century American women
American female YouTubers
Turtle Cove is an unincorporated community in Brazoria County, Texas, United States.
The community, located along Oyster Creek, mainly consists of beach houses.
Turtle Cove consists of three side streets and one main street. Homes are located directly on canals that feed into the Intracoastal Waterway which feeds into the Gulf of Mexico. During Tropical Storm Allison, Turtle Cove was devastated by flooding up to 9–10 feet of salt water. Turtle Cove was hit by Hurricane Ike, a strong category 2 storm, early in the morning of September 13, 2008. Its neighbor, Surfside Beach was devastated by storm surge.
External links
Unincorporated communities in Brazoria County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Union Grove is an unincorporated community in Whiteside County, in the U.S. state of Illinois.
History
A post office called Union Grove was in operation from 1840 until 1926. Union Grove was named from two nearby, nearly identical groves.
References
Unincorporated communities in Whiteside County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Kandiah () is a Tamil male given name. Due to the Tamil tradition of using patronymic surnames it may also be a surname for males and females.
People
Given name
P. Kandiah (1914–1960), Ceylonese politician
V. A. Kandiah (1891–1963), Ceylonese politician
Surname
Arumugam Kandaiah Premachandran (born 1957), Sri Lankan politician
Arumugam Kandiah Sarveswaran, Sri Lankan politician
Kandiah Arulanandan(1925–2004), Ceylonese engineer and academic
Kandiah Balasegaran (1965–2008), Sri Lankan rebel
Kandiah Balendra (born 1940), Sri Lankan business person
Kandiah David Arulpragasam (1931–2003), Sri Lankan academic
Kandiah Kamalesvaran (born 1934), Australian singer
Kandiah Kanagaratnam (1892–1952), Ceylonese politician
Kandiah Navaratnam (born 1935), Sri Lankan politician
Kandiah Neelakandan (born 1947), Sri Lankan lawyer
Kandiah Sivanesan, Sri Lankan politician
Kandiah Thirugnansampandapillai Francis (1939–2013), Sri Lankan cricket official
Kandiah Ulaganathan (1966–2006), Sri Lankan rebel
See also
Tamil masculine given names
Diane Rose Stratas (born 28 December 1932) is a Canadian former politician and business person. They were a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1979 to 1980.
Background
Stratas was a business person and community service volunteer by career. They were the middle daughter of immigrants from a village named Kastri om Greece who lived in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. They were married to retired veterinarian, William J. Stratas, who died in 2013. In December 2009, their second son, David Stratas, was appointed a judge of the Federal Court of Appeal, based in Ottawa.
Politics
Stratas represented the newly formed Ontario constituency of Scarborough Centre, which they won by a comfortable margin in the 1979 federal election. In September 1979, they were appointed as Parliamentary Secretary to the Secretary of State, David MacDonald.
After serving one term, the 31st Canadian Parliament, they were defeated in the 1980 federal election by Norm Kelly of the Liberal Party. Following this defeat, they were elected national secretary of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada. They did not run for federal office in the 1984 federal election but instead supported the candidacy of Pauline Browes. Stratas was the first woman of Greek-Canadian heritage elected to Canada's House of Commons. They also are one of only two female MPs in the Progressive Conservative government of 1979–1980, the other being Secretary of State for External Affairs, the Hon. Flora MacDonald.
After politics
In 1987, they were appointed to the national Refugee Status Advisory Committee but resigned within three months. They felt uncomfortable accepting a "political patronage appointment" and that federal policy was presenting additional difficulties for refugees.
Recognition and honours
In 1992, they were awarded the 125th Anniversary of the Confederation of Canada Medal in recognition of their contribution to public service and community. In 1994 they were recognized with a Lifetime Women's Achievement award by the Greek Community of Metropolitan Toronto.
References
External links
1932 births
Women members of the House of Commons of Canada
Living people
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Politicians from Saskatoon
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
Women in Ontario politics
Yazıkara is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 138 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Jules Béland (born 31 March 1948) is a Canadian former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race and the team time trial events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Canadian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Canada
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Quebec City
The 2002 Gujarat Legislative Assembly elections were held in December 2002; they necessitated by the resignation of Chief Minister Narendra Modi and the dissolution of the legislative assembly in July 2002, 8 months before its term was due to expire. Modi resigned due to widespread allegations that they had taken insufficient action to prevent the riots that took place a few months earlier. The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party was led by Modi, with the Indian National Congress being the chief opposition.
As a result of those communal riots, a major issue in the election was the place of Muslims in Gujarati society. Seeking to capitalize on the sentiments stirred up by the riots caused by burning of a train coach containing Hindu kar sevaks (including children) coming from Ayodhya.
The legislative assembly of Gujarat is elected from 182 constituencies, which were contested by a total of 21 parties and several hundred independent candidates. The Bharatiya Janata Party won 127 seats, thus achieving an absolute majority in the assembly. Modi was sworn in for a second term as chief minister.
Results
Elected members
The following candidates won election from their respective seats:
References
State Assembly elections in Gujarat
2000s in Gujarat
Gujarat
Ángel Schandlein (died 4 April 1998) was an Argentine footballer. They played in nine matches for the Argentina national football team in 1956 and 1957. They were also part of Argentina's squad for the 1957 South American Championship.
References
External links
Year of birth missing
1998 deaths
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association football defenders
Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Club América footballers
Deportivo Toluca F.C. players
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
The 53rd World Science Fiction Convention (Worldcon), also known as Intersection, was held on 24–28 August 1995 at the SEC Centre and the nearby Moat House Hotel in Glasgow, United Kingdom. Evening social events also took place at the Central and Crest Hotels.
The organising committee was co-chaired by Vincent Docherty and Martin Easterbrook.
The convention was the first Worldcon to be held in Scotland and was also the 2018 Eurocon.
Participants
Attendance was 4,173, out of 6,524 paid memberships.
Guests of Honour
Samuel R. Delany (writer)
Gerry Anderson (media)
Les Edwards (artist)
Vin¢ Clarke (fan)
Mike Jittlov (special guest)
Diane Duane and Peter Morwood were Toast Mr & Mrs (toastmasters)
Awards
1995 Hugo Awards
Best Novel: Mirror Dance by Lois McMaster Bujold
Best Novella: "Seven Views of Olduvai Gorge" by Mike Resnick
Best Novelette: "The Martian Child" by David Gerrold
Best Short Story: "None So Blind" by Joe Haldeman
Best Non-Fiction Book: I.Asimov: A Memoir by Isaac Asimov
Best Dramatic Presentation: "All Good Things..." - Star Trek: The Next Generation Written by Ronald D. Moore & Brannon Braga and directed by Winrich Kolbe
Best Professional Editor: Gardner Dozois
Best Professional Artist: Jim Burns
Best Original Art Work: Lady Cottington's Pressed Fairy Book by Brian Froud and Terry Jones
Best Semiprozine: Interzone edited by David Pringle
Best Fanzine: Ansible edited by Dave Langford
Best Fan Writer: David Langford
Best Fan Artist: Teddy Harvia
Other awards
John W. Campbell Award for Best New Writer: Jeff Noon
Notes
The British science fiction writer John Brunner died of a stroke on 25 August 1995, while attending the convention.
A Channel 4 magazine programme about the event and Science Fiction in Scotland, ‘Beam Me Up, Scotty!', was filmed at the convention and presented by Craig Charles.
See also
Hugo Award
Science fiction
Speculative fiction
World Science Fiction Society
Worldcon
References
External links
Homepage of Intersection
World Science Fiction Society
1990s in Glasgow
1995 conferences
1995 in Scotland
History of Glasgow
Science fiction conventions in Europe
Science fiction conventions in the United Kingdom
Scottish science fiction
Worldcon
Suicide Room () is a 2011 Polish drama thriller film written and directed by Jan Komasa, and starring Jakub Gierszał as a popular high school student whose life quickly deteriorates into ostracisation and depression.
The film premiered on 12 February 2011 at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival and received a wide release on 4 March 2011. It garnered positive reviews, and went on to several awards, including the best actor (Gierszał), the best actor (Roma Gąsiorowska), the best screenplay (Komasa) and best film.
Plot
Dominik Santorski is a popular but spoiled teenager, whose success-driven parents are out of touch with their life. At school, Dominik and their friends stumble upon a self-harm video while using their computer. Later, Dominik watches the rest of the video and leaves a comment for the poster.
While drinking at an after-prom party, a girl admits to lesbian experimentation. A classmate, Aleksander, dares the girl to kiss their female friend. They agree as long as Aleksander agrees to kiss Dominik. The two girls comply, and Aleksander and Dominik as well. A video of the two boys kissing is posted to social media, and Dominik's friends appear to find it cool. Later, when Dominik and Aleksander spar at judo practice, Dominik becomes aroused. This event is relayed to social media, and people begin to harass Dominik online.
Dominik meets Sylwia, a suicidal girl who cuts themselves and wears a mask, in an online chat group called "Sala Samobójców" (The Suicide Room). Dominik begins skipping school to spend time online. When Dominik sees an online video showing shadow puppets named after them and Aleksander engaging in homosexual acts, they rampage through their room. Sylwia mocks their pain and encourages them to scare normal people. Dominik adopts an alternative look and takes their father's gun to school. When Aleksander approaches them with some friends after school, Dominik begins to take out their gun, but flees to theirs taxi.
Dominik discovers that Sylwia is a shut-in who has not left their room in three years. Dominik stays locked in their room, talking with Sylwia. These events go unnoticed by their parents. Eventually, the family's housekeeper calls the police, who break down Dominik's door to find them sitting in a pool of blood beside a broken mirror.  They are sent to a hospital and kept in a psychiatric ward for three days. Their parents arrive to take them home, claiming that there is nothing wrong with them and that they should be studying for exams.
Dominik returns home and to The Suicide Room, where Sylwia tells them a love story in which the lovers commit suicide with pills and alcohol. After confessing that this is how they want to die, they beg them to get pills for them Having been sent to a psychiatrist, Dominik answers the questions in accordance with Sylwia's instructions. Sylwia feeds them answers that are designed to lead the doctor to give them the pills that they wish to use. Dominik follows the lines Sylwia gives, but—in a plea for Sylwia to reconsider their suicide plan—continually remarks that no one should want to die.
As Dominik and Sylwia discuss where to meet and transfer the pills, Dominik's father rips out the router before their plans are set. Dominik panics, but later confesses to their parents. They forbid them from returning but, still wanting to see Sylwia, Dominik brings the pills to the bar they had discussed in the hope that Sylwia will show up. Dominik heads to the toilets and takes two handfuls of the pills. Dominik then finds a couple kissing and starts filming them. They take their camera and begin filming their delirium. Dominik returns to the bar, finds Sylwia, and kisses them passionately.
Later, at The Suicide Room, Sylwia talks about Dominik's long absence before seeing their avatar, only to learn that it's their mother, who announces that Dominik has died. It is revealed that Dominik never left the bathroom after taking the pills, and their overdose was filmed by the drunk couple. Dominik attempted to reverse their decision but to no avail. Their death is posted online on The Suicide Room wall.
Cast
Jakub Gierszał as Dominik Santorski
Roma Gąsiorowska as Sylwia
Agata Kulesza as Beata Santorska
Krzysztof Pieczyński as Andrzej Santorski
Filip Bobek as Marcin
Bartosz Gelner as Aleksander Lubomirski
Danuta Borsuk as Nadia
Piotr Nowak as Jacek
Krzysztof Dracz as the Minister of Economy, Andrzej Santorski's boss
Aleksandra Hamkało as Karolina
Kinga Preis as a psychiatrist
Anna Ilczuk as Ada
Bartosz Porczyk as a stylist
Wiesław Komasa as the principal
Karolina Dryzner as Jowita
Ewelina Paszke as the wife of the Minister of Economy
Tomasz Schuchardt as a bodyguard
Festivals and awards
In April 2011 the movie received the International Federation of Film Critics award at the International Festival of Independent Cinema Off Plus Camera, in June of that year it won the Silver Lions award at the 36th Gdynia Film Festival and individual awards for sound and costumes for Bartosz Purkiewicz and Dorota Roqueoplo, respectively. Jakub Gierszał received the Audience Award and was nominated for the 2011 Zbyszek Cybulski Award for the role of Dominik. In November 2011 the movie won 3 Golden Duck statuettes, awarded by the readership of the Film magazine, in the categories: Best Cinematography, Best Script and Best Film. Jakub Gierszał also won the award for Best Actor.
Wins
14th Polish Film Awards
Eagle for Best Editing: Bartosz Pietras
Eagle for Discovery of the year: Jan Komasa
Gold Ducks 2011
Best movie: Jan Komasa
Best actor: Roma Gąsiorowska
Best actor: Jakub Gierszał
Best script: Jan Komasa
Best photoshooting: Radosław Ładczuk
New Horizons Film Festival 2011
New Polish Movies: Jan Komasa
Best Debut: Jan Komasa
36th Polish Film Festival
Silver lions for movie
Silver lions for producer: Jerzy Kapuściński
Another 2 individual prizes and 5 special prizes
Camerimage 2011
The Best Polish Film
Soundtrack
References
External links
2011 LGBT-related films
2011 films
Bisexuality-related films
Films about suicide
Polish LGBT-related films
Films about depression
Films about the Internet
Films about social media
Abdul Rahman bin Daud is a politician from UMNO. They were the Member of Parliament for Pasir Mas from 1978 to 1982.
Election results
See also
Pasir Mas (federal constituency)
References
United Malays National Organisation politicians
Possibly living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
George Toma (born February 2, 1929, in Edwardsville, Pennsylvania) is an American groundskeeper who specializes in working on sports facilities.
Works
Toma has maintained the fields at numerous stadiums used by Major League Baseball and National Football League teams. For much of their career, Toma was the head groundskeeper for the Truman Sports Complex in Kansas City, Missouri; which includes the Kansas City Royals' Kauffman Stadium, and the Kansas City Chiefs' Arrowhead Stadium. They were also contracted by the NFL to prepare the field for every Super Bowl.
In addition, Toma was called upon to supervise the grounds crews during the 1984 and 1996 Olympic Games, and the 1994 World Cup.
Early life
As a youngster, they helped support their family by working at Artillery Park in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, home of the minor league baseball Wilkes-Barre Barons. They eventually worked their way up to head groundskeeper.
After serving in the military during the Korean War, Toma had a choice of working as stadium groundskeeper for minor league teams in Kansas City or Denver. They reportedly took the Kansas City job because the field was in worse shape than Denver.
Time as groundskeeper
Toma worked for the then-Kansas City Athletics until the team relocated to Oakland in 1968, and then for the expansion Royals, at Municipal Stadium, where the NFL Kansas City Chiefs also played. Municipal Stadium was also home to the Kansas City Spurs Soccer team.
In 1972, two new stadiums were built in Kansas City, Royals Stadium (now Kauffman) and Arrowhead Stadium. Both featured artificial turf, which brought Toma a new set of challenges. Toma has noted that artificial turf fields also require maintenance, and their crews have been able to nearly double their lifetime.
Toma's reputation won them the job of preparing the field for the first Super Bowl in 1967, as team owners from both the NFL and the American Football League contracted with them to head the grounds crew at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. They were given free rein by Pete Rozelle to decorate the field however they chose. They have worked every Super Bowl since 1967.
Post-retirement
Toma officially retired from full-time work in 1999. They continue to work as a consultant for sports facilities and their groundskeepers around the United States.
Toma was honored by the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001 as the recipient of the Ralph Hay Pioneer Award. Toma was inducted into the Major League Baseball Groundskeepers Hall of Fame on January 8, 2012, as one of its charter members.
Also in 2012, Toma was inducted into the Royals Hall of Fame.
Their nicknames include "Sodfather" and "The God of Sod."
Notes
1929 births
Living people
Groundskeepers
Kansas City Chiefs personnel
Kansas City Royals personnel
The Full Cupboard of Life is the fifth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith, set in Gaborone, Botswana, and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe as principal detective.
In this novel, Mma Ramotswe is asked to vet the four men offering marriage to one woman, who cannot tell which of them wants their money and which is in love with them Mma Makutsi moves to new quarters, which their raise in pay and promotion allow. Mr JLB Matekoni gets roped into doing a parachute jump at a fundraiser for the orphan farm. They persuade their apprentice to do it instead of him; but there is a bigger reason to get Mr JLB Matekoni to that event. Mma Potokwane has arranged their wedding to Mma Ramotswe.
This novel has been reviewed as "delightful", "charmingly gossamer", "witty, elegant, gentle, compassionate and exotic.", praised for "the warm humanity infused throughout" and the whole series to date described as "literary confection of such gossamer deliciousness". In short, it has been well received by reviewers in the US and in the UK. Further, it received the first Saga Award for Wit in 2003; Saga is a UK firm whose audience is people over 50 years old.
Plot summary
Mma Ramotswe is now engaged to the mechanic Mr. JLB Matekoni, but they seem reluctant to set a wedding date, which makes them a little unhappy. They take on an interesting investigation: Mma Holonga, a rich business person, is seeking a husband, and asks Mma Ramotswe to check the men on their shortlist of four, to eliminate those who only want them for their money. Meanwhile, Mma Makutsi, Mma Ramotswe's assistant, moves to better rooms thanks to their promotion and extra income, but is mourning the loss of their brother.
Mma Potokwani, the formidable matron of the orphan farm, manoeuvres Mr J.L.B. Matekoni into agreeing to do a sponsored parachute jump to benefit the orphans. The gentle and timid mechanic is terrified at the prospect, Mma Ramotswe solves the parachute problem by persuading the garage apprentice Charlie to do it instead, convincing them that it will make them attractive to girls. Mma Potokwani offers to sort out the matter of the wedding by arranging it all herself, and presenting it to Mr JLB Matekoni as a fait accompli – Mma Ramotswe agrees, although Mma Makutsi is horrified.
Everyone assembles at the orphan farm to watch Charlie's parachute jump, which is successful. Mma Potokwani surprises everyone by announcing that they have made all the preparations for the wedding and, with the help of a priest who is present, Mma Ramotswe and Mr JLB Matekoni are married there and then.
Reception
This novel has been reviewed as "delightful", "charmingly gossamer", "witty, elegant, gentle, compassionate and exotic.", praised for "the warm humanity infused throughout" and the whole series to date as "literary confection of such gossamer deliciousness". In short, it has been well received by reviewers in the US and in the UK.
Publishers Weekly finds this novel "delightful". Mma Ramotswe always solves their cases, but not in haste, and following a code of behavior and decency. They credit the author for their "always engaging" way of portraying the code that guides their protagonists.
Kirkus Reviews calls this a "charmingly gossamer mystery" in this "enchanting series" of mystery novels. There is a focus on marriage in this novel, including their own, after such a long engagement. They describe the strength of the protagonist, Mma Ramotswe, who "provides less detection than advice, and wise advice it turns out to be, even when their clients decline to take it."
Marcel Berlins finds the protagonist of this novel to be the "magnificent Mma Ramotswe" who operates on intuition and common sense, skilled without much education or special training. They mention that McCall Smith's novels have brought attention to a successful African nation that is not otherwise well-known. They find this and the prior novels to be "witty, elegant, gentle, compassionate and exotic."
Janet Malcolm, in an article reviewing the next book in the series, mentions the continuing theme in the novels of men as the weaker sex, and cites an incident in and quotes from this novel as one of the most charged examples of women succeeding in getting men to do what they need done. It "occurs at a rural orphanage and involves a fruitcake. Mma Potokwane, the bossy head of the orphanage, serves the cake to people from whom they wish to extract favors; no one who eats the cake can refuse them In the fifth book of the series, "The Full Cupboard of Life," McCall Smith spells out the reference that has obscurely hovered over the scene: "Just as Eve had used an apple to trap Adam, so Mma Potokwane used fruitcake. Fruitcake, apples; it made no difference really. Oh foolish, weak men!" Malcolm comments about all the novels in the series to date that "The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series is a literary confection of such gossamer deliciousness that one feels it can only be good for one."
Clea Simon wrote that the mysteries closest to home are the most challenging to solve, and in this novel, marriage is that mystery. Simon calls this a "cozy mystery series", noting how the secondary characters begin to grow in this novel. The novel is true to its protagonist's strong moral code, but this novel adds the sly humour of the author. Simon considers the success of the series in bringing readers back for another novel rests on "the warm humanity infused throughout".
Awards
2003: Winner of the first ever Saga Award for Wit.
Publication history
There was an interesting pathway for knowledge and appreciation of the series by McCall Smith, a Scot, featuring Precious Ramotswe, the female detective in Botswana, to reach England. Marcel Berlins notes in their review of this novel that it is the fifth in a series, but the first to be readily available in England, via the success of the series in America. "This novel by an eminent Scottish law professor about a woman detective in Botswana is the fifth in a series, the other four having largely escaped English attention (and availability). The Scots have had better luck: they've known about McCall Smith for several years, but it has taken their extraordinary and unexpected success in the US for word to have filtered back to England that he's a treasure of a writer whose books deserve immediate devouring."
Chapters
A Great Sadness among the Cars of Botswana
How to Run an Orphan Farm
Mma Ramotswe Visits their Cousin in Mochudi, and Thinks
A Woman Who Knows About Hair
Mr J.L.B. Matekoni has Cause to Reflect
Mr Mopedi Bobologo
Early Morning at Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors
Tea is Always the Solution
How to Handle Young Men through the Application of Psychology
Mr J.L.B Matekoni's Dream
Meeting Mr Bobologo
Mr Bobologo Talks on the Subject of Loose Women
Mr J.L.B Matekoni Receives the Butcher's Car; the Apprentices Receive an Anonymous Letter
Inside the House of Hope
Bad Men are Just Little Boys, Underneath
Mma Potokwani and Mma Ramotswe Discuss Marriage
Mr Spokes Spokesi, the Airwave Rider
The Parachute Jump, and a Universal Truth about the Giving and Taking of Advice
A Very Rich Cake is Served
References
External links
2003 British novels
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency
Novels by Alexander McCall Smith
Skydiving in fiction
Polygon Books books
USS Fitzgerald (DDG-62), named for United States Navy officer Lieutenant William Charles Fitzgerald, is an in the US Navy.
In the early morning hours of 17 June 2017, the ship was involved in a collision with the container ship , seriously damaging the destroyer. Seven of their crew were killed. Several others were injured, including their commanding officer, Commander Bryce Benson.
Construction
Fitzgeralds keel was laid down by Bath Iron Works, Bath, Maine, 9 February 1993; launched 29 January 1994; sponsored by Betty A. Fitzgerald, widow of the late Lt. Fitzgerald; and commissioned 14 October 1995, in Newport, Rhode Island. The ship was then homeported in Naval Base San Diego, California.
Service history
In early April 2004, Navy officials announced plans to deploy Fitzgerald, 14 other destroyers, and three cruisers to counter ballistic missile threats worldwide. The next month, they took part in a personnel exchange known as "Super Swap", taking aboard 141 sailors from the destroyer and transferring 95 to join the soon-to-be-decommissioned ship's decommissioning unit. Fitzgerald sailed to Yokosuka Naval Base in Yokosuka, Japan, arriving on 30 September 2004, and joining the U.S. 7th Fleet's Destroyer Squadron 15.
In March 2011, in company with the aircraft carrier , Fitzgerald was deployed off northeastern Honshu, Japan, to assist with relief efforts after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami.
On 16 November 2011, while docked in Manila, Philippines, Fitzgerald hosted US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Philippine Foreign Affairs Secretary Albert del Rosario to sign the Manila Declaration, which called for multilateral talks to resolve maritime disputes and to mark the 60th anniversary of the American–Philippine Mutual Defense Treaty.
On 1 June 2017, Fitzgerald, operating out of Yokosuka Naval Base, was noted for participating in routine exercises with Japan that were described in the media as a show of force to North Korea. They sailed with the aircraft carrier Ronald Reagan, the cruiser , and the destroyers , , and , joined by the aircraft carrier , cruiser , and destroyers and , and Japanese ships and .
In May 2022, Fitzgerald was homeported at Naval Station San Diego and a part of Destroyer Squadron 2, along with Carrier Strike Group 3 led by .
Fitzgerald participated in RIMPAC 2022.
2017 collision
About 1:30 a.m. on 17 June 2017, Fitzgerald collided with , a Philippine-flagged container ship measured at 29,060 gross tons and almost 40,000 tons deadweight. Most of Fitzgeralds crew of about 300 were asleep at the time. The collision occurred about southwest of their homeport of Yokosuka, Japan.
The starboard side of Fitzgerald was seriously damaged. The container ship's bulbous bow penetrated the destroyer's hull below the waterline, flooding a machinery space, the radio room, and two crew berthing spaces. The captain's cabin was crushed. Seven crewmen were reported missing after the collision, but their bodies were found the next day after rescue workers gained access to flooded compartments. The injured include the ship's commanding officer and two sailors.
Within a day of the collision, investigations were begun by the United States Navy, U.S. Coast Guard, Japanese Coast Guard, Japan Transport Safety Board, and the insurers of the Crystal. The U.S. Navy's Manual of the Judge Advocate General (JAGMAN) investigation concerns the crew's operations, and is led by Rear Adm. Brian Fort, a former commander of USS Gonzalez, who now commands Navy Region Hawaii and Naval Surface Group Middle Pacific. The U.S. and Japanese coast guards are investigating the cause of the accident. Steffan Watkins, a Canada-based security analyst, created a Google Maps overlay for the broadcast AIS data points.
Including costs for planned service life extension and other upgrades, repairs for the damage to Fitzgerald are expected to run about $368.7 million, and will take over a year. Repairs on the ship will overlap with planned service life extension and electronics upgrade, but despite the need to replace portions of the ship's AEGIS system the ship will remain in "a legacy configuration instead of upgrading to Baseline 9".
On 17 August 2017, the two senior officers and the senior enlisted sailor in charge of the naval vessel were relieved of their duties.
The Navy planned to discipline up to a dozen sailors, including the commanding officer, for watchstanding failures that allowed the fatal collision.
In late August 2017, it was reported that the destroyer will be transported by the Dockwise heavy-lift ship MV Transshelf to Huntington Ingalls Industries' shipyard in Pascagoula.
It was announced in October that the vessel would not be upgraded to the latest version of the Aegis system.
On 28 November 2017, the destroyer was further damaged by two punctures to their hull during the loading process to MV Transshelf, compelling them to return to Yokosuka for the punctures to be repaired.
Fitzgerald arrived at the Port of Pascagoula in Mississippi on 19 January 2018, aboard the heavy-lift transport MV Transshelf, after a two-month journey from Japan. They were expected to spend a few days in the port, being lifted off the transport and readied for their trip to the Huntington Ingalls Industries shipyard, where they were expected to commence an estimated two year repair.
In August 2019, the Japan Transport Safety Board's final report concluded distraction and incomplete radar information aboard the US Navy vessel caused the accident.
On 3 February 2020, USS Fitzgerald exited the Pascagoula shipyard for sea trials aimed at testing all shipboard systems. Following these sea trials, Fitzgerald plans to return to the shipyard to correct any remaining issues and then commence crew training in preparation for its return to active duty. On 13 June 2020 they departed Pascagoula to return to their home port in San Diego.
Awards
Captain Edward F. Ney Memorial Award for outstanding food service - (2012)
Navy Unit Commendation - (16-20 Dec 1998)
Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation - (Dec 2000-Mar 2001, Apr 2012-Dec 2013)
Navy E Ribbon - (1997, 1998, 1999, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011, 2013)
Humanitarian Service Medal - (Mar-May 2011) 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami
Spokane Trophy - (2000)
See also
USS John S. McCain and Alnic MC collision
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
External links
Official website
navsource.org: USS Fitzgerald
1994 ships
Arleigh Burke-class destroyers
Destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Bath, Maine
Maritime incidents in 2017
BB&T Corporation (previously known as the Branch Banking and Trust Company) was one of the largest banking and financial services firms in the United States, based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. In 2019, BB&T announced its intentions to merge with Atlanta-based SunTrust Banks to form Truist Financial.
History
In 1872, Alpheus Branch and Thomas Jefferson Hadley founded the Branch and Hadley merchant bank in their hometown of Wilson, North Carolina. After many transactions, mostly with local farmers, Branch bought out Hadley's shares in 1887 and renamed the company Branch and Company, Bankers. During that same year, the bank also moved to its new headquarters on Nash Street in downtown Wilson, North Carolina. Two years later, Branch, their father-in-law Gen. Joshua Barnes, Hadley, and three other men secured a charter from the North Carolina General Assembly to operate the Wilson Banking and Trust Company. After many more name changes, the company finally settled on the name Branch Banking and Trust Company. Branch remained an active member of the company until their death in 1893. The 1903 Branch Banking and Trust Company Building at Wilson was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.
BB&T sold Liberty Bonds during World War I and grew to have more than $4 million in assets by 1923. BB&T Insurance Services was added in 1922 and a mortgage division was added in 1923. Even though banks across the United States failed as a result of the 1929 Stock Market Crash, BB&T survived; it was the only one to do so in the town of Wilson. Up until 2008, the CEO was John A. Allison IV.
In 2020, Truist Financial acknowledged and apologized for the company's historic connections to slavery. Kelly King, chairperson and chief executive of Truist, issued an employee memo addressing BB&T's slavery ties, but did not mention BB&T's founders Alpheus Branch and Thomas Hadley by name. Prior to the Civil War, Alpheus Branch's father Samuel owned 58 slaves. Thomas Hadley's father owned 37 slaves. The memo stated that "we must consider our own past and acknowledge the role our heritage companies played over 100 years ago to perpetuate the atrocity of slavery and the repression of enslaved people, leading to systemic disadvantages their descendants have endured for generations...We deeply regret and denounce these shameful aspects of our history, both known and unknown." According to the book "Genealogy of American Finance", the economic roots of BB&T can be traced back to 1805, even though BB&T was founded in 1872, nearly a decade after slavery was abolished. Both founders of the bank served in the Confederate Army.
BB&T/SunTrust merger
On February 7, 2019, It was reported that Winston-Salem-based BB&T and Atlanta-based SunTrust Banks would come together in a merger of equals to create the eighth-largest U.S. bank. It would be the biggest bank deal since the 2007-2009 financial crisis. The bank also announced the move of its headquarters to Charlotte, North Carolina, retaining significant operations in Winston-Salem. It was subsequently announced that Winston-Salem would be the bank's headquarters for community banking, while Atlanta would be the hub for wholesale / retail banking.
On June 12, BB&T and SunTrust announced that the merged company would be called Truist Financial Corporation. This name resulted from research that included hiring Interbrand, seeking opinions of employees of both banks, and focus groups. The new name drew criticism from analysts and customers of both banks on social media. Five days later, Truliant Federal Credit Union of Winston-Salem filed suit claiming "trademark infringement", complaining of potential confusion between the two companies' respective names, including Truliant products with "Tru" in their names. The parties agreed to dismiss claims on August 5, 2020, and the lawsuit was closed the next day.
The merger was completed at midnight December 6, 2019. BB&T CEO Kelly King retained the same position with the new company. Customers of both banks were given free access to all of Truist's ATMs free of charge. The merged bank will continue to operate under the BB&T and SunTrust names until the two banks' computer hardware, software and networking systems are streamlined, a process that could take as long as two years. Due to delays related to the COVID-19 pandemic, Truist announced in April 2021 that core conversion to combine the branches would be performed in early 2022. However, on the day the merger closed, SunTrust Bank merged into Branch Banking & Trust Company, forming Truist Bank as the merged company's legal banking entity.
On December 11, 2019, Truist officially exercised its option to purchase Hearst Tower in downtown Charlotte from Cousins Properties. Truist moved its corporate headquarters to Hearst Tower, which was renamed Truist Center. Truist had taken over of total. The bank announced the deal was completed March 31, 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, further actions would be delayed.
Truist unveiled its logo in January 2020, with two Ts representing touch and technology, and a shade of purple combining the blue of SunTrust and the burgundy of BB&T. In November 2020, the bank used helicopters to lift up four signs to the top of the former Hearst Tower. The "Truist" wordmark appears on the North Tryon Street and North College Street sides of the building, while the other two sides displayed the Truist logo. This signage has caused a lot controversy, even leading the building's original architect to refer to the signage as vandalism.
In February 2020, Truist announced it would be launching a nonprofit foundation called the Truist Foundation.
In March 2020, Truist announced it would vacate its former headquarters building in Winston-Salem except for a branch office and would move employees in its community/retail hub to other locations in the city, including the Park Building on Cherry Street and two locations on Stratford Road.
See also
BB&T Center
Truist Financial
Truist Center
SunTrust Banks
BB&T Financial Center
Southern National Bank
List of bank mergers in United States
List of the largest banks in the United States
References
Banks based in North Carolina
1872 establishments in North Carolina
2022 disestablishments in North Carolina
Banks established in 1872
Banks disestablished in 2022
2019 mergers and acquisitions
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Companies based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Economy of Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Economy of the Southeastern United States
Defunct banks of the United States
The purple indigobird (Vidua purpurascens) is a species of bird in the family Viduidae. It is also known as the dusky indigobird, a name which can refer to Vidua funerea. It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitat is dry savanna.
References
External links
Purple indigobird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
purple indigobird
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
purple indigobird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Acronia teterevi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2016.
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 2016
Camp Scott was a recruiting and training base in York, Pennsylvania, for newly raised regiments in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Following the secession of several southern states and the bombardment of Fort Sumter in South Carolina in April 1861, President Abraham Lincoln called for volunteers to suppress the rebellion. In response to this summons to arms, eager volunteers throughout the North flocked to recruiting stations in larger towns to enlist in the military, many in regiments that were originally intended to serve only for three months. Many believed that would be the maximum amount of time it would take before the Confederacy collapsed.
The country was unprepared for the onslaught of volunteers, and the U.S. Army hastily began establishing training sites where these new recruits could be organized into formal units and subsequently trained in military tactics and drills. A wide series of regional camps and bases were established across the North. One such camp was located immediately east of downtown York, a center of commerce and transportation for south-central Pennsylvania. The York Agricultural Society allowed the army to use its fairgrounds as the new base, which was named Camp Scott in honor of General Winfield Scott. Dozens of new regiments arrived over the first few months for training before moving further southward to their field assignments. At its peak in late May 1861, the camp held between 6,000 and 7,000 new soldiers.
As the war progressed, Camp Scott was renamed Camp Franklin in honor of York native William B. Franklin, a prominent corps commander in the Army of the Potomac. During the 1863 Gettysburg Campaign, Camp Franklin was occupied for two days by a Confederate brigade under Colonel Isaac E. Avery.
Following the war, the camp was decommissioned and the grounds restored to the Agricultural Society for the resumption of their annual fairs. Eventually the fair moved to a new location west of York, and the site of Camp Scott was swallowed up in urban expansion.
References
Harpers Weekly, June 8, 1861.
Notes
Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
York, Pennsylvania
American Civil War army posts
1861 establishments in Pennsylvania
Sunday Ajibade Adenihun was appointed military governor of Imo State in Nigeria from July 1978 to October 1979 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.
Adenihun was born on 12 March 1939 in Aduasa in Ghana. They attended the Baptist Boy's High School, Oyo from 1956 to 1960, after which they joined the Nigerian Army.
Their military training took them to Regimental Signal School, Hythe, England (1964), Junior Division Staff College, Warminster, England (1971) and Army Command and Staff College, Jaji (1976).
Adenihun was Commander, Training Depot (1970–73), Deputy Quartermaster-General, Defence Headquarters (1973–75) and General Officer Commanding, 3rd Infantry Division, Jos (1975–78).
Between 1978 and 1979, the then Colonel Adenihun was military governor of old Imo State.
Bob Njemanze from the Njemanze ruling dynasty in Owerri, Imo State described them as "a young man with so much vigour and vision but without time to conclude anything."
However, they did introduce simple but effective procedures for ridding the towns of the state of the mountains of garbage that had been accumulating.
In October 1979 Adenihun handed over to the administration of the first civilian governor of Imo State in the Nigerian Second Republic, Chief Samuel Onunaka Mbakwe.
They died of a heart attack in the United States on 25 November 2008.
References
1939 births
2008 deaths
Governors of Imo State
Yoruba military personnel
People from Osun State
Yoruba politicians
List of Gato-class submarines and their dispositions. 77 of these boats were built during World War II, commissioned from November 1941 through April 1944. The class was very successful in sinking Japanese merchant ships and naval vessels: the top three US submarines in tonnage sunk were Gatos, along with three of the top seven in number of ships sunk. But success had a price: 20 of the 52 US submarines lost in that war were of this class, plus , a damaged boat that returned to the US but was considered a constructive total loss and not repaired. Although many of the class were in reserve postwar and scrapped in 1959-1960, some Gatos served actively with the US Navy into the late 1960s, and others served with foreign navies into the early 1970s.
SS-361 through SS-364 were initially ordered as Balao-class, and were assigned hull numbers that fall in the middle of the range of numbers for the Balao class (SS-285 through SS-416 & SS-425–426). Thus, in some references they are listed with that class. However, they were completed by Manitowoc as Gatos, due to an unavoidable delay in Electric Boat's development of Balao-class drawings. Manitowoc was a follow yard to Electric Boat, and was dependent on them for designs and drawings.
Abbreviations
Abbreviations and hull classification symbols for postwar redesignations/conversions:
AGSS — auxiliary submarine (various roles including sonar testing)
APSS/LPSS — amphibious transport submarine
FS — "fleet snorkel" conversion, including a snorkel and streamlined sail
G IB — GUPPY IB conversion, including a snorkel, streamlined sail, and improved batteries
IXSS — unclassified submarine
PT — pierside trainer for naval reservists, reportedly immobilized by removing the propellers
SSG — guided missile submarine
SSK — hunter-killer submarine
SSO/AOSS — submarine oiler conversion
SSR — radar picket submarine
Struck — Struck (deleted) from the Naval Vessel Register, usually followed by scrapping or other final disposal
Ships in class
See also
List of most successful American submarines in World War II
List of lost United States submarines
List of Balao-class submarines
List of Tench-class submarines
References
External links
Description of GUPPY conversions at RNSubs.co.uk
GUPPY and other diesel boat conversions page (partial archive)
Navsource.org fleet submarines photo index page
Gato
Gato
Honduras competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, United States. The nation returned to the Olympic Games after participating in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's Marathon
Carlos Avila
Final — 2:42:03 (→ 71st place)
Men's 20 km Walk
Santiago Folseca
Final — 1:34:47 (→ 31st place)
Women's Marathon
Leda Díaz de Cano
Final — did not finish (→ no ranking)
Swimming
Men's 100m Freestyle
Rodolfo Torres
Heat — 1:00.92 (→ did not advance, 64th place)
Men's 200m Freestyle
Juan José Piro
Heat — 2:12.51 (→ did not advance, 52nd place)
Men's 100m Backstroke
David Palma
Heat — 1:13.28 (→ did not advance, 43rd place)
Men's 200m Backstroke
Juan José Piro
Heat — 2:32.48 (→ did not advance, 34th place)
Men's 100m Breaststroke
Salvador Corelo
Heat — DSQ (→ did not advance, no ranking)
Men's 200m Breaststroke
David Palma
Heat — 2:37.65 (→ did not advance, 42nd place)
Men's 100m Butterfly
Salvador Corelo
Heat — 1:05.91 (→ did not advance, 49th place)
Men's 200m Butterfly
Juan José Piro
Heat — 2:22.80 (→ did not advance, 33rd place)
Men's 200m Individual Medley
Salvador Corelo
Heat — 2:22.29 (→ did not advance, 36th place)
Men's 400m Individual Medley
Juan José Piro
Heat — 5:15.68 (→ did not advance, 23rd place)
Men's 4 × 100 m Freestyle Relay
Salvador Covelo, Juan José Piro, David Palma, and Rodolfo Torres
Heat — 3:55.87 (→ did not advance, 22nd place)
Men's 4 × 100 m Medley Relay
Salvador Corelo, David Palma, Juan José Piro, and Rodolfo Torres
Heat — 4:22.72 (→ did not advance, 20th place)
Women's 100m Freestyle
María Lardizajal
Heat — 1:07.80 (→ did not advance, 45th place)
Women's 200m Freestyle
María Lardizajal
Heat — 2:28.25 (→ did not advance, 36th place)
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1984 Summer Olympics
1984
1984 in Honduran sport
Michael Matthes (born 26 February 1966, Stuttgart) is a French organist.
Education
Matthes received their first organ lessons privately from Marie-Claire Alain. In 1985, after three years of studies at the Paris Conservatory with Odile Pierre, they won first prize. Only one year later they won a first prize of excellence. During the same time they studied Analysis, Harmony, Counterpoint and Fugue with Yvonne Desportes and Marcel Bitsch and the improvisation with Pierre Cochereau. This course won them the gold medal of the Cziffra foundation.
Career
At the age of nineteen they gave their first concert at the cathedral of Notre-Dame de Paris and since 1986 they have played in several festivals and became the youngest soloist of Radio-France. Their passion for the music written by Marcel Dupré led them to a set of nine concerts featuring the composer's work.
 They are often invited to play at prestigious festivals such as Villa Medicis Rome, Istanbul, Athenes, Berlin. Considered a brilliant organist by most conductors, they are often asked to be the soloist of the greatest European orchestras. They have appeared on television, and leads master classes based on the works of Marcel Dupré and Jeanne Demessieux. Matthes is organist of the great organ at Troyes Cathedral and they are at present professor of organ at the Conservatoire National Marcel Landowski at Troyes.
In 2007 they were awarded the distinction “Chevalier de l'Ordre des Arts et de Lettres” by the French Ministry of Culture.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
French classical organists
French male organists
Cathedral organists
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
21st-century organists
21st-century French male musicians
1966 births
Male classical organists
The One Love Tennis Open was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hardcourts. The event was classified as a $50,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament, held in Atlanta, United States, only 2016.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
External links
Official website
ITF search
One Love Tennis Open
Hard court tennis tournaments in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 2016
Tennis tournaments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Women's tennis tournaments in the United States
Lithops bromfieldii, also called the living stone, is a succulent plant from the genus Lithops native to South Africa that looks like stones when not in bloom. It is a tan and reddish brown and can bloom in the fall and in green, white, red or orange.
References
bromfieldii
Flora of South Africa
Taxa named by Louisa Bolus
The Federal Popular Union (), formerly the Popular Union until 2020, is a centre-right political party in Argentina rooted in Peronism. Established by Juan Atilio Bramuglia as a contingency for Peronists displaced by the 1955 military coup against the populist President Juan Perón, it became a "neo-Peronist" alternative to the exiled leader's line, and subsequently, an alternative to the successive dominant factions in the Justicialist Party.
The UP re-emerged as a political force during the 2011 elections, when it was adopted as a vehicle by Eduardo Duhalde ahead of the Federal Peronist primaries on August 14.
Overview
Emergence
The Popular Union was established as a result of the violent overthrow of President Juan Perón on September 19, 1955. Its founder was Juan Atilio Bramuglia. Bramuglia was a labor lawyer and chief counsel for the Unión Ferroviaria, the most powerful in the CGT umbrella labor union in the 1930s and 1940s. Following a nationalist military coup in June 1943, they joined other CGT leaders in alliance that sought a role within the new government. The principal ally in the government would be the new Labor Secretary, Colonel Juan Perón. This support helped make Perón the "power behind the throne" by 1944, and resulted in their election as President in 1946. Bramuglia would be appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs, though ultimately, opposition to them by the influential First Lady, Eva Perón, led to their resignation in 1949.
Perón's intolerance of rivals, or potential rivals, cost their administration numerous key advisers and allies, and they were overthrown in 1955. Bramuglia, who had had presidential ambitions before their 1949 fall from grace, believed they could fill the power vacuum left by Perón's exile while providing their persecuted fellow Peronists a viable contingency. They were in good terms with the dictator installed following the coup, General Eduardo Lonardi, and offered to cooperate with the latter's policy of avoiding "victors or vanquished." Lonardi agreed, and actively considered naming them to the post of Labor Minister. The move backfired, however, when Lonardi was removed from office for their conciliatory stance in November, and replaced with the more anti-Peronist General Pedro Aramburu. Bramuglia's friendships would protect them against arrests and death threats, however. They established a rapport with President Aramburu, and with the latter's permission, established the Unión Popular (UP) in December.
They were initially condemned by the exiled Perón, who viewed the UP as an attempt to develop a political alternative to the banned Peronist movement. Nor was they the only neo-Peronist leader to emerge in 1955; these also included Cipriano Reyes, who formed the Labor Party, and Vicente Saadi, who formed the Populist Party. All three were Peronists who played key roles in the movement's earliest days, and who later fell out with the populist leader. Each one openly defied Perón by forming these alternatives to their line, and more so by fielding candidates for elections to the Constitutional Assembly of 1957 (tasked with replacing Perón's 1949 Constitution). The UP adopted the Peronist tenets of nationalism and social democracy, while rejecting the personality cult Perón and the late Evita had engendered. The party received a significant boost when Alejandro Leloir, the last Chairman of the Peronist Party' executive committee before Perón's overthrow, joined the UP. Bramuglia issued conciliatory statements in a number of news magazines, and thus distanced themselves from Perón's rhetoric, which, during 1956, was largely inflammatory in nature.
Perón to the Rosada
Hobbled by Perón's opposition and lacking significant support in the Peronist movement and elsewhere, the UP found itself in a position of disadvantage once the restoration of democratic institutions began in late 1956. Leloir, moreover, soon became a rival within the UP, and Bramuglia was forced to cancel its participation in the July 28 Constitutional Assembly election. Their alliance endured despite this, and they nominated Leloir for the upcoming 1958 presidential elections. Secretly, however, Perón and business person Rogelio Julio Frigerio had negotiated an endorsement of UCRI candidate Arturo Frondizi. This endorsement, made public one month before the February 23 polls, surprised most observers (who expected the exiled leader to endorse a blank ballot option, as they had done in 1957), and persuaded Leloir to withdraw. Leloir, who consulted Frondizi instead of their UP partner, left Bramuglia no choice but to call for blank ballots.
The UP elected no Congressmen in 1958, and was barred from running in 1960. President Frondizi lifted the ban ahead of the March 18, 1962, mid-term elections, and ended government receivership over the CGT labor union. The joint developments allowed Bramuglia to form an alliance with the influential textile industry union leader, Andrés Framini. Framini's UP candidacy for Governor of Buenos Aires would then receive an unexpected endorsement: that of Perón, who believed these elections to be a unique chance to regain a role in government for Peronism. Joined on the ticket by Marcos Anglada, Framini's unofficial slogan was unequivocal: "Framini-Anglada, Perón to the Rosada!"
The clear reference to the Casa Rosada (the president's executive office building) rekindled fears of Perón's return among the military and other anti-Peronists. The UP placed third with 18% of the vote, and won 10 of 14 governorships at stake (including Framini's victory in the paramount Province of Buenos Aires). President Frondizi was forced to annul UP victories by the military, and on March 28, they were overthrown. Bramuglia died in September of that year at age 59.
Peronism without Perón
The UP was initially permitted to field local and Congressional candidates by interim President José María Guido. Their intention to run in the less-than-free elections was itself in defiance of Perón, who called for blank ballots. President Guido's moderate policy toward Peronists was thwarted by conservatives and the Armed Forces, however, and on May 18, they signed an order barring the UP from the 1963 elections entirely. Leloir ran for President independently, and obtained 4 electoral votes out of 461.
The party would be led, following Bramuglia's death, by Rodolfo Tercera del Franco, the most prominent member of the Peronists' main rival (the UCR) to join the UP; and Dr. Raúl Matera, a noted neurosurgeon and longtime Peronist. The party would be cleared to participate in 1965 by the conciliatory President Arturo Illia. This concession earned Illia little political goodwill; it was vehemently opposed by anti-Peronists and second-guessed by Perón himself, whose covert return to Argentina in 1964 was impeded at the last minute by a tip, and who no longer believed any civilian government, no matter how moderate, would have the power to reinsert Peronism into the national political stage; indeed, Perón's official political party in Argentina, the Justicialist Party (PJ), had obtained recognition in the courts in January 1965, only to have the decision overturned a month later.
These repeated failures to regain not only power, but also recognition, led numerous leading Peronists to adopt "Peronism without Perón." The most prominent of these, Steelworkers' Union (UOM) leader Augusto Vandor, defied Perón's call for open conflict with the Illia administration, and endorsed the UP. Drawing a clear contrast between themselves and the intransigent Perón much as Bramuglia had done a decade earlier, Vandor proclaimed: "Farewell to arms; it's time for elections." Their participation in the UP, and in the elections, divided Vandor and their allies in the CGT apparatus from the CGT Secretary General, José Alonso, and their allies (including Framini). Vandor's very prominence made them the UP's paramount figure, and by extension, the first viable Peronist alternative to Perón in the movement's twenty years of existence. This became all the more so when, on election day, March 17, the UP garnered 31% to 30% for the UCRP of President Illia; of 96 seats at stake in the 192-seat Lower House, the UP wrested 52 (most of whom were chosen by Vandor), and thus would be second only to the UCRP's 68.
The UP's strong showing guaranteed that allies of Vandor would now hold leadership positions in Congress. These included the new Vice President of the Lower House, Rodolfo Tercera del Franco, and more contentiously, Paulino Niembro (Vandor's right hand at the UOM), who was chosen to head the UP caucus; they therefore became the nation's highest-ranking Peronist elected officials. A member of the PJ executive committee summarized the 1965 elections by remarking that "Perón provided the votes, the UP the label, and Vandor the candidates;" this, they concluded, "can't continue."
These victories, far from being a cause for celebration for Perón and their entourage, only exacerbated the conflict within Peronism. The frustrated leader would now openly call for a coup d'état against President Illia, who refused (as Frondizi had been forced to do in 1962) to annul the results. The UP, and Peronists in general, lived under a less than ideal climate of political freedom, however; police repression of an UP Loyalty Day (October 17) rally resulted in four deaths.
Vandor's call for unity between the UP and the smaller neo-Peronist parties against Perón's personal hegemony over the movement, and the October 22 Avellaneda Declaration calling for the development of an official Peronist Party "from the ground up," nearly precipitated a final rift between Vandor and Perón. Perón believed these moves would effectively end their control of the movement, and that a power struggle to succeed the aging leader lurked behind these challenges to their leadership. Vandor avoided a rift with Perón, explaining that they "confronted Perón to save Perón." The CGT, however, separated for the first time since uniting under the "62 Organizations" system in 1957. Alonso was expelled as Secretary General by Vandor's 13 allies in the 20-member executive committee in February 1966, and formed a rival "CGT that Stands with Perón" with allies from all 62 unions.
The two forces thus clashed again on April 17, when Mendoza Province held elections for Governor and the Provincial Legislature. The UP supported the MPM candidate, Alberto Serú García, while the PJ backed Ernesto Corvalán Nanclares. The proxy fight between Perón and Vandor was, moreover, a crucial trial run ahead of similar elections scheduled for March 1967 in the three most populated provinces: Buenos Aires, Córdoba, and Santa Fe. Campaign rhetoric, accordingly, was usually heated. Serú remarked that "while others wait for orders, Vandor and I believe that Peronists must act;" and Perón replied with one of their many idiomatic expressions, charging that "if they're old enough to use their trousers, they shouldn't use my shirt."
Ultimately, the rivalry only served to divide the Peronist vote. Corvalán Nanclares' 102,000 bested Serú García's 62,000; but both lost to Emilio Jofré of the Democratic Party (a local, center-right party), who garnered 129,000. They never took office, however, because the one effort in which Alonso, Perón, and Vandor cooperated consistently — fostering labor unrest to undermine the Illia administration — helped result in a military coup on June 28, thereby rescinding all elected posts.
Later history
The Argentine Congress remained dissolved for seven years. Tercera del Franco was succeeded as the President of the UP in 1970 by Carlos Insúa, who had been President of the Club de Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata football team from 1948 to 1955, and had been one of the UP Congressmen who had been denied a seat following the 1962 elections. Tercera del Franco remained involved in the committee, and was among those interviewed by Perón during the latter's November 1972 visit to Argentina. The last of a series of three dictators, General Alejandro Lanusse negotiated a return to democracy with Peronists (who remained the largest political force in Argentina). The UP was largely subsumed into the Justicialist Party, though Insúa was among those elected to Congress in the 1973 elections that brought Peronists back to power. The Peronist restoration unraveled following Perón's death in July 1974, and ended with the March 1976 coup.
Antonio Cafiero, who had a number of economic policy positions during the administarions of both Juan and Isabel Perón (who was deposed in 1976), founded the "Movement for Unity, Solidarity and Organization" in September 1982, a reformist faction of the Justicialist Party, and gained the support of many in the UP. The group, known as Renovación Peronista (Peronist Renewal), was defeated in the Justicialist Party's September 1983 nominating convention for that year's presidential race by a more conservative faction backed by Lorenzo Miguel of the Steelworkers' Union. Cafiero's Frente Renovador Party list won a majority in the Justicialist delegation to Congress from Buenos Aires Province in elections in 1985, defeating the right wing Herminio Iglesias faction. Cafiero was elected Governor of Buenos Aires Province in 1987 and President of the Justicialist Party National Council. They ran in the May 1988 primary election for the upcoming presidential campaign; but they could not regain the support of the CGT, or sway delegates from the smaller provinces, and lost to Carlos Menem, who subsequently won the 1989 general election.
The UP would afterward endorse Peronist candidates from conservative factions. Reorganized under the Front of the Popular Movement, the party nominated San Luis Province Governor Adolfo Rodríguez Saá for President in the 2003 elections; they obtained 14% of the vote (fourth place). The UP endorsed Neuquén People's Movement presidential candidate Jorge Sobisch in 2007; Sobisch earned 1.4%, of which 0.4% were UP votes.
The Unión Popular ticket, never used as such in a presidential race, was adopted by Eduardo Duhalde, who formally announced their candidacy for the 2011 presidential race on June 9.
References
External links
Official website
Justicialist Party
Peronist parties and alliances in Argentina
Political parties in Argentina
Political parties established in 1955
1955 establishments in Argentina
The Détachement d'Action Rapide et de Dissuasion (DARD) () is a specialist unit of the cantonal police of Vaud, originally established to counter the growing rate of terrorism in Europe during the herald of the 1970s. They are based in the Centre d'Intervention Régional (English: Regional Intervention Centre), located in La Blécherette in the city of Lausanne.
The acronym DARD means "stinger" in French.
History
DARD was founded on 1 September 1991 in Vaud, due to concerns of the canton regarding terrorism at the cantonal level. It is an extension of the previous réserve d'intervention ("intervention reserve") which was composed of 6 gendarmes. By contrast, the DARD is a standing unit of 13 gendarmes. One of its known commanders was Olivier Durgnat.
Known operations
Skinheads were apprehended by DARD operators during a march on 30 June 2003. DARD was mobilised to hunt down an armed robber who had robbed a bank on 7 November 2006. DARD units were deployed to Bussigny-près-Lausanne on 12 November 2007 after an armed man was reported to Vaud police; the armed suspect was wounded before being taken to a hospital.
DARD operators were deployed on 14 May 2008 in an anti-drug operation to seize hemp. DARD was also deployed to conduct another anti-drug operation with 25 people arrested.
A DARD unit was mobilised to assist sûreté detectives on 20 August 2008 to dissuade a man from committing suicide, which failed despite negotiations by DARD negotiators and detectives.
On 9 January 2009, DARD units had been mobilised in a manhunt to arrest two suspects responsible for killing a sexagenarian man on 29 December 2008.
Canine units use
DARD uses canine units in most of its operations after a training program started in 2005 with the first dog accepted into DARD service in 2006.
Equipment
DARD operators are issued the following firearms:
Glock 17
SIG-Sauer P226
Heckler & Koch MP5
SIG SG 550
References
Specialist law enforcement agencies of Switzerland
Non-military counterterrorist organizations
Canton of Vaud
Pandæmonium is the capital of Hell in John Milton's epic poem Paradise Lost.
"Pandæmonium" (in some versions of English "Pandemonium") stems from the Greek "παν", meaning "all" or "every", and "δαιμόνιον", a diminutive form meaning "little spirit", "little angel", or, as Christians interpreted it, "little daemon", and later, "demon". It thus roughly translates as "All Demons", but can also be interpreted as Παν-δαιμον-ειον, Pandemoneios or "all-demon-place".
John Milton invented the name for the capital of Hell, "the High Capital, of Satan and their Peers", built by the fallen angels at the suggestion of Mammon at the end of Book I of Paradise Lost (1667). It was designed by the architect Mulciber, who had been the designer of palaces in Heaven before their fall. (In Roman times, Mulciber was another name for the Roman god Vulcan.) Book II begins with the debate among the "Stygian Council" in the council-chamber of Pandæmonium. The demons built it in about an hour, but it far surpassed all human palaces or dwellings; it was probably quite small, however, as its spacious hall is described as being very crowded with the thronging swarm of demons, who were taller than any human man, until at a signal they were shrunk from their titanic size to less than "smallest dwarfs". It was also reputed to be made of solid gold.
See also
Dis
Inferno
External links
Fictional populated places
Hell (Christianity)
D-threonine aldolase (, D-TA, DTA, low specificity D-TA, low specificity D-threonine aldolase) is an enzyme with systematic name D-threonine acetaldehyde-lyase (glycine-forming). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
(1) D-threonine glycine + acetaldehyde
(2) D-allothreonine glycine + acetaldehyde
This pyridoxal-phosphate protein is activated by divalent metal cations (e.g. Co2+, Ni2+, Mn2+ or Mg2+).
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
Santa Margarita Catholic High School (SMCHS) is a coeducational college preparatory Roman Catholic high school located in Rancho Santa Margarita, California, United States. SMCHS is owned and operated by the Diocese of Orange, and was opened in 1987 under the direction of the Bishop of Orange. Although it follows the Catholic tradition, admission is open to students of all faiths. As of fall 2018, 1,673 students were enrolled in grades 9 through 12.
SMCHS opened in the fall of 1987, the first Catholic high school to serve South Orange County. Its campus is adjacent to the San Francisco Solano parish church. Accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, Santa Margarita is one of three International Baccalaureate World Schools in California, in addition to offering Advanced Placement (AP) courses and exams. SMCHS also offers a comprehensive Auxiliary Studies Program (ASP) to help students who learn differently than others. The Class of 2015 earned $30 million in scholarship offers.
Campus
Groundbreaking for the school was held on April 18, 1986. It opened with 216 students on September 2, 1987. The three-story "G" building was completed in 1990.
The Eagle Athletic Center opened in May 2010. The center is the first LEED-certified building in the Diocese of Orange and in Rancho Santa Margarita. In August 2011 the school opened its new $10.3 million 2-story, LEED-certified academic building, that houses a permanent 3,700 square foot television studio, new counseling offices and ASP classrooms, and a second story completely devoted to World Language classrooms. A "Talon Theatre" replaced the "Eagle Dome" that is currently used for talent productions.
Admissions
Admission to Santa Margarita Catholic High School is based on Academic transcripts, activities, and the High School placement test. The results of the exam are used to help place students in the most appropriate classes for their first-year student year. The admissions process includes: the application process, review of academic transcripts, review of standardized testing results, recommendation letters from the students' Math teacher, English Teacher, and Principal/School Counselor, and participation in activities. Prospective Students are encouraged to shadow a current SMCHS student. Incoming first-year student students spend the day at Santa Margarita with a current SMCHS first-year student with similar interests.
Scholarships
Curriculum
A variety of courses is offered to students, which gives each student the opportunity to take courses fit to his/her individual strengths. SMCHS offers numerous Honors courses, Advanced Placement courses, an International Baccalaureate program, an Interdisciplinary Triad Program, and an Auxiliary Studies Program for students with mild learning differences. Along with this curriculum, SMCHS also offers a Model United Nations (MUN) program as part of the Honors History department and an Arts and Dance program that encompasses various branches of the performing arts and art classes.
The spiritual aspect of Santa Margarita is developed within students through religious education classes, school wide masses, and various retreats throughout the year. The retreat experience culminates with Kairos, a retreat specifically for seniors. Each student also works to fulfill Christian Service projects each year which are undertaken in the students' religion classes.
SMCHS's graduation requirements prepares students to be involved citizens of the world. Students must accrue a minimum of 270 credits of course work to graduate from SMCHS. Included within credits completed satisfactorily are the following course requirements:
Students are expected to meet all Christian Service obligations before graduation. SMCHS provides students with the opportunity to be involved with different Campus Ministry activities. There are grade level retreats and campus retreats, Kairos, Peer Ministry, and several school wide masses throughout the year.
Extracurricular activities
SMCHS has several extra-curricular activities on campus. These activities include ASB/Student Council, Color Guard, Drama Productions, Mock Trial, and Pep Squad.
Co-curricular activities: Choir, Dance Team, Debate and Argument, Band (Eagle Regiment), Eagle Television (ETV Public Address Morning Announcements), Journalism (The Eagle Eye Newspaper), Model United Nations, Mock Trial, Orchestra, and Yearbook.
Clubs
SMCHS has a variety of Clubs and Service Organizations. Some of which include:
SMCHS Flying and Aviation Club
Athletics
Santa Margarita Catholic High School's athletic teams, known as the Eagles, compete in the Trinity League. SMCHS also offers club sports including ice hockey and equestrian. Since 1991, the Eagles have captured 187 league titles, 56 CIF titles, four Southern California Regional titles and 8 State Champion titles. In addition to those team successes, SMCHS has produced over 51 individual CIF Champions and over 38 CIF Players of the Year. has produced many distinguished athletes such as NBA All-Star Klay Thompson, Heisman Trophy winner Carson Palmer, Olympic gold medalist and winner of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Amy Rodriguez, Outland Trophy recipient Kris Farris, Buffalo Sabres first-round draft pick Ryan Johnson, and recipient of the Walter Payton Award and Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Brian Finneran.
SMCHS participates in 15 sports: football, volleyball, basketball, soccer, water polo, cross-country, golf, tennis, wrestling, baseball, softball, lacrosse, ice hockey, track and field, and swimming.
Notable alumni
Michael Brady - MLB player for the Oakland Athletics
Griffin Canning - Pitcher for the Los Angeles Angels
Kristin Cavallari - actor and designer, before transferring to Laguna Beach High School
River Cracraft - National Football League wide receiver for Denver Broncos
K.J. Costello - football player for the Los Angeles Chargers
Kelly Crean - actor
Ryan Eggold - actor, 90210, The Blacklist, currently starring on New Amsterdam
Gavin Escobar - National Football League tight end for Kansas City Chiefs, Dallas Cowboys
Kris Farris - football player
Erika Figge - member of United States women's national water polo team, 2007 Pan American Games gold medalist
Brian Finneran - former National Football League wide receiver for Atlanta Falcons
Beau Hossler - professional golfer; as amateur finished 29th at 2012 U.S. Open
Michael Hoyos - Argentine soccer player
Jared Hughes - MLB pitcher for Milwaukee Brewers, Pittsburgh Pirates
Ethan Luck - drummer for Relient K and for guitarist for O.C. Supertones
Katie McLaughlin - USA National Team and Olympic Swimmer
Anicka Delgado - Olympic Swimmer
Jeremy McNichols - NFL running back for the San Francisco 49ers
Carson Palmer - Former three-time Pro Bowl quarterback who played for the NFL's Arizona Cardinals, Cincinnati Bengals, and Oakland Raiders, 2002 Heisman Trophy winner
Doug Reinhardt - MLB baseball player and television personality
Mark Restelli - Canadian Football League linebacker for Edmonton Eskimos
Chris Rix - starting quarterback for Florida State Seminoles (2001–2004), now broadcaster for Fox Sports
Amy Rodriguez - member of United States women's national soccer team, 2008 Summer Olympics gold medalist
Jason Stiles - football player
Klay Thompson - 11th overall pick in 2011 NBA Draft, currently plays for the Golden State Warriors
Mychel Thompson - former NBA player for Cleveland Cavaliers
Trayce Thompson - MLB player for the Los Angeles Dodgers
Max Tuerk - USC and NFL center
Ryan Johnson - Buffalo Sabres (NHL) first-round draft pick
References
External links
School Website
Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange
Catholic secondary schools in California
High schools in Orange County, California
International Baccalaureate schools in California
Educational institutions established in 1987
1987 establishments in California
HMCS Bittersweet was a that was commissioned in the Royal Navy but served primarily in the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War. They were used mainly in the Battle of the Atlantic as an ocean escort. They were named for flowering vines Solanum dulcamara and Celastrus scandens.
Background
Flower-class corvettes like Bittersweet serving with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War were different from earlier and more traditional sail-driven corvettes. The "corvette" designation was created by the French for a class of small warships; the Royal Navy borrowed the term for a period but discontinued its use in 1877. During the hurried preparations for war in the late 1930s, Winston Churchill reactivated the corvette class, needing a name for smaller ships used in an escort capacity, in this case based on a whaling ship design. The generic name "flower" was used to designate the class of these ships, which – in the Royal Navy – were named after flowering plants.
Construction
Bittersweet was ordered on 22 January 1940 for the Royal Navy in the 1939-1940 Flower-class building program from Marine Industries Ltd. in Sorel, Quebec. They were laid down on 17 April 1940 and launched on 12 September 1940. They were commissioned on 23 January 1941 into the Royal Navy. On 15 May 1941 they were one of ten Flower-class corvettes transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy. They could be told apart from other Canadian Flowers by their lack of minesweeping gear and the siting of the after gun tub amidships. Bittersweet had three refits in their career. Them first one was at Charleston in December 1941 which lasted until February 1942. Them second refit was at Baltimore in October to November 1943 where they had their fo'c'sle extended. The last refit took place at Pictou, Nova Scotia and lasted until February 1945.
War service
Bittersweet, after commissioning, headed back to the United Kingdom, fitting out on the Tyne and working up at Tobermory. On 15 May 1941 they were loaned to Canada and was assigned to the Newfoundland Escort Force (NEF) in June. They served as an ocean escort until December of that year. In March 1942 after resuming their duties they joined several escort groups as part of Mid-Ocean Escort Force and served with them until October 1943 before departing for another refit. Them last ocean convoy escort duty took place in October 1944.
After another refit, Bittersweet resumed duties their duties briefly with Halifax Force before transferring to Sydney Force. They remained with Sydney Force for the remainder of the war.
Trans-Atlantic convoys escorted
Post-war service
Bittersweet was returned to the Royal Navy on 22 June 1945 at Aberdeen, Scotland. They were broken up at Rosyth in 1950.
References
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Canadian Navy
Flower-class corvettes of the Royal Navy
1940 ships
La Libertad, also recorded as , is a small indigenous village of the Yagua people located on the banks of the Amazon River, in Colombia, South America. It is within the province of the Amazonas. It is located northwest of the city of Leticia, Colombia.
History
According to the village shaman Gustavo Cadenas, the first people (about 50) arrived in the settlement during 1992. Twenty years later the village numbered about 350 people, the majority being under the age of 18. At the 2018 census, the population was 313, with around half being under 20.
Economy
All established families have their own areas of cultivation, growing mostly bananas, plantain, yucca, and other assorted tropical fruits. They also rely on fish for a staple food. The work of the villagers deals mostly with tourism, some guided, and handicrafts sold to tourists or to retailers in the city of Leticia.
References
Talk on Amazon Pueblo Project March 15, 2012 (Free Press Online)
The Amazon Pueblo Project May 15, 2012 (Rocky Coast News)
External links
http://www.selvatoursgustavo.com
Populated places in the Amazonas Department
Populated places established in 1992
1998 establishments in Colombia
The lowland white-eye (Zosterops meyeni) is a species of bird in the family Zosteropidae.
It is endemic to the northern part of the Philippines and the Taiwanese islands of Lüdao and Lanyu.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
lowland white-eye
Birds of Luzon
Birds of Mindoro
Fauna of Batanes
lowland white-eye
lowland white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Honda CMX450 "Rebel" is a motorcycle manufactured by Honda for the model years 1986 and 1987 only. In contrast to the Rebel 250 250cc cruiser, it has a 450cc engine. The introduction of the Rebel 250 and 450 has been cited as a way for Honda to attract female riders, new to motorcycling. due to the bikes' low seat heights, low center of gravity, and overall ease of handling; However, the September 1985 issue of Motorcyclist magazine, when the Rebel was first introduced, states "by targeting the bike to a young audience, such as those who watch MTV, Honda hopes to attract newcomers and expand the motorcycle market ... Honda is not marketing this motorcycle as a woman's bike".
It has a single disc brake in the front and a drum in the rear. The only gauge is a speedometer that includes gear recommendations based on speed; there is no tachometer. The transmission is a standard down-1st, up-2nd to 6th. The 6th speed acts as an overdrive.
References
CMX450
Motorcycles introduced in 1986
Cruiser motorcycles
Motorcycles powered by straight-twin engines
The canary white-eye or yellow white-eye (Zosterops luteus) is a species of white-eye endemic to northern Australia in subtropical or tropical mangrove forests. Its common name reflects the circle of white feathers around its eye.
Description
Zosterops luteus is a small white-eye with a bright olive back and yellow underparts and lores. It has a characteristic ring of silver-white feathers around its eyes, with a dark loral stripe. It is a nectar feeder with a short, sharp beak and a brush-tipped tongue similar to the honeyeaters.
The bird is 100–110 mm long, with a wingspan of 52–59 mm, a bill of 13-16mm and weighs between 6.5 and 11.0 grams.
Taxonomy and systematics
The canary white-eye or yellow white-eye is a member of the family Zosteropidae, known as white-eyes, or silver-eyes. Their distribution includes Africa, south and east Asia, Australia, and many islands in the Indian and west Pacific Oceans.
The lectotype for this species is ANSP 18264, an adult male collected at Port Essington in the Northern Territory and held in the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University, Philadelphia. There is also a paralectotype ANSP 18265, another adult male collected from the same location.
The species name for the canary white-eye or yellow white-eye is Zosterops luteus Gould, 1843, Greenhill Island, Van Dieman Gulf, Northern Territory, Australia. While there are variations in plumage and size across the range and some intergrading of the races, genetic testing suggests two subspecies split between the western and eastern populations.
Z. l. balstoni Ogilvie-Grant, 1909 is found in coastal northwest Australia from Shark Bay (including Dirk Hartog Island), east to Wotjulum (King Sound) and the Northern Kimberley district.
Z. l. luteus Gould, 1843 is found in coastal northern Australia from the Northern Kimberley district east, including coastal islands of Melville, Bickerton, Groote Eylandt and Sir Edward Pellew Group, to western Cape York Peninsula (Edward River) and an isolated population in eastern Queensland in the region of Ayr to the mouth of Burdekin River.
The family and genus names, Zosteropidae Bonaparte 1853 and Zosterops Vigors & Horsfield 1827, come from the Greek words zoster meaning a warrior's belt or girdle and ops meaning eye. The species name Zosterops luteus combines the genus name with the Latin luteus meaning golden or saffron yellow. The name for the western subspecies balstoni derives from the name of the collector, W.E. Balston, who donated the specimens to the British Museum that Ogilvie-Grant described. Although the name derives from the donor's name, the specimens were collected by Mr G.C. Shortridge who was recognised in the naming of Zosterops shortridgii.
The most commonly-used name for the species in Australia is yellow white-eye.
Behaviour and ecology
The bird is found in mangrove, mangal and adjacent riverine vegetation. They feed on insects including larvae in the outer foliage of small trees or shrubs and occasionally on muddy mangrove flats. They are gregarious, usually found in pairs or small flocks.
The IUCN Red List rating, the Northern Territory Conservation Status, Queensland Conservation Status and Western Australian Conservation Status for this species is The Least Concern (LC).
References
canary white-eye
Birds of Western Australia
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Queensland
Endemic birds of Australia
canary white-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Anne Elizabeth Pusey is director of the Jane Goodall Institute Research Center and a professor of evolutionary anthropology at Duke University. Since the early 1990s, Pusey has been archiving the data collected from the Gombe chimpanzee project. The collection housed at Duke University consists of a computerized database that Pusey oversees. In addition to archiving Jane Goodall's research from Gombe, they are involved in field study and advising students at Gombe . They were elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2022.
Education and early life
Pusey graduated from Oxford University in 1970 with a degree in zoology and became a field assistant to Jane Goodall at the Gombe research facility in Tanzania in August 1970. Dr. Pusey and another researcher, Craig Packer, left Gombe in 1975 after the kidnapping of some of their fellow researchers. Pusey did not return to Gombe until 1982, after receiving their doctorate in ethology from Stanford University. They did their doctoral research at the Serengeti Wildlife Research Institute. Pusey became a professor at the University of Minnesota in 1983. They and their husband and former fellow researcher, Craig Packer split the position and worked part of the time at the University and part of the time researching in Africa. It was while at the University of Minnesota that Dr. Pusey started archiving the 50 years of research and field notes from Jane Goodall and their research assistants at Gombe. They eventually became Director of the Jane Goodall Institute's Center for Primate Studies and a McKnight Distinguished University Professor of Ecology, Evolution and Behavior at Minnesota University.
Work
Pusey's research interests lie mostly in the social structure and social evolution of the more social animal species. They primarily study lions, chimpanzees, and humans. In addition to focusing on social bonds, they are also interested in competition and cooperation amongst members of these groups. Them research projects include areas of female social interactions including patterns of settlement and relationships between only females. Additionally, they focus on male allies and their significance. They also work together with faculty from other universities on many other aspects of the life and health of these social groups of mammals. One area that they collaborate on is the study of the simian immunodeficiency virus (SIVcpz) also known as the chimpanzee version of aids, and its effects on the subjects .  They are known for their research on the virus .
Personal life
Pusey was married to Craig Packer for twenty years.
Media
Pusey has authored or co-authored 21 book selections, 114 journal entries, and 6 conference papers.
In 1989, Pusey and Craig Packer released their documentary, Queen of Beasts. The documentary shows Pusey and Packer's research on examining the social hierarchy of lion prides and outlines why they are the only big cats who live in groups. The documentary was filmed in Serengeti National Park in East Africa and shows the couple with their children, Jonathan and Catherine Packer.
Awards
Fellow of the Animal Behavior Society. Animal Behavior Society. 2013
James B. Duke Professor of Evolutionary Anthropology, Duke University. Duke University. 2010
Fellow. American Academy of Arts and Sciences. 2005
McKnight Distinguished University Professor, University of Minnesota. 1999
Fellowship. John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. 1990
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Duke University faculty
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Primatologists
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Komal Gandhar ( Kōmal Gāndhār), also known as A Soft Note on a Sharp Scale, is a 1961 Bengali film written and directed by legendary filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak. The title refers to the Hindustani equivalent of "E-flat". It was part of the trilogy composed of Meghe Dhaka Tara (1960), Komal Gandhar and Subarnarekha (1962), all dealing with the aftermath of the Partition of India in 1947 and the refugees coping with it, though this was the most optimistic film of their oeuvre. The film explores three themes juxtaposed in the narrative: the dilemma of Anusuya, the lead character, the divided leadership of IPTA, and the fallout from the partition of India.
Overview
The title was taken from the line of a poem by Rabindranath Tagore that meant a sur or note, E-flat. As in other films by Ghatak, music plays a pivotal role in the movie.
Through the microcosmic perspectivising of a group of devoted and uncompromising IPTA workers, Ghatak with their signature style touches on varied issues of partition, idealism, corruption, the interdependence of art and life, the scope of art, and class-struggle. Unlike their other films, this one runs along an upbeat mood with the lead pair of lovers (Vrigu and Anusua) being reunited.
Cast
Supriya Devi as Anusuya
Abanish Bannerjee as Bhrigu
Bijon Bhattacharya as Gagan
Satindra Bhattacharya as Shibnath
Debabrata Biswas
Chitra Sen as Jaya
Anil Chatterjee as Rishi
Gyanesh Mukherjee
Satyabrata Chattopadhyay
Gita Dey as Shanta
Soundtrack
Music was by Jyotirindra Moitra, from IPTA, and a noted Rabindra Sangeet exponent who had previously given music in Ghatak's Meghe Dhaka Tara (1960), and had song by singers like, Bijon Bhattacharya, Debabrata Biswas, Hemanga Biswas. Bahadur Khan played sarod in the soundtrack. The film is noted for its wedding songs and also contrapuntal use of sound.
Screening of Komal Gandhar aka E-Flat in different festivals
2017: Ritwik Ghatak Retrospective UK, at Dundee Contemporary Arts, Dundee, Scotland, UK, Programme curated by Sanghita Sen, Department of Film Studies, St Andrews University, UK
See also
List of works of Ritwik Ghatak
References
Citation
Notes
External links
A Review by Erin O'Donnell
1961 films
Bengali-language Indian films
Films directed by Ritwik Ghatak
Films set in the partition of India
Indian black-and-white films
1960s Bengali-language films
Shippea Hill railway station is on the Breckland Line in the east of England, serving the Burnt Fen area of Cambridgeshire and Suffolk. The line runs between in the west and in the east.
Shippea Hill is a request stop from London Liverpool Street via Cambridge, in one of the few areas within Burnt Fen which rise just above sea level. The station is on the A1101 road between Littleport and Mildenhall.
It has been noted for its low patronage: for example, only 12 passenger entries/exits were recorded at the station in 2015/16.
History
The station was opened in 1845 as Mildenhall Road. In 1885 its name was changed to Burnt Fen, and in about 1904 it adopted the name Shippea Hill.
On 7 April 1906, a passenger train derailed due to excessive speed. Eight passengers were injured, two seriously.
Ordnance Survey maps from the 1920s show a network of narrow-gauge horse-drawn feeder agricultural tramways running south west from the station yard onto the Hiam Estate. There was also a standard gauge private railway branch running east to a chicory factory, which in turn had a network of narrow gauge agricultural tramways running south east onto the Chivers Estate.
On 3 December 1976, at about 4 pm, a passenger train collided with a lorry on an unmanned level crossing near Shippea Hill. The train driver, Robert (Bob) Hitcham, was killed and eight of their passengers were injured.
The wooden level crossing gates at Shippea Hill used to be operated manually by the signalman in the local signal box. In 2012, the signal box was closed and the crossing was renewed with automatic barriers and warning lights.
Quietest UK railway station
Shippea Hill has been recorded as one of the least-used railway stations in Britain. According to Office of Rail and Road estimates, it was the least-used railway station in 2014/15 (with 22 passengers) and 2015/16 (12 passengers). In 2016/17 there was an increase to 156 passengers. This trend has continued in subsequent years, to a recent record of 432 passengers in 2018/19. Due to its unusual status, it sometimes attracts attempts to boost its numbers. In December 2016, Ian Cumming, a finalist from The Great British Bake Off attracted at least 16 people to the station by handing out free mince pies.
Simon Usborne of The Guardian wrote, "It's hard to imagine a more desolate place to get off a train. Shipping containers for sale stand in a muddy yard behind the far platform, opposite the pitched-roof signal box, now shuttered. Otherwise the view is of field after field, some showing maize stumps, others now peat-black and ploughed."
Shippea Hill station was not always so quiet. The 1966/1967 timetable shows that about 12 trains a day called in each direction and it was used as a railhead for the airbases at Mildenhall and Lakenheath; many Americans boarded or left the train there.
Geoff Marshall and Vicki Pipe featured the station on their YouTube channel All The Stations, which catalogued their attempt to visit all currently operating railway stations in Great Britain. In Episode 17, on 3 June 2017, they started their day at Shippea Hill and with a group of their friends plus three genuine passengers, they almost doubled the entire previous years total of 12 passengers in one day. After the video was published, Shippea Hill's passenger numbers spiked.
Services
Shippea Hill is a request stop, so passengers must signal to the conductor or driver if they wish to alight or board.
the station is served by one train per day (in the morning peak) to , except on Sundays. Additionally, on Saturdays only there is one train to .
Despite the next station, Lakenheath, being only a few miles away, there are no direct services between the two stations.
References
External links
Railway stations in Cambridgeshire
Former Great Eastern Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1845
Greater Anglia franchise railway stations
Railway request stops in Great Britain
Low usage railway stations in the United Kingdom
Low-specificity L-threonine aldolase (, LtaE) is an enzyme with systematic name L-threonine/L-allo-threonine acetaldehyde-lyase (glycine-forming). This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
(1) L-threonine glycine + acetaldehyde
(2) L-allothreonine glycine + acetaldehyde
This enzyme requires pyridoxal phosphate.
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
United Nations Security Council resolution 692, adopted on 20 May 1991, after recalling resolutions 674 (1990), 686 (1991) and 687 (1991), as well as taking the report by the Secretary-General, the council decided to establish the United Nations Compensation Commission to deal with compensation claims resulting from Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, which subsequently led to the Gulf War.
The council also decided that the Governing Council of the commission will be located in Geneva, would work to implement relevant parts of Resolution 687 (1991), and requested Member States to co-operate with it. It also asked the Governing Council to report as soon as possible on mechanisms for determining Iraq's contribution to the commission, noting that if Iraq refuses to co-operate with the Governing Council, the Security Council may reconsider the prohibition against the import of oil originating in Iraq.
Resolution 692 was adopted for 14 votes to none, with one abstention from Cuba.
See also
Gulf War
Invasion of Kuwait
Iraq–Kuwait relations
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0692
0692
History of Kuwait
1991 in Iraq
1991 in Kuwait
0692
May 1991 events
Anne Byrne may refer to:
Anne Frances Byrne (1775–1837), member of the Water-Colour Society
Anne Byrne (actor) (born 1943), American actor
Anne Byrne (singer), Irish singer
Anne Hamilton-Byrne, leader of The Family, a controversial Australian New Age organization
Anne-Marie Byrne, Lady Byrne, fictional character in the BBC medical drama Holby City
See also
Ann Burns (disambiguation)
Byrne (surname)
Elater is a genus of click beetle belonging to the family Elateridae.
Species
Species within this genus include:
Elater abruptus Say, 1825
Elater acutus (Candèze, 1863)
Elater asmodaius Wurst, 1994
Elater ater (Candèze, 1865)
Elater decorus (Germar, 1843)
Elater dilaticollis (Fairmaire, 1883)
Elater ferrugineus Linnaeus, 1758
Elater georgelewisi (Suzuki, 1985)
Elater lecontei (Horn, 1871)
Elater magnicollis (Fleutiaux, 1918)
Elater niponensis (Lewis, 1894)
Elater pinguis (Horn, 1884)
Elater riesei Schimmel, 2007
Elater ruficollis (Solier, 1851)
Elater sakishimensis Ôhira, 1967
Elater solskyi (Suzuki, 1985)
Elater splendens Gurjeva, 1974
Elater tauricus (Schwarz, 1897)
Elater thoracicus (Fleutiaux, 1918)
References
Elaterinae
Beetles described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Rupert Pearse is a British physician specialising in intensive care medicine, and NIHR Professor of Intensive Care Medicine at Queen Mary University of London.
Pearse graduated from St George's, University of London, in 1996.
 They are the founding director of the Perioperative Medicine Clinical Trials Network and is involved in a number of large multi-centre studies including PRISM, OPTIMISE II, and EPOCH.
References
British medical researchers
NIHR Research Professors
NIHR Senior Investigators
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
Alumni of St George's, University of London
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Orchids and Ermine is a 1927 silent film comedy starring Colleen Moore, filmed partly on location in New York. The film still exists. This was Mickey Rooney's first feature-length film (his first film being a short subject released in 1926).
Story
Set in New York City, flapper Pink Watson (Colleen Moore) works as a telephone operator at a cement factory and dreams of marrying rich. Them constant daydreaming of wealth annoys their fellow workers, and ruins the heart of one of their worshipping colleagues. Instead, they interview at the De Luxe Hotel on Fifth Avenue for the job of hotel switchboard operator, and lands the position despite the large number of women soliciting. During their first day, they befriend Ermintrude De Vere (Gwen Lee), and is invited to accompany them on a date with a young millionaire named Mr. Vandergriff (Brooks Benedict), who is later revealed as a scheming chauffeur at Long Island. Jenkins' boss, an old millionaire, fires them and tries to flirt with the two girls. While gold digger Ermintrude is flattered by their attention, Pink reacts appalled at the age difference and walks home, for hours.
While working the next day, an oil millionaire named Tabor (Jack Mulhall) checks in and is immediately set upon by gold-diggers. They swap places with their assistant Hank (Sam Hardy) and poses as a chauffeur. Pink falls for Tabor without knowing of their fortunes (even though they never lied to her: it was Ermintrude who convinced Pink that the man introducing themselves as Tabor was actually their assistant), while Hank gets in trouble under the identity of their employer by charming Ermintrude. Hank quickly learns the backsides of constantly being followed by numerous gold diggers. Following their shift, they help Tabor with the techniques to seduce a lady, because Tabor has fallen in love with Pink. These tips do not prove to be helpful, noting that when Hank puts them to test with Pink himself, they get yelled at.
When Tabor tries to flirt with the same pickup lines, Pink is less than flattered and criticizes them for taking money from their 'boss', with which they bought orchids for them Tabor then tries to reveal their true identity, but Pink does not believe them and tries to get rid of them in the mass of the New York streets. They eventually get on a bus, thinking to have lost him, only to have them jumping on the same bus from another vehicle. Pink is still not impressed, until they get hit on their head by a bridge and passes out. Feeling guilty, Pink takes care of them and falls in love, even though realizing that they will be a poor girl their entire life when they marry a valet. Hank, meanwhile, is taking Ermintrude out for dinner, during which they quickly trick them into eloping with them
The following morning, Tabor, now dressed as a millionaire, asks Pink to marry him, and they (thinking they have moved up in status to a department store floorwalker) enthusiastically accepts. They then again tries to reveal their true identity and spoils their fiancé with ermine fur, as well as a wedding dress in a fancy shop. Meanwhile, the shop's owner finds a photo in the newspaper featuring 'Tabor' (Hank) and Ermintrude as newlyweds, and thinks that the real Tabor is an impostor. They alert the police, and has Tabor arrested. Devastated by what they think is betrayal, Pink contacts 'Tabor' (Hank) to help them get their 'valet' (Tabor) out of jail. At court, Hank initially lies about the identity switch because they are afraid of losing Ermintrude, but admits to the truth after their departure. Pink is happily reunited with Tabor and they leave for Oklahoma.
Background
Exteriors for the film were shot on location in New York City, and shortly after the arrival of the troupe in the city the weather turned cold and rainy. This gives the film the distinction of being one of the first major motion pictures to show the streets of New York in the rain (the studio, making the most of a bad situation, chose to say they had planned for it to rain, and it was the lack of rain that had kept the troupe from returning to Los Angeles from New York on schedule). Cameras were placed in hidden locations so scenes could be shot with unsuspecting pedestrians, however when viewing the rushes of scenes just show, one news boy was seen staring directly into the camera in every shot; the sharp-eyed boy had noticed the hidden cameras in every instance.
As was often the case in Moore's films, and was one of the major attractions of their features—the viewer was treated to the latest fashions during the course of the film.
Hedda Hopper had a part in the film before they became a famous columnist. A 6-year-old Joe Yule Jr. had a part of a smooth-talking midget... Joe would become famous under the name Mickey Rooney. The film was well-reviewed.
Cast
References
Footnotes
Colleen Moore, Silent Star, Doubleday, 1968.
Jeff Codori (2012), Colleen Moore; A Biography of the Silent Film Star, McFarland Publishing,(Print , EBook ).
Daily Illini (University of Illinois), January 30, 1927, page 10.
External links
http://silent-volume.blogspot.com/2010/04/orchids-and-ermine-1927.html
http://www.mickeyrooneyfanclub.com/orchidsermine.htm
1927 films
American silent feature films
Silent American comedy films
1927 comedy films
Films directed by Alfred Santell
Films set in Manhattan
Films set in New York City
First National Pictures films
American black-and-white films
Flappers
1920s American films
Mary Evans was the first love of Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
Mary Evans may also refer to:
Mary Beth Evans (born 1961), American actor
Mary Ann Evans (1819–1880), better known as George Eliot, writer
Mary Anne Disraeli (born Mary Anne Evans; (1792–1872), wife of Disraeli
Mary Evans (artist) (born 1963), British-Nigerian artist
Mary Evans (sect leader) (1735–1789), leader of a short-lived religious cult in Wales
Mary Forbes Evans (1936–2010), British writer and collector
Mary G. Evans (1891–1966), American Christian minister
Mary Jane Evans (1888-1922), Welsh teacher, preacher and actor
See also
Evans (disambiguation)
Thung Khao Luang (, ) is a district (amphoe) of Roi Et province, Thailand.
Geography
The district is in central Roi Et Province. Neighboring districts are (from the south clockwise): At Samat, Thawat Buri, and Selaphum.
The important water resource is the Chi River.
History
The minor district was created on 1 July 1997, when the four tambons Thung Khao Luang, Thoet Thai, Bueng Ngam, and Maba were split off from Thawat Buri district.
The Thai government on 15 May 2007 upgraded all of 81 minor districts to full districts. With publication in the Royal Gazette on 24 August, the upgrade became official.
Administration
The district is divided into five sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 50 villages (mubans). There are no municipal (thesaban) areas. There are five tambon administrative organization (TAO).
Economy
The largely agricultural local economy is augmented by remittances from local women who married foreigners and live abroad. In Ban Jaan (บ้านจาร) village, a settlement of 540 households, at least 100 households have a Western son-in-law, mostly Swiss, leading the town to be known among Thais as the "Swiss village". Local officials claim the number of resident Swiss is overstated as most live with their wives in Switzerland.
References
External links
amphoe.com
Thung Khao Luang
Inversiones Aguas Metropolitanas (I A M) is the controlling holding of Aguas Andinas through a shareholding of 50.1% in this company. Aguas Andinas and its subsidiaries are the largest sanitation group in Chile and one of the largest in Latin America.
IAM's subsidiaries manage the integral water cycle which implies operating the abstraction processes of raw water, the production, transportation and distribution of water, and the collection, treatment and final disposal of sewage. It provides sanitation services to close to six million residents of the Metropolitan Region, covering an area of more than 70 thousand hectares corresponding to its concession zone.
Subsidiaries claim coverage levels which reach 100% in the supply of water and 98% in sewage. Also, they treat more than 72% of the sewage generated in its concession zone.
The Company's operations have the support of its controlling shareholder, Agbar, the principal Spanish private-sector company for supplying water to households.
The sanitation subsidiaries of IAM are Aguas Andinas, Aguas Cordillera, Aguas Los Dominicos and Aguas Manquehue. Its nonregulated subsidiaries are EcoRiles, Gestión y Servicios and Anam, companies related to the sanitation industry and which provide it with an integral service.
References
Companies based in Santiago
Water companies of Chile
Companies listed on the Santiago Stock Exchange
Kendall Basin () is an ice-free cirque at the northwest end of the Herbert Mountains, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy, 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71. In association with the names of glacial geologists grouped in this area, it was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 after Percy Fry Kendall, an English glacial geologist, Professor of Geology at Leeds University in the early 20th century.
References
Cirques of Coats Land
The 46th Regiment Indiana Infantry was a regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Formation
The 46th Indiana Infantry Regiment was organized at Logansport, Indiana and mustered in for a three-year enlistment on December 11, 1861 under the command of Colonel Graham N. Fitch.
The regiment was attached to 19th Brigade, Army of the Ohio, January 1862. 19th Brigade, 4th Division, Army of the Ohio, to February 1862. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, Army of the Mississippi, to April 1862. 2nd Brigade, 3rd Division, Army of the Mississippi, to July 1862. Helena, Arkansas, District of Eastern Arkansas, Department of the Missouri, to December 1862. 1st Brigade, 2nd Division, District of Eastern Arkansas, Department of the Tennessee, to January 1863. 1st Brigade, 12th Division, XIII Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to February 1863. 1st Brigade, 13th Division, XIII Corps, to March 1863. 1st Brigade, 12th Division, XIII Corps, to July 1863. 1st Brigade, 3rd Division, XIII Corps, Army of the Tennessee, to August 1863, and Department of the Gulf to July 1864. 4th Brigade, 1st Division, District of Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to December 1864. Garrison, Lexington, Kentucky, District of Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to February 1865, and Department of Kentucky to September 1865.
Battle actions
Ordered to Kentucky and duty at Camp Wickliffe until February 1862. Ordered to Commerce, Missouri, February 16, 1862. Siege of New Madrid, Missouri, March 5–14. Siege and capture of Island No. 10, Mississippi River, March 15-April 8. Expedition to Fort Pillow, Tennessee, April 13–17. Operations against Fort Pillow April 17-June 5. Capture of Fort Pillow June 5. Occupation of Memphis, Tennessee, June 6. Expedition up White River, Arkansas, June 10-July 14. St. Charles June 17. Grand Prairie July 6–7. Duvall's Bluff July 7. Duty at Helena, Arkansas, until April 1863. Expedition to Arkansas Post November 16–22, 1862. Expedition to Yazoo Pass by Moon Lake, Yazoo Pass, and Coldwater and Tallahatchie Rivers February 24-April 5. Operations against Fort Pemberton and Greenwood March 11-April 5. Fort Pemberton March 11. Moved to Milliken's Bend, Louisiana, April 12. Movement on Bruinsburg and turning Grand Gulf April 25–30. Battle of Port Gibson, Mississippi, May 1–14. Mile Creek April 12–13. Battle of Champion Hill May 16. Siege of Vicksburg May 18-July 4. Assaults on Vicksburg May 19 and 22. Advance on Jackson July 4–10. Near Jackson July 9. Siege of Jackson July 10–17. Ordered to New Orleans, Louisiana, August 10. Duty at Carrollton, Brashear City, and Berwick until October. Western Louisiana "Teche" Campaign October 3-November 30. Grand Coteau November 3. Moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, December 17. Regiment reenlisted January 2, 1864. Red River Campaign March 10-May 22. Advance from Franklin to Alexandria March 14–26. Battle of Sabine Cross Roads April 8. Monett's Ferry, Cane River Crossing. April 23. Alexandria April 30-May 10. Graham's Plantation May 6. Retreat to Morganza May 13–20. Mansura May 16. Expedition to the Atchafalaya May 30-June 5. Moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, then home on veteran furlough June 12. Expedition down the Ohio River toward Shawneetown, Illinois, to suppress insurrection, and from Mt. Vernon, Indiana, into Kentucky against Confederate recruiting parties August 16–22. White Oak Springs August 17. Gouger's Lake August 18. Smith's Mills August 19. Moved to Lexington, Kentucky, for provost duty. Burbridge's Expedition to Saltsville, Virginia, September 17-October 19. Garrison, Prestonburg, and Catlettsburg, Kentucky, during the expedition. Return to Lexington and garrison duty there until September 1865. Moved to Louisville, Kentucky.
The 46th Indiana Infantry mustered out of service September 4, 1865, at Louisville, Kentucky.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 264 men during service; 4 officers and 66 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 3 officers and 191 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Graham N. Fitch
Colonel Thomas H. Bringhurst
Lieutenant Colonel Newton G. Scott - commanded at the Battle of Island No. 10
See also
Indiana in the Civil War
List of Indiana Civil War regiments
Notes
Sources
Benefiel, John K. The Diary of John K. Benefiel for the Year 1864: A Civil War Soldier, 46th Reg. Indiana Vol., Reflecting the Experiences of a Pulaski County, Indiana Soldier (Troutdale, OR: s.n.), 1972.
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Prison Life in Texas: An Account of the Capture, and Imprisonment of a Portion of the 46th Regiment, Indiana Veteran Volunteers, in Texas (Logansport, IN: Journal Office), 1865.
Underhill, Joshua Whittington. Helena to Vicksburg: A Civil War Odyssey, the Personal Diary of Joshua Whittington Underhill, Surgeon, 46th Regiment, Indiana Volunteer Infantry, 23 October 1862-21 July 1863 (Lincoln Center, MA: Heritage House, Publishers), 2000.
Voorhis, Jerry. The Life and Times of Aurelius Lyman Voorhis (New York: Vantage Press), 1976.
External links
46th Indiana Infantry at Vicksburg National Military Park
1861 establishments in Indiana
1865 disestablishments in Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Indiana
The Greenville News is a daily morning newspaper published in Greenville, South Carolina. After The State in Columbia and Charleston's The Post and Courier, it is the third largest paper in South Carolina.
History
The Greenville News started off as a four-page publication in 1874 by A.M. Speights. For a one-year subscription, the cost was eight dollars. After five different owners and many editors, the Peace family under the leadership of Bony Hampton Peace bought the paper in 1919 from Ellison Adger Smyth, around the same time that Greenville was becoming known as "The Textile Center of the South." The Peace family acquired the evening paper The Piedmont in 1927. In 1965 both papers helped to form Multimedia Inc. Then in 1995, the smaller afternoon paper and the larger morning paper merged to become The News-Piedmont. In December 1985 Gannett purchased Multimedia, changing the newspaper name back to The Greenville News. Today The newsprints over 50,000 newspapers a day.
Publications
In addition to The Greenville News, the company publishes eGreenville, which features local entertainment, news, photos, and reviews. A free publication, it is available at more than 1,100 locations in Anderson, Greenville, Pickens and Spartanburg counties.
Awards
1977 Penney-Missouri Award for General Excellence (The Piedmont)
Notable staff
Daisy Hendley Gold, author and journalist
Paul K. Martin, NASA Inspector General
Bill Workman, former Mayor of Greenville
References
External links
Official website
Newspapers published in South Carolina
Greenville, South Carolina
Gannett publications
1874 establishments in South Carolina
Religion in Great Britain may refer to:
Religion in the United Kingdom
Religion in England
Religion in Scotland
Religion in Wales
Sweezy is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carl Sweezy (1881–1953), American painter
J. R. Sweezy (born 1989), American football player
Nancy Sweezy (1921–2010), American artist, author, folklorist, advocate, scholar, and preservationist
Paul Sweezy (1910–2004), Marxist economist, political activist, publisher, and editor
Keoikantse Motsepe (born 24 November 1989) is a South African dancer. Their dancing styles are Latin and Ballroom.  They are known for being the first black professional dancer on the ABC show Dancing with the Stars.
Life and career
Motsepe started their career at 11 years of age by entering into in a competitive dance scene representing their country. In 2012 Motsepe joined the cast of Burn the Floor. In 2014 it was announced that Motsepe would join the cast of pro dancers on Dancing with the Stars.
Dancing with the Stars
In season 19, Motsepe was paired up with Olympic athlete Lolo Jones. They were eliminated during the first week of competition, finishing in 13th place.
In season 20, Motsepe was paired up with model Charlotte McKinney. They were eliminated in the third week of competition, finishing in 11th place.
For season 21, they paired with Grammy Award-winning singer Chaka Khan. They were the first couple eliminated on the second week of competition, finishing in 13th place.
For season 22, they were partnered with Full House and Fuller House actor Jodie Sweetin. The couple was eliminated in the eighth week of competition, despite being at the top of the leader board that week. They placed 6th overall. In a surprise challenge, judge Bruno Tonioli worked with Sweetin and eventual-winner Nyle DiMarco and their professional partners. During the sequence, the two celebrities swapped partners, seeing DiMarco and Motsepe dance the tango in ballroom hold, with both men shirtless, and Motsepe lift and twirl DiMarco. This was the first same-sex dancing included in the show's franchise world-wide.
They returned to season 23 but as a troupe member.
For season 24, they returned as a pro dancer and was partnered with actor & comedian Charo. They were eliminated in the third week of competition, finishing in 11th place.
Motsepe returned for season 25 and is paired with Shark Tank panelist, Barbara Corcoran. They were the first couple eliminated on the second week of competition, finishing in 13th place.
For season 26, they were partnered with former Olympic softball pitcher Jennie Finch Daigle. They were eliminated on the third week of competition and finished in 4th place, tying with Chris Mazdzer and Mirai Nagasu and partners Witney Carson and Alan Bersten.
For season 27, they were paired with Harry Potter actor Evanna Lynch. The couple made it to the finals where they finished in 3rd place, marking Motsepe's best so far and also their first time in the finale.
Motsepe appeared in season 28 as a pro dancer, but was not paired with a celebrity. They returned to compete again on season 29 where they are partnered with actor Anne Heche. They were eliminated in the fourth week of competition and finished in 13th place.
Dancing with the Stars performances
With Lolo Jones
Average: 22.0; placed 13th
With Charlotte McKinney
Average: 23.3; placed 11th
With Chaka Khan
Average: 14.0; placed 13th
With Jodie Sweetin
Average: 24.5; placed 6th
1 Score given by guest judge Zendaya.2 For this week only, as part of "America's Switch Up", Sweetin performed with Valentin Chmerkovskiy instead of Motsepe. Motsepe performed with Kim Fields.3 Score given by guest judge Maksim Chmerkovskiy.4 Due to Tonioli being the judge coaching Sweetin's team during the team-up dance, the viewers scored the dance in their place with the averaged score being counted alongside the remaining judges.
With Charo
Average: 23.3; placed 11th
With Barbara Corcoran
Average: 15.5; placed 13th
With Jennie Finch Daigle
Average: 22.0; placed 4th
1 Score given by guest judge Rashad Jennings. 2 Score given by guest judge David Ross.
With Evanna Lynch
Average: 26.7; placed 3rd
With Anne Heche
Average: 18 ; placed 13th
References
South African ballroom dancers
South African male dancers
Living people
1989 births
South African expatriates in the United States
People from Pretoria
The 2017 MTV EMAs (also known as the MTV Europe Music Awards) were held at The SSE Arena in Wembley, London, United Kingdom, on 12 November 2017. The host of the ceremony was Rita Ora, with voiceovers provided by Capital FM DJ Roman Kemp. This was the sixth time that the UK has hosted the awards show, and the second time London has been the host city. London first hosted the awards ceremony in 1996 at Alexandra Palace. The ceremony was directed for television by British award-winning multi camera director Hamish Hamilton.
Taylor Swift was nominated for six awards followed by Shawn Mendes who was nominated for five. Mendes won four awards becoming the most awarded artist of the night.
Nominations
Winners are in bold text.
Regional nominations
Winners are in bold text.
Performances
Pre show
Main Show
Appearances
Natalie Dormer and Paul Pogba — presented Best Song
Prophets of Rage — presented Best Hip-Hop
Skylar Grey and Hailey Baldwin — presented Best Video
James Bay and Nathalie Emmanuel — presented Best Alternative
Sabrina Carpenter and Daya — presented Best Pop
Madison Beer and Dele Alli — presented Best Artist
Jared Leto — presented Global Icon
Rita Ora - presented a clip of George Michael's performance at the 1994 EMAs as an in memoriam segment, featuring Michael, Chris Cornell, Chester Bennington and Tom Petty
See also
2017 MTV Video Music Awards
References
External links
Official website
mtv
Music in London
2017
Wembley Stadium and Wembley Arena
2017 in London
Soosi is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Kunchacko. The film stars Prem Nazir, Sharada, Adoor Bhasi and Hari in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Rajan
Sharada as Susie
Adoor Bhasi as Dallal Lazar
Hari as George
Manavalan Joseph as Supervisor
P. J. Antony as Ouseppachan
Sreelatha Namboothiri as Jolly
Alummoodan as Thaaraavukaaran
G. Gopinath as Income Tax Officer
Kaduvakulam Antony as Clerk
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Chacko Sir
N. Govindankutty as Driver Kutty
Raghavan Nair as Joy
S. P. Pillai as Thomachan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1969 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
John Damiano Komba (18 March 1954 – 28 February 2015) was a Tanzanian CCM politician and a retired officer of the Tanzanian army. They served as the Member of Parliament for Mbinga West constituency from 2005 until their death.
References
External links
Mbinga West MP Komba is no more, Daily News
1954 births
2015 deaths
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Songea Boys Secondary School alumni
Tanzania Military Academy alumni
Tanzanian schoolteachers
Feteh Saad Mgeni is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Bumbwini constituency in the National Assembly of Tanzania since 2005.
References
Living people
Chama Cha Mapinduzi MPs
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Year of birth missing (living people)
Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories (published in the United Kingdom & Australia as Nonfiction) is a non-fiction book by Chuck Palahniuk, published in 2004. It is a collection of essays, stories, and interviews written for various magazines and newspapers. Some of the pieces had also been previously published on the internet. The book is divided into three sections: "People Together", articles about people who find unique ways of achieving togetherness; "Portraits", interviews and short essays mostly about famous people; and "Personal", autobiographical pieces.
An abridged audiobook version read by the author was released at the same time as the print edition. An unabridged version co-read by Dennis Boutsikaris was released later.
Editions
(hardcover, 2004)
(audiobook CD, 2004)
(audiobook cassette, 2004)
(paperback, 2005)
See also
Fugitives and Refugees: A Walk in Portland, Oregon, Palahniuk's other non-fiction work.
External links
Stranger Than Fiction: True Stories official web site
An audio sample of the book read by the author from Random House
2004 non-fiction books
American anthologies
Books by Chuck Palahniuk
Doubleday (publisher) books
Books with cover art by Rodrigo Corral
The 2009 South American Ski Mountaineering Championship () was the third edition of a South American continental championship of competition ski mountaineering, and the first that was sanctioned by the International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF), which emerged from the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC) in 2008. Furthermore, the competition was sanctioned by the Unión Panamericana de Montaña y Escalada (UPAME).
The event, carried out at Villa La Angostura from 22 to 23 August 2009, was organized by the Federación Argentina de Ski y Andinismo (FASA), the Club Andino Bariloche (CAB) and the local Club Andino Villa La Angostura (CAVLA). Participating were racers from Argentina and Chile as well as two French competitors, that did not appear in the continental ranking.
Results
Event was held on the Cerro Bayo on August 23, 2009.
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
*) The French racers Jérôme Pezet (01h 03' 44") and Olivier Levasseur (01h 03' 45") finished first and second, but were no South American nationals.
External links
III Campeonato Sudamericano de Esquí de Montaña , Club Andino Villa La Angostura
References
2009
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
Sport in Neuquén Province
S
Skiing in Argentina
Yehe may refer to:
Yehe (葉赫), one of the 16th-century Jurchen/proto-Manchu tribal federations of Hulun (alliance)
Yehe, Hebei, a town in Luancheng County, Hebei, China
Yehe, Chongqing (野鹤), a town in Zhong County, Chongqing, China
Yehe Manchu Ethnic Town (叶赫满族镇), a town in Siping, Jilin, China
The Former Residence of Ding Richang () was built in 1878, during the late Qing dynasty (1644–1911). It was the mansion of Ding Richang, a senior official in the Qing court.
History
The former residence was built in memory of Ding Xianba (), the father of Ding Richang, in 1878 after their retirement. Ding died there on 27 February 1882.
It was designated as a municipal level cultural heritage in 1993 and then a provincial level cultural preservation unit in 2008.
In March 2013, it was listed among the seventh group of "Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Guangdong" by the State Council of China.
Architecture
It has an area of about , consists of 99 rooms and halls.
Gallery
References
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Guangdong
Traditional folk houses in Guangdong
Buildings and structures in Jieyang
Tourist attractions in Jieyang
Qing dynasty architecture
1878 establishments in China
Virginia Rodrigues (born Salvador, Bahia, March 31, 1964) is a Brazilian singer.
Biography
Virginia Rodrigues was born on March 31, 1964. They had started their career by singing in both Catholic and Protestant church choirs. In 1997, they were invited by the director Márcio Meirelles to attend Pelô Bye Bye. There they were discovered by Caetano Veloso.
The first album Sol Negro (1997) was produced by Celso Fonseca and had arrangements by Eduardo Souto Neto. It was released on the Rykodisc label and was well received in the United States and Europe. The Times of London described Rodrigues as "... The new diva of Brazilian music". The album also received good reviews in Le Monde and the magazine Rolling Stone.
Rodrigues second album, Nós, features songs of Ile Aiye, Olodum, Timbalada, Ara Ketu and Afreketê and was also well received, with reviews in The New York Times and All Music Guide.
Them third album, Mares Profundos, was released in January 2004 on the German label Deutsche Grammophon and features 11 African-sambas composed between 1962 and 1966 by guitarist Baden Powell (1937–2000) and the poet Vinicius de Moraes (1913–1980). The program closes with samba "Lapinha" (Baden-Paulo Cesar Pinheiro).
Them fourth album, Recomeço, was released in 2008 and features poetry by Chico Buarque.
Rodrigues regularly appears at festivals of jazz and world music throughout the world, participating in several world tours. Former U.S. president Bill Clinton once said that they were the singer who they liked best in the world and mentioned them in their memoir My Life.
Discography
Albums
Sol Negro (1997)
Nós (2000)
Mares Profundos (2004)
Recomeço (2008)
Mama Kalunga (2015)
Cada Voz E Uma Mulher (2019)
Contributing artist
Unwired: Latin America (2001, World Music Network)
Filmography
References
External links
Listen
Virginia Rodrigues Matrix Page
Michael Church, "Virginia Rodrigues: The diva of the favelas", The Independent, 12 March 2004.
Living people
21st-century Brazilian women singers
21st-century Brazilian singers
1964 births
20th-century Brazilian women singers
1965–66 Kuwaiti Premier League was the 5th season of the First League Division.
Overview
This season was played similar to the previous season, where the same clubs participated in the league table. Al Arabi managed to win its fifth title, and its second title without any defeat.
League table
References
RSSSF
Kuwait Premier League seasons
Kuwait
football
is a private university with campuses in the cities of Ōsakasayama and Sakai in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. The predecessor of the school was founded in 1916, and it was chartered as a junior women's college in 1950. In 2007 the school became coeducational.
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1916
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Osaka Prefecture
1916 establishments in Japan
Sakai, Osaka
Tony Currenti (born ) is an Australian drummer of Italian descent, best known as a session drummer for Australian hard rock band AC/DC (1975 debut album High Voltage, the "High Voltage" single, and 1984 album '74 Jailbreak) and various Vanda & Young projects – including Stevie Wright (international hit "Evie") and John Paul Young (hit singles "Yesterday's Hero" and "I Hate the Music").
Biography
Currenti originally comes from the Italian island of Sicily, where they were born on 26 June 1951. They migrated to Australia with their parents, brother and sister in 1967 at the age of 16 with no knowledge of English. After two years, their parents got homesick and went back to Italy. Currenti, at that time 18 years old, played in a band around Sydney and thought they had a future in music, so they decided to stay.
When Currenti was five years old, their dad bought them a piano accordion. They learnt to play drums by bashing their accordion and whatever chairs they could find with spoons. Currenti bought their first set of drums after they got their first pay packet in Australia. It was a second-hand Premier drum kit. Currenti later purchased a white Ludwig drum kit with which they did all the session work in the 70s.
First bands
In 1968, while walking down King St. in Newtown, Currenti noticed a band rehearsing in a hall near a church. They had no drummer, so they "played drums" on the chairs and thereafter was asked to join the band. After a few weeks of playing in the church band, Currenti joined another band, Tin Soldiers, which performed on the TV program New Faces. After the performance on New Faces, guitarist Norm Group and Currenti formed a new band called Inheritance.
Inheritance and the first recording contract
After working in and around Sydney (they scored a residence at The Groove Room, which lasted for circa 12 months), record label EMI signed Inheritance to a recording contract. In 1969, Inheritance recorded their first single called "Kookie".
The band was later joined by two female musicians and changed their name to Grapevine, which had a six-month residence at Jonathan's nightclub in Sydney. After that residency ended, the two female members parted ways with the band and a name change was forced on them after they found out another group had it registered. Around 1971, the band met with Harry Vanda and George Young who suggested the band's handsome Greek-born singer assume the name "Jackie Christian".
In 1972, they recorded a cover version of The Who's "Join Together", which was released as Grapevine featuring Jackie Christian with B-side called "That's Life".
Jackie Christian & Flight
The band adopted the new name Jackie Christian & Flight. The first single, recorded under the Jackie Christian handle, was "Rosy" (with "You Chose a Fine Time" as a B-side) and released in 1972. In 1974, the band released two songs penned and produced by Vanda & Young, namely "Love" and "The Last Time I Go to Baltimore". "Love" was chosen as an A-side and a single was released on the Alberts label. Polydor released it under the name Jackie Christian & Target in Canada.
Flight also recorded another Vanda & Young song called "Love Fever", but the producers did not like Jackie Christian's vocals and eventually gave the song to Ray Burgess, who recorded verses over Jackie Christian & Flight's track (which included backing vocals). The single was released by Burgess in July 1975 and reached the Australian Kent Music Report top 30.
Session work for Vanda & Young
AC/DC
It was during this time in early 1974 that George Young approached Currenti and asked if they would record with their two younger brothers in a band called AC/DC. The album was called High Voltage and Tony played drums on all tracks but one ("Baby, Please Don't Go" was recorded by Peter Clack), including the later single "High Voltage" (which appeared on the T.N.T. album and the international release of High Voltage). After recording the album, Currenti was asked to join the group but declined for two reasons; one, Currenti was loyal to their current band Jackie Christian & Flight, and two, they were an Italian citizen with an Italian passport which did not allow them to tour freely in England or Europe with the band without being called up for military service.
Stevie Wright
Several months later, Jackie Christian & Flight split up and Currenti stayed on with Vanda & Young as a session musician, which included working with Stevie Wright on an album called Black Eyed Bruiser in 1975 (Tony was drummer on all but two tracks) and even their international number one hit "Evie" (specifically Part Three "I'm Losing You") released the previous year.
John Paul Young
For the following 12 to 18 months, Currenti worked for bands such as The 69ers and a little known band called Winter. They recorded tracks for John Paul Young including hit singles "Yesterday's Hero" (1975) and "I Hate the Music" (1976). It has been rumoured they played on Young's biggest hit, "Love Is In The Air", though this has not been confirmed or denied by Currenti.
Compilations
"Love" by Jackie Christian & Flight features on two compilations: The Vanda & Young Story Volume 1 (Albert Productions/Drum, 1976) and Their Music Goes 'Round Our Heads (Columbia, 1992). Currenti's drumming on Ray Burgess's "Love Fever" also appears on the latter album as well as "Whopper" (Polydor, 1976). Currenti's drumming on John Paul Young's "Yesterday's Hero" appears on the compilation Sharpies: 14 Aggro Aussie Anthems From 1972 To 1979 (Sharps Rock Records, 2013).
Other Recordings
Currenti has made guest appearances on albums by Stinger (Germany) and Simon Chainsaw (Australia).
Life outside the music business
In early 1979, after getting married, Currenti decided to leave the music industry and open their own pizzeria in Hurlstone Park, Sydney. They now run Tonino's Penshurst Pizzeria in Penshurst, Sydney.
Currenti was rediscovered by Australian writer Jesse Fink who interviewed them for their book The Youngs: The Brothers Who Built AC/DC. Since the release of the book, Currenti has started playing the drums again and enjoys an increasing popularity among AC/DC fans. Since 2014, Currenti has completed two tours of the UK and Europe with various AC/DC tribute bands and received civic honours in their hometown of Fiumefreddo di Sicilia in Sicily. Currenti typically plays all the songs they recorded with AC/DC but has recently added Bon Scott-era songs "Gimme a Bullet", "Highway to Hell" and "It's a Long Way to the Top" to sets.
In May 2016, Currenti was a special guest for the unveiling of a fan-funded statue of Bon Scott at the 10th Annual Bonfest in Kirriemuir, Scotland, alongside former AC/DC bassist Mark Evans and Bon Scott friend and author Mary Renshaw.
Currenti had known Scott before they joined AC/DC.
In July 2015, they announced on their Facebook page an tour of Italy with tribute band Overdose74 for the first time in their country. In Italy they also performed with Bon Scott experience, Black Ice and Back In Hell. While in Europe, Currenti visited Germany and made a guest appearance on the album Disadvantaged by Stinger. Currenti was a special guest performer in the Bon But Not Forgotten series of concerts in Sydney and Melbourne in July 2017 to celebrate the 71st birthday of Bon Scott. The 2017 touring show, a tribute to Bon Scott, featured Currenti, James Morley, Mark Evans, Filippo Olivieri, Skenie and Simon Wright. Currenti, Morley and Wright backed up for the 2018 reprise but Evans, Olivieri and Skenie did not. Their places were taken by other musicians.
In 2021 Currenti stepped back from touring commitments due to pandemic travel restrictions but continues to play concerts in Sydney, Australia.
References
External links
Tony Currenti's community FB page
AC/DC members
Living people
Australian rock drummers
Male drummers
People of Sicilian descent
1951 births
Australian heavy metal drummers
Australian session musicians
Italian emigrants to Australia
Twin Lakes is an unincorporated community in West Township, Marshall County, Indiana.
History
Twin Lakes contained a post office from 1887 until 1907. The community's proximity to two lakes caused its name to be selected.
Geography
Twin Lakes is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
The Freight and Salvage (known as "The Freight") is a nonprofit musical performance venue in Berkeley, California that primarily hosts Americana music and world music acts.
History
The Freight was founded in 1968 and derived its name from the used furniture store that previously occupied the same space on San Pablo Avenue. In its early years, the Freight was a magnet for bluegrass fans and musicians but also presented an eclectic mix of folk, acoustic, Scottish and Irish, jugbands, mimes, spoken word and open mics.
In 1983, it formally incorporated as the Berkeley Society for the Preservation of Traditional Music. The club moved to a 220-seat space on Addison Street in 1988. On August 27, 2009, The Freight opened a 490-seat venue in Berkeley's Downtown Arts District. The $12 million project, built to LEED standards, has a green roof and features reclaimed wood from the original building on the site throughout, as well as classrooms to fulfill the organization's educational mission. The building was designed by Berkeley-based architects Marcy Wong and Donn Logan and the sound system was provided by Meyer Sound Laboratories.
Musicians
Regular performers in its earlier years, such as Eric Thompson, Suzy Thompson, Laurie Lewis, Peter Rowan, [[Jody Stecher],and Linda Tillery continue to perform there. Other notable performers from its first decade include Elizabeth Cotten, Lightnin' Hopkins, Malvina Reynolds, Alice Stuart, Hazel and Alice, Kate Wolf, and frequent shows by Vern and Ray.
Notable musicians who have performed at the Freight in more recent years include Dave Alvin, Greg Brown, Dan Bern, Theodore Bikel, David Bromberg, Johnny Clegg, Judy Collins, Ry Cooder, Sue Draheim, Tommy Emmanuel, David Grisman, Dan Hicks, Tom Paxton, Utah Phillips, Ricky Skaggs, Rosalie Sorrels, Marty Stuart, Richard Thompson, Cheryl Wheeler, Dar Williams, Cris Williamson and Odetta, among many others. Several artists have released live recordings of Freight performances, including Nickel Creek, Hot Buttered Rum, Graham Parker, John Wesley Harding, Suzy Thompson, Kelly Joe Phelps,Fishtank Ensemble, Marley's Ghost, and the Berkeley-based band Rebecca Riots.
Its open mic is the longest-running open stage in the San Francisco Bay Area and has featured Shawn Colvin, Dana Carvey, and Alvin Youngblood Hart.
References
External links
Freight and Salvage web site
Photos: Freight & Salvage Grand Opening, Berkeley, CA - Aug. 27-30, 2009
Freight and Salvage - A 1960s History
Culture of Berkeley, California
Music venues in the San Francisco Bay Area
Buildings and structures in Berkeley, California
Music organizations based in the United States
Tourist attractions in Berkeley, California
New Juaben South Municipal District is one of the thirty-three districts in Eastern Region, Ghana. Originally it was formerly part of the then-larger New Juaben Municipal District in 1988, until the northern part of the district was split off to create New Juaben North Municipal District on 15 March 2018; thus the remaining part has been renamed as New Juaben South Municipal District. The municipality is located in the central part of Eastern Region and has Koforidua as its capital town.
References
Districts of the Eastern Region (Ghana)
Politics of Ghana
Mugalzhar (, ) is a district of Aktobe Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Kandyagash. Two more towns, Embi and Zhem, belong to the district. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Aktobe Region
Slovenia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. Sports they qualified athletes to compete at included shooting.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating at the Games:
Athletics
Men's Road Events
Cycling
Road
Paracanoeing
Shooting
The first opportunity to qualify for shooting at the Rio Games took place at the 2014 IPC Shooting World Championships in Suhl. Shooters earned spots for their NPC. Slovenia earned a pair of qualifying spots at this event in the R4 – 10m Air Rifle Standing Mixed SH2 event as a result of the performances of Franček Gorazd Tiršek and Veselka Pevec.
The country sent shooters to 2015 IPC IPC Shooting World Cup in Osijek, Croatia, where Rio direct qualification was also available. They earned a qualifying spot at this event based on the performance of Damjan Pavlin in the R5 – 10m Air Rifle Prone Mixed SH2 event. Franc Pinter earned a second spot for Slovenia at this competition in the R7 – 50m Rifle 3 Positions SH1 Men.
Swimming
Men
See also
Slovenia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Slovenian sport
Port Isabel High School (PIHS) is a 4A public high school located in Port Isabel, Texas (USA). It is the sole high school in the Point Isabel Independent School District. In 2015, the school was rated "met standard" by the Texas Education Agency. As of 2019, the school is no longer a part of the Blended Learning system following the arrival of new superintendent Theresa Alarcon and principal Imelda Munivez.
Athletics
The Port Isabel Tarpons compete in:
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-country running
Football
Golf
Powerlifting
Soccer
Softball
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
References
External links
Official Website
High schools in Cameron County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Fagani is a small village located 2 km near Petlad in Gujarat, India. The town is near Anand, one of the biggest cities of Gujarat. Fagani has a population of around 5000.
Villages in Anand district
The 2005 South American Ski Mountaineering Championship () was the first edition of a South American continental championship of competition ski mountaineering,
The event, which was carried out in combination with the last race of the South American Ski Mountaineering Cup race and the "2nd International Open" event at San Carlos de Bariloche from 26 to 27 August 2009, was organized by the Federación Argentina de Ski y Andinismo (FASA) and the Club Andino Bariloche (CAB). It was officially sanctioned by the International Council for Ski Mountaineering Competitions (ISMC), by the Unión Panamericana de Montaña y Escalada (UPAME), by the Federación Española de Deportes de Montaña y Escalada (FEDME) and by the Escuela Militar de Montaña, the mountain warfare school of the Argentine Army.
The competitors came from Argentina and Chile, and also two male racers from Spain, one from Italy and one from Switzerland in the framework of the "International Open of Ski Mountaineering".
Results
Event was held on the Cerro Catedral on August 27, 2005. The European participants (italic in the men's ranking list below) did not count in the continental championship ranking, but appeared in the "International Open" ranking.
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
References
2005
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
S
South American Ski Mountaineering Championship
Sport in Río Negro Province
Skiing in Argentina
USS Cusk (SS/SSG/AGSS-348), a Balao-class submarine of the United States Navy named for the cusk, a large food fish related to the cod.
History
Cusk was launched 28 July 1945 by Electric Boat, Groton, Conn.; cosponsored by Mrs. C. S. Gillette, and Mrs. W. G. Reed; and commissioned 5 February 1946.
Departing New London 24 April 1946, Cusk made an extended cruise through the Caribbean Sea, and arrived at San Diego 6 June 1946. They sailed to Alaska and northern waters between 16 July and 20 August, then carried out local operations out of San Diego. A pioneer in the missile field, Cusk was fitted with a missile hangar and launching ramp just aft of their sail in 1947.
They were designated SSG-348, 20 January 1948 and was the first submarine to launch a guided missile (a Republic-Ford JB-2 Loon, derived from the German V-1 flying bomb) from their own deck, a forerunner of the cruise missile and ballistic missile submarines of the future.
They entered Mare Island Naval Shipyard for a "Fleet Snorkel" conversion and modernization in 1954, but remained in the Regulus missile program because of their special guidance equipment, although redesignated SS-348 on 1 July 1954.
Cusk arrived at Pearl Harbor, their new home port, 13 May 1957. Continuing their missile guidance duties with consorts , and they operated in Hawaiian waters with a cruise to San Diego in 1957 and duty in the Far East in 1958 and 1960.
In the fall of 1961 Cusk had their Regulus missile guidance equipment removed and reverted to attack submarine profile. After successfully shooting a MK 14 Mod 3 warshot torpedo at the target cliffs on Kahoolawe Island they departed for WesPac in January 1962. Designated as the SubFlot 7 Mining platform during the deployment, Cusk offloaded all steam torpedoes at Cubi Point NAS that spring and reloaded 4 MK 27 Mobile drill mines and 18 MK 10 moored drill mines. 12 days after departure from Subic Bay, Cusk entered the shallow waters of Buckner Bay Okinawa submerged, launched the 4 MK 27 mobile mines and then planted a field of 18 MK 10 moored mines. following the successful mine plant Cusk returned to Subic Bay RP, and retrieved their MK 14 Mod 3 warshot torpedoes.
In June 1969, the Secretary of Defense ordered that 100 of the Navy's oldest ships be decommissioned; the Cusk was on that list. Subsequently, the Cusk was redesignated AGSS-348 and they set sail for the last time in September 1969 for Hunter's Point Naval Shipyard in San Francisco.
Cusk was decommissioned and simultaneously struck from the Naval Register, 24 September 1969; they were sold for scrap, 26 June 1972.
Awards
World War II Victory Medal
National Defense Service Medal with star
References
Further reading
External links
USS Cusk website
Balao-class submarines
Cold War submarines of the United States
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
1945 ships
Peter Joachim Gay (né Fröhlich; June 20, 1923 – May 12, 2015) was a German-American historian, educator, and author. They were a Sterling Professor of History at Yale University and former director of the New York Public Library's Center for Scholars and Writers (1997–2003). They received the American Historical Association's (AHA) Award for Scholarly Distinction in 2004. They authored over 25 books, including The Enlightenment: An Interpretation, a two-volume award winner; Weimar Culture: The Outsider as Insider (1968), a bestseller; and the widely translated Freud: A Life for Our Time (1988).
Gay was born in Berlin in 1923 and emigrated, via Cuba, to the United States in 1941. From 1948 to 1955 they were a political science professor at Columbia University, and then a history professor from 1955 to 1969. They left Columbia in 1969 to join Yale University's History Department as Professor of Comparative and Intellectual European History and was named Sterling Professor of History in 1984.
Gay was the interim editor of The American Scholar after the death of Hiram Haydn in 1973 and served on that magazine's editorial board for many years. Sander L. Gilman, a literary historian at Emory University, called Gay "one of the major American historians of European thought, period".
Early life and education
Born Peter Joachim Fröhlich to a Jewish family in Berlin, they were educated as a child at Berlin's Goethe-Gymnasium. They and their family fled Nazi Germany in 1939, when they were 15 years old. Their original ticket was on the MS St. Louis, whose passengers were eventually turned away and forced to return to Europe, but they fortuitously changed their booking to the SS Iberia, which left two weeks earlier. Gay arrived in the United States in 1941, took American citizenship in 1946, and changed their name from Fröhlich (German for "happy") to Gay (an English calque).
Gay was educated at the University of Denver, where they received their B.A. in 1946, and at Columbia University, where they received their M.A. in 1947 and their Ph.D. in 1951. Gay taught political science at Columbia between 1948–1955 and history from 1955 to 1969. They taught at Yale University from 1969 until their retirement in 1993.
Career
Scholarship
According to the American Historical Association's Award Citation, Gay's range of "scholarly achievements is truly remarkable". The New York Times described them in 2007 as "the country's pre-eminent cultural historian".
Gay's 1959 book, Voltaire's Politics: The Poet as Realist, examined Voltaire as a politician and how their politics influenced the ideas that Voltaire championed in their writings. Accompanying Voltaire's Politics was Gay's collection of essays, The Party of Humanity: Essays in the French Enlightenment (1964). Gay followed the success of Voltaire's Politics with a wider history of the Enlightenment, The Enlightenment: An Interpretation (1966, 1969, 1973), whose first volume won the 1967 U.S. National Book Award in History and Biography. Annelien de Dijn argues that Gay, in The Enlightenment, first formulated the interpretation that the Enlightenment brought political modernization to the West, in terms of introducing democratic values and institutions and the creation of modern, liberal democracies. While the thesis has many critics, it has been widely accepted by Anglophone scholars and has been reinforced by the large-scale studies by Robert Darnton, Roy Porter, and most recently by Jonathan Israel. Their 1968 book, Weimar Culture, was a study on the cultural history of the Weimar Republic.
Gay was also a champion of psychohistory and an admirer of Sigmund Freud. Starting in 1978 with Freud, Jews and Other Germans, an examination of the impact of Freudian ideas on German culture, their writing demonstrated an increasing interest in psychology. Many of their works focused on the social impact of psychoanalysis. For example, in A Godless Jew: Freud, Atheism, and the Making of Psychoanalysis, they linked Freud's atheism to their development of psychoanalysis as a field. They wrote history books applying Freud's theories to history, such as The Bourgeois Experience: From Victoria to Freud. They also edited a collection of Freud's writings called The Freud Reader. Their writing was generally favorable, though occasionally critical, toward Freud's school of thought.
Gay's 2007 book Modernism: The Lure of Heresy explores the modernist movement in the arts from the 1840s to the 1960s, from its beginnings in Paris to its spread to Berlin and New York City, ending with its death in the pop art of the 1960s.
Personal life
Gay married Ruth Slotkin (1922-2006) in 1959 and had three stepdaughters.
Death
Gay died at their home in Manhattan on May 12, 2015, at the age of 91.
Awards and recognition
Gay received numerous awards for their scholarship, including the National Book Award in History and Biography for The Rise of Modern Paganism (1967), the first volume of The Enlightenment; the first Amsterdam Prize for Historical Science from The Hague, 1990; and the Gold Medal of the American Academy of Arts and Letters, 1992. They were a Guggenheim Fellow in 1967–68 and 1978–79; a visiting fellow at the Institute for Advanced Study in Berlin, Germany; and an Overseas Fellow of Churchill College University from 1970 to 1971. They were elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1987.
In 1988, they were honored by The New York Public Library as a Library Lion. The following year, they were elected to the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters. Professor Gay held an ACLS Fellowship in 1959–60. They have also been recognized with several honorary doctorates.
American Historical Association Award for Scholarly Distinction, 2004
Geschwister-Scholl-Preis (Munich, 1999)
American Academy of Arts and Letters Gold Medal in History, 1992
Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences Award for Historical Science, The A.H. Heineken Prize, 1990
American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters, 1989
New York Public Library, Library Lion, 1988
National Book Award, 1967
Guggenheim Fellowship 1966
Bibliography
Author
The Dilemma of Democratic Socialism: Eduard Bernstein's Challenge to Marx, 1952.
Voltaire's Politics: The Poet as Realist, 1959.
The Party of Humanity: Essays in the French Enlightenment, 1964.
The Enlightenment: An Interpretation: The Rise of Modern Paganism, 1966 — winner of the National Book Award. Reissued 1995.
The Loss of Mastery: Puritan Historians in Colonial America, 1966.
Weimar Culture: The Outsider as Insider, 1968.
The Enlightenment: An Interpretation: The Science of Freedom, 1969. Reissued 1995.
The Bridge of Criticism: Dialogues on the Enlightenment, 1970.
Modern Europe to 1815, co-written with Robert Kiefer Webb, 1973.
Style in History, 1974.
Art and Act: On Causes in History: Manet, Gropius, Mondrian, 1976.
Freud, Jews and Other Germans: Masters and Victims in Modernist Culture, 1978.
The Bourgeois Experience: Victoria to Freud, 5 vols., 1984–1998:
The Education of the Senses (1984)
The Tender Passion (1986)
The Cultivation of Hatred (1993)
The Naked Heart (1995)
Pleasure Wars (1998)
Freud for Historians, 1985.
A Godless Jew: Freud, Atheism, and the Making of Psychoanalysis, 1987.
Freud: A Life for Our Time, 1988 — finalist for the National Book Award for Nonfiction.
Reading Freud: Explorations & Entertainments, 1990.
Sigmund Freud and Art: Their Personal Collection of Antiquities, 1993.
My German Question: Growing Up in Nazi Berlin, 1998 (autobiography).
Mozart, 1999.
Schnitzler's Century: The Making of Middle-Class Culture 1815–1914, 2002.
Modernism: The Lure of Heresy: from Baudelaire to Beckett and Beyond, 2007.
Why the Romantics Matter, 2015.
Editor
Deism: An Anthology, 1968.
The Enlightenment; A Comprehensive Anthology, 1973.
Historians at Work – 4 vols., 1972–1975.
The Freud Reader, 1989.
Essays
"Rhetoric and Politics in the French Revolution," The American Historical Review Vol. 66, No. 3, April 1961
"An Age of Crisis: A Critical View," The Journal of Modern History Vol. 33, No. 2, June 1961
References
Further reading
Becker, Carl L. (1932), The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth-Century Philosophers, 1991 reprint, New Haven: Yale.
Daum, Andreas W., Hartmut Lehmann, James J. Sheehan (eds.), The Second Generation: Émigrés from Nazi Germany as Historians. With a Biobibliographic Guide. New York: Berghahn Books, 2016, .
External links
Peter J. Gay Papers (MS 2034). Manuscripts and Archives, Yale University Library.
Finding aid to the Peter Gay papers at Columbia University Rare Book & Manuscript Library
1923 births
2015 deaths
American historians
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Jewish American historians
American male non-fiction writers
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
National Book Award winners
Columbia University alumni
Alumni of University College London
Yale University faculty
Columbia University faculty
Winners of the Heineken Prize
Yale Sterling Professors
Writers from Berlin
Social Science Research Council
21st-century American Jews
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Phaecasiophora attica is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in India (Assam), China, Burma, Thailand, Taiwan, Vietnam and Japan.
The forewings are deep blackish fuscous, slightly mottled with greyish. The posterior half of the wing has an orange-tawny area. The hindwings are dark fuscous bronze.
References
Moths described in 1907
Olethreutini
Moths of Japan
Temple Israel Center is a traditional, conservative, fully egalitarian congregation located in White Plains, New York.
Clergy
Senior rabbi
A native of New York City, Rabbi Gordon Tucker holds the A.B. degree from Harvard University and a Ph.D. (in Philosophy) from Princeton University. They were ordained a Rabbi in 1975 by The Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTSA).
Since coming to Temple Israel Center, Rabbi Tucker has worked to strengthen three primary areas of Jewish life: education for all ages, the spirituality of worship, and the obligation to reach out to the less fortunate.
Rabbi Tucker joined the faculty of JTSA in 1976 and has taught there continuously ever since.  They are currently Adjunct Assistant Professor of Jewish Philosophy. From 1984 to 1992, they were Dean of the Rabbinical School at JTSA, in which capacity they directed the training of over 200 rabbis.
 They are Honorary Chairman (and former Chairman) of the Board of the Masorti Foundation for Conservative Judaism in Israel, and served on the Committee on Jewish Law and Standards of the Rabbinical Assembly from 1982 to 2007.
While on a leave of absence from JTSA beginning in 1979, Rabbi Tucker served as a White House Fellow in the office of United States Attorney General Benjamin R. Civiletti.
Rabbi Tucker is the author of numerous articles on a wide range of subjects in Jewish thought, and most recently published a translation with commentary (entitled "Heavenly Torah") on Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel's major three-volume Hebrew work on rabbinic theology.
Cantor
Cantor George Mordecai was born in Sydney, Australia to Iraqi and Indian Jewish parents. They received a B.A. in history from the University of New South Wales and their Cantorial and master's degrees in sacred music from the Jewish Theological Seminary in 2000. They have previously worked as the Cantor at Temple Beth Zion Beth Israel in Philadelphia, Temple Emanu-El in Miami, Florida, and comes to TIC from Temple Beth El in Stamford, Connecticut, where they served for four years.
Associate rabbi
Ari Isenberg-Grzeda was ordained as Rabbi by the Jewish Theological Seminary of America where they also achieved an M.A. in Sacred Music. While at the Seminary, they were named Tanenbaum Fellow of Toronto's Beth Tzedec, Leffell Fellow of AIPAC, and Rabbinic Intern-in-Residence of Masorti France's Dor Vador, Maayane Or, and Saint Germain-en-Laye communities. Upon ordination, Ari returned to Halifax, Nova Scotia, where they had previously served Congregation Shaar Shalom as Spiritual Leader for several years. Ari served as Associate Chaplain of Dalhousie University and was elected to the Executive Committee of the Canadian Rabbinic Caucus for the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs (CIJA).
Cantor emeritus
Growing up in Brooklyn, New York, Jacob Ben-Zion Mendelson witnessed the dwindling days of the Golden Age of Hazzanut. Cantor Mendelson is a graduate of the Hebrew Union College School of Sacred Music and the American Opera Center at the Juilliard School.  They are the composer of Weekday Mincha and Maariv and Improvisations on Shabbat Shacharit published by the Cantors Assembly, the organization in which they served as president in 2003 and 2004. Cantor Mendelson's discography includes Cantorial Recitatives by Legendary Masters, The Birthday of the World Part I and Part II, A Taste of Eternity, narrated by Leonard Nimoy, Jewish Music and More, recorded with their wife, cantor Fredda Mendelson, Hazonos, called "...jazz album of the year" by Wired Magazine, recorded with Frank London and their son, Daniel Mendelson, and most recently, Further definitions of the Days of Awe, with the Afro Semitic Experience, also featuring their son Daniel.
Prominent members
References
External links
Official website
Conservative synagogues in New York (state)
Buildings and structures in White Plains, New York
Jews and Judaism in Westchester County, New York
