Dębina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Victor Meldrew is a fictional character in the BBC One sitcom One Foot in the Grave, created by David Renwick and portrayed by Richard Wilson. The character epitomised the archetypal grumpy old man. Meldrew is a foil for the bothersome aspects of children, cars, animals, power cuts and next-door neighbours.
The character was created specifically for Wilson, with whom Renwick had worked on the series Hot Metal, though Wilson initially turned the part down as at 53, they felt they were too young to play the 60-year-old Meldrew. Renwick considered Les Dawson for the part before Wilson changed their mind.
Character
In the first episode, Meldrew, aged 60, is forced into early retirement from their job as a security guard when the office where they worked installs an automatic security system (which they describe as "being replaced by a box"). The series follows Meldrew as they try to fill their new-found leisure with odd jobs and unusual idiosyncrasies, or to get a new job. However, they regularly find themselves mistreated, misunderstood or simply the victim of bad luck, and consequently leads to theirs complaining heartily.
Meldrew is famous for their catchphrase, "I don't believe it!!", an expression of discontent which was actually used fairly infrequently. Quite often, they stop short at "I don't ...". According to Wilson, this is because series creator Renwick wanted to avoid overusing it. Other frequently used expressions of exasperation are "Unbe-lieeeve-able!", "What in the name of bloody hell?!" and "In the name of sanity!" Victor is something of a hypochondriac, keeping a medical dictionary with them to look up every ailment they believe has befallen them (Margaret describes it as "browsing through to see what they can die of next").
The series was so successful that in the United Kingdom, "Victor Meldrew" has become a byword for a bitter and complaining elderly man. However, both Renwick and Wilson themselves have disagreed that Victor is an example of this stereotype; Wilson themselves once said in an interview that they were a "normal man in a world full of idiots", and they are shown to be more of a tragicomedy character, not bitter and grumpy by nature, but driven to it due to their habit of attracting trouble. Renwick once pointed out in an interview that the name "Victor" is ironic, since they almost always ends up as the loser.
In the final episode, "Things Aren't Simple Any More", Meldrew is killed by a hit-and-run driver. This eliminated any realistic possibility of a seventh series. Passers-by left bouquets of flowers in homage at the filming location, a railway bridge in Shawford, a small village in Hampshire.
Reception
Phil Wickham of the University of Exeter observed that "the whole point of the series is that Meldrew is the only sane voice in a mad world".
Jonathan Bignell in their book Media Semiotics observes that the reason people laugh at Victor Meldrew is not simply that their behaviour is excessive, but that it contrasts with how all the other characters in the TV series are behaving.
Meldrew's name is associated with aggression or grumpiness; the journal Age and Ageing notes that "Viewers of Victor Meldrew (One Foot in the Grave) would not be surprised that hostility contributes to mortality in grumpy old men." Similarly The Daily Telegraph uses Richard Wilson's Meldrew to refer to people who enjoy "a good moan", while Jenny Turner in the London Review of Books can observe that "the timing and rhythm (of Geoff Dyer's Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi) have the flippancy of stand-up comedy. The voice has Eeyore in it, and Morrissey and Victor Meldrew, and could only be English and from that postwar, post-punk generation".
The BBC recalls first that "the role of Victor Meldrew transformed Scottish TV-actor Richard Wilson into a household name and award-winning comedy performer." In addition, "So popular was their character that 'Victor Meldrew' has endured as a cultural reference for any grumpy old man." And finally and more loosely, "many viewers identified with their rages at the irritants of modern life: litter, junk mail, traffic, rudeness, streetlamps and car mechanics and to some, Victor Meldrew was a champion of the people, albeit a very grumpy one."
Victor Meldrew's persona is so powerful that Richard Wilson is perceived as "99 per cent Meldrew" by at least one critic, and when taking on a serious role as Malvolio in Shakespeare's Twelfth Night, another critic felt that Wilson's "performance was overly influenced by their desire to 'shed the Victor Meldrew stereotype'".
In the modern series of Doctor Who, after the debut of the Twelfth Doctor as portrayed by Peter Capaldi, Alison Graham of Radio Times compared Capaldi's Doctor to Victor Meldrew as both were "abrasive, acerbic and [have] no truck with modern life".
References
External links
BBC Today Reports Archive: Are YOU a Victor Meldrew?
British sitcom characters
Television characters introduced in 1990
Fictional hypochondriacs
Fictional Scottish people
Male characters in television
Francis Aungier, 1st Baron Aungier of Longford (1558–1632), also known as Lord Aungier, was the progenitor of the Earldom of Longford, member of the House of Lords, Privy Councillor for Ireland, and Master of the Rolls in Ireland under James I and Charles I.
Early life
Francis was born in 1558 in Cambridge, England, the eldest son of Richard Aungier, Esq., and Rose Steward. Their father was a barrister and a member of Gray's Inn, and also a substantial
landowner. Francis attended Westminster School, and Trinity College, Cambridge, before entering Gray's Inn in 1577. They became a member of several jurisdictions, and was the reader of the Inn in 1602. They were a sufficiently gifted lawyer to earn the praise of Francis Bacon. Their father was murdered in their chambers in 1597, soon after their third election as Treasurer of Gray's Inn, and their body thrown into the Thames: the younger brother of Francis, Richard Aungier, was hanged for the crime at Tyburn on 25 January 1598.
Later years
In consequence of their first marriage, Aungier settled at East Clandon, Surrey during the 1590s, where they became a friend of Sir William More of Loseley. In 1609, King James I appointed them to the Irish Privy Council, as well as to the position of Master of the Rolls for Ireland. They were also knighted at Greenwich by the King that same year. They were re-appointed Master of the Rolls for Ireland by King Charles I in 1625.
Aungier attended the House of Lords in 1614 and served as commissioner of the Plantation of Munster in 1616 and of County Longford in 1620. In 1619, they were appointed as a commissioner of the Great Seal of Ireland following the death of Archbishop Thomas Jones. In 1621, they were created Lord Aungier, Baron of Longford by patent, which stated that they descended from the Counts of Aungier.
They purchased the lands of the White Friars Monastery in Dublin, where they resided: there, in 1677, Aungier Street was dedicated in honour of their family.
Marriage and issue
Aungier was married three times, and had several children through their marriages.
They married first a Fitzgerald, sister of the 14th Earl of Kildare, and had five children:
Gerald Aungier, 2nd Baron Aungier of Longford, who married Jane Onslow, daughter of Sir Edward Onslow
Ambrose Aungier, Chancellor of St. Patrick's Cathedral, who married Grisel Bulkeley, daughter of the Archbishop of Dublin, Lancelot Bulkeley, and was the father of Francis Aungier, 1st Earl of Longford, Gerald Aungier, and Ambrose Aungier, 2nd Earl of Longford
Elizabeth Aungier, who married Simon Caryll, Richard Barne, and John Machell
Lettice Aungier, who married Edward Cherry of Dublin, Sir William Danvers, and Sir Henry Holcroft.
Thomas Aungier
Francis Aungier (died young)
They married secondly Anne Barne, daughter of Sir George Barne III and Anne Gerrard, and had two children:
George Aungier
Frances Aungier
They married thirdly Margaret Cave, daughter of Sir Thomas Cave (died 1613) of Stanford Hall and Eleanor St. John. They had no issue.
References
1632 deaths
Barons in the Peerage of Ireland
Peers of Ireland created by James I
1558 births
English MPs 1589
English MPs 1597–1598
People from Cambridge
People educated at Westminster School, London
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of Gray's Inn
Masters of the Rolls in Ireland
Mu Se District () is a district of the Shan State in Burma (Myanmar). , it consisted of 4 towns and 1162 villages. The capital is at Muse.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Kutkai Township
Mu Se Township
Nanhkan Township
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
Ayvaz Gökdemir (1942 in Gaziantep, Turkey – 19 April 2008 in Ankara) was a Turkish politician, deputy for three terms (between 1991–2002) and minister in four governments (between 1993–1996).
They were born in Gaziantep in 1942. They received a teacher's training, after which they attended Ankara University. They pursued their career as a teacher in Kayseri and Ankara, participated in the editing of the Turkish Encyclopedia, was known for their nationalist views, and in 1991, was elected as deputy from the True Path Party, led by Demirel at the time.
In a memorable episode, they caused much controversy and acquired international notoriety in June 1995, when they reacted to the declarations made by three female parliamentarians of the European Parliament on visit to Turkey (Pauline Green, the then leader of the Party of European Socialists, Catherine Lalumière, representing the European Radical Alliance, and Claudia Roth, the chairperson of the Green Group at the time), by qualifying the deputies as "prostitutes coming from Europe".
While some viewed their tone as unbecoming for someone who had reached the position of a minister, others explained it by "a sort of disgust and scepticism towards Europe, constantly present among the Turkish elite" and evaluated it within the frame of the freedom of expression. Among the three parliamentarians, Claudia Roth took judicial action against Gökdemir, who had to pay an indemnity as a consequence of the court's verdict.
Footnotes
References
People from Gaziantep
1942 births
2008 deaths
Democrat Party (Turkey, current) politicians
Deputies of Gaziantep
Deputies of Kayseri
Deputies of Erzurum
Members of the 21st Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 20th Parliament of Turkey
Members of the 51st government of Turkey
Members of the 52nd government of Turkey
Ministers of State of Turkey
Christoffer Gozzi (born May 8, 1993) is a Swedish ice hockey player. They made their Elitserien debut playing with AIK IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.
 They are the son of Anders Gozzi and brother to Patric Gozzi.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey forwards
AIK IF players
In Greek mythology, Demophon or Demophöon (Ancient Greek: Δημοφῶν or Δημοφόων), was an Eleusinian prince as the son of King Celeus and Queen Metanira.
Mythology
While Demeter, having taken the form of an old woman called Doso, searched for their lost daughter Persephone, they received a hospitable welcome from Celeus, the King of Eleusis in Attica. They asked them to nurse Demophon - their son by Metanira.
As a gift to Celeus, because of their hospitality, Demeter planned to make Demophon a god by anointing and coating them with ambrosia, breathing gently upon them while holding them in their arms and bosom, and making them immortal by burning their mortal spirit away in the family's hearth every night. They put them in the fire at night like a firebrand or ember - without the knowledge of their parents:
And thus it came to pass that the splendid son of bright-minded Keleos,Dêmophôn, who was born to well-girded Metaneira,was nourished in the palace, and they grew up like a daimôn,not eating grain, not sucking from the breast. But Demeterused to anoint them with ambrosia, as if they had been born of the goddess,and they would breathe down their sweet breath on them as they held them to their bosom.At nights they would conceal them within the menos of fire, as if they were a smoldering log,and their philoi parents were kept unaware. But they marveledat how full in bloom they came to be, and to look at them was like looking at the gods.
Demeter failed to complete the ritual because Demophon's mother Metanira walked in, saw their son in the fire, and screamed in fright; this angered Demeter, who lamented that foolish mortals do not understand the concept and ritual. Demophon would never obtain a life free from death, but Demeter's actions, in fact, prepared and destined them to become immortalized as a recipient of a hero cult: while Demophon survives in the Homeric Hymn to Demeter, the scholia attest to other versions in which Demophon does not survive their time in the fire.
The bungled immortalization becomes the cause of their death, and funeral games in their honor were established at Eleusis under the guise of a ritual mock-battle, a quasi-athletic event known as the Ballêtus,
which took place on a seasonal basis to compensate for the death of the baby cult-hero Demophon. This mock-battle seems to have been the ritual kernel of a whole complex of events known as the Eleusinian Games:
But now there is no way for them to avoid death and doom.Still, they will have a tîmê that is unwilting, for all time, because they had once saton my knees and slept in my arms.At the right hôrâ, every year,the sons of the Eleusinians will have a war, a terrible battleamong each other. They will do so for all days to come.
Forestalled in making Demophon immortal, Demeter chose to teach Triptolemus (Demophon's elder brother) the art of agriculture; from them the rest of Greece learned to plant and reap crops. They flew across the land on a dragon-drawn chariot while Demeter and Persephone cared for them and helped them complete their mission of educating the whole of Greece in the art of agriculture.
Notes
References
Richardson, Nicholas James, The Homeric hymn to Demeter, Oxford [Eng.] Clarendon Press, 1974.
Cf. variously: Apollod. i. 5. § 1 ; Ov. Fast. iv. 512, &c.; Hygin. Fab. 147; Hom. Hymn. in Cer. 234
External links
Pache, Corinne Ondine, [ Baby and child heroes in ancient Greece], 2004, p. 74
Princes in Greek mythology
Eleusinian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Rape of Persephone
Deeds of Demeter
zh:得摩丰#厄琉息斯王子
Gracie Humaitá or Academia Gracie de Jiu-Jitsu is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu academy on Humaitá Street, in Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, founded by Helio Gracie. The Academy offers classes in Gracie Jiu-Jitsu.
History
The Academia Gracie was founded by Carlos Gracie on April 18, 1952 at Avenida Rio Branco 151 on the 17th and 18th floors. The original instructors were Carlson Gracie, Robson Gracie, Joao Alberto Barreto and Helio Vigio. They were supervised by Helio Gracie. In 1981 the academy moved to Lagoa for a couple of years before establishing itself inside the Colégio Padre Antonio Vieira, a private Catholic school. Today the school focuses primarily in Sport Jiu-Jitsu, but also does train competitors for a career in MMA.
The gym is currently run by Hélio's sons, Royler and Rolker Gracie. Almost all of the fighters in the famous Gracie family, including Rickson, have trained at the school extensively.
On November 17, 2009 the Gracie Competition Team Academy opened for business in San Diego, California. The academy is affiliated with Royler Gracie and Gracie Humaita and is run by Professor Regis Lebre and Royler Gracie frequently conducts classes.
Notable students
Notable students of the Academia Gracie de Jiu-Jitsu include:
Rorion Gracie - 9th Degree Red Belt, Co-Founder of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in California.
Relson Gracie - 9th Degree Red Belt, Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in Hawaii.
Rickson Gracie - 9th Degree Red Belt, Vale Tudo Japan Champion.
Carlos Gracie, Jr. - 8th Degree Red & Black Belt, Head of Gracie Barra
Royler Gracie - 7th Degree Red & Black Belt, ADCC Submission Wrestling World Champion, Instructor at Gracie Humaitá in Brazil and at Gracie Competition Team Academy in San Diego, California.
Royce Gracie - 7th Degree Red & Black Belt, The first Ultimate Fighting Champion.
Rolls Gracie - 6th Degree Black Belt, died in 1982 hang-gliding accident.
Carlos "Caique" Elias - 7th degree Red & Black Belt, head of the Caique Jiu Jitsu network of schools. Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in Lomita, California
Megaton Dias - 5th Degree Black Belt, Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in Arizona.
Saulo Ribeiro - 5th Degree Black Belt, Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in San Diego, former 6-time World Jiu-Jitsu Champion
Leonardo Xavier - 4th Degree Black Belt, Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in Sugar Land, Texas. Multiple time world medalist and former instructor at Gracie Humaita in Brazil.
Alexandre Ribeiro - 4th Degree Black Belt; taught Jiu-Jitsu in Toledo OH, San Diego, CA and Los Angeles CA. Currently teaches Jiu-jitsu in San Diego with their brother Saulo Ribeiro
Leticia Ribeiro - 4th Degree Black Belt, One of the highest ranking female Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu black belts in the world, Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in San Diego, CA.
Kron Gracie- 1st Degree Black belt, Son of Rickson Gracie. 2nd Place Light Weight Black belt World Jiu-Jitsu Championship 2011. ADCC 2013 champion. Teaches Jiu-Jitsu in Los Angeles
See also
List of Top Professional MMA Training Camps
References
External links
Academia Gracie de Jiu Jitsu
Gracie Humaita (Association Website)
Gracie Humaitá MARanking profile Statistics and BJJ (GI) main titles since 2004
1952 establishments in Brazil
Brazilian jiu-jitsu organizations
Brazilian jiu-jitsu training facilities
The shortfin barb (Enteromius brevipinnis) is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Africa where it occurs in the Sabie-Komati and the Steelpoort-Limpopo river systems. It inhabits well vegetated headwater streams. This species can reach a length of SL. It can also be found in the aquarium trade.
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
Enteromius
Barbs (fish)
Freshwater fish of South Africa
Taxa named by Reginald Arthur Jubb
Fish described in 1966
Richard E. Roeper (born October 17, 1959) is an American columnist and film critic for the Chicago Sun-Times. They co-hosted the television series At the Movies with Roger Ebert from 2000 to 2008, serving as the late Gene Siskel's successor. From 2010 to 2014, they co-hosted The Roe and Roeper Show with Roe Conn on WLS-AM. From October 2015 to October 2017, Roeper served as the host of the FOX 32 morning show Good Day Chicago.
Early life
Roeper was born in Chicago, Illinois. They grew up in south suburban Dolton, Illinois and attended Thornridge High School, before graduating from Illinois State University in 1982 with a bachelor's degree in journalism. While still a student at the university, they auditioned for the movie review program Sneak Previews when Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert (his future co-host on At the Movies) left the program, which they were obviously turned down.
Career
Roeper began working as a columnist for the Chicago Sun-Times in 1986. The topics of their columns ranged from politics to media to entertainment.
They have also written seven books on topics ranging from movies to urban legends to conspiracy theories to the Chicago White Sox. In 2009, Roeper appeared on Howard Stern's show and said they had written a book on gambling, entitled Bet the House, which was released in the first quarter of 2010.
Roeper was a radio host on WLS AM 890 in Chicago. They also hosted shows on WLUP-FM, WLS-FM, and WMVP-AM in Chicago. They won three Emmy awards for their news commentaries on Fox in the 1990s and was the film critic for CBS in Chicago for three years in the early 2000s. They won the National Headliner Award as the top newspaper columnist in the country in 1992 and has been voted the best columnist in Illinois by the Associated Press on numerous occasions.
Their columns have been syndicated by The New York Times to publications throughout the world. Roeper has written for a number of magazines, including Esquire, Spy, TV Guide, Playboy, Maxim, and Entertainment Weekly. They were once named one of People magazine's most eligible bachelors.
Roeper was a frequent guest on The Tonight Show, Live with Regis and Kelly, The O'Reilly Factor, and countless other national programs. They also hosted Starz Inside, a monthly documentary series that aired on the Starz network. Roeper appeared on the first episode of the fifth season of Entourage, where they reviewed a fake movie titled Medellin with Michael Phillips on At the Movies. In April 2008, Roeper was the central figure on an episode of Top Chef, where contestants served up movie-themed dishes to Roeper and their friends (including Aisha Tyler).
In February 2009, Roeper launched their own website, which features movie reviews, blog entries, photos, and Twitter posts. In December 2009, they launched a video section, which featured on-camera reviews of movies. The video segments were originally produced in partnership with the Starz premium cable channel. Roeper announced that the reviews would appear first on their site, then on the Starz channel.
In December 2009, it was reported that Roeper had signed with ReelzChannel to be a regular contributor. Beginning in December 2010, Roeper began producing video reviews for ReelzChannel. They stopped reviewing movies for ReelzChannel in February 2015; their final review was for the Jude Law disaster film Black Sea.
From April 12, 2010 to October 7, 2014, they co-hosted The Roe & Roeper Show with Roe Conn on Chicago's WLS 890 radio station from 2-6pm CST.
In October 2015, Roeper joined the cast of the Fox Chicago morning TV show Good Day Chicago. They signed off from that morning TV show on October 18, 2017.
Roeper was suspended from the Sun-Times on January 29, 2018, pending an investigation into allegations that they had purchased Twitter followers. On February 2, the Sun-Times released a statement stating that their investigation did find that Roeper purchased over 25,000 fake followers. They were later reinstated by the paper, though they were required to begin using a new account on which they were explicitly disallowed from buying followers.
Film critic
After Gene Siskel of Siskel & Ebert died on Saturday, February 20, 1999, Roger Ebert co-hosted the show with nearly 30 guest critics. After ten appearances on the program, Roeper was offered the opportunity to permanently co-host the popular film review show with Ebert. The series was renamed Ebert & Roeper and the Movies in 2000. The title was shortened to Ebert & Roeper in 2001. Prior to this, they got to conduct an interview in 1995 with Siskel and Ebert to commemorate the 20th anniversary of their partnership.
Beginning in August 2006, while their co-host Roger Ebert was recovering from cancer surgery, Roeper was joined by numerous guest critics, including Clerks director Kevin Smith, The Tonight Show host Jay Leno, and singer-songwriter John Mellencamp. On Sunday, July 20, 2008, Roeper announced that they were leaving the show in mid-August and would return with a new show later in the year. However, plans for a new program starring Roeper failed to materialize.
Between 2009 and late 2010, Roeper contributed video reviews to Starz. In December 2010, they moved to ReelzChannel, where they contributed a segment titled Richard Roeper's Reviews every weekday at 5:00 PM ET. Roeper remained with the network until early 2015. In early 2013, Roeper began contributed film reviews to RogerEbert.com. On September 12, 2013, it was announced that Roeper will replace Roger Ebert as the main movie critic for the Chicago Sun-Times after their death on April 4, 2013 at the age of 70. In August 2014, Roeper became first-string film critic for the Chicago Sun-Times, where they made their debut reviewing Guardians of the Galaxy.
Controversy
On July 11, 2016, Roeper gave the 2016 reboot of Ghostbusters a negative review, giving the film one out of four stars (a D- in their radio review), criticizing its acting, script, and "cheesy" special effects. Afterwards, their review was met with criticism on social media and from the website Salon, who accused them of male bias and misogyny. Roeper responded to the criticisms stating, "How insulting would it be to give a film a pass because of good intentions and diversity in the casting? That's not equal treatment; that's condescension."
Preferences
Favorites
Roeper has cited The Maltese Falcon, The Godfather trilogy, and Ferris Bueller's Day Off as among their favorite films. On Ferris Bueller's Day Off they stated that, "It has one of the highest 'repeatability' factors of any film I've ever seen...I can watch it again and again. There's also this, and I say in all sincerity: Ferris Bueller's Day Off is something of a suicide prevention film, or at the very least a story about a young man trying to help their friend gain some measure of self-worth...Ferris has made it their mission to show Cameron that the whole world in front of them is passing them by, and that life can be pretty sweet if you wake up and embrace it. That's the lasting message of Ferris Bueller's Day Off." Roeper pays homage to the film with a license plate that says "SVFRRIS". In a 2000 interview, they cited Woody Allen as a hero of filmmaking. Among their favorite films from the 1990s are Goodfellas, Pulp Fiction, Heat, Good Will Hunting, and Notting Hill. In November 2004, on a special segment of Ebert & Roeper, Roeper stated that their all-time favorite film about Thanksgiving is Planes, Trains and Automobiles. In December 2009, Roeper selected The Departed as the best film of the 2000s. In December 2019, Roeper selected The Social Network as the best film of the 2010s.
Best films of the year
Since 2000, Roeper compiled "best of the year" film lists which helped to provide an overview of their critical preferences. Their top choices were:
2000: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
2001: Memento
2002: Gangs of New York
2003: In America
2004: Hotel Rwanda
2005: Syriana
2006: The Departed
2007: Michael Clayton
2008: Slumdog Millionaire
2009: Brothers
2010: Inception
2011: Drive
2012: Zero Dark Thirty
2013: American Hustle
2014: Boyhood
2015: Room
2016: Manchester by the Sea
2017: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
2018: Widows
2019: The Irishman
2020: Nomadland
2021: Belfast
Filmography
Bibliography
They Rent, They Rent: The Ultimate Guide to the Best Women's Films and Guy Movies, with Laurie Viera (1999)
Hollywood Urban Legends: The Truth Behind All Those Delightfully Persistent Myths of Films, Television, and Music (2001)
Urban Legends: The Truth Behind All Those Deliciously Entertaining Myths That Are Absolutely, Positively, 100% Not True (2001)
Ten Sure Signs a Movie Character Is Doomed, and Other Surprising Movie Lists (2003)
Schlock Value: Hollywood At Its Worst (2005)
Sox and the City: A Fan's Love Affair with the White Sox from the Heartbreak of '67 to the Wizards of Oz (2006)
Debunked!: Conspiracy Theories, Urban Legends, and Evil Plots of the 21st Century (2008)
Bet the House: How I Gambled Over a Grand a Day for 30 Days on Sports, Poker, and Games of Chance (2010)
References
External links
Biography from TV Tome
1959 births
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American columnists
American film critics
American film historians
American male non-fiction writers
Chicago Sun-Times people
Critics of conspiracy theories
Film theorists
Historians from Illinois
Illinois State University alumni
Living people
People from Dolton, Illinois
Television personalities from Chicago
Writers from Chicago
The long-tailed fantail (Rhipidura opistherythra) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to the Tanimbar Islands, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
long-tailed fantail
Birds of the Tanimbar Islands
long-tailed fantail
long-tailed fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hugh O'Doherty (died 10 March 1924) was an Irish nationalist politician.
O'Doherty worked as a solicitor in County Londonderry. A supporter of Charles Stewart Parnell, they were a founder member of the Irish National League. Following Parnell's death, O'Doherty withdrew from politics until 1918, when they were elected to Derry Corporation as a Nationalist Party councillor. Later in 1918, their daughter drowned on the RMS Leinster.
In 1920, a nationalist majority emerged on the Londonderry Corporation, and O'Doherty was elected as the first nationalist and first Roman Catholic Mayor of Derry, a post which carried with it membership of the Senate of Northern Ireland. They were seen as a neutral candidate, acceptable to both the Nationalist Party group and to the Sinn Féin grouping. They ordered that the Union Jack should not be flown from the Guildhall. They also campaigned for Derry to be included in the Irish Free State. In 1922, O'Doherty called a conference of all nationalists in Northern Ireland, in a first attempt to develop a common platform.
O'Doherty's term as mayor ended in 1923, and they died the following year.
References
Year of birth missing
1924 deaths
Irish solicitors
Mayors of Derry
Members of the Senate of Northern Ireland 1921–1925
Nationalist Party (Ireland) members of the Senate of Northern Ireland
Pleurotus populinus, the aspen oyster mushroom, is a gilled fungus native to North America. It is found on dead wood of aspen and cottonwood trees (genus Populus). Although morphologically similar to Pleurotus ostreatus and Pleurotus pulmonarius, it has been shown to be a distinct species incapable of cross-breeding. P. populinus is reported to be edible. Unlike P. ostreatus, which fruits in the autumn and winter, P. populinus fruits in late spring and summer.
Taxonomy
The species was first described scientifically by mycologists Oswald and Orson K. Miller in 1993 with a provisional name. This original naming was invalid according to several sections of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature, so it was republished in 1997.
Description
The fruit bodies have oyster shell-shaped to fan-shaped caps that are broad by wide. The cap margin is initially rolled inward, becomes finely scalloped in age. The color ranges from ivory white to pinkish buff to orange-grey. The gills are somewhat decurrent, running a short ways down the stipe. They are 3–10 mm broad, white to cream in color, and have two sets of intervening lamellulae (short gills).
The spore print is buff. Spores are thin-walled with a narrowly elliptical to oblong shape, and dimensions of 9–15 by 3–5 μm. The basidia are club-shaped, four-spored, and measure 20–27 by 5–6 μm.
Habitat and distribution
Pleurotus populinus fruit bodies grow singly to numerous—often arranged in overlapping clusters—on the rotting stumps, logs, and limbs of hardwoods. Preferred substrates include aspen and black cottonwood. It is found in the northern United States and Canada, and in mountainous regions of western North America. It is a common species in its range, where it fruits in June and July.
See also
List of Pleurotus species
References
External links
Pleurotus populinus: The Aspen Oyster at MushroomExpert.com
Biological Species in Pleurotus: ISG III. Pleurotus populinus at University of Tennessee-Knoxville Mycology Lab
Carnivorous fungi
Fungi described in 1993
Fungi of North America
Edible fungi
Pleurotaceae
In Norse mythology, Víðarr (Old Norse: , possibly "wide ruler", sometimes anglicized as Vidar , Vithar, Vidarr, and Vitharr) is a god among the Æsir associated with vengeance. Víðarr is described as the son of Odin and the jötunn Gríðr and is foretold to avenge their father's death by killing the wolf Fenrir at Ragnarök, a conflict they are described as surviving. Víðarr is attested in the Poetic Edda, compiled in the 13th century from earlier traditional sources, the Prose Edda, written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson, and is interpreted as depicted with Fenrir on the Gosforth Cross. A number of theories surround the figure, including theories around potential ritual silence and a Proto-Indo-European basis.
Attestations
Poetic Edda
In the Poetic Edda, Víðarr is mentioned in the poems Völuspá, Vafthrúdnismál, Grímnismál, and Lokasenna.
In stanzas 54 and 55 of the poem Völuspá, a völva tells Odin that their son Víðarr will avenge Odin's death at Ragnarök by stabbing Fenrir in the heart:
Then comes Sigfather's | mighty son,
Vithar, to fight | with the foaming wolf;
In the giant's son | do they thrust their sword
Full to the heart: | their father is avenged.
In stanzas 51 and 53 of Vafthrúdnismál, Vafþrúðnir states that Víðarr and their brother Váli will both live in the "temples of the gods" after Surtr's fire has ceded and that Víðarr will avenge the death of their father, Odin, by sundering the cold jaws of Fenrir in battle:
In stanza 17 of Grímnismál, during Odin's visions of various dwelling places of the gods, they describe Víðarr's (anglicized as "Vidar") residence:
Brushwood grows and high grass
widely in Vidar's land
and there the son proclaims on their horse's back
that he's keen to avenge their father.
According to Lokasenna, Loki rebukes the gods at the start of the poem for not properly welcoming them to the feast at Ægir's hall. In stanza 10, Odin finally relents to the rules of hospitality, urging Víðarr to stand and pour a drink for the quarrelsome guest. Víðarr follows their orders. Loki toasts the Æsir before beginning theirs flyting.
Prose Edda
Víðarr is referenced in the Prose Edda books Gylfaginning and Skáldskaparmál.
Víðarr is referenced in the book Gylfaginning in chapters 29, 51, and 53. In chapter 29, Víðarr is introduced by the enthroned figure of High as "the silent god" with a thick shoe, that they are nearly as strong as the god Thor, and that the gods rely on them in times of immense difficulties.
In chapter 51, High foretells that, during Ragnarök, the wolf Fenrir will devour Odin, and Víðarr will avenge them by stepping down with one foot on the lower jaw of the monster, grabbing their upper jaw in one hand and tearing their mouth apart, killing him. Víðarr's "thick shoe" is described as consisting of all the extra leather pieces that people have cut from their own shoes at the toe and heel, collected by the god throughout all time. Therefore, anyone who is concerned enough to give assistance to the gods should throw these pieces away.
In chapter 54, following Ragnarök and the rebirth of the world, it is told that Víðarr along with their brother Váli will have survived both the swelling of the sea and the fiery conflagration unleashed by Surtr, completely unharmed, and shall thereafter dwell on the field Iðavöllr, "where the city of Asgard had previously been".
According to Skáldskaparmál, Víðarr was one of the twelve presiding male gods seated in their thrones at a banquet for the visiting Ægir. At a point in dialogue between the skaldic god Bragi and Ægir, Snorri themselves begins speaking of the myths in euhemeristic terms and states that the historical equivalent of Víðarr was the Trojan hero Aeneas who survived the Trojan War and went on to achieve "great deeds".
Later in the book, various kennings are given for Víðarr, including again the "silent As", "possessor of the iron shoe", "enemy and slayer of Fenrisulf", "the gods' avenging As", "father's homestead-inhabiting As", "son of Odin", and "brother of the Æsir". In the tale of the god Thor's visit to the hall of the jötunn Geirröd, Gríðr is stated as the mother of "Víðarr the Silent" who assists Thor in their journey. In chapter 33, after returning from Asgard and feasting with the gods, Ægir invites the gods to come to their hall in three months. Fourteen gods make the trip to attend the feast, including Víðarr. In chapter 75, Víðarr's name appears twice in a list of Æsir.
Archaeological record
The mid-11th century Gosforth Cross, located in Cumbria, England, has been described as depicting a combination of scenes from the Christian Judgement Day and the pagan Ragnarök. The cross features various figures depicted in Borre style, including a man with a spear facing a monstrous head, one of whose feet are thrust into the beast's forked tongue and on its lower jaw, while a hand is placed against its upper jaw, a scene interpreted as Víðarr fighting Fenrir. The depiction has also been theorized as a metaphor for Jesus's defeat of Satan.
Theories
Theories have been proposed that Víðarr's silence may derive from a ritual silence or other abstentions which often accompany acts of vengeance, as for example in Völuspá and Baldrs draumar when Váli, conceived for the sole purpose of avenging Baldr's death, abstains from washing their hands and combing their hair "until they brought Baldr's adversary to the funeral pyre". Parallels have been drawn between chapter 31 of Tacitus' 1st century CE work Germania where Tacitus describes that members of the Chatti, a Germanic tribe, may not shave or groom before having first slain an enemy.
Dumézil
Georges Dumézil theorized that Víðarr represents a cosmic figure from an archetype derived from the Proto-Indo-Europeans. Dumézil stated that they were aligned with both vertical space, due to their placement of their foot on the wolf's lower jaw and their hand on the wolf's upper jaw, and horizontal space, due to their wide step and strong shoe, and that, by killing the wolf, Víðarr keeps the wolf from destroying the cosmos, and the cosmos can thereafter be restored after the destruction resulting from Ragnarök.
Dumézil thus conceives of Víðarr as a spatial god. Dumézil substantiates their claim with the text of the Lokasenna, in which Víðarr, trying to mediate the dispute with Loki, urges the other Aesir to "grant Loki their space" at the feasting table. Dumézil argues that this play on Víðarr's spatiality would have been understood by an audience familiar with the god, an interpretation further warranted by their reading of the Lokasenna as being in significant part a book of puns and word plays about the different Aesir.
Dumézil also suggests that Víðarr's spatiality is seen in the Vishnu of the Vedic traditions, both etymologically (the Vi- root) and mythologically, citing the story of Bali and Vishnu. In this legend, Vishnu (in the form of Vamana) tricks the malevolent king Bali, who has secured dominion over the whole Earth, by making Bali promise to grant Vamana all the land they can cover in three paces. Vamana turns themselves into a giant and strides across all heaven and Earth, taking Bali's head and granting them immortality in lieu of taking the last pace.
Dumézil theorizes that these myths of Fenrir vs. Víðarr and Bali vs. Vishnu may have a common origin in an Indo-European god of spatiality, similar but distinct from the hypothetical framing or entry / exit god that spawned Janus and Heimdallr.
Notes
References
Bellows, Henry Adams (1923). The Poetic Edda. American-Scandinavian Foundation.
Byock, Jesse (Trans.) (2006). The Prose Edda. Penguin Classics.
Faulkes, Anthony (Trans.) (1995). Edda. Everyman.
Dumézil, Georges. "Le dieu Scandinave Vidarr". In: Revue de l'histoire des religions, tome 168, n°1, 1965. pp. 1-13. [DOI: https://doi.org/10.3406/rhr.1965.8204]; www.persee.fr/doc/rhr_0035-1423_1965_num_168_1_8204
Larrington, Carolyne (Trans.) (1999). The Poetic Edda. Oxford World's Classics.
Lindow, John (2001). Norse Mythology: A Guide to the Gods, Heroes, Rituals, and Beliefs. Oxford University Press.
Orchard, Andy (1997). Dictionary of Norse Myth and Legend. Cassell.
Pluskowski, Aleks. "Apocalyptic Monsters: Animal Inspirations for the Iconography of Medieval Northern Devourers" as collected in: Bildhauer, Bettina. Mills, Robert (2004). The Monstrous Middle Ages. University of Toronto Press.
Schapiro, Meyer (1980). Cain's Jaw-Bone that Did the First Murder, Selected Papers, volume 3, Late Antique, Early Christian and Mediaeval Art. Chatto & Windus, London, . JSTOR.
Æsir
Sons of Odin
Vengeance gods
Norse gods
Masters cycling is an age category of cycling officially established by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) in 1994.
Competitions
World Masters Track Cycling Championships organized since 1997.
European Masters Cycling Championships
See also
Senior sport
History of the bicycle
References
External links
cycling shoes
Cycling
Wingen may refer to:
Wingen, New South Wales in Australia
Wingen, Bas-Rhin, in the arrondissement of Wissembourg in the communes of the Bas-Rhin department in France
Wingen-sur-Moder, a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace
Musicians of the Sky (French:Les Musiciens du ciel) is a 1940 French language motion picture drama directed by Georges Lacombe, based on novel "Musiciens Du Ceil" by René Lefèvre who co-wrote screenplay with Jean Ferry. The music score is by Arthur Honegger and Arthur Hoérée. The film stars Michèle Morgan, Michel Simon and René Lefèvre.
The principal actors Michèle Morgan and Michel Simon, had earlier appeared together in Port of Shadows (1938), but then they had not been comrades.
Primary cast
Michèle Morgan as Le lieutenant Saulnier
Michel Simon as Le capitaine Simon
René Lefèvre as Victor
René Alexandre as Louis
Auguste Bovério as Le commissaire
Sylvette Saugé as La Louise
Alexandre Rignault as Le grand Georges
External links
Les Musiciens du ciel at DvdToile
1940 films
Films directed by Georges Lacombe
French drama films
1940 drama films
1940s French-language films
French black-and-white films
Films scored by Arthur Honegger
Films scored by Arthur Hoérée
1940s French films
Acrocercops apicella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae, known from Guadalcanal and Rennell Island of the Solomon Islands. It was named by J.D. Bradley in 1957.
References
apicella
Moths of Oceania
Moths described in 1957
Mohamed Ismail Ibrahim (born 1 January 1997) is a Djiboutian runner. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the 3000 m steeplechase, but failed to reach the final.
References
External links
Olympic athletes of Djibouti
1997 births
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Djibouti
Djiboutian male steeplechase runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 African Games
African Games competitors for Djibouti
James (Jim) B. McGraw (born July 10, 1956, Columbus, Ohio) is an American ecologist and Eberly Professor of Biology at West Virginia University.
Education
McGraw earned their B.S. in Biological Sciences from Stanford University in 1978 and their Ph.D. in Botany at Duke University in 1982.  They are a plant population biologist, with specific interests in ecological and evolutionary responses of natural plant populations to regional and global environmental change.
Research
McGraw's early work focused on how natural selection was responsible for sharp morphological differences among plant populations over short distances in the arctic tundra. This was followed by a series of studies demonstrating rapid evolution on the century time scale, investigated by germinating old viable seeds from tundra soils. Since 1998, their lab has focused on demographic and evolutionary studies of rapidly expanding invasive plants or species that are threatened with extinction due to human activities.
Their lab is particularly known for its studies of American Ginseng (Panax quinquefolius L.), North America's premier wild-harvested medicinal plant species. Their 2005 Science paper with graduate student Mary Ann Furedi documented overbrowsing of Ginseng by white-tailed deer as a serious threat to long-term population viability; the paper was featured on NPR's "All Things Considered", Scientific American, National Geographic, and The New York Times. As a scientist and Aldo Leopold Leadership Program Fellow, they have been an advocate for communicating science to the public and policymakers.
References
1956 births
Living people
People from Columbus, Ohio
American ecologists
West Virginia University faculty
Something More may refer to:
Music
Something More!, a 1964 Broadway musical with music by Sammy Fain
Albums
Something More (Altars album), 2013
Something More (Ginny Owens album), 2002
Songs
"Something More" (Secondhand Serenade song), 2010
"Something More" (Sugarland song), 2005
"Something More" (Train song), 2001
"Something More", by Aly & AJ from their 2016 album Into the Rush
"Something More", by Chapterhouse from their 1991 album Whirlpool
"Something More", by Ryan Malcolm, from their 2003 album Home
"Something More", by Róisín Murphy from the 2020 album Róisín Machine
Other uses
"Something More", a 1992 short story by Andrzej Sapkowski
Something More (1999 film), a film starring Michael A. Goorjian
Something More (2003 film), a film directed by Devon Gummersall
Something More (novel), a 2001 novel by Paul Cornell
Something More (radio program), commenced in 2015
Botleys Mansion is a Palladian mansion house in the south of Chertsey, Surrey, England, just south of St Peter's Hospital. The house was built in the 1760s by builders funded by Joseph Mawbey and to designs by Kenton Couse. The elevated site once bore a 14th-century manor house seized along with all the other manors of Chertsey from Chertsey Abbey, a very rich abbey, under Henry VIII's Dissolution of the Monasteries and today much of its land is owned by two hospitals, one public, one private and the local authority. The remaining mansion and the near park surrounding were used for some decades as a colony hospital and as a private care home. The building is owned and used by a wedding venues company.
It is a Grade II* listed building.
History
The history of the site is unclear. The building standing today was built in the 1760s as a replacement of an old manor. The mansion's ownership was transferred often throughout its history.
The Metropolitan Asylums Board was dissolved in 1930 and responsibility of caring for the mentally deficient was passed to the (local government) Councils. Surrey County Council decided set up new buildings to house patients while the mansion housed the hospital staff becoming designated from 1932 Botley's Park hospital, which specialised in patients with psychiatric disorders. The first section of the new hospital was opened on 24 June 1939 by Lady Henriques, wife of then chairperson of the Council Sir Philip Henriques. In September of the same year, many of the hospital's patients were moved to Murray House in nearby Ottershaw so that Botleys could receive wounded soldiers from the war. During this time, the mansion was adapted into a nurses' home.
In 1995, a fire severely damaged the building, and within two years, most of the nurses' home closed down.
Architecture
In architecture it is Grade II* listed, the middle category of listing, which as with the top category (Grade I) applies to less than one third of listed buildings.
It is a Couse stone-built house in simple Palladian architecture without wings, surrounded by park land and iron gates. The stone came from quarries at Headington, Oxfordshire and Barrington, Cambridgeshire.
The house is almost cubic in form, and the estate was about two miles in circumference, today about a mile; and approximately square, thus . A double flight of steps leads to the marble-paved entrance hall of the house. The entrance hall ceiling is supported by Scagliola columns and Ionic pilasters.
Ownership
In 1319, the original Botleys Mansion was either owned by John de Butteley or John Manory of Chertsey. In 1505, de Butteley's son Thomas gave the mansion to Richard Merland, Thomas Pervoche, and Henry Wykes; soon after though, Wykes became the sole owner of the mansion, then called Botlese Mansion. Ownership of the mansion changed hands several times and was owned by King Henry VIII in 1541, after they purchased it from Sir Roger Cholmeley. In 1763, the mansion was transferred to Joseph Mawbey, the man responsible for the house's reconstruction. The mansion was passed around after Mawbey's death until it was purchased by Robert Gosling in 1822. The Gosling family lived in the mansion until 1931, when the London County Council purchased the building for £30,000.
The mansion was bought and restored by a company, Bijou Wedding Venues, in 2010 and is used to host weddings and events.
References
Footnotes
Bibliography
Country houses in Surrey
Palladian architecture
Grade II* listed buildings in Surrey
Lakes of Surrey
Ana Maria de Rezende Versiani dos Anjos (born 19 March 1983) is a Brazilian film director and musician.  They are the guitarist and keyboardist of the rock band CSS.
Music career
Rezende is responsible for the direction of CSS's first music video in Brazil, Off The Hook, filmed at Adriano Cintra's and Carolina Parra's house.
 They are also the other half of the DJ-duo MeuKu along with fellow CSS bandmate Luiza Sá.
Personal life
Rezende lives in Los Angeles and is married to actor Katherine Moennig.
References
Brazilian women guitarists
1983 births
Living people
Musicians from São Paulo
Women in electronic music
CSS (band) members
21st-century guitarists
LGBT musicians from Brazil
21st-century LGBT people
South Broken Hill Football Club is an Australian rules football based in Broken Hill in New South Wales, Australia. The club competes in the Broken Hill Football League.
Notable players
Lindsay Beck (Port Adelaide, Glenelg, Hawthorn)
Chris Duthy (Glenelg, Fitzroy)
Russell Ellen (Essendon, West Perth)
Tom Everuss (Hawthorn)
Jack Gaffney (Fitzroy)
Stewart Geddes (Melbourne, St Kilda, West Torrens)
Jack Hanson (Footscray)
Steve Hywood (Richmond, Glenelg)
Walter Minogue (Footscray)
Harold Oliver (Port Adelaide)
Ron Serich (Richmond)
James Tierney (West Adelaide, West Torrens, South Adelaide, North Adelaide)
References
Australian rules football clubs in New South Wales
Australian rules football clubs established in 1900
1900 establishments in Australia
Sport in Broken Hill, New South Wales
The women's high jump event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 21 and 23 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Qualifications
21 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 21 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
High jump
High jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Baishnab Charan Parida (15 February 1941 – 22 November 2018), was a BJD politician, writer and social activist. They were a Member of Rajya Sabha (the upper house of India's Parliament) and represented Odisha. Socialism and secularism are their main mantras.
They were elected to Rajya Sabha in July 2010 and their term ended on 1 July 2016. They fought to bring the Odisha Official Language Act, 1954.
Early life
They were born on 15 February 1941 in Gopal (Yadav) family of Srirampur, P.S. Mangalpur of Jajpur district, Odisha. Their father Jagbandhu Parida was a worker in jute mill in Kolkata and a folk singer and their mother Sulochana Parida was a housewife. Their early School education was at Mangalpur primary School. They were admitted to Mahtab High School at Mangalpur. They were suffering from cancer disease and under treatment.
Life in Kolkata
After their matriculation, they moved to Kolkata to continue their higher studies as their father was working there. They completed their Graduation in Kolkata from Bangabasi College and MA In Political Science from the University of Calcutta. Later they completed their M.Phil. from Moscow University.
They were a member of Communist Party of India (CPI) from 1960 to 1992. A great follower of Karl Marx and their ideology, they slowly and steadily got involved in trade union and labour movement in West Bengal. In 1964 they were elected as member of Executive Committee of West Bengal Students Federation. Before that in 1963 they established West Bengal Oriya Students Association and in 1965 established West Bengal Oriya Citizen Council at Kolkata. In 1965 they formed Soviet Land (Oriya Editor) as a member of its editorial board. They continued as a member until 1975.
They married Swarna Lata Parida on 3 March 1972.
Life in Moscow
In 1974 Baishnab Parida moved to Moscow with their family for a special assignment for Indo-Soviet coordination. They stayed there until 1989. During their stay in Russia they held several positions. They were the correspondent of RIA Novosti from 1984 to 1989. They were elected as General Secretary of Indian Association in 1988. During that time they were special correspondent of the Samaja [Oriya Daily] and Eastern Media for East European countries.
1989 - Return to Odisha
After fifteen years in Moscow they returned to Odisha. A Marxist and socialist at heart, they had to leave CPI due to some differences on application of Marxist ideology in Indian reality. During their stay in Moscow they read literature on Mohandas K. Gandhi and Ambedkar, slowly and steadily they were attracted towards Gandhian Philosophy and Lohia's ideology. And eventually in 1993 they joined Indian National Congress. Until 1998 they were in Congress but due to their differences with the state party leadership they left congress and joined Samajwadi Party in 1999 as its State President. They were in Samajwadi party until they resigned in 2008. In 2008 they joined BJD.
Books
(i) Caste System in India, (ii) S.A. Dange and Trade Union Movement in India, (iii) Octopus of Corruption, (iv) Political Economy and (v) Jharkhand Movement and the Political Aspirations behind it; translated 31 Russian Classics including Maxim Gorky's 'Mother', Dostoevsky and Chekhov's novels and stories, Leo Tolstoy's Father Sergei and other novels, Pushkin's Captain's daughter ; four volumes of Karl Marx, Friedrich Engels' works; theoretical and political treaties of Plekhanov and Vladimir Lenin and many children's books into Oriya; edited books translated by many prominent Oriya writers, translated the 'Matir Manish' of Kalindi Charan Panigrahi, noted Oriya writer and other 28 best Oriya stories into Russian as a co-translator; published Pratinidhi (Oriya fortnightly) from Kolkata, 1963–69; contributed regularly for articles, journals and newspapers, has written numerous poems.
They died due to cancer on 22nd Nov 2018.
Auxiliary info
Spokesperson, Biju Janata Dal
Orissa State President, Samajwadi Party, 1999–2008
General Secretary, (i) Orissa Pradesh Congress State Election Campaign Committee, 1995 and (ii) Indian Association of the then Soviet Union, 1988
Spokesman, Orissa Pradesh Congress Committee; Member, (i) Executive Committee of West Bengal Students Federation, 1965 and (ii) Editorial Board of Soviet Land (Oriya edition), 1965–74
In-charge of Moscow Committee of Communist Party of India (C.P.I.) 1975-89
Vice-President, Rural Workers Union of Orissa; Founder (i) West Bengal Oriya Students Association, 1963, (ii) West Bengal Oriya Citizens Council, Kolkata, 1965, (iii) New Thinking Forum, 1990, (iv) Forum against Corruption and Criminalization of Politics, 1996 and (v) Orissa Social Justice Forum, 1998
Special Correspondent, Samaja, leading Oriya Daily and Eastern Media for East European Countries, 1976–89, Correspondent, Novosti Press Agency, Moscow, 1984–89; Editor, Utkal Samaj, Oriya Daily, 1993–95
References
External links
- Rajya Sabha Page
1941 births
2018 deaths
Bangabasi College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
People from Jajpur district
Rajya Sabha members from Odisha
Biju Janata Dal politicians
Grostenquin (; ; Lorraine Franconian: ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France, situated between Metz and Strasbourg.
Localities of the commune: Béning, Bertring, Hingsange, Linstroff.
History
Its population in 1999 was 569 people.
A Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) base, RCAF Station Grostenquin, was located here from 1952–1964. After the departure of the RCAF, the airport was closed by the French. The facilities are still used by the French Armed Forces for military exercises.
Notable people
NHL player and coach Paul MacLean and Avril Lavigne's father were born here.
Theodore B. Basselin (1851–1914), lumber magnate, was born here.
See also
Communes of the Moselle department
References
Communes of Moselle (department)
Route 75 is a short highway in Mississippi County in the U.S. state of Missouri. Its southern terminus is at Route 80, and it travels north through farmland to the town of Anniston. It then travels westward to its northern terminus at Route 105 north of East Prairie. The route was designated in 1968, after Route 77 was moved to a new alignment east of Anniston, and the remaining section was renumbered to Route 75.
Route description
All of the route is in Mississippi County. In 2015, the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT) measured about 796 vehicles, including 66 trucks, traveling on the route near Anniston on average each day.
Route 75 starts at a T intersection at Route 80 east of East Prairie, and it travels north through farmland as a two-lane road. The road intersects County Road 334 (CRD 334) and crosses over Intercept Ditch. It intersects CRD 332 after crossing over the ditch, and it turns west at the western and southern termini of Route DD and CRD 337, respectively. Route 75 then enters the city of Anniston, crossing over the White Pond inside the city limits. At Kaycee Lane (CRD 341), the road turns north towards the center of the city, where it intersects CRD 328 and other streets. Route 75 turns west at B Street (CRD 339), leaving the city limits. The route re-enters the farmland, intersecting CRD 343. It then crosses over the Wolf Hole Lateral, and ends at another T intersection at Route 105, south of the Mississippi County Airport.
History
The road that became Route 75 has existed since 1926, as part of Route 55 from south of Charleston to east of East Prairie. The route was renumbered to Route 77 in 1959, and it was rerouted in 1968. The realignment replaced Route E with Route 77, and its old alignment became part of Route 88 and Route 105. The section that traveled through Anniston was renumbered to Route 75.
Major intersections
References
075
Transportation in Mississippi County, Missouri
United Nations Security Council resolution 683, adopted on 22 December 1990, after recalling Resolution 21 (1947) which approved the Trusteeship Territory of the Japanese Mandated Islands (since known as the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands) as well as Chapter XII of the United Nations Charter which established the United Nations Trusteeship system, the council determined that, in the light of entry into force of new status agreements for Federated States of Micronesia, the Marshall Islands and the Northern Mariana Islands, the objectives of the Trusteeship Agreement had been completed and therefore ended the Trusteeship Agreement with those entities.
The council also hoped that the people of Palau, which had not yet completed the negotiations, will be freely able to exercise their right to self-determination, as the above-mentioned states already had. At the same time, the council welcomed the Administering Authority's assurance that it would assist the Government of Palau in attaining its final status in determining its future direction.
Resolution 683 was adopted by 14 votes in favour, with Cuba voting against the resolution, stating it had felt the council had not properly discharged its responsibilities. The Cuban representative said that it should have given the people of the territories concerned an opportunity to explain their reasons for not wanting the council to take the action it had taken.
See also
Compact of Free Association
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Trust Territories
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0683
United Nations Trusteeship Council
History of Micronesia
0683
0683
0683
0683
1990 in the Federated States of Micronesia
1990 in the Marshall Islands
December 1990 events
is a 2014 Japanese tokusatsu television drama. It is the fourth television series in the Garo metaseries, this time focusing on the character of Raiga Saezima, the son of the original protagonist Kouga, who takes on the mantle of the Golden Knight Garo. The series began broadcast on April 4, 2014, on TV Tokyo and its sister stations in the TX Network.
Plot
The story continues after the events of The Flash Knight, Saejima Kouga (mini-series), and Makai Tales. Kouga and Kaoru got married and had a son, Raiga Saejima. Kouga's journey as Garo has ended and Raiga has now succeeded them as the next golden knight.
Prologue
Approximately 20 years ago, two major events would happen that would bring about the convergence of two knights: the disappearance of Raiga's parents and the death of a priestess. When Raiga was 6 years old, Kouga and Kaoru had a family outing when an inter-dimensional portal opened and took away Kaoru. Unwilling to lose their wife, Kouga decided to jump through the portal as well. Kouga promised Raiga they will find Kaoru and return home one day.
Separate from events, a pregnant Makai Priestess was attacked by a horror and was being possessed. Unwilling to allow their baby to be devoured, the priestess endowed their child with the power to seal horrors. While their mother died, the baby lived and the priests would realize the infant has a darkness vault inside of them Priest Shido would name their Mayuri and placed magical spells upon them to protect Mayuri from their container becoming unstable. Treated only as a magical tool, they are sealed away and placed in slumber unless needed to seal unique dark entities.
About 4 years after Kouga's disappearance, Raiga would resolve to train themselves as the next Garo. It was around this time that they would encounter Priestess Akari, the lover to Eiji Busujima (Senatorial Knight, Giru the Heretic Bone Knight, and leader of the Shadow Knights). Although a brief meeting, Raiga gave Akari a bell that represented a sound of light. Sadly, Akari would die not long. Suffering from a terminal disease, Eiji watched as Akari faded away. Unwilling to let them go, Eiji accessed Mayuri and placed Akari's soul within Mayuri's container until they can figure a means to bring back their body. They believe if they can reunite Akari's soul and body together, they can resurrect them However, it wouldn't happen for years to come.
Upon Raiga's 10th birthday, Silver Knight Zero arrived to fulfill their promise to Kouga. Rei promised to train Raiga to become a Makai Knight if they don't return. After verifying their resolve, Zero accepted Raiga as their disciple and made them a full fledged knight. After all of their trials, Raiga entered the Tower of Heroic Spirits (the tower that houses the Garo armor) to earn the right to succeed as the next Garo. To their surprise, the guardian spirits denied them the armor because Kouga still wears it. Shocked to realize their father still lives, the spirits told them Kouga relinquishes the armor to them and allows Raiga to begin their journey as the next Garo.
Main Story
The story begins with Makai Knight Eiji Busujima, breaking into a museum. Eiji learned that civilians discovered the stone slab that sealed the horror Eyrith and mistook it as an ancient relic. Eyrith is known to bring back the dead; Eiji was hoping to use Eyrith's power to resurrect Akari. The slab itself are the collection of 9 horrors that were used to help contain Eyrith; Eiji broke the seal and unleashed the Ady Slab Horrors just to get to Eyrith. Even though the seal is broken, Eyrith will only appear when the last Ady Slab Horror is captured; they go into hiding and waits to strike.
Raiga has been assigned to teamed up with Mayuri and Shadow Knight Crow to find all the Ady Slab Horrors and re-seal Eyrith. As the team reached to the last Ady Slab Horror, Eiji reappears and kidnaps both the horror and Mayuri to enact their plan. Exposing Eyrith, Eiji negotiates reviving Akari in exchange for Eyrith's revival. Taking a lock of Akari's hair as a genetic template, Eyrith cloned a body of Akari and Eiji planned to open Mayuri's container to restore Akari when Raiga and Crow intervened.
While Garo fought against Giru, Crow attempted to save Mayuri. Eyrith planned to possess Mayuri but Crow offered themselves in exchange for their safety. Taking over Crow's body, Eyrith appeared before Raiga and Eiji. They destroyed Akari's cloned body and flew away; everything that Eiji had planned for is ruined. Raiga gave chase as Crow flew away to a pond to bloom. Without any need for Crow, Eyrith left Crow's body and began sprouting themselves into a massive demonic tree.
Garo attempted to stop Eyrith and faced their true form within the tree. It has been revealed Eyrith was responsible for opening various portals through time and space, including the portal that took away their parents. Eyrith tried to tempt Raiga to save their parents, but they resisted. While fighting Garo, Eyrith managed to accelerate the armor's time limit. Losing control, Garo became a Lost Soul Beast and begun rampaging towards their own allies. It was while rampaging that Raiga heard the same bell they had given Akari all those years ago and it helped them come to their senses. They overcame the lost soul beast state and became Luminous Garo to slay Eyrith. With Eyrith weakened, Raiga had Mayuri seal Eyrith back into the stone slab. Although the day seemed to be victorious, Mayuri's well-being is in danger.
Mayuri's container is temperamental and can be affected by their thoughts and emotions; Priest Shido's magical safety precautions includes them going back to slumber whenever a mission is over and lose all memory of it. Because they got in touch with their humanity during their time with Raiga, Mayuri doesn't want to forget nor lose the bonds they have created. Because of their resistance, their container has become corrupted and could kill them To save Mayuri's life, Raiga entered their spirit and destroyed the container within them After several days of rest, Mayuri awakened with their memories intact and Raiga smiled back in joy. This would begin a new chapter for the both of them and their story continues through Makai Tales and Moonbow Traveler.
Episodes
On April 4, 2014, TV Tokyo broadcast a special program titled .
Cast
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
:
Theme songs
Opening themes
Composition & Arrangement: Shiho Terada, Yoshichika Kuriyama, Yoichi Matsuo
Artist: Masaaki Endoh, Masami Okui, Hiroshi Kitadani
Lyrics & Composition: Hironobu Kageyama
Arrangement: Kenichi Sudō
Artist: JAM Project
Ending themes
Composition: Noriyasu Agematsu (Elements Garden)
Arrangement: Evan Call (Elements Garden)
Lyrics & Artist: Faylan
"my memory, your memory"
Lyrics & Composition: Masami Okui
Arrangement: Shiho Terada, Yoshichika Kuriyama
Artist: JAM Project
References
External links
Garo: Makai no Hana at TV Tokyo
Japanese horror fiction television series
Garo (TV series)
TV Tokyo original programming
2014 Japanese television series debuts
2014 Japanese television series endings
Tokusatsu television series
Martial arts television series
Bahamas Goombay Punch is a soft drink that is produced in the Bahamas by the Caribbean Bottling Company Bahamas Ltd., the main distributor of Coca-Cola products in the Bahamas. It is very sweet and has a high sugar content. The taste is also very strong and tastes like pineapple soda. Goombay Punch is widely available throughout The Bahamas in 12 fl oz cans as well as 20 fl oz bottles. 6-packs of the soft drink are also widely available. The soft drink comes in two varieties, Bahamas Goombay Punch (the stock pineapple-banana flavor) and Goombay Fruit Champagne. The regular flavor is yellow in color (see picture).
See also
Bahamian cuisine
Goombay
Goombay smash
References
Bahamian cuisine
Drink brands
Carbonated drinks
Giovanni Giorgio Bidone (19 January 1781, Casalnoceto, Piedmont - 25 August 1839, Turin, Kingdom of Savoy) was an Italian engineer, mathematician and an experimenter in the field of hydraulics.
Giorgio Bidone's parents were Alessandro Antonio Bidone and Margherita Malaspina. In 1782, when Giorgio was one year old, the family moved to Voghera where they were educated.
They then entered the Filipino College in Turin. Their plans to become a priest were abandoned because of new laws introduced by the French after Piedmont was annexed by Napoleon Bonaparte. They studied at Collegio delle Province as well as the University of Turin. They graduated in mathematics and hydraulic engineering at Turin at the age of 23 and two years later they graduated in civil engineering. They became a member of the Academy of Sciences of Turin in 1811 and was appointed professor of hydraulics in 1815. Their research was in mathematics on the solution of transcendental equations and also on definite integrals.
They performed experiments in the field of hydraulics at a laboratory at Parella, which had been established in 1763 by Francesco Domenico Michelotti. Their research focused on analysis and hydraulics. In 1820 they published a paper called Experiences sur le remou et sur la propagation des ondes, where they announced the hydrodynamic phenomenon known as the "hydraulic jump". This is how kinetic energy is dissipated when a fast flowing current reaches a slower current. This effect can be seen in both water and air.
In their hydraulic research they combined experiments with mathematical models. In their study of overflow they measured the upstream increase in height and the shape caused by an obstruction and then derived the equations for describing this effect.
In 1817, together with Ignazio Michelotti, who was supervisor of rivers and chief inspector of canals, they drafted the new laws concerning the waterways of the kingdom. This earned them the Civil Order of Merit of Savoy in 1839.
Between 1822-1823, they participated in an international collaboration to survey across the Alps to link their region with the rest of Western Europe and Eastern Europe.
Bidone also taught mathematics at the University of Turin and they were appointed professor of geometry. They became a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Italy.
Works
References
Italian Wikipedia
"Idraulici Italiani" by Mario Di Fidio & Claudio Gandolfi
1781 births
1839 deaths
Italian mathematicians
Engineers from Turin
Walter James Boston (22 April 1874 – 30 December 1968) was an Australian politician.
They were born at Adelong, New South Wales, to Daniel Boston, a wheelwright and coachbuilder, and Eliza Berryman. They attended the local public school before entering the family coachmaking firm, Boston Brothers. On 14 May 1896 they married May Smith; they would have seven children. Boston was also a local agent for the Australian Workers' Union, and in 1913 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the Labor member for Wagga Wagga. They lost the seat in 1917. Boston died at Randwick in 1968.
References
1874 births
1968 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Coachbuilders of Australia
Chhatreshwori () is a rural municipality located in Salyan District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
|name = Chhetriswori municipality salyan
|other_name =
|native_name =
External links
Official website
Populated places in Salyan District, Nepal
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
|nickname =
|settlement_type = Municipality
|motto =
|image_skyline =
|image_caption =
|image_flag =
|image_seal =
|image_map =
|mapsize =
|map_caption =
|pushpin_map = Nepal
|pushpin_label_position = bottom
|pushpin_mapsize = 300
|pushpin_map_caption = Location in Nepal
|subdivision_type = Country
|subdivision_name =
|subdivision_type1 = Zone
|subdivision_name1 = Rapti Zone
|subdivision_type2 = District
|subdivision_name2 = Salyan District
|
|government_footnotes =
Mike or Michael Whitaker may refer to:
Michael Whitaker, equestrian
Mike Whitaker (American football), in 2010 Fort Wayne FireHawks season
Mike Whitaker (swimmer)
See also
Michael Whittaker (disambiguation)
Horești may refer to several places in Moldova:
Horești, a commune in Fălești District
Horești, a commune in Ialoveni District
See also
Hora (disambiguation)
Horea (disambiguation)
Bessie Ayers Moody-Lawrence (February 14, 1941 – December 18, 2012) was an American politician.
Born in Chester County, South Carolina, Moody-Lawrence taught at Winthrop University. Moody-Lawrence then served in the South Carolina House of Representatives as a Democrat from 1993 to 2007 in York County, South Carolina. Moody-Lawrence died at their home in Rock Hill, South Carolina from brain cancer.
Notes
1941 births
2012 deaths
People from Rock Hill, South Carolina
People from Chester County, South Carolina
Winthrop University faculty
South Carolina Democrats
Women state legislators in South Carolina
Members of the South Carolina House of Representatives
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Monroe City Hall in Monroe, Georgia was built in 1939. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
It was designed by architects Daniel & Beutell in Art Deco style, and was built by John K. Davis & Son.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Georgia
Art Deco architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Government buildings completed in 1939
The National Sexual Violence Resource Center (NSVRC) is an American nonprofit organization that addresses the causes and impact of sexual violence through collaboration, prevention, and resources. Working in collaboration with state and territory sexual assault coalitions, representatives from underserved populations, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. Department of Justice's Office on Violence Against Women, and a host of community-based and national allied projects, NSVRC provides national leadership to address and prevent sexual violence.
Activities include providing training and technical assistance, giving referrals, consulting, participating in systems advocacy, creating online tools, curating a resource library, building capacity, integrating research findings with community-based projects, coordinating Sexual Assault Awareness Month, and sponsoring national conferences and events. NSVRC was founded by the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape in 2000.
Although based in the United States, the NSVRC offers technical assistance and resources that assist communities and programs on a global scale.
Resources
As a national information center, NSVRC collects and disseminates a wide range of resources on sexual violence including statistics, research, position statements, statutes, training curricula, prevention initiatives, and program information. Additionally, NSVRC develops print and online resources on a range of sexual violence-related topics including child sexual abuse, housing, workplace sexual violence, sexual violence in disasters, engaging bystanders in prevention, and building collaborative community responses.
Library
NSVRC houses the largest resource collection devoted to the topic of sexual violence and its prevention, with more than 44,000 unique titles. Although the NSVRC library does not out loan books or audiovisual materials, many resources are available upon request through interlibrary loan. The library shares scholarly journal articles, reports, and other resources with the public upon request. Through the online catalog, the collection is available worldwide to advocates, researchers, practitioners, and the general public.
Online learning campus
NSVRC's online learning campus provides free access to eLearning modules that educate about sexual violence prevention and response.
History
NSVRC opened in July 2000 as national information and resource hub relating to all aspects of sexual violence. Founded by the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape (the oldest anti-rape coalition in the country, founded in 1975) NSVRC is funded through a cooperative agreement from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Division of Violence Prevention.
Philosophy
NSVRC understands sexual violence to be an overarching term that includes an array of behaviors, both physical and non-physical, that constitute unwanted or age-inappropriate sexual activity and can impact people of any age, gender, race, religion, ethnicity, identity, etc. NSVRC believes sexual violence is rooted in power inequities and is connected to other forms of oppression including ableism, adultism, ageism, classism, heterosexism, racism, sexism, the basis of religion, and other constructs that value certain people or groups over others. NSVRC uses their national leadership position to promote a greater understanding of sexual violence and how to prevent it.
Structure
NSVRC staff are guided and assisted by a national Advisory Council committed to ending sexual violence. Council members serve a three-year term during which time they participate in quarterly conference calls, annual meetings, committee work, and provide consultation on a variety of topics as needed.
Fundraising
NSVRC offers two donation streams: one that directly supports their work, and another that supports sexual assault victims impacted by disasters. Donations to NSVRC support their work to create resources on sexual violence prevention, help facilitate technical assistance requests from coalitions, advocates, and others interested in understanding and eliminating sexual violence, and support efforts to prevent child sexual abuse.
The Relief Fund for Sexual Assault Victims aids sexual assault victim and advocacy programs impacted by disasters. All donations go directly to victims and programs.
Affiliates
Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape
The Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape (PCAR) is the oldest anti-rape coalition in the United States, working to eliminate all forms of sexual violence and advocating for the rights and needs of victims. Founded in 1975, PCAR works with a statewide network of 51 rape crisis centers serving all 67 counties to provide services to survivors of sexual violence.
RALIANCE
RALIANCE is a national partnership dedicated to ending sexual violence in one generation. It comprises NSVRC, the California Coalition Against Sexual Assault, and the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence.
Notable campaigns and programs
Sexual Assault Awareness Month
In the United States, April is typically designated as Sexual Assault Awareness Month (SAAM). The goal of SAAM is to raise public awareness about sexual violence and educate communities on how to prevent it. Since 2001 NSVRC has coordinated the national campaign theme and developed resources for organizations and individuals who wish to commemorate SAAM in their communities.
National Sexual Assault Conference
The National Sexual Assault Conference (NSAC) is a two-and-a-half-day, advocacy-based conference providing advanced training opportunities and information regarding sexual violence intervention and prevention. NSAC is an annual event that is organized on a rotating basis between NSVRC, the Pennsylvania Coalition Against Rape, and the California Coalition Against Sexual Assault.
National award programs
NSVRC supports two award programs:
The Visionary Voice Awards are given each April to individuals who have demonstrated outstanding work to end sexual violence.
The Gail Burns-Smith Award recognizes people who have made significant contributions to preventing sexual violence through their work to facilitate effective partnerships between advocates working on behalf of victims and survivors and those working in the area of sex offender management and treatment.
See also
List of anti-sexual assault organizations in the United States
References
External links
National Sexual Violence Resource Center
NSVRC Library
Sexual Assault Awareness Month
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 2000
Sexual abuse
Violence against women in the United States
Rape in the United States
Sexual abuse victims advocacy
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
2000 establishments in the United States
Yahşelli is a village in Menemen ilçe (district) of İzmir Province, Turkey.It is situated at to the south of the Gediz River (ancient Hermus). It is only east of Menemen. The population of Yahşelli was 4000 as of 2011.
The village suffered a great fire in August 2011 when more than 100 hectares of forestry was burned.
References
Villages in İzmir Province
Jatrorrhizine is a protoberberine alkaloid found in some plant species, such as Enantia chlorantha (Annonaceae). Synonyms that may be encountered include jateorrhizine, neprotin, jatrochizine, jatrorhizine, and yatrorizine.
Bioactive effects
Jatrorrhizine has been reported to have antiinflammatory effect, and to improve blood flow and mitotic activity in thioacetamide-traumatized rat livers. It was found to have antimicrobial and antifungal activity. It binds and noncompetitively inhibits monoamine oxidase (IC50 = 4 μM for MAO-A and 62 μM for MAO-B) It interferes with multidrug resistance by cancer cells in vitro when exposed to a chemotherapeutic agent. Large doses (50–100 mg/kg) reduced blood sugar levels in mice by increasing aerobic glycolysis.
Derivatives of jatrorrhizine (notably 3-alkoxy derivatives, and specifically 3-octyloxy 8-alkyljatrorrhizine derivatives such as 3-octyloxy 8-butyljatrorrhizine) have been synthesized and found to have much stronger antimicrobial effects.
References
Isoquinolinoisoquinolines
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Phenol ethers
Phenols
Isoquinoline alkaloids
The Gentle Storm is a Dutch musical project by singer and lyricist Anneke van Giersbergen and composer and musician Arjen Anthony Lucassen, founder and leader of other musical projects such as Star One, Ayreon, Guilt Machine and Ambeon. The duo has previously collaborated in Ayreon albums Into the Electric Castle and 01011001. The project's debut album, The Diary, was released on March 23, 2015 in Europe, and the following day in the US.
History
Formation and The Diary (2014–2016)
The project was unveiled on 22 April 2014 and was described by Lucassen as "an epic double concept album, a combination of 'classical meets metal' and 'acoustic folk'." Lucassen's most recurrent collaborator Ed Warby will be featured once again on drums, and it will be their very first album featuring a double bass among the instruments. They confirmed that Johan van Stratum from their former band Stream of Passion would play bass on the album. Also, due to "unforeseen problems", Warby had to re-record all their drum parts in one day only. Other former collaborators will be back, such as Joost van den Broek (piano), Ben Mathot (violin) and Maaike Peterse (cello), along with two new guest instrumentalists: Hinse Mutter (double bass) and Jenneke de Jonge (French horn).
On September 2, 2014, Lucassen revealed that their collaboration with van Giersbergen was actually a new band, called The Gentle Storm. They stated that van Giersbergen would perform live with band next year, possibly ruling themselves out of live shows.
On October 10, it was announced at The Gentle Storm's official Facebook profile that the album would be composed of two CDs with the same songs, but recorded in totally different arrangements. CD 1 will be "the 'Gentle' album, [...] all acoustic and folky with lots of exotic instruments", while CD2 will be "the 'Storm' album, [...] an all-out, bombastic orchestral metal album". The post also stated that there would be "plenty of progressive elements mixed in". The post invited fans to ask questions, and some of the answers revealed that the album is set for a March 2015 release, that the band will probably continue if the public reception is good enough and that the concept will be "a historic love-story". On 4 November, the album was revealed to be titled The Diary, with a cover art by Alexandra V. Bach, who also drew the art of A War of Our Own by Stream of Passion, another band started by Arjen, but that continued after they left it.
On January 20, 2015 the project released two lyric videos for both versions of the song "Endless Sea".
The Gentle Storm did a small-scale tour in April 2016, after which Lucassen and Van Giersbergen focused on other projects, including together in the Ayreon Universe series of concerts. Van Giersbergen subsequently created the band VUUR, mostly with live members of The Gentle Storm.
Personnel
Anneke van Giersbergen (ex-The Gathering) - lead vocals
Arjen Anthony Lucassen (Ayreon, Ambeon, Star One, Guilt Machine, ex-Stream of Passion) - guitars, keyboards, percussion, hammered dulcimer
Additional musicians
Ed Warby (Gorefest) - drums
Rob Snijders (Agua de Annique) - percussion
Johan van Stratum (Stream of Passion) - bass
Joost van den Broek (Star One, After Forever) - piano
Timo Somers (Delain, Vengeance) - guitar solo on "Heart of Amsterdam"
Ben Mathot - violin
Hinse Mutter - double bass
Maaike Peterse - cello
Jenneke de Jonge - French horn
Jeroen Goossens - wind instruments
Jack Pisters - sitar and coral
Micheal Mills - Irish bouzouki
Remco Helbers - surbahar
Nathanael van Zuilen - tabla
"Epic Rock Choir" - choir
Live lineup
Anneke van Giersbergen - vocals
Ferry Duijsens (Agua de Annique) - guitars
Merel Bechtold (Delain, MaYaN, Purest of Pain) - guitars
Johan van Stratum (Stream of Passion)- bass
Marcela Bovio (Stream of Passion) - backing vocal
Joost van den Broek - keyboards
Ed Warby - drums
Arjen Anthony Lucassen - acoustic guitar (only on a few dates)
Ruud Jolie (Within Temptation, Maiden UniteD, For All We Know) - Guitars (during South American tour)
Koen Herfst - drums (during South American tour)
Discography
Studio albums
The Diary (2015)
EPs
The Gentle Storm Exclusive Tour CD (2015)
References
Arjen Anthony Lucassen
Musical groups established in 2014
Heavy metal supergroups
Dutch progressive metal musical groups
2014 establishments in the Netherlands
Dutch musical duos
Dutch folk music groups
The yellow-browed tyrant (Satrapa icterophrys) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is monotypic within the genus Satrapa.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, and Venezuela, where its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, pastureland, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
yellow-browed tyrant
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Brazil
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
yellow-browed tyrant
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Riyadh Street Circuit is a street circuit located in the capital of Saudi Arabia, used for the Ad Diriyah ePrix of the FIA Formula E Championship. It held its first race on 15 December 2018, as the opening race of the 2018-19 FIA Formula E Championship.
History
In May 2018, ahead of the 2018 Berlin ePrix, it was announced that Formula E holdings had signed a deal with the Saudi Arabian government, for a race to be held in the outskirts of the Saudi Arabian capital of Riyadh, in the Ad Diriyah district for 10 years. The design was first unveiled on 25 September 2018 at the Governate of Diriyah, with the design calling for a long track.
Track Layout
The Final track layout was shortened to , and it features a distinctive second sector, with its tight corners being unique to the track in the Formula E Championship.
Before the 2021 race, the track was revised and resurfaced with reprofiling Turn 9, 13, 18, 19; and moving the start straight before the Turn 18.
Lap records
The official race lap records at the Riyadh Street Circuit are listed as:
References
Formula E circuits
Sport in Riyadh
Riyadh
Frederick James Hyland (16 December 1893 — 27 February 1964) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire. They were born in Battle and died in Hartford, Cheshire.
Hyland made a single first-class appearance, during the 1924 County Championship season, against Northamptonshire. However, the match was abandoned after two overs with just a single run on the board. Hyland fielded, but did not bat or bowl.
References
External links
1893 births
1964 deaths
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
People from Battle, East Sussex
Joseph Benjamin Smith (January 26, 1928 – December 2, 2019) was an American music industry executive.
Early life
Smith was born in Boston, Massachusetts and raised in Chelsea, Massachusetts. Their parents were Phil and Lil Smith. Smith joined the United States Army after graduating from high school in 1945 and served with the occupation forces in Okinawa.
Career
Smith attended Yale. After graduation, they became a sportscaster and later a DJ at WMEX and WBZ in Boston. Smith was hired as national promotion manager at Warner Bros. in 1961 and later served as the label's general manager. They were named President of Warner Bros. in 1972. In 1975, they became chairperson of Warner's sister company, Elektra/Asylum.
Smith briefly served as president of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences in 1986. They became vice chairperson and chief executive of Capitol-EMI that same year.
While at Capitol Records, Smith compiled 238 hours of recorded interviews with artists and executives. Excerpts from their recordings were included in their 1988 book Off the Record: An Oral History of Popular Music. In 2012, Smith donated these recordings to the Library of Congress.
Death
Smith died December 2, 2019 at the age of 91.
References
External links
Joe Smith Collection: Library of Congress
1928 births
2019 deaths
Businesspeople from Boston
Businesspeople from Los Angeles
Yale University alumni
American music industry executives
20th-century American businesspeople
Tribute to Caesar is a fresco measuring 502x536 cm by Andrea del Sarto and Alessandro Allori in the central hall of the villa medicea di Poggio a Caiano, Province of Prato, Italy. It dates to circa 1520 (first phase), and 1582 (second phase).
History
The work was commissioned in the 1520s when the villa was being totally redecorated and redesigned. The earliest surviving frescoes in the villa such as the lunette Vertumnus and Pomono by Pontormo, elegiacally evoke rural life, but the building's main theme instead became the glorification of the Medici family after it acquired the titles of Giuliano de' Medici, Duke of Nemours and Lorenzo de' Medici, Duke of Urbino in 1520.
Andrea del Sarto's work shows a laurel-wreathed Julius Caesar receiving ambassadors, with Caesar as a symbol or 'stand-in' for Lorenzo de' Medici. The animals brought by the ambassadors include (left background) the famous Medici giraffe, given to the family in 1487, possibly by Qaitbay, Sultan of Egypt.
The work was originally in a trompe-l'œil loggia enclosed with columns, but by 1575 this scheme had begun to look limiting and other scenes had been added to most of the walls. del Sarto's fresco was thus extended by about a third on its right-hand side in 1582 by Alessandro Allori, from the statue of Abundance to the child with a turkey on the steps. The other statues shown in the work are Judith with the Head of Holofernes (alluding to Donatello's Judith and Holofernes, a symbol of Florentine civic power in the Palazzo Vecchio) and Justice (upper right).
References
Paintings by Andrea del Sarto
Fresco paintings in Tuscany
1520s paintings
1582 paintings
Paintings depicting Julius Caesar
Dinah Shurey (17 June 1888 – 1963) was a British film producer and director of the late 1920s.  They are most famously known for their 1929 film The Last Post. Additional credits to their name include Afraid of Love (1925), Second to None (1926), Every Mother's Son (1926), Carry On (1927). Shurey often calls upon themes surrounding the British war within their films, tending to take on a more melodramatic narrative style.
Early life
Born in 1888 into a comfortable middle-class family, Shurey's father Harry was a magazine and penny paper publisher. Some of Edgar Wallace's Sanders of the River stories first appeared in Harry Shurey's magazine The Weekly Tale Teller which was published from 8 May 1909 to 29 April 1916 (365 issues).
During the First World War, Dinah Shurey worked for the French Red Cross as a canteen worker. Due to overexertion, Shurey was dismissed from duty and sent home. They later worked with actor-manager Lena Ashwell to organise concerts for troops on the Western Front. After the war, Shurey managed the acting couple Eva Moore and Henry V. Esmond.
Film career
Shurey's film career began with Teddington Film Company, for which they worked in a number of roles, graduating to assistant film director.
In May 1924, Shurey founded their own film production company, Britannia Films and in 1929 their own distribution company Showman Films. Shurey was the only female British film director of their day. Britannia made five films, two of which, Carry On and The Last Post Shurey directed herself.
Them wartime experiences instilled in Shurey a fascination of melodramatic and militaristic British experiences, which scholar Bibi Berki stated foreshadowed the majority of their filmography, including films such as Carry On! and The Last Post. Berki further suggests that it was for their films Second to None and Carry On!, which both deal with the military experience within the First World War, that Shurey borrowed warships from the British military.
According to Berki, Shurey's dedication to their filming process was expressed in their interview with Banbury Advertiser in 1927, in which they described the making of Second to None. They were forced, as the producer, to not only lower themselves down through a manhole but also their entire crew with their equipment :
The Last Post (1929)
For their second venture into directing Shurey co-wrote with Lydia Hayward, who was a consistent collaborator on Shurey's films. The Last Post is often cited by critics as Shurey's most controversial film. The film describes the story of twin brothers during the First World War who get wrapped up with the Bolshevik General Strike while both pursuing the same woman. Them intention was to produce a film that commented on the British war sentiment during the First World War.
Court Case
However, while Shurey's films were generally well-received by the public, critics disagreed, gaining the attention of Nerina Shute, a columnist for the Film Weekly. On June 10, 1929 Film Weekly published an article titled “Can Women Direct Films? A Decided Negative From A Woman Who Knows.” The article stated:The article raised questions as to whether or not women could successfully create a film that held the same standard as men, arguing that, using Shurey's filmography, women could not.
Angered by the publication, Shurey suggested they write a piece in the Film Weekly as a direct response to their critics titled, “Women Can Direct Films - From a Woman Who Knows.” Publishers refused to allow them to name Nerina Shute directly, resulting in Shurey's decision to take legal action and take their case to the High Court.
In February 1931, Shurey sued Film Weekly for libel, arguing that the article stated that their work was without value and proving that women could not produce a film. Film Weekly disagreed arguing they were entitled to their opinion, and that their conclusions were proved through the viewing of their films.
The case was put to the jury, who awarded Shurey £500 in damages.
No prints of The Last Post are known to survive and the film is one of the top ten films on the British Film Institute's most wanted list of lost British films.
Paul Rotha compared Shurey to Harry Bruce Woolfe, calling them "an upstanding Empire loyalist" who "had made some quite atrocious films".
Filmography
Afraid of Love (1925)
Second to None (1926)
Every Mother's Son (1926)
Carry On (1927)
The Last Post (1929)
References
External links
Women and Silent British Cinema
1963 deaths
British film directors
1888 births
British women film producers
British film producers
British women film directors
Women film pioneers
20th-century British businesspeople
Penrhyn is a in the community of Llanfair-yn-Neubwll, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 135.6 miles (218.1 km) from Cardiff and 221.5 miles (356.4 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
This article refers to the Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina, a Dayton Peace Agreement institution; it should not be confused with the separate International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is a criminal court of the United Nations (UN).
The Human Rights Chamber for Bosnia and Herzegovina (), which was active between March 1996 and 31 December 2003, was a judicial body established in Bosnia and Herzegovina within the Annex 6 to the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina (Dayton Peace Agreement).
Structure
The Chamber had the mandate to consider alleged or apparent violations of human rights as provided in the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and the Protocols thereto, and alleged or apparent discrimination arising in the enjoyment of the rights and freedoms provided for in the Convention and 15 other international agreements listed in the Appendix to Annex 6 of the Dayton Peace Agreement. Particular priority was given to allegations of especially severe or systematic violations, as well as those founded on alleged discrimination on prohibited grounds.
The applicants
The Chamber was receiving applications concerning such human rights violations directly from any Party to Annex 6 of the Dayton Peace Agreement or from any person, non-governmental organisation or group of individuals claiming to be the victim of a violation by any Party or acting on behalf of alleged victims who are deceased or missing.
Jurisdiction of the Chamber
The Chamber was only receiving applications concerning matters which are within the responsibility of one of the Parties to Annex 6 (the State of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the Republika Srpska), and which occurred or continued after entry into force of the Dayton Peace Agreement on 14 December 1995.
The judges of the Chamber
The Chamber was composed of 14 judges. Four members were appointed by the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and two by the Republika Srpska. The remaining eight members were internationals appointed by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe. The President of the Chamber, Ms. Michèle Picard, a French national, was designated by the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe from among the international members. The members appointed are all distinguished lawyers and bring to the Chamber a wide variety of experience in different backgrounds including the judiciary, the academic sphere, private legal practice, administration and politics, and international, criminal and human rights law.
The composition of the Human Rights Chamber was:
Prof. Dr. Rona Aybay (Turkish)
Dr. Hasan Balić (Bosnian)
Mr. Mehmed Deković (Bosnian)
Prof. Dr. Giovanni Grasso (Italian)
Mr. Andrew William Grotrian (British)
Mr. Želimir Juka (Bosnian)
Prof.Dr. Viktor Masenko-Mavi (Hungarian)
Mr. Jakob Möller (Icelandic)
Prof. Dr. Manfred Nowak (Austrian)
Mr. Miodrag Pajić (Bosnian)
Ms. Michèle Picard (French)
Prof. Dr. Vitomir Popović (Bosnian)
Prof. Dr. Dietrich Rauschning (German)
Mr. Mato Tadić (Bosnian)
The admissibility criterion
Under the terms of Annex 6 of the Dayton Peace Agreement, when the Chamber receives an application it must decide whether to accept or reject it, taking into account a number of criteria listed in Article VIII. These criteria include:
(a) whether effective remedies exist, and the applicant has demonstrated that they have been exhausted and that the application has been filed with the Chamber within six months from such date on which the final decision was taken;
(b) whether the application is substantially the same as a matter that the Chamber has already examined;
(c) whether the application is incompatible with the Human Rights Agreement, manifestly ill-founded, or an abuse of the right of petition; and
(d) whether the application concerns a matter currently pending before another international human rights body or another Commission established by the Dayton Peace Agreement.
The procedure of the Chamber
The Chamber's procedures was modeled on those of the European Court of Human Rights. Unless the Chamber decides at the outset that an application is inadmissible or should be struck out, written observations are requested from the applicant and respondent Party, after which the Chamber deliberates and decides on a case. In addition to the written procedure, the Chamber may decide to schedule a public hearing for oral argument by the parties and submission of evidence by witnesses and experts. The Chamber may also invite written or oral amicus curiae submissions. If the Chamber finds a violation, it may, in its written decision on the merits, issue an order indicating the steps that the respondent Party must take to remedy the breach, including orders to cease and desist or grant monetary relief. At any stage of the proceedings, it may also order provisional measures or attempt to facilitate an amicable resolution based on respect for human rights.
The implementation of the decisions
The decisions of the Chamber were final and binding and the respondent Parties are obligated to implement them fully. Chamber decisions on the merits are forwarded to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) and the Office of the High Representative (OHR) for monitoring of compliance.
The expiration of the mandate of the Chamber
According to the Agreement Pursuant to Article XIV of Annex 6 to the General Framework Agreement for Peace in Bosnia and Herzegovina entered into by the Parties on 22 and 25 September 2003, the Human Rights Chamber's mandate expired on 31 December 2003. This Agreement established the Human Rights Commission to operate between 1 January 2004 and 31 December 2004 within the Constitutional Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The Human Rights Commission has jurisdiction to consider pending cases received by the Human Rights Chamber on or before 31 December 2003; after 1 January 2004, new cases alleging human rights violations are to be decided by the Constitutional Court.
References
National human rights institutions
Human rights organizations based in Bosnia and Herzegovina
1996 establishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
2003 disestablishments in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Eriophyes laevis is a gall mite which makes small, pimple-like galls on the leaves of alder (Alnus species). The mite was first described by the Austrian zoologist, Alfred Nalepa in 1889 and is found in Europe and North America.
Description of the gall
Eriophyes laevis makes small, more or less, pimple-like galls, up to 2 mm in diameter. They can cover most of the leaf which can restrict growth. Each gall has a narrow opening on the underside of the leaf. The galls are green at first but usually become purple or red later in the year. The mites leave the gall in autumn and spend the winter in empty alder cones or bark crevices.
Species of tree galled include common alder (Alnus glutinosa), grey alder (Alnus incana) & subsp. rugosa + tenuifolia, x pubescens, red alder (Alnus rubra) and green alder (Alnus alnobetula). Leaves are occasionally infected by both this species and Eriophyes inangulis. Identification of gall mites on alder is tentative and the mites need to be examined for positive identification.
Inquiline
Diptacus sacramentae are mites found on the underside of leaves and also live commensally in the gall as an inquiline. D. sacramentae can also occur as an inquiline of E. inangulis.
Distribution
The mite is found in Europe and the United States of America.
References
External links
Aphotofauna
Eriophyidae
Animals described in 1889
Arachnids of Europe
Arachnids of North America
Galls
Taxa named by Alfred Nalepa
Eldar Sattarov is a contemporary writer from Kazakhstan. They were born in 1973 in Almaty of a Vietnamese father and a Tatar mother. In the early 1990s they sang in the first punk rock bands of their country. Former factory worker and then journalist, they started translating and writing in 2000. The books they translated from English, French, Spanish and Italian published in Moscow include authors as diverse as Guy Debord, Raoul Vaneigem, Antonin Artaud, Francisco Ferrer, Giorgio Agamben, Jacques Camatte etc. Sattarov's first novel, Losing Our Streets, about teenage street gangs and drug addiction in the 1980s Almaty, published in 2010, was sold in Russia, Kazakhstan and Ukraine, generating positive feedback from literary critics and readership. Their second book, Transit. Saigon-Almaty, published in Kazakhstan in 2015 and later re-published in Russia under a new title Chao Vietnam in 2018, a historical novel about Indochina wars, was short-listed for the National Bestseller award in Russia and took the second place in the final, making Sattarov the first ever Central Asian author to enter the final of Russia's major literary award since the dissolution of the USSR. Their third novel The Thread of Time dedicated to a journey of the left-wing idea in the XX century from Antonio Gramsci and Amadeo Bordiga through situationists and up to the author's personal meetings with Gilles Dauvé and Jacques Camatte, has gained them a reputation of a "Russia's Jello Biafra". Apart from Russian, Sattarov also writes in English. Their short story "Mountain Maid" was published in Singapore and UK, as a part of "Eurasian Monsters" collection edited by Margret Helgadottir. Currently lives between Kazan (Russia) and Almaty (Kazakhstan).
See also
Russian literature
References
1973 births
Living people
Kazakhstani male writers
Kazakhstani people of Vietnamese descent
Kazakhstani people of Tatar descent
Kazakhstani journalists
20th-century Kazakhstani writers
Kazakhstani translators
Kazakhstani expatriates in Russia
20th-century Kazakhstani male singers
21st-century Kazakhstani writers
in Tokyo, Japan is a Japanese academic and author. Emeritus Professor at Keio University since 2009, they are an authority on medieval English literature and medieval English manuscript studies and a collector of antiquarian books.
As Director of Keio University's Humanities Media Interface Project (HUMI) they have led the digital documentation, facsimile reproduction, and distribution of many rare medieval books and manuscripts including the Gutenberg Bible and Chaucer's Canterbury Tales.
Early life and education
Takamiya was born in Tokyo in 1944. They graduated from Keio University with a BA in Economics in 1966 and subsequently studied at the same university for both a BA and MA in English Literature, graduating in 1968 and 1970 respectively.
Academic research and professional positions
Under Takamiya's direction, the HUMI team at Keio University has made digital reproductions of sixteen sets of the Gutenberg Bible at seven institutions, including in 2000, both full-text facsimiles held in the collection of the British Library. The high resolution images have facilitated comparative bibliographical research on early movable type printing methods and are available for public access on the respective library websites.
Since 1986 Takamiya has been a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries of London. Professor Takamiya has been awarded honorary degrees by the University of Sheffield (1998) and the University of Glasgow (2011).
From 2000 to 2004 Takamiya served as a trustee of the New Chaucer Society.
In 2004 a festschrift was published in their honor: The Medieval Book and a Modern Collector: essays in honour of Toshiyuki Takamiya. Cambridge: D. S. Brewer .
Loan to the Beinecke Library
In 2013 Takamiya deposited on long term loan their private collection of rare medieval books and manuscripts at Yale University's Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library. Assembled over 40 years, the collection includes 51 items, including three copies of Chaucer's Canterbury Tales, a copy of Chaucer's A Treatise on the Astrolabe, and several Wycliffe's Bibles.
References
External links
Interviewed by Alan Macfarlane 19 October 2009 (video)
1944 births
Living people
Keio University faculty
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Fellows of the Society of Antiquaries of London
English literature academics
Perkinstown is an unincorporated community located in the town of Grover, Taylor County, Wisconsin, United States. Perkinstown is located on County Highway M in the Chequamegon National Forest, east-northeast of Gilman.
History
Logging began in the area around the 1860s. The first homesteaders staked their claims nearby in 1882. In 1892 Shaws started a leather tannery in Perkinstown, using hemlock bark from the surrounding forests, and for a time dumping the waste sludge in Kathryn Lake. By 1893 the town had six saloons. In 1900 the tannery shut down. In 1933 the Perkinstown CCC Camp opened nearby, and helped build the Winter Sports Area, among other projects.
References
Further reading
More details on history are in Mary Schultz's compilation, in the references above.
Unincorporated communities in Taylor County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
The Battle of Charleston was an engagement on September 13, 1862, near Charleston in Kanawha County, Virginia (now West Virginia), during the Kanawha Valley Campaign of the American Civil War. It should not be confused with the Battle of Charleston (1861), which occurred a year earlier in Missouri.
During the summer of 1862, General William W. Loring's Department of Southwestern Virginia (Confederate States of America) made plans to move into the Kanawha Valley of western Virginia and take the city of Charleston after General Cox and the Kanawha Division left the Kanawha Valley to help the Union Army in the battles at South Mountain and Sharpsburg (Antietam), Maryland. Colonel Joseph Andrew Jackson Lightburn was left in command of the Union forces that remained that included the 4th WV INF, 8th WV INF, 9th WV INF, 13th WV INF, 2nd WV CAV, 80th Kanawha Co. Militia, 16th Ohio INF, 34th Ohio INF, 37th Ohio INF, 44th Ohio INF, 47th Ohio INF, 89th Ohio INF, 91st Ohio INF, 1st East Tennessee CAV, 49th Indiana INF and the 84th Indiana INF.
On September 6, 1862, General Loring, with 5,000 men, left Narrows, Virginia on a march toward Charleston. They included the 22nd VA INF, 23rd Battalion VA INF, 26th Battalion VA INF, 30th Battalion VA Sharpshooters, 36th VA INF, 45th VA INF, 50th VA INF, 51st VA INF, 60th VA INF, 63rd VA INF, Bryan's Battery, Chapman's Battery, Lowrys Battery, Oleys Battery, Stamps Battery, 8th VA CAV, 14th VA CAV, 17th VA CAV, 36th Battalion VA CAV, Jenkins CAV and Floyd's Scouts. The Confederate troops first encountered Union forces near Fayetteville on September 10, driving them back toward Charleston. The pursuit continued all day on September 11, with the Federals splitting their forces near Gauley's Bridge on both sides of the Kanawha River, the Confederates doing the same while in hot pursuit. Lt Joel Abbott of the 8th Va Cavalry, from a point above the cliffs and down a long point on Cotton Hill and under General Loring's orders, destroys Gauley Bridge and an ammo stock pile at the mouth of Zoll's hollow. Lt Abbott abandons their cannon on the side slope of Cotton Hill in a deep ravine due to the steepness of the terrain upon trying to return to the top of the hill (Relic hunters still search for this cannon). McCausland continued their pursuit on September 12 from about 5 miles below the Kanawha Falls to within 15 miles of Charleston, skirmishing with the Federals and battling fallen timber cut in their path along the way. By late afternoon on September 13, the Battle for Charleston had begun and was over by 7:30 p.m. when Loring's troops broke off the engagement at the Elk River where the Union forces had destroyed the bridge once they had crossed. McCausland was able to find a ford to cross the Elk River near present day Mink Shoals later in the day but was only able to get their cavalry across. The Union forces withdrew across the Kanawha River overnight to Point Pleasant, leaving Charleston to be occupied by the Confederate forces.
The occupation of Charleston by the Confederates lasted six weeks, until October 28, 1862, when Loring's troops began withdrawing under the threat of 12,000 Union soldiers, including several West Virginia infantry, cavalry and artillery regiments, approaching from the northeast counties. The city was occupied without opposition by the Union.
Excerpt from John D. Chapla's history of the 50th Virginia Infantry:
Reaching Colonel John McCausland at Dickerson's farm, Loring ordered McCausland to take charge of Echols' Brigade -- Echols being sick -- as well as the 22nd and 36th Virginia regiments, two artillery batteries, and Major Salyer's cavalry detachment. With this force, McCausland was to cross the Kanawha and push on to Charleston. McCausland crossed the Kanawha at Montgomery's Ferry and, with Salyer's cavalry leading, began their pursuit. By the end of the day McCausland had stopped federal efforts to burn the salt furnaces and went into camp four miles from the ferry. On September 12, McCausland again pressed forward, with the federals attempting to block the roads by felling trees. Although McCausland's lead elements and sharpshooters tried to interrupt this delaying action, it appears to have been somewhat successful. McCausland at some points fell up to three hours behind the fleeing federals. They camped that night 15 miles from Charleston."
McCausland resumed their pursuit on September 13, moving through Camp Piatt (now Belle) and Maiden to the outskirts of Charleston. Making contact with Union skirmishers near the Elk River, McCausland deployed their brigade about 3 p.m., with the 23rd Virginia Battalion in front as skirmishers and the 22nd, 50th, and 63rd Virginia (left to right) deployed online behind the skirmishers. The 36th Virginia was in reserve. McCausland pushed forward with their left moving through the town until they reached the Elk River and discovered that the federals had retreated across the river, destroying the only bridge over it. As McCausland probed during the next several hours for crossing points, they skirmished heavily with the Union forces drawn up across from him. "The firing was terrific, and the old 50th was gallantly through the yards and fields of Charleston under a galling fire of grape shot and musket balls," an anonymous officer in the regiment reported."
Although McCausland was ultimately able to get their cavalry across the Elk at a ford two miles east of Charleston, they found that ford impassable for their infantry and artillery. In the end, darkness halted the fight for the brigade about 7:30 p.m. McCausland moved their troops to eat and rest as the Union garrison began a retreat out of the town."
References
Synopsis of information contained in 50th Virginia Infantry, Regimental History; John D. Chapla, ©1997 H.E. Howard, Lynchburg, VA, pages 50–58.
“The Battle of Charleston and the 1862 Kanawha Valley Campaign” by Terry Lowry, 35th Star Publishing 2016
External links
West Virginia History
Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies - Report of Major J. Floyd King
Official Records of the Union and Confederate Armies - Report of Colonel John McCausland
Clio tour of Civil War sites around Charleston, WV.
Charleston 1862, Battle Of
Charleston 1862, Battle Of
Kanawha County, West Virginia
Charleston 1862
1862 in the American Civil War
1862 in Virginia
September 1862 events
Trioceros hanangensis, the Mount Hanang dwarf chameleon or Mount Hanang chameleon, is a species of chameleon found in Tanzania.
References
Trioceros
Reptiles described in 2010
Taxa named by Wolfgang Böhme (herpetologist)
Reptiles of Tanzania
Trees 4 Children is a cooperative charitable effort between the Make A Mark Foundation and the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, in which forestry principles are utilized to provide an investible model for economic growth through land development.
The organization is the brainchild of American entrepreneur and philanthropist John M. Noel. In 2006, Noel's Make A Mark Foundation partnered with the UWSP College of Natural Resources in an attempt to apply business solutions to sustainability and subsistence problems in Kenya.
Since its inception, the non-profit organization has been focused on growing and processing trees for lumber to help contribute to the financial self-sustainability of the Nyumbani Village in Kitui, Kenya, a village which supports more than 1,000 HIV/AIDS-affected children and elders. Noel worked in conjunction with local officials to persuade the Kenyan government to donate land to the village in which to plant. Trees 4 Children works with villagers and students and faculty from the UWSP College of Natural Resources to produce innovative crop planning and planting strategies. The students and teachers analyze each year's results and can then suggest changes to the crop selection, planting frequency, and planting and harvesting techniques for maximum yield.
In Nyumbani, Trees 4 Children has helped the villagers plant more than 50,000 trees on the village's 700 acres. The goal is to plant 600 trees per acre, with 75 percent of the trees being melia, a fast-growing relative of mahogany. Senna, leucaena, and several species of acacia are planted for timber, nitrogen fixation and fuel, while sapota, java plum, tamarind, and guava are planted for fruit.
In 2012 and 2013 UWSP students worked with villagers on the development of food forests. In the food forest, manure and daily irrigation are utilized to grow vegetables and encourage tree growth, while the partial shade and windbreak provided by the trees boosts yields of kale, carrots, onions, cilantro, peppers, pumpkins, passionfruit, and papayas.
Food and wood not used by the village can be sold, and the proceeds used for village improvements.
Each year, Trees 4 Children plants 30,000 new Melia trees at Nyumbani. Once mature, these trees will generate an annual profit of over $700,000 (based on current monetary value) through harvesting and selling the lumber, which will exceed the operating costs of village. The first crop of trees was planted in 2008, and will be ready for harvest in 2018. Until then, villagers will sell the seedlings of the trees to neighboring villages to raise money and awareness for the project.
With the initial harvest of Melia trees several years away, Trees 4 Children is also working in Nyumbani on the Sunflower Project. Sunflowers are being grown for cooking oil to eliminate villagers' dependence on purchased oil, and to generate revenue from sales of excess oil.
For the next phase of the project, Trees 4 Children will help villagers teach residents of surrounding areas how to replicate the agroforestry initiative. Long-term goals are to standardize processes and techniques and to expand the initiative across Africa and Asia.
References
University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point
Forestry in Kenya
Agricultural organisations based in Kenya
Agroforestry
Foreign charities operating in Kenya
Chân Không (born 1938) is an expatriate Vietnamese Buddhist Bhikkhunī (nun) and peace activist who has worked closely with Thích Nhất Hạnh in starting the Plum Village Tradition and helping conduct spiritual retreats internationally.
Early life
Chân Không was born Cao Ngoc Phuong in 1938 in Bến Tre, French Indochina in the center of the Mekong Delta. As the eighth of nine children in a middle-class family, their father taught them and their siblings the value of work and humility. They quote their father as saying: "...never bargain with a poor farmer because for you a few dong may not be much, but for them it is enough to support their children."
Education
In 1958 they enrolled in the University of Saigon to study biology. They were also involved in political action, becoming the student leader at the University, spending much of their time helping the poor and sick in the slums of the city.
They first met Thích Nhất Hạnh in 1959 and considered them their spiritual teacher. In 1963 they left for Paris to finish their degree in biology which was awarded in 1964.
They returned to Vietnam later that year and joined Thích Nhất Hạnh in founding the Van Hanh University.
Youth and Social Service
Chân Không was central in the foundation and many of the activities of the Youth and Social Service (SYSS) which organized medical, educational and agricultural facilities in rural Vietnam during the war. At one stage the SYSS involved over 10,000 young peace workers who rebuilt many villages ravaged by the fighting. When Thích Nhất Hạnh returned to the United States, Chân Không ran the day-to-day operations.
Order of Interbeing
On February 5, 1966 Chân Không was ordained as one of the first six members of the Order of Interbeing, sometimes called the "Six Cedars". Following their ordination, they were given the name Sister Chân Không, True Emptiness. In explaining the meaning of the name, they say: "In Buddhism, the word 'emptiness' is a translation of the Sanskrit sunyata. It means 'empty of a separate self.' It is not a negative or despairing term. It is a celebration of interconnectedness, of interbeing. It means nothing can exist by itself alone, that everything is inextricably interconnected with everything else. I know that I must always work to remember that I am empty of a separate self and full of the many wonders of this universe, including the generosity of my grandparents and parents, the many friends and teachers who have helped and supported me along the path, and you dear readers, without whom this book could not exist. We inter-are, and therefore we are empty of an identity that is separate from our interconnectedness."
The Order of Interbeing was to be composed of monks, nuns, laypeople, and laywomen. The first six ordainees were free to choose whether they preferred to live and practice as formal monastics or as laypersons. The first three women chose to live celibate lives like nuns, although they didn't shave their heads, while the three men chose to marry and practice as lay Buddhists. Among the three women was Nhat Chi Mai, known for their active participation in the group "Youth Serving Society" who taught within various orphanages and immolated themselves in 1967 for peace.
From 1969 to 1972 Chân Không worked with Thích Nhất Hạnh in Paris organizing the Buddhist Peace Delegation which campaigned for peace in Vietnam. They then worked with Thích Nhất Hạnh to establish the first the Sweet Potato community near Paris, then Plum Village Monastery in 1982. Chân Không accompanied and assisted Thích Nhất Hạnh when they traveled. In addition, they have organized relief work for those in need in Vietnam, by coordinating relief food parcels for poor children and medicine for the sick, and has helped organize activities at Plum Village.
Sister Chân Không ordained as a nun by Thích Nhất Hạnh in 1988 on [Vulture Peak], in India.
During the three-month return to Vietnam (January to early April, 2005), Thích Nhất Hạnh spoke to thousands of people throughout the country - bureaucrats, politicians, intellectuals, street vendors, taxi drivers, artists. In addition to Thich Thích Nhất Hạnh's Dharma talks, Sister Chân Không also taught and conducted additional mindfulness practices. They led the crowds in singing Plum Village songs, chanting, and leading "total relaxation" sessions. Other times, it was their simple application of Vietnamese heritage to modern ways of life that appealed to the people they met. During Tết (Vietnamese new year) celebrations in February, they performed an "oracle reading" for hundreds of Buddhist followers.
Declaration of Religious Leaders Against Modern day slavery
In 2014, for the first time in history major Anglican, Catholic, and Orthodox Christian leaders, as well as Jewish, Muslim, Hindu, and Buddhist leaders (including Chân Không, representing Thích Nhất Hạnh), met to sign a shared commitment against modern-day slavery; the declaration they signed calls for the elimination of slavery and human trafficking by the year 2020.
Autobiography
Chân Không wrote their autobiography, Learning True Love: How I Learned & Practiced Social Change in Vietnam in 1993.
Bibliography
Learning True Love: How I Learned & Practiced Social Change in Vietnam, 1993, Parallax Press, Berkeley, CA, .
Be Free Where You Are, Thích Nhất Hạnh, foreword by Chân Không, Parallax Press, 2005, .
Drops of Emptiness, Thích Nhất Hạnh and Chân Không, Sounds True Direct, 1998, ASIN B00000379W.
The Present Moment: A Retreat on the Practice of Mindfulness, Thích Nhất Hạnh and Chân Không, Sounds True, 1994, .
Touching the Earth: The Five Prostrations and Deep Relaxation, Thích Nhất Hạnh and Chân Không, Sounds True, 1997,
Beginning Anew: Four Steps to Renewing Communication, Chân Không, introduction by Thích Nhất Hạnh, Parallax Press, 2014,
See also
Buddhism in America
Buddhism in France
Buddhism in Vietnam
ONE: The Movie
Women in Buddhism
References
External links
One: The Movie (2005) Sister Chân Không taking part as well as Thích Nhất Hạnh and others
Thiền Buddhists
Plum Village Tradition
1938 births
Living people
Buddhist pacifists
Vietnamese Buddhist nuns
Nonviolence advocates
Vietnamese pacifists
Women in war in Vietnam
Women in warfare post-1945
Zen Buddhist spiritual teachers
People from Bến Tre Province
20th-century Buddhist nuns
21st-century Buddhist nuns
21st-century Vietnamese women
B flow may refer to:
B-flow mode of medical ultrasonography
B'Flow, stage name of Brian Mumba Kasoka Bwembya, a dancehall and hip hop artist
St. Anthony Catholic School is a private, Roman Catholic coeducational school located in the Monte Vista Historic District in Midtown San Antonio, Texas, United States. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Antonio.
History
St. Anthony Catholic School was founded in 1907 by the Sisters of Divine Providence. The main school building, referred to as "Old Main", was constructed in 1908. The school's Robert C. Benson Memorial Library was purchased in 1948 and was originally used as a dormitory. By 1954, student boarding was eliminated and the building was used in an expansion to accommodate the growing enrollment. The two-story home at the corner of W. Mulberry Avenue and Howard Street was purchased in 1962 to house the school's kindergarten program. Today, this facility houses the school's Katherine Ryan Program with students ranging from Pre-K3 through kindergarten.
In 1985, St. Anthony Catholic School was slated to close by the end of the school year. Through the efforts of a group of parents, alumni, and other stakeholders, St. Anthony remained open with an initial enrollment of 107 students ranging from pre-kindergarten through 8th grade. The school was ultimately purchased from the Sisters of Divine Providence in 1987, and the following year St. Anthony joined the Brainpower Connection of the University of the Incarnate Word. In conjunction with this collaboration, the Katherine Ryan Early Childhood Program (KRP) was relocated from the university campus to the St. Anthony campus.
In 2012, St. Anthony expanded its footprint with the construction of its state of the art middle school building, the Larry J. Benson Center for Academic Excellence, located directly across Huisache Avenue from Old Main.
Beginning with the 2019-2020 school year, a Spanish Immersion program called LISTA (Language Immersion at St. Anthony) was added for grade Pre-K3 through Kindergarten. The bilingual language education program features Spanish immersion enrichment education in the core academic subjects and will follow the 2019-20 Kindergarten cohort thorough the 5th grade by the 2025-26 school year.
Notable students and alumni
Tom C. Frost - Frost Bank chairperson emeritus
Justin Rodriguez - Bexar County Commissioner, Precinct 2 & Former State Representative, Texas House of Representatives District 125
Robert Rodriguez - Filmmaker, Director
Whitley Strieber - Author
Patricia Vonne - Singer/Actress
James Salaiz - New York-based ceramicist and sculptor
Sabrina Dupré - CMO, OneTen and former Director of Global Corporate Communications for The Estée Lauder Companies
Sonya Medina Williams - Board Director, Papa John's and former Deputy Assistant to the President for Domestic Policy for George W. Bush
Thomas Aguillon - Rey Feo LXXII (2020-2021), Fiesta San Antonio
References
External links
School website
Catholic elementary schools in Texas
Private K–8 schools in Texas
Educational institutions established in 1907
Schools in San Antonio
Catholic elementary schools in the United States
1907 establishments in Texas
Rusty's Real Deal Baseball is a free-to-play baseball video game published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS eShop. It was released in Japan in August 2013 and in North America in April 2014, although it is not available in Europe.
Gameplay
The game features baseball themed minigames, which can be purchased individually at Rusty Slugger's store, called "Rusty Slugger's Sport Shack". The player is given a free demo of one of the minigames, but will eventually need to pay for them. While each minigame is paid through microtransactions, players can haggle with Rusty to purchase the games for a lower price. Playing the minigames will reward players with items that can be used to haggle with Rusty, which Rusty will accept and used to fix their life problems. One of Rusty's children will tell you if the price can not be lowered any further, and if a player chooses an ineffective option of dialogue, they can reset Rusty's mood with a donut for a better approach. Players can compare minigame score with other player via Spotpass.
The game will intentionally keep players from trying to purchase the games for full price, but can still be purchased after multiple warnings. When a player pays for full price, Rusty's past mentor Pappy Van Poodle will give them the items awarded from the minigames instead.
Development
Rusty's Real Deal Baseball was announced in a Nintendo Direct in 2014. According to Satoru Iwata, the concept of the game was created with the theme of "good feelings". The game's release date was announced via Twitter, and released in Japan in August 2013 and in North America in April 2014.
Reception
The game received generally favorable reviews, scoring a 74/100 on Metacritic.
The game was praised for the characters and humorous writing. Scott Thompson from IGN called the game "uncharacteristically dark" and "surprisingly funny". Chris Carter from Destructoid liked Rusty's unique dialogue and multiple choices of writing during haggling portions of the game. They appreciated Rusty's characteristics and storyline, and believed the game had "awkward silliness".
Notes
References
External links
2013 video games
Minigame compilations
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo 3DS-only games
Baseball video games
Free-to-play video games
Nintendo games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Kenji Yamamoto (composer, born 1964)
Bursadella grammatistis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on New Guinea.
The wingspan is about 33 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with ochreous-white markings. There is a streak beneath the costa from the base to two-fifths and a fine dorsal streak from near the base to near the tornus. All veins are marked by strong streaks, not quite reaching the margin, posteriorly terminating in a curved submarginal streak which is the broadest opposite the apex. A violet-metallic line is found along the termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base. There is also a suffused whitish streak along the upper half of the termen.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The 2010 USA - Brazil Challenge was held February 5–7, 2010 at the Grafton Curling Club in Grafton, North Dakota. The challenge pitted the Brazilian National Curling Team against the Pete Fenson rink of Bemidji, Minnesota, representing the United States. The winning team represented the second Americas team at the 2010 Capital One World Men's Curling Championship.
The series was a best-of-five.
Teams
Results
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
External links
Results
USA-Brazil Challenge
2010 in American sports
Walsh County, North Dakota
Curling competitions in the United States
2010 in Brazilian sport
2010 in sports in North Dakota
Curling in North Dakota
Americas Challenge
"Alone and Forsaken" is a country song written and demoed (though never officially released at the time) by American musician Hank Williams. It has been since covered by many artists.
Background
Williams' recording of the song was taken from one of their performances on the Shreveport radio station KWKH between August 1948 and May 1949. MGM released it in 1955, over two years after Williams' death. The song features only Williams' vocals and acoustic guitar. It explores themes of loneliness and desolation, which they had written about on previous ballads like "I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry"; unlike this song, "Alone and Forsaken" is set in A minor and features a sparse quality that gives it a darker feel.
"Alone and Forsaken" is one of the few songs that Williams ever wrote and sang that sounds more like a folk song than a country song. In the half-spoken verses, Williams reflects upon meeting their love, when "the pastures were green and the meadows were gold", but "her love, like the leaves, now have withered and gone". The darkening imagery gives way to a desperate plea during the chorus:
Alone and forsaken by fate and by man
Oh Lord, if you hear me, please hold to my hand, oh please understand
Cover versions
The first issued version of the song was by Bill Darnell, who recorded it on January 16, 1952.
Pianist Floyd Cramer recorded an instrumental version in 1962 on RCA.
Chet Atkins (who played guitar on several of Williams' recordings) recorded it for their 1965 album More of That Guitar Country.
A previously unissued version, recorded by Williams' son in 1974, appears on the 1992 box set Living Proof: The MGM Recordings 1963-1975.
Tony Rice recorded it on their 1975 LP California Autumn.
The Mekons issued the song as the B-side to their 1986 single "Hello Cruel World".
Townes Van Zandt performed the song on the 1996 album In Pain.
Neko Case included a version on their 2001 EP Canadian Amp.
The album is featured on the 2001 tribute album Timeless: Hank Williams Tribute as a duet by Mark Knopfler and Emmylou Harris.
16 Horsepower covered the song on their 2002 album Folklore.
Tim O'Brien and Darrell Scott covered the song for their 2013 album Memories and Moments.
Dave Matthews and Neil Young covered it on Hope for Haiti Now, the fund-raising album produced in 2010 to benefit the victims of the Haiti earthquake.
The song appears on the 2011 Social Distortion album Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes.
In popular culture
During a cutscene in the 2013 video game The Last of Us, the song is on a cassette tape given to Joel by Ellie while the two are driving. It was later used in the first full trailer for the television adaptation of The Last of Us in September 2022.
References
Bibliography
1951 songs
Songs written by Hank Williams
Hank Williams songs
General convention of Rastriya Prajatantra Party also the unity convention of the party is scheduled for 1-3 December 2021 to elect central committee members and portfolios. A total 4,500 delegates were taken part in the convention with nine from each provincial constituency. It was held in Bhrikuti Mandap, Kathmandu of Nepal. Similarly, some special guest like Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba from Nepali Congress, former prime minister Madhav Kumar Nepal from CPN (US) including other representative from parties within and outside Nepal who were present in the opening ceremony of the program.
Participation
A total 4,500 delegates were elected who would vote in the convention. Among them, there is a provision of 2,970 elected deligates from 330 provincial assembly constituencies while. Others shall come from sister organizations and some shall be nominated by president. The party elected nine representatives from each Province Assembly constituency based on inclusiveness according to which, three from Khas Arya, three from women, one from Janajati, one from Dalit, one from minority, Muslim, Tharu.
As a whole, 50,000 active members of the party throughout the country took part in this process.
Elected portfolios
On 1 November 2021, it was announced that election shall take place by the help of EVM.
Reference
Internal elections of political parties in Nepal
2021 in Nepal
The stripe-breasted rhabdornis (Rhabdornis inornatus), also known as the stripe-breasted creeper or plain-headed creeper, is a species of bird currently placed in the starling family, Sturnidae. It is endemic to the southern and central Philippines. The Visayan rhabdornis (R. rabori) is now usually considered a distinct species, where previously it was considered a subspecies. The grand rhabdornis (R. grandis) of Luzon Island is sometimes regarded as a subspecies, but usually now considered a distinct species as well.
References
stripe-breasted rhabdornis
stripe-breasted rhabdornis
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Heinrich Gollwitzer (born 30 October 1923) is a German former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Olympic Games
1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, competing for the United Team of Germany:
Shooting – Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol – 20th place
References
External links
1923 births
Possibly living people
German male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of the United Team of Germany
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Nuremberg
Stones is an album recorded in Italy by the group Alfabeats Nu Jazz. The album was released in the United States on the Oasis label in 2006 and distributed by JMood Records.
Reception
The All About Jazz review by John Kelman awarded the album 4½ stars and simply states: "Alfabeats is a playing band, albeit one with a language that extends far beyond the conventional definition of jazz to include elements of soul, R&B, funk... even hints of progressive rock and classic '70s Brit-rock. Regardless of how the group amalgamates a seemingly disparate group of influences, groove is priority number one. Stones is an exciting debut that will not doubt appeal to a younger demographic. But it's just as certain to attract more seasoned jazzers who don't have a knee-jerk reaction against rap or the idea of straying away from convention."
Track listing
All tracks are written by Max "Mbassado" Marzio and Roberto Magris, except where noted.
"Syeeda's Flute in Wonderland" – 6:04
"Stones" – 6:27
"Islamic Spires" – 5:06
"Red Cap & the Bad Loop" – 6:30
"L.A.P.D." (Marzio, Paolo Andriolo, Luca Boscagin) – 2:53
"Terra Nuda" – 2:27
"Reaching the Holy Land" (Magris) – 4:55
"Get Coltranized" – 4:52
"Floppy Generation Blues" – 4:02
Personnel
Alfabeats Nu Jazz
Max "Mbassado" Marzio – vocals, rap
Luca Boscagin – electric guitar
Roberto Magris – piano, electric piano, Hammond organ
Paolo Andriolo – electric bass
Paolo Prizzon – drums and percussion
Production
Roberto Magris – producer
Paul Collins – executive producer
Fulvio Zafret – engineering
References
2006 albums
Roberto Magris albums
Wilhelm Wetzel (17 July 1888 – 4 July 1964) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 7 August 1942 as General der Infanterie and commander of V. Armeekorps
References
Citations
Bibliography
1888 births
1964 deaths
People from the Province of Pomerania
People from Lębork County
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Reichswehr personnel
Ren Pengnian (1894–1968) was a director who created the first standard-length narrative film in China. They started a film company in 1926 called Dongfang Film Studio.
Ren filmed over forty films during their career as a director. They also starred in some of the films they directed. Ren Pengnian's film, Yan Ruisheng was the first narrative film in China to be of full-length. The movie was based on a real murder that occurred in Shangai.
References
External links
Ren Pengnian. IMDB.
Chinese film directors
1894 births
1968 deaths
Wikipedia Student Program
A cornicen (plural cornicines) was a junior officer in the Roman army. The cornicen's job was to signal salutes to officers and sound orders to the legions. The cornicines played the cornu (making them an aeneator). Cornicines always marched at the head of the centuries, with the tesserary and the signifer. The cornicines were also used as assistants to a centurion (like an optio). The cornicen was a duplicary or a soldier who got double the basic pay of the legionary.
The cornicen
The late Roman writer Vegetius in their work De re militari wrote:
See also
Music of ancient Rome
References
Vegetius
De re militari, Vegetius, Book II
Roman Empire
Military ranks of ancient Rome
Peter Buckman is an English writer and literary agent. They have been involved in the publishing industry for many years; they were on the editorial board of Penguin Books, and a commissioning editor for the New American Library in New York City. They have published novels, non fiction, a biography and short stories, and has also written for television and film, including an episode of Inspector Morse, three episodes of The House of Elliot, the television film Unnatural Causes, and the television movie The Tale of Sweeney Todd, which was directed by John Schlesinger.  They are currently a literary agent, having started The Ampersand Agency in 2003, notable for having discovered and represented Vikas Swarup, author of Q & A, which was filmed as Slumdog Millionaire, and also being the agent for the estate of prolific historical fiction writer Georgette Heyer.
Bibliography
Fiction
Playground: A Game of Fiction (1971)
The Rothschild Conversion (1979)
Non fiction
The Limits of Protest (1970)
Education Without Schools (1973) (as Editor)
Let's Dance: Social, Ballroom & Folk Dancing (1978)
All for Love: A Study in Soap Opera (1984)
A Genial Senior's Companion to Ageing (2018)
Biography
Lafayette: A Biography (1977)
References
External links
Living people
20th-century English novelists
English television writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
English male novelists
20th-century English male writers
British male television writers
Mingus Union High School is a high school in Cottonwood, Arizona. It is one of two high schools in the Mingus Union High School District. The other school, Mingus Online Academy, is a computer based alternative school at the same location.
Mingus Union High School is a Title I school serving the Cottonwood, Camp Verde, Beaver Creek, and Sedona areas.
History
There were once three separate high schools in the Verde Valley of Arizona — Jerome, Clarkdale and Cottonwood. In 1950, Jerome and Clarkdale consolidated into "Mingus High School", and in 1958, Cottonwood High School was added, creating the new Mingus Union High School.
Citizens pushed to create a new high school district instead of consolidating both the Jerome-Clarkdale and Cottonwood school districts completely. This happened in 1957 and 1958. The school district briefly took the "Union High School District" name, but this was changed to the present Mingus Union before the district became official.
The high school was located in Clarkdale until 1960. From then until the start of the 1972 school year, it was housed in Jerome's school buildings. It then moved to Cottonwood.
Operations
the school has different colors for badges of upperclassman (grades 11–12) and underclassman (grades 9–10) students. The school requires people who would otherwise be upperclassmen to wear the ID colors of underclassmen if they lack sufficient credits. The Phoenix New Times printed an article discussing a parent's concerns that this could indirectly lead to shaming of some students; the family contacted the ACLU to get a remedy.
Notable alumni
Jeff Huson, former MLB player (Montreal Expos, Texas Rangers, Baltimore Orioles, Milwaukee Brewers, Seattle Mariners, Anaheim Angels, Chicago Cubs)
References
Public high schools in Arizona
School districts established in 1958
Schools in Yavapai County, Arizona
1958 establishments in Arizona
Tallyho is an unincorporated community in Wood County, West Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Design standards, reference standards and performance standards are familiar throughout business and industry, virtually for anything that is definable. Sustainable design, taken as reducing our impact on the earth and making things better at the same time, is in the process of becoming defined. Also, many well organized specific methodologies are used by different communities of people for a variety of purposes.
Design standards
One of the better known is the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) green building rating system, which uses a diverse group of hard measures of environmental quality and impacts to define a holistic approach to sustainable building and assign ratings to individual projects.
Sustainable design is really just a more determined effort to consider the whole range of impacts on our environment in making any decision. A more complete design guide, guided more by whole project impact measures, is the model offered by the U.S. cooperating agencies in the "Whole Building Design Guide".
Green construction codes and standards are beginning to emerge on the national code stage. The standards go beyond energy standards such as ASHRAE 90.1 and the International Energy Conservation Code (IECC) to cover additional areas such as site sustainability, water efficiency, indoor environmental quality and materials and resources. The first is ASHRAE 189.1, Standard for the Design of High-Performance, Green Buildings Except Low-Rise Residential Buildings, published by ASHRAE in January 2010 in conjunction with the U.S. Green Building Council and the Illuminating Engineering Society. Standard 189.1 provides criteria by which a building can be judged as “green,” written in model code language that jurisdictions can use to develop a green building construction code.
Several organizations have developed their own ways of setting goals for energy reductions, such as Architecture 2030 and for qualifying performance toward them such as Cradle to Cradle.
Design methods
Developing real methods for how to discover the design opportunities that would allow you to meet or exceed the standards was one of the objectives of the environmental design movement in architectural schools in the 1960s and 1970s, but though some of the issues introduced then are still an important part of the process, not much actually changed about the methods of design. Now with the combination of many more interactive tools and much higher stakes in the outcome, and long gestating rethinking about natural systems in general, a dramatic new revolution in methodology seems inevitable.
BIM (building information modeling) allows designers to work with many remote consultants on the same data file that represents all the decisions being made by the team. The same file is available to the climate and energy and environmental impact analysis and cost analysis tools and consultants, ... and of course to the prospective contractors and the regulators. Along with this new integrated access to the model there in needed a new way to integrate the conversation of so many people, each with some interest in reviewing each other's comments on the progress with the central design model. That is likely to involve development of wiki tools for the process. One such very early implementation of a Wiki SD tool called "4Dsustainability" organizes the project design evolution around the general learning process of how you define the problem by exploring its environment, and following that through the project.
The main difference between sustainable design methods and conventional design is incorporating the entire environment of the project's stakeholders on the design team, essentially, requiring new ways to explore connections and for more people and perspectives to be taken into account. Other methods that recognize this requirement are the "AIA SDAT" (sustainable design assessment team) program and the "Scenarios for sustainability" process design tools.
References
Sustainable building
Sustainable architecture
Architecture
Low-energy building
Sustainable urban planning
Sustainable design
The Scaled Composites Pond Racer (Company designation Model 158) was a twin-engine twin-boom aircraft developed for Bob Pond by Burt Rutan and their company Scaled Composites.
Reason for creation
Bob Pond commissioned the design with the idea of developing a modern aircraft that could compete with the vintage warbirds in the Unlimited Class at the Reno air races. Bob Pond was concerned that each year at the Reno Air Races, valuable and historic aircraft were being crashed and destroyed, not to mention many engines being damaged or wrecked beyond repair. The Pond Racer was hoped to be an alternative to vintage aircraft like the P-51 Mustang and the Hawker Sea Fury that would be as fast and spectacular in the air as the warbirds.
Design
The airframe was constructed of composite materials, carbon fiber and Kevlar. This resulted in a very light, strong aircraft. To power the plane two Electramotive 3 liter V-6 engines were chosen. These were based on the Nissan VG30 automobile engine. The engines were originally developed for auto racing and were turbocharged to produce . However, those fitted to the Pond Racer only ever achieved a peak of around . The engines drove 4-bladed propellers via propeller speed reduction units.
Aircraft debut
The aircraft made its debut at the 1991 Reno air races having been flown from the Scaled Composites factory under escort. Gasoline was used as the fuel for the flight to Reno as this gave a greater range. The onboard engine control computers were replaced with equipment for metering methanol in the race configuration. Methanol was the preferred fuel because no intercoolers were needed, and so the associated drag was eliminated. After the day's running had concluded the engines were again configured to burn gasoline to preclude the corrosive effects of methanol. The aircraft was entered in the Silver class and qualified at , flown by experienced test pilot Rick Brickert. The aircraft developed mechanical problems before the race was officially started and dropped out as a DNS.
The decision was made by Pond to attend Reno with the same engines used for flight testing. In fact, a vibrator was still attached to the left vertical stabilizer to initiate flutter as part of the planned flight test program. There was no expectation of victory the first year. It was viewed as a "dress rehearsal" more than anything else. After takeoff for the final event on Sunday, the left engine threw a rod out the side of the block and created a tunnel of fire in diameter and about long. An onboard halon extinguishing system put the oil fire out and an uneventful single-engine landing was made. The engine installations were very compact and "close cowled", meaning the bodywork covering the engines had little clearance. The carbon fiber engine cowling was a structural component of the aircraft and as such had to be protected from heat-soak after shutdown. This was accomplished via two 2-stroke weed blowers immediately after the blades stopped turning, quickly followed by two air conditioner blowers attached to the air inlet "scuppers". The engine cowlings were lined with corrugated inconel of .007 thickness. Airflow was vital to structural integrity. Conversely, the powerplant units had to be preheated to nearly operating temperature before fireup. This was due to the tight tolerances of the engine main bearings. Because methanol burns much cooler than gasoline, cooling was never an issue. Actually the cold nature of the methanol gave the team a problem with oil viscosity. The thick, graphite laden oil would "puke" overboard for the majority of the time while airborne. Eventually it was determined that the oil drain holes were undersized in the rocker area of the heads as they were not intended to run at a constant high RPM in an automobile application. At race speeds, the engines were turning 8000 RPM, geared down to 2000 at the prop, the engines were expected to run at this level for the 15 minutes of the race. Fully half of the radiator inlet ducting was blocked off after the first test flight on March 22, 1991. Dick Rutan was the initial test pilot. Mike Melvill also flew the plane as did Steve Hinton as part of the test program.
Problems and loss
On September 14, 1993, the Pond Racer was entered again and once more, piloted by Rick Brickert. During qualifying, the aircraft began leaking oil and suffered an engine failure leaving the right propeller unfeathered. Brickert pulled up, lowered the landing gear, and chose to perform a belly landing by retracting the gear again. The aircraft overshot a smooth landing area and crashed in rough terrain, killing the pilot.
Specifications (Performance 1991 Reno meeting)
References
External links
Mojave Virtual Museum
Memorial image
A WAV file of the Pond Racer fly-by
Racing aircraft
Pond Racer
1990s United States sport aircraft
Twin-boom aircraft
Mid-wing aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1991
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Thomas Grinfield (27 April 1788, Bath, Somerset – 8 April 1870, Clifton, Bristol) was an English clergyman and hymn-writer.
Life
Thomas Grinfield was the son of Thomas Grinfield of Bristol and Anna Joanna Barham, and the brother of Edward William Grinfield. They were born at Bath in 1788, and educated at Wingfield, near Trowbridge, and afterwards at Trinity College, Cambridge, where they proceeded B.A. in 1811. They were ordained in 1813. They married their first cousin, Mildred Foster Barham; became curate at St Sidwells, Exeter; then rector of Shirland, Derbyshire; they subsequently resided at Clifton, Bristol, and was for twenty-three years curate in charge of St Mary le Port Church, Bristol. They died at Clifton on 8 April 1870, and was buried in the cemetery at Weston-super-Mare. Though they published little, their compositions were numerous, especially their sermons. Studious and contemplative, they mingled little with society. They were an accomplished scholar and poet. As well as the works listed below, they wrote a large number of small poems and lectures, many of which were published in the Weston Mercury. There remain unpublished several manuscripts, especially a valuable series of theological lectures.
Works
Epistles and Miscellaneous Poems, 1815
The Omnipotence of God, with other Sacred Poems, 1824
The Visions of Patmos, 1827
A Century of Original Sacred Songs
Sacred Poems
Fifty Sermons by Robert Hall, from Grinfield's Notes, 1843, dedicated to Thomas Chalmers, and part of the publication of works of Robert Hall
The Moral Influence of Shakespeare's Plays, 1850
The History of Preaching (ed. Canon Eden, 1880, with preface and memoir)
References
1788 births
1870 deaths
People from Bath, Somerset
Church of England hymnwriters
19th-century English writers
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
19th-century English Anglican priests
Clergy from Bristol
Quinak () may refer to:
Qeshlaq-e Quinak
Quinak-e Rakhshani
Quinak-e Zohari
The C.E. Morris House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built in 1897 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The C.E. Morris House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus; the house reflects the character of the area at the time. The building is also part of the 18th & E. Broad Historic District on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
The house was built for Charles E. Morris, owner of Morris Ironworks, who lived there until 1924. It was later rented out for rooms, and further on, used for commercial space.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
External links
Houses completed in 1897
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
A parrot tent is an item of birdcage furniture, usually made from fleece, synthetic fur or quilted fabric which when placed in the cage of a companion parrot, provides the bird a comfortable, soft-textured private space in which it may climb inside to play, warm itself, rest or sleep.
Often referred to by using popular brand names, such as the 'Happy Hut' or the 'Snuggle Sack', a parrot tent is typically hung from the roof of the parrot's cage using two or more clips. Several designs of tent are commercially available, for example soft canopies that sit over an existing perch, open-ended tubes and prisms, or fully enclosed teepee or dome-shaped bags with a single opening.
Care must be taken to ensure that the parrot does not consume pieces of the tent or accidentally become entangled and trapped in frayed threads, both of which may occur if the bird's natural chewing instincts compel it to gnaw upon the fabric and natural wood is not provided. The parrot may also come to view the tent as a potential nesting site, which may trigger unwanted behaviours in a pet bird, such as egg-laying and aggression in defence of the tent, although this varies from individual to individual. For these reasons, some avian experts advise entirely against the use of parrot tents.
References
Aviculture
Bird health
Pet equipment
Parrots
Major-General Sir Frederick Abbott (13 June 1805 – 4 November 1892) was a British Indian Army officer and engineer of the East India Company.
Background
Frederick was born at Little Court, Buntingford, Hertfordshire, the second son of Henry Alexius Abbott, a retired Calcutta merchant of Blackheath, Kent, and their wife Margaret Welsh, the daughter of William Welsh of Edinburgh. They had the following siblings:
Margaret (1801–1877)
Major-General Augustus Abbott (1804–1867)
General Sir James Abbott, KCB (1807–1896)
Emma Abbott (1809–1875)
Major General Saunders Alexius Abbott (1811–1894)
Keith Edward Abbott, Consul General (1814–1873)
Edmund Abbott (1816–1816)
Career
After training at Addiscombe Military Seminary from 1820 to 1822, Abbott was posted to India with the Bengal Engineers in 1823. They served in the First Burmese War, and in 1825 distinguished themselves in the Battle of Prome, where they were wounded. After serving in different locations in India, they took part as chief engineer in the First Anglo-Afghan War. Here they were ordered to destroy the great bazaar of Kabul as a retribution for the murder of a British officer, an action they later regretted. In 1841, Abbott was appointed superintending engineer of the north-western provinces of Bengal. They fought in the First Anglo-Sikh War in 1846, and took part in the Battle of Sobraon, for which they were awarded a Companion of the Order of the Bath.
They retired one year later and took over as lieutenant-governor of Addiscombe Seminary in 1851. Abbott became a knight bachelor in 1854 and was promoted to Major-General in 1858. In 1859, they were appointed to serve on the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom, whose recommendations prompted a huge programme of fortification for the British naval dockyards. After the college was closed in 1861, they served on various other royal commissions.
Family
In 1835, they married Frances Cox, da. of Lt.Col. Cox, Royal Artillery, and widow of Lt.Col. Hubert de Burgh. Abbott died in Branksome Park, Poole in 1892. Their wife and daughter both predeceased him.
References
1805 births
1892 deaths
Alumni of Addiscombe Military Seminary
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Afghan War
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Burmese War
British military personnel of the First Anglo-Sikh War
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Bachelor
People from Buntingford
Bengal Engineers officers
British Indian Army generals
British East India Company Army officers
Qiu Xinyi (; born January 11, 1997, in Taipei, Taiwan) is an idol singer from Tsinchu based in Shanghai.  They are a member of Team SII of female idol group SNH48.
Career
Qiu was unveiled as a first-generation member of SNH48 during an SNH48 press conference on 14 October 2012. On 25 May 2013, they made their first concert appearance during SNH48's "Blooming For You Concert". On 11 November, they became one of the members in SNH48's Team SII. On 12 December, they starred in SNH48 film Mengxiang Yubei Sheng, and on 16 December, they performed on the SNH48 Guangzhou Concert.
On 18 January 2014, Qiu performed in the SNH48 "Red & White Concert". During SNH48's first General Election, held on 26 July, Qiu came in second in place with 14802 votes, behind teammate Wu Zhehan.
On 31 January 2015, they performed during the SNH48 "Request Hour Setlist Best 30 2015". On 28 May, they starred in web drama Lonely Gourmet, based on manga series Kodoku no Gourmet. On 25 July, they took part in SNH48's second General Election, and was ranked 14th with 20078.3 votes. On 31 October, they were announced as part of sub-unit Style-7. On 26 December, they performed at SNH48 "Request Hour Setlist Best 30 2015 (2nd Edition)".
In 2016, they were admitted into Shanghai Theatre Academy.
Discography
With SNH48
EPs
Albums
Mae Shika Mukanee (2014)
Units
SNH48 Stage Units
Concert units
Filmography
Movies
Dramas
Variety shows
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
SNH48 members
Actresses from Taipei
Taiwanese women singers
Taiwanese film actores
Taiwanese television actores
Taiwanese idols
Taiwanese people of Hakka descent
21st-century Taiwanese actores
Bodden Town Football Club is a Cayman Island football club, which currently plays in the Cayman Islands' Premier League.
Achievements
Cayman Islands League: 4
2012–13, 2013–14, 2016–17, 2019–20
Cayman Islands FA Cup: 4
2000–01, 2008–09, 2012–13, 2016–17
Current roster
Former players
Wesley Robinson
References
soccerway.tv
caribbeanfootballdatabase.com
Football clubs in the Cayman Islands
Association football clubs established in 1970
1970 establishments in the Cayman Islands
The Magritte Museum (, ) is an art museum in central Brussels, Belgium, dedicated to the work of the Belgian surrealist artist, René Magritte. It is one of the constituent museums of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium. It is served by Brussels Central Station, as well as by the metro stations Parc/Park (on lines 1 and 5) and Trône/Troon (on lines 2 and 6).
Museum
The Magritte Museum opened to the public on 30 May 2009 in Brussels. Housed in the five-level neoclassical Hôtel du Lotto, on the Place Royale/Koningsplein, it displays some 200 original Magritte paintings, drawings and sculptures including The Return, Scheherazade and The Empire of Light.
This multidisciplinary permanent installation is the biggest Magritte archive anywhere and most of the work is directly from the collection of the artist's widow, Georgette Magritte, and from Irene Hamoir Scutenaire, who was their primary collector. Additionally, the museum includes Magritte's experiments with photography from 1920 on and the short surrealist films they made from 1956 on.
See also
BELvue Museum
List of single-artist museums
Culture of Belgium
References
Notes
Museums in Brussels
Art museums and galleries in Belgium
2009 establishments in Belgium
Art museums established in 2009
René Magritte
Museums devoted to one artist
City of Brussels
Biographical museums in Belgium
Herbert I (died 13 April 1035), called Wakedog (from French Eveille-chien, Latinized as Evigilans Canis), was the count of Maine from 1017 until their death. They had a turbulent career with an early victory that may have contributed to their later decline.
Life
They were the son of Hugh III and succeeded their father as count of Maine.<ref group=lower-alpha>Although Herbert was called count as early as 1016, their father was probably still alive in 1017. There is evidence to believe Herbert was probably involved in the administration of the county during their father's later years. See: Barton, Lordship in the County of Maine (2004), p. 46 n. 82</ref> Herbert was, at times, a nominal vassal of their neighbor Fulk III Nerra, Count of Anjou but otherwise considered themselves independent and obtained their nickname "Wake-dog" for having to constantly resist the intrusions of their Angevin neighbors to the south. From the time Herbert became count in 1017, they were almost constantly at war with Avesgaud de Bellême, Bishop of Le Mans.
In 1016, a young Herbert was allied to Fulk III in a war against Odo II of Blois. On 6 July Odo was en route to attack the fortress of Montrichard. Upon discovering this, Fulk and Herbert split their forces to block either of the two approaches. Odo ran headlong into the Angevin force under Fulk, known as the Battle of Pontlevoy. Odo's greater force was prevailing and Fulk themselves was thrown from their horse and in danger of being killed or captured, but a messenger had been sent to Herbert to come immediately. Herbert attacked the left flank of Odo's forces throwing them into complete confusion; Odo's mounted force fled leaving their foot soldiers to be slaughtered. Odo was completely defeated and was unable to challenge Fulk again for nearly a decade. While this battle established Herbert's reputation as a warrior it also began deteriorating the relationship between Fulk and Herbert.
Their battles with Avesgaud, Bishop of Le Mans, were heating up again and, in 1025, Herbert made a night raid on the Bishop's castle at Duneau causing Avesgaud to flee to the protection of their brother William Lord of Belleme. Once they were safe, the Bishop excommunicated Herbert and then continued their warring against him. Not long after the excommunication was lifted and peace was restored between them, Herbert started raiding the Bishop's estates again. This time Herbert, with the help of Count Alan III of Rennes, attacked the Bishop at their castle at Le Ferte and reduced this castle as well.
On 7 March 1025, Fulk Nerra lured Herbert to Saintes on the promise of giving them Saintes as a benefice. Herbert was captured and imprisoned for two years until a coalition forced their release. During their captivity Fulk had taken over the government of Maine and before returning Herbert to their countship, they seized the southwestern territories of Maine including several fortresses, attaching them to Anjou. It was only after suffering complete humiliation that Herbert was allowed to go free.
Due in part to their wars with Bishop Avesguadus (an ally of Fulk Nerra) and in part with their imprisonment, the county of Maine declined under Herbert I. They built the castle of Sablé but by 1015 they had for some reason allowed it to become an independent lordship under the viscounts of Maine. Likewise Chateau-du-Loir built in the early eleventh century also quickly came under control of independent castellans.
While plain coins with only Latin motto Gratia dei rex had been minted under comital authority throughout the tenth century at Le Mans, at some time between 1020 and 1030 coins were struck with the monogram of Count Herbert and the motto signum Dei vivi'' and continued with this design through the twelfth century. The coins at le Mans were of such weight and fine quality they were among the most widely accepted in western France. Herbert died on 13 April 1035.
Issue
Herbert left four children:
Hugh IV, successor, married Bertha of Blois, daughter of Herbert's opponent Odo II of Blois.
Gersenda, married firstly Theobald III of Blois (son of Herbert's opponent Odo II of Blois); divorced in 1048 and married secondly Albert Azzo II, Margrave of Milan. Them son by the latter would regain Maine from Norman control in 1069, as count Hugh V
Paula (Paule or Paulæ) wife of Jean de la Fleche, their son Elias would succeed their first cousin Hugh V as Count of Maine.
Biota, married Walter III of the Vexin, and Walter briefly held Maine after the death of their nephew, Herbert II, son of Hugh IV, before both Walter and Biota died of possible poisoning and William the Conqueror seized the county.
Notes
References
External links
Herbert (I) of Maine in the Medieval Lands Project
1035 deaths
Counts of Maine
Year of birth unknown
Carlos Meléndez may refer to:
Carlos Meléndez (politician) (1861–1919), President of El Salvador
Carlos Antonio Meléndez (born 1958), Salvadoran football goalkeeper and manager
Carlos Meléndez (singer) (born 1965), Puerto Rican former member of Menudo
Carlos Meléndez (footballer, born 1997), Honduran football defender
Carlos Meléndez (athlete), see 2002 European Athletics Indoor Championships
Eurydice (; Ancient Greek: Εὐρυδίκη 'wide justice') was a character in Greek mythology and the Auloniad wife of Orpheus, who tried to bring them back from the dead with their enchanting music.
Etymology
Several meanings for the name Eurydice have been proposed such as "true judgement" or "profound judgement" from the Greek: eur dike. Fulgentius, a mythographer of the late 5th to early 6th century AD, gave the latter etymological meaning. Adriana Cavarero, in the book Relating Narratives: Storytelling and Selfhood, wrote that "the etymology of Eurydice seems rather to indicate, in the term eurus, a vastness of space or power, which, joining to dike [and thus deiknumi, to show], designates them as 'the one who judges with breadth' or, perhaps, 'she who shows themselves amply'".
In some accounts, they were instead called Agriope, which means "savage face".
Mythology
Marriage to Orpheus, death and afterlife
Eurydice was the Auloniad wife of musician Orpheus, who loved them dearly; on their wedding day, they played joyful songs as their bride danced through the meadow. One day, Aristaeus saw and pursued Eurydice, who stepped on a viper, was bitten, and died instantly. Distraught, Orpheus played and sang so mournfully that all the nymphs and deities wept and told them to travel to the Underworld to retrieve her, which they gladly did. After their music softened the hearts of Hades and Persephone, their singing so sweet that even the Erinyes wept, they were allowed to take them back to the world of the living. In another version, Orpheus played their lyre to put Cerberus, the guardian of Hades, to sleep, after which Eurydice was allowed to return with Orpheus to the world of the living. Either way, the condition was attached that they must walk in front of them and not look back until both had reached the upper world. Soon they began to doubt that they were there, suspecting that Hades had deceived him. Just as they reached the portals of Hades and daylight, they turned around to gaze on their face, and because Eurydice had not yet crossed the threshold, they vanished back into the Underworld. When Orpheus was later killed by the Maenads at the orders of Dionysus, their soul ended up in the Underworld where they were reunited with Eurydice.
The story in this form belongs to the time of Virgil, who first introduces the name of Aristaeus and the tragic outcome. Other ancient sources however, speak of Orpheus's visit to the underworld in a more negative light; according to Phaedrus in Plato's Symposium, the infernal deities only "presented an apparition" of Eurydice to him. Plato's representation of Orpheus is that of a coward; instead of choosing to die in order to be with the one they loved, they mocked the deities by trying to go to Hades to get them back alive. Since their love was not "true"—meaning they were not willing to die for it—he was punished by the deities, first by giving them only the apparition of their former wife in the underworld and then by being killed by women.
The story of Eurydice may be a late addition to the Orpheus myths. In particular, the name Eurudike ('she whose justice extends widely') recalls cult-titles attached to Persephone. The myth may have been derived from another Orpheus legend in which they travel to Tartarus and charms the goddess Hecate.
The story of Eurydice has a number of strong universal cultural parallels, from the Japanese myth of Izanagi and Izanami, the Mayan myth of Itzamna and Ixchel, the Indian myth of Savitri and Satyavan, to the Akkadian/Sumerian myth of Inanna's descent to the underworld. The biblical story of Lot's wife, who was turned into a pillar of salt because they looked back at the town they were fleeing, is "often compared to the story of Orpheus and their wife Eurydice."
Cultural depictions
The story of Orpheus and Eurydice has been depicted in a number of works by artists, including Titian, Peter Paul Rubens, Nicolas Poussin, and Corot. More recently, the story has been depicted by Bracha Ettinger, whose series, Eurydice, was exhibited in the Pompidou Centre (Face à l'Histoire, 1996); the Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam (Kabinet, 1997), and The Royal Museum of Fine Arts, Antwerp (Gorge(l), 2007). The story has inspired ample writings in the fields of ethics, aesthetics, art, and feminist theory. In the game Hades (2020), the aftermath of the tale of Orpheus and Eurydice is told throughout a playthrough of the game.
Film and literature
Sir Orfeo, a Middle English Romance poem from the late 13th or early 14th century, inspired by the Orpheus and Eurydice tale
"Orpheus. Eurydice. Hermes." (1904), a poem retelling the journey from the underworld by Rainer Maria Rilke
Orphée (1950), directed by Jean Cocteau
Orfeu Negro (1959), an adaptation of the classic myth filmed in Brazil by Marcel Camus
Evrydiki BA 2O37 (1975), directed by Nikos Nikolaidis.
"Eurydice" (1999), a poem that retells the traditional myth through a feminist lens by British poet Carol Ann Duffy in their book The World's Wife
‘'Portrait of a Lady on Fire‘' (2019) written and directed by Céline Sciamma uses the myth of Orpheus and Eurydice as an allegory for the relationship depicted in the film, and proposes an alternate explanation for why Orpheus turned to look.
Operas and stage productions
The myth has been retold in operas by Jacopo Peri, Monteverdi, Charpentier, Gluck, Yevstigney Fomin, Harrison Birtwistle, and Matthew Aucoin.
Euridice (1600), an opera by Jacopo Peri, the first genuine opera whose music survives to this day
Orfeo ed Euridice, an opera by Christoph Willibald Gluck
L'Orfeo (1607), by Claudio Monteverdi, widely regarded as the first operatic masterwork
La Descente d'Orphée aux enfers H.488 (1686), opera by Marc-Antoine Charpentier
Orphée descendant aux enfers H.471 (1683), cantata by Marc-Antoine Charpentier
Eurydice (1941), a play by Jean Anouilh
Orpheus Descending (1957), by American playwright Tennessee Williams.
Orfeo ed Euridice (1996), a new production of Gluck's opera by choreographer Mark Morris and the Handel and Haydn Society conducted by Christopher Hogwood.
Eurydice (2003), a play by Sarah Ruhl, later made into an opera by Matthew Aucoin in 2020.
Orpheus and Eurydice: A Myth Underground (2011), a theatre production written by Molly Davies with music by James Johnston, Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds for the National Youth Theatre at the Old Vic Tunnels, directed by James Dacre
Hadestown (2010), an ensemble album by Anaïs Mitchell, featuring Mitchell as Eurydice, Justin Vernon as Orpheus and Ani DiFranco among others, retelling the myth as a 'folk opera' in a post-apocalyptic Depression era America. Also, a Broadway musical of the same name that opened in 2019, with Eurydice's role played by Eva Noblezada. Bridget Read, in their review for Vogue, wrote: "Hades in the musical is a suit-wearing boss, a slick con man who promises wealth but suckers in the hungry, poor Eurydice to a life of toil in their factory pit. [...] Orpheus and Eurydice's tragedy then becomes, in the hands of Mitchell, an argument for collective bargaining. [...] Orpheus and Eurydice's romance is a rallying cry against the relentless slog of work, production, and pillaging of the world's natural resources that capitalism demands".
Science and geography
Eurydice Peninsula in Antarctica is named after Eurydice.
A species of Australian lizard, Ctenotus eurydice, is named after Eurydice.
An asteroid 75 Eurydike is named after Eurydice.
Video games
Hades is an indie rogue-like game developed by Supergiant Games, where Eurydice is a character who resides in Asphodel and is voiced by Francesca Hogan. The player, Zagreus, is given the option of reuniting Eurydice and Orpheus after meeting them. Just Lunning, for Inverse, commented that "Hades will immediately grab your eye with its stunning character designs, which are consistently unique and unconventional ways. [...] Every character is consciously trying their best to be beautiful. [...] Even mythical, inhuman characters like [...] Eurydice (an oak nymph) embody this vision of beauty. [...] Eurydice has an afro composed of tree branches".
References
Additional sources
Primary sources
Ovid, Metamorphoses 10
The Library 1.3.2
Pausanias, Description of Greece 9.30
Virgil, Georgics 4.453
Plato, Symposium
Secondary sources
Buci-Glucksmann, Christine. 2000. "Eurydice and their Doubles: Painting after Auschwitz." In Artworking 1985-1999. Amsterdam: Ludion. .
Butler, Judith. [2001] 2004. "Bracha's Eurydice." Theory, Culture & Society 21(1).
Originally in de Zegher, Catherine, and B. Massumi, eds. 2001. Bracha Lichtenberg Ettinger: Eurydice Series, Drawing Papers 24. NY: Drawing Center.
Duffy, Carol Ann. 1999. "Eurydice." In The World's Wife. .
Ettinger, Bracha L., and Emmanuel Levinas. [1997] 2006. "Qui Dirait Eurydice? What Would Eurydice say?: Brache Lichtenberg Ettinger in Conversation with Emmanuel Levinas." Philosophical Studies 2.
Glowaka, Dorota. 2007. "Lyotard and Eurydice." In Gender after Lyotard, edited by M. Grebowicz. NY: Suny Press.
Graves, Robert, The Greek Myths, Harmondsworth, London, England, Penguin Books, 1960.
Graves, Robert, The Greek Myths: The Complete and Definitive Edition. Penguin Books Limited. 2017.
Pollock, Griselda. 2009. "Orphée et Eurydice: le temps/l'éspace/le regard traumatique." In Guerre et paix des sexes, edited by J. Kristeva, et al. Hachette.
—— "Abandoned at the Mouth of Hell." In Looking Back to the Future. G&B Arts. .
Rosand, Ellen. "Opera: III. Early opera, 1600–90." Grove Music Online, edited by L. Macy.
Whenham, John. 1986. Claudio Monteverdi, Orfeo. Cambridge University Press.
Further reading
Aken, Dr. A.R.A. van. (1961). Elseviers Mythologische Encyclopedie. Amsterdam: Elsevier.
Hirsh, Jennie, and Isabelle D. Wallace, eds. 2011. Contemporary Art and Classical Myth. Farnham: Ashgate. .
Masing-Delic, Irene. 2011. "Replication or Recreation? The Eurydice Motif in Nabokov's Russian Oeuvre." Russian Literature 70(3):391–414.
External links
Warburg Institute Iconographic Database (ca 130 images of Eurydice)
Dryads
Nymphs
Children of Apollo
Metamorphoses characters
Characters in Greek mythology
Baiada Poultry is a privately owned company that produces poultry products throughout Australia. Its operations include broiler and breeder farms, hatcheries, processing plants, feedmilling and protein recovery. Its head office is at Pendle Hill, New South Wales with plants in Beresfield, Tamworth, Victoria, Queensland and South Australia. According to the company, it employs approximately 2,200 people. Baiada is one of Australia's largest poultry processing companies with a market share of more than 20%, producing the Lilydale Select and Steggles brand to retailers including Coles, Woolworths, IGA, Aldi, McDonald's, KFC, Pizza Hut, Red Rooster, Nando's and Subway.
The company has been embroiled in scandals involving deceptively selling chicken products as free range and the exploitation of migrant workers.
Misleading free to roam labelling scandal
In September 2011 the Australian Competition & Consumer Commission (ACCC) commenced federal court action against Baiada Poultry, Bartter Enterprises, and the Australian Chicken Meat Federation, alleging that they engaged in misleading and deceptive conduct and made misleading representations that meat chickens were "free to roam around in large barns". The ACCC argued the chickens were reared indoors with high-density stocking (20 chickens per square metre) that significantly restricted their ability to roam. Such a definition of free to roam would leave room for 2.2 chickens on an A3 size page.
On 30 October 2013 the Federal Court of Australia ordered Baiada Poultry and Bartter Enterprises, the processors and suppliers of Steggles branded chicken products to pay a total of $400,000 in civil pecuniary penalties, declaring that the companies contravened the Trade Practices Act and the Australian Consumer Law by engaging in "false, misleading and deceptive conduct (or conduct liable to mislead and deceive)" when it described on product packaging and in advertising that its meat chickens were "free to roam in large barns".
The Australian Chicken Meat Federation, the peak industry lobby group for the Australian chicken meat industry, was also ordered to pay $20,000 in penalties by asserting in publications on its website that chickens in Australia were "free to roam" or able to "roam freely" in large barns.
Foreign workers exploitation scandals
In September 2010, the Australian Office of the Fair Work Ombudsman commenced an investigation into allegations that Adelaide Poultry — part of the Baiada Group of Companies, had contravened Commonwealth workplace laws after public comments were made alleging underpayment of its workers. It determined that the company had contravened workplace laws and an agreement to resolve the contravention without the need to resort to civil penalty litigation was made by way of an "Enforceable Undertaking" made under the Commonwealth Fair Work Act 2009.
On 4 May 2015, television program Four Corners reported on the exploitation of migrant workers within the Baiada factories. In response to the allegations, Baiada issued a formal response, stating that "there [was] no substantial compliance failures" and "there [was] no exploitation of migrant workers".
However, in their investigation into the matter, the Fair Work Ombudsman confirmed the allegations and found that the company paid foreign workers on holiday 417 class working visas about half the lawful minimum hourly wage and that they worked up to 18 hours a day without paid overtime. The foreign workers were forced to live in slum houses with 20 others and to sometimes share mattresses. The Ombudsman found that much of the work was off the books with the foreign workers paid in cash and that the labour hire companies that Baiada engaged provided inadequate, missing or fabricated records. During the course of the investigation, 23 of 39 contractors complained of financial instability and four of six principal contractors ceased trading. Baiada refused to let Fair Work Commission inspectors into their three NSW processing plants — at Beresfield, Hanwood and Tamworth during the investigation.
Despite promising to improve workplace practices, Baiada continued to attract criticism, including from the Uniting Church. Signed witnesses statements from Baiada chicken plant workers suggested that questionable work practices were continuing at some plants and that the company was still dealing with disreputable labour hire companies. Some of these companies had bogus business addresses.
On 26 October 2015 the Fair Work Ombudsman released a statement saying Baiada has agreed to a compliance partnership to make good past underpayments by contractors and to ensure compliance with workplace laws in the future. The company agreed to take responsibility for paying up to $500,000 in wages that its contractors failed to pay workers, even though it did not directly employ them.
References
External links
Agriculture companies of Australia
Companies based in Sydney
Poultry companies
Poultry farming in Australia
Iowa Highway 5 is a highway in southern Iowa. It is a north–south highway with a length of . It is the northernmost segment of a three-state "Highway 5" also involving Missouri Route 5 and Arkansas Highway 5. Portions of the highway are freeway and expressway. It had previously been designated Iowa Highway 60. The southern terminus of Iowa Highway 5 is at the Missouri border southwest of Cincinnati. Its northern terminus is at Interstate 35 at West Des Moines.
Route description
Iowa Highway 5 begins at the Missouri border southwest of Cincinnati. It passes through Cincinnati, then turns north to go through Centerville, where it intersects Iowa Highway 2. It continues north through Moravia and intersects U.S. Highway 34 in Albia. Iowa 5 also intersects Iowa Highway 137 in Albia and turns northwest. It goes northwest through Lovilia and Hamilton before intersecting Iowa Highway 92 in Knoxville.
Iowa 5 and Iowa 92 then become a freeway bypass of Knoxville, bypassing Knoxville on its south side, intersecting Iowa Highway 14 on the bypass. After the bypass, Iowa 5 and Iowa 92 become an expressway. Iowa 5 then separates from Iowa 92 near Pleasantville. Iowa 5 then turns north, bypasses Pleasantville, and intersects Iowa Highway 316 northwest of Pleasantville. Iowa 5 continues northwest past Hartford and Carlisle, then intersects U.S. Highway 65. Iowa 5 then goes west as a freeway with U.S. 65 to an interchange with U.S. Highway 69, where U.S. 65 separates in Des Moines. Iowa 5 then continues west as a southeastern freeway bypass of Des Moines, intersecting Iowa Highway 28 at Norwalk and ends in West Des Moines at Interstate 35.
History
Primary Road 5 was designated in 1920 connecting Sioux City and Dubuque. In 1926, this route was truncated at Fort Dodge and at Le Mars and subsequently extended to Akron in 1929. From 1945 through 1962, when Iowa 5 was again truncated near Aurelia, Iowa 5 overlapped Iowa 3 for . This last section of Iowa 5 is now designated Iowa Highway 7.
The current Iowa 5 was designated on January 1, 1969, along the southern portion Iowa Highway 60. It was renumbered to provide route number continuity with Missouri Route 5. In 1978, a bypass of Knoxville was opened carrying Iowa 5 and Iowa Highway 92 around the southern edge of Knoxville.
In the Des Moines area, Iowa 5 had the same route along Army Post Road from 1969 until 1997, when sections of a southern bypass, completed in 2002, were opened.
Major intersections
References
External links
The Iowa Highways Page by Jason Hancock
005
Dostlik or Dustlik (formerly Chkalov) is a station of the Tashkent Metro on the Oʻzbekiston Line. The station was opened on 6 November 1987 as the eastern terminus of the extension of the line from Toshkent. In 2012 the station's name was changed from Chkalov to Dustlik.
The construction of "Chkalov" metro station domed used reinforced concrete structure. The ceiling is painted in turquoise and decorated with electric lights as babochkek, giving the room an atmosphere of flying. In the center of the column set made of aluminum, in the shape of the radar. The lobby and the staircase walls are covered with white marble Gazgan and the floor surface is covered with gray and black granite. In one of the side walls of the lobby has been established panels devoted to the 50th anniversary of the flight from Moscow (USSR) to Vancouver (USA) over the North Pole without landing, and a bas-relief of Valery Chkalov. In October 2012, these design elements were barbarously destroyed. One solution is aligned with the entrance of the Tashkent mechanical plant.
On 30 August 2020, interchange to Doʻstlik 2 of the newly opened Circle Line became operating.
References
Tashkent Metro stations
Railway stations opened in 1987
1987 establishments in Uzbekistan
The APEC Russia 2012 () was the 24th annual gathering of APEC leaders. Leaders from the member economies met on Russky Island, off the coast of Vladivostok, Russia on September 9–10, 2012.
The summit on Russky Island saw the resort, catering and entertainment facilities, in addition to the renovation and upgrading of Vladivostok International Airport.
Two giant cable-stayed bridges were built in preparation for the summit, namely the Zolotoy Rog bridge over the Zolotoy Rog bay in the downtown, and Russky Island Bridge from mainland to Russky Island (which is the longest cable-stayed bridge in the world right now). The new campus of the Far Eastern Federal University was also completed on the island by 2012 to house the summit.
Preparation
At APEC Vietnam 2006 in Hanoi, Russia put forward a proposal to host the 2012 summit. Originally, Patrokl Bay (southern part of Vladivostok) was suggested as the site to hold the summit. The original plan was to build a palace to host the actual summit, and a number of five-star hotels for visitors. After the summit, the palace would be converted into a wedding palace, its conference centre into the Opera, and the hotels into residential buildings. The original estimate for development costs was in the excess of 382 billion rubles, and included money the city felt was necessary to bring infrastructure such as the sewage system, roads, bridges, and water pipes to up-to-date condition. Herman Gref, then-Minister of Economics and Trade, who visited Vladivostok in December 2006 to ascertain the city's readiness to hold the summit, promptly dismissed this plan, stating that the cost estimate was overblown and that they were not responsible for solving the city's problems, and further accused the Vladivostok administration of unprofessionalism.
In January 2007, Vladimir Putin, then-President of Russia, stated that holding a summit in Vladivostok was a distinct possibility, and that at least 100 billion rubles would be required to prepare the city for the summit, which, at the time, was three-times more than the budget of Primorsky Krai as a whole. On 27 January 2007, Putin visited Vladivostok to participate in a meeting regarding Russia's upcoming rotational presidency of APEC.
The proposal put forward for Russia to hold the 2012 summit on Russky Island, which was a closed military zone during the Soviet-era, was confirmed at the end of the APEC Australia 2007 summit in Sydney, Australia. At a press conference in Sydney, Sergey Darkin, the Governor of Primorsky Krai, estimated the cost of hosting the summit at 147.5 billion rubles, 50% more than previous estimates. The construction of infrastructure serving the summit, by Darkin experts' estimates, would aid the economic development of the Russian Far East and would see more than a sixfold increase of the Gross Regional Product of Primorsky Krai by 2020.
In February 2008, Governor Darkin announced that the general plan of the city development would incorporate summit preparation activities, and that hosting the summit was not a goal in itself, but rather a tool to strengthen Russia's positions in the Asia-Pacific region. The construction projects were to include the building of bridges across Zolotoy Rog Bay and to Russky Island, new roads, modern hotels, a Theater of Opera and Ballet, as well as overall improvements to the city's infrastructure. Later in April, the governor also stated that the buildings serving the summit would later be efficiently re-purposed. In particular, it was suggested to use the conference centre as a new library, while the hotels would remain to facilitate tourism to the island. Vladivostok International Airport was also to be modernised. By the end of April, Primorsky Krai received the first amount of 437 million rubles from the federal budget to commence summit preparations.
On 18 December 2007, the results of the contest to create the summit logo were announced. The logo was to conform to three main criteria: it was to be patriotic, to portray the summit as the main cultural and economic event in Primorsky Krai in 2012, and to use the historical and cultural symbols of Primorsky Krai and Vladivostok. The winning emblem was created by Yevgeny Pogrebnyak, a professional designer and a resident of Vladivostok, who was awarded 65,000 rubles in prize money.
On 8 April 2008, Sergey Stepashin, head of the Account Chamber of Russia, visited Vladivostok with the purpose of auditing summit preparation activities. The audit showed that only six out of 36 summit-related construction projects were properly documented. Stepashin also stated that one of the main priorities was the de-criminalisation of the region, as its criminal image may impede the in-flow of investments, and announced that the development of the Russian Far East region is one of the national priorities of Russia.
In May 2008, the state expert commission approved the project of building a suspension bridge from Vladivostok to Russky Island.
In June 2008, Sergey Stepashin re-iterated the findings of the April audit, explicitly stating that Russia was not yet ready to host the summit. They also stated that in order to rectify the situation, an additional three billion rubles would be necessary to fund the summit preparation activities. Later in June, Dmitry Kozak, then Minister of Regional Development of Russia, also visited Vladivostok to ascertain the progress. They visited Vladivostok International Airport and Russky Island and concluded that meeting all the deadlines is "entirely possible".
On 30 June 2008, the Administration of Primorsky Krai contracted Pacific Ocean Bridge Company to build a bridge across Zolotoy Rog Bay, a project worth 17.9 billion rubles. On 9 July 2008, Viktor Grebnev, the Executive Director of the company, commented that construction of the other bridge—to Russky Island—would be impossible to accomplish on schedule for "technological reasons"; however, Vasiliy Avchenko in Expert argues that the Russian government will build the bridge at any cost, but on time, in order to demonstrate the island's possibilities. The construction of the Zolotoy Rog bridge commenced on 25 July 2008. On 30 July, plans to build the Theatre of Opera and Ballet on a floating island were announced by the Administration of Primorsky Krai. The theatre was to seat up to 2,000 people, and the floating island was scheduled for construction on 1 February 2009. 18.8 million rubles were included in the krai budget for the construction of the theatre. Also announced were the plans to build a medical centre in the Vtoraya Rechka residential area. The medical centre would serve the needs of the summit in 2012 and will be converted into a krai hospital after the summit is concluded.
In August 2008, Nikolay Bulayev, head of the Federal Education Agency, visited Vladivostok to visit the site of the future Far Eastern Federal University, the campus of which will be located on the Russky Island. The campus buildings would include an aquarium, a nature park, a residential area for the students and university personnel. Some of the buildings serving the 2012 summit would also be transferred to the university upon the summit's conclusion. In September 2008, Prime Minister Putin announced that Russian military installations on the island would be removed and the building of the campus of the Far Eastern Federal University would proceed. On 31 August 2008, President Dmitry Medvedev signed Ukaz №1277 authorising the building of the bridge across the Eastern Bosphorus to Russky Island, and appointed a contractor for the construction of the bridge which is expected to cost approximately US$1 billion.
In November 2008, Viktor Basargin, the Minister of Regional Development of Russia, visited Vladivostok International Airport and assessed the progress of construction of the bridges and the buildings on the Russky Island. Overall, the Minister was satisfied with the overall progress and the pace of the construction. Basargin announced that everything would be ready on schedule. Due to the global and Russian financial crises, funding of development for the conference, which stands at 351 billion rubles, may be reduced by 25 billion rubles, due to reduction in the price of construction materials and streamlining of works.
Despite these reductions, the Ministry of Finance of Russia announced in March 2009 that due to the crisis the federal budget was unlikely to have the previously committed 202 billion rubles fully available to finance the summit preparation projects. One of the proposed resolutions was to move the summit to Saint Petersburg, as that city's infrastructure is better developed to host the summit and would be less costly. Originally, First Deputy Prime Minister in Vladimir Putin's Second Cabinet Igor Shuvalov did not confirm that such plans exist, although they noted that the scenario is possible. Later in March, however, Shuvalov held a meeting in Moscow dealing with the issues of the summit planning, at which time it was confirmed that the summit would take place in Vladivostok and not elsewhere. During the meeting, the plans for building the theater of opera and ballet and the medical center were moved to an unspecified later date, but the rest of the construction is supposed to continue on schedule.
Pre-summit tensions
Taiwan's decision to hold live fire drills on 31 August on Taiping Island, ahead of Vietnam's injections were said to have increased tensions in the South China Sea disputes prior to the summit. Disputes also involve Japan and the Philippines against China, which Taiwan supports.
Youth forum & the Voices of the Future program
The APEC Youth Festival opened in Vladivostok in the days preceding the APEC Leader's meeting. The forum took place on the campus of the Far Eastern Federal University on September 2 to 4 in parallel with APEC-2012 Leaders' Week in Vladivostok. Delegates representing the APEC economies included undergraduate and postgraduate students, young scientists, entrepreneurs and politicians, who proposed their own solutions to urgent social and economic problems facing the Asia-Pacific region. At the end of the forum the delegates presented their own declaration which was presented to the APEC Leader's Meeting participants. Selected participants were then invited to join the Voices of the Future delegation and attend the APEC CEO Summit on Russky Island.
See also
Pacific Rim
National costume
East Asia Economic Caucus
East Asia Summit
Asia-Europe Meeting
ASEAN Free Trade Area
References
External links
APEC 2012
Official website for APEC Russia 2012 in Vladivostok
Официальный сайт АТЭС 2012 Россия Владивосток
2012
History of Vladivostok
2012 in Russia
2000s economic history
Economic history of Russia
Diplomatic conferences in Russia
21st-century diplomatic conferences
2012 in international relations
2012 conferences
September 2012 events in Russia
The Peshall Baronetcy, of Horsley in the County of Stafford, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 25 November 1611 for John Peshall. They were a descendant of an ancient Norman family of Peshall, near Eccleshall, Staffordshire, whose representatives were often High Sheriffs of Staffordshire and Shropshire in the 14th and 15th centuries. They were High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1615. The title is presumed to have become extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1712.
Peshall baronets, of Horsley (1611)
Sir John Peshall, 1st Baronet (1562–1646)
Sir John Peshall, 2nd Baronet (1628–1701)
Sir Thomas Peshall, 3rd Baronet (died 1712)
References
The Baronetage of England Containing a Genealogical and Historical Account of all the Baronets now existing Vol I, Edward Kimber and Richard Johnson (1771) pp. 188–198
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
George Joseph Maloof Jr. (born September 2, 1964) is an American entrepreneur and business person.  They are the former owner of the Sacramento Kings, the former owner of the now defunct Sacramento Monarchs, and was minority owner of the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas with their brothers Gavin Maloof, Joe Maloof, Phil Maloof, and sister Adrienne Maloof.  They are part of the Maloof family.
Life and career
Maloof is of Lebanese and Irish descent. They were born and raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where their father, George Sr., operated a Coors beer distributorship. They attended the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where they studied casino management. They graduated Class of 1987 and was a member of the Kappa-Alpha Chapter of the Kappa Sigma fraternity. While at UNLV, Maloof played cornerback for the Runnin' Rebels football team. Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight was their locker mate.
Maloof is the leading force behind the building and operation of the Palms Casino Resort just off Flamingo Road in Las Vegas, Nevada. They have overseen the operation of hotels throughout the Southwest and California, including the Fiesta hotel-casino in North Las Vegas, the Central Palace Casino in Central City, Colorado, and the Palms.
Maloof opened their first casino in Central City, Colorado, before returning to Las Vegas to open the Fiesta in 1994. They then built the 430-room Palms resort in 2001 with family money. The hotel, which boasts more than $50 million in annual profits, boasts stripper poles in private rooms, the Real World Suite (home to MTV's reality series) and an emphasis on hiring beautiful women. "If you have the girls, you are going to get the guys," Maloof once said. The Palms have hosted the MTV Video Music Awards, NBA All-Star weekend and the Ocean's 13 premiere.
The Maloof family helped finance the horror film Feast. The four brothers have also filmed a series of Carl's Jr. commercials, which began airing on October 16, 2006.
Filmography
References
Further reading
Biography of George Maloof Jr. at IMDB.com
Celebrity Week
NBA.com
Entrepreneur.com
External links
George Maloof Jr. at tv.com
George Maloof Jr. at hollywood.com
American billionaires
Living people
1964 births
People from the Las Vegas Valley
Businesspeople from Albuquerque, New Mexico
American real estate businesspeople
American hoteliers
UNLV Rebels football players
American people of Lebanese descent
American people of Irish descent
National Basketball Association executives
National Basketball Association owners
William F. Harrah College of Hotel Administration alumni
The Aeronca C-3 was a light plane built by the Aeronautical Corporation of America in the United States during the 1930s.
Design and development
Its design was derived from the Aeronca C-2. Introduced in 1931, it featured room for a passenger seated next to the pilot. Powered by a new Aeronca E-113 engine, the seating configuration made flight training much easier and many Aeronca owners often took to the skies with only five hours of instruction—largely because of the C-3's predictable flying characteristics. Both the C-2 and C-3 are often described as “powered gliders” because of their gliding ability and gentle landing speeds.
The C-3's distinctive razorback design was drastically altered in 1935 with the appearance of the “roundback” C-3 Master. Retaining the tubular fuselage frame construction, the C-3 Master featured a smaller vertical stabilizer and rudder with a “filled out” fuselage shape that created the new “roundback” appearance and improved the airflow over the tail. With an enclosed cabin (brakes and wing light still cost extra), the 1935 C-3 Master was priced at only $1,895—just a few hundred dollars more than the primitive C-2 of 1930. The low price generated significant sales; 128 C-3 Masters were built in 1935 alone (of 430 C-3s built in all), and the 500th Aeronca aircraft also rolled off the assembly line that same year.
A version of the C-3 with fabric-covered ailerons (instead of metal), designated the Aeronca 100, was built in England under license by Light Aircraft Ltd. (operating as Aeronautical Corporation of Great Britain Ltd.) but the expected sales never materialized—only 24 British-built aircraft were manufactured before production was halted.
Production of the C-3 was halted in 1937 when the aircraft no longer met new U.S. government standards for airworthiness. Many of the C-3's peculiarities—a strictly external wire-braced wing with no wing struts directly connecting the wing panels with the fuselage, extensive fabric construction, single-ignition engine, and lack of an airspeed indicator—were no longer permitted. Fortunately for the legion of Aeronca owners, a “grandfather” clause in the federal regulations allowed their airplanes to continue flying, although they could no longer be manufactured.
Variants
C-3
Production variant.
C-3 Master
Improved variant.
Aeronca 100
British-built variant powered by an Aeronca JAP J-99 (a licence built Aeronca E-113C), 21 built.
Aeronca 300
Improved British variant of the Aeronca 100, one built.
Ely 700
British variant with wider fuselage and two doors, two built.
Surviving aircraft
A-125 – C-3 on display at the Western North Carolina Air Museum in Hendersonville, North Carolina.
A-189 – C-3 airworthy at the Western Antique Aeroplane & Automobile Museum in Hood River, Oregon. It is a floatplane and was built in 1931.
A-194 – C-3 in storage at the Reynolds-Alberta Museum in Wetaskiwin, Alberta. It was built in 1931.
A-215 – C-3 airworthy at the Western Antique Aeroplane & Automobile Museum in Hood River, Oregon. It was built in 1932.
A-246 – PC-3 airworthy at the Eagles Mere Air Museum in Eagles Mere, Pennsylvania.
A-258 – C-3 on static display at the San Diego Air & Space Museum in San Diego, California.
A-288 – C-3 under restoration at the Wright Experience in Warrenton, Virginia.
A-600 – C-3 airworthy with Paul A. Gliddon in Goathland, North Yorkshire.
A-603 – C-3 airworthy with John Illsley. It was flown to South Africa from England in 1936.
A-610 – C-3 airworthy with Nicholas Chittenden in Lostwithiel, Cornwall. This aircraft featured in the 1986 BBC TV film "Flying For Fun", an adaptation of the eponymous 1936 book by Major HJ Parham.
A-614 – C-3 on display at the Yanks Air Museum in Chino, California.
A-668 – C-3 airworthy at the EAA AirVenture Museum in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
A-673 – C-3B airworthy at the Port Townsend Aero Museum in Port Townsend, Washington. It was built in 1936.
A-695 – C-3 on static display in the terminal building at Lunken Airport in Cincinnati, Ohio.
A-717 – C-3 airworthy at the Golden Age Air Museum in Bethel, Pennsylvania. It is marked as NC17404.
A-730 – C-3 airworthy at the Frasca Air Museum in Urbana, Illinois.
A-754 – C-3 airworthy at Cole Palen's Old Rhinebeck Aerodrome in Red Hook, New York. It is registered as N17447.
AB105 – Aeronca 100 airworthy with the Wingnut Syndicate in Warkworth, Auckland.
526 – C-3 in storage at the Shannon Air Museum in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
623 – C-3 airworthy at the Golden Wings Flying Museum in Blaine, Minnesota.
Unknown ID – C-3 under restoration at the Aeronca Museum in Brighton, Michigan.
Unknown ID – C-3 on display at the Wings of History Museum in San Martin, California.
Unknown ID – C-3 under restoration at Generations in Aviation in Jacksonville, Florida. Built in 1932. registered NC12496
Unknown ID – C-3 on static display at the Florida Air Museum in Lakeland, Florida.
Specifications (C-3)
See also
References
Notes
References
High-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1930s United States civil utility aircraft
1930s British civil utility aircraft
C-3
The 2010–11 Hartford Hawks women's basketball team represented the University of Hartford during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. Jennifer Rizzotti returned for their 12th season as head coach. With most of the previous season's roster returning, Hartford was poised to make a run in the America East Conference. Hartford struggled in its non-conference schedule going 3–10, including a season-opening loss to rival Central Connecticut. Hartford salvaged its season by winning the America East conference tournament and qualifying for the NCAA tournament for a second consecutive year.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| America East regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| America East Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Women's Tournament
References
Hartford Hawks women's basketball seasons
Hartford Hawks women's b
Hartford Hawks women's b
WAGR-FM (102.5 FM) is an American radio station broadcasting an urban oldies music format. Licensed to Lexington, Mississippi, United States, it serves the Lexington area. Former owner Brad Cothran died in a one-car accident on May 30, 2009, and the license was assigned to Holmes County Broadcasting Company, LLC effective June 29, 2012.
References
External links
AGR-FM
Robert Alan Rafsky (July 22, 1945 – February 21, 1993) was an American writer, publicist, and HIV/AIDS activist.
Early life and education
Robert Alan Rafsky was born July 22, 1945 to civil servant William L. Rafsky of Łódź, Poland and Selma Rafsky née Chafets in Philadelphia. Their family was politically active. Lawrence C. Rafsky was their brother. They enrolled at Harvard College in the fall of 1963. Rafsky lived in Wigglesworth and volunteered at the Loeb Drama Center. They were expelled for academic reasons but was later readmitted in 1964 and later became the managing editor of The Harvard Crimson. Rafsky graduated from Harvard in 1968.
Career
Rafsky worked as a teacher after graduation, but ultimately pursued more lucrative careers.
Rafsky worked in public relations in New York. They worked for the Empire State Development Corporation, Howard Rubenstein & Associates, and Pro-Media.
Rafsky became involved with ACT UP in 1987 after their diagnosis with AIDS. They later became the chief spokesperson of ACT UP, assisting the organization to gain prominent national coverage. Correspondent and organizer Victor Zonana remarked that Rafsky "was articulate, contentious, persuasive, dogged and very often right." David B. Feinberg called Rafsky the "heart and soul of ACT UP." Rafsky was a nationally recognized HIV/AIDS activist. Their 1992 confrontation with then-presidential candidate Bill Clinton secured much publicity and made HIV/AIDS a presidential campaign issue. Rafsky said, "I can't calm down. I'm dying of AIDS while you're dying of ambition," to which Clinton eventually responded, "I feel your pain." Rafsky also helped draft an AIDS agenda for the Clinton Administration. Additionally, in 1992 Rafsky delivered a speech titled "Bury Me Furiously" at the funeral of fellow ACT UP member Mark Fisher. Within the speech, Rafsky demanded change and publicly denounced the Bush administration for their negligence of the AIDS epidemic. The impact of both the confrontation with Bill Clinton and "Bury Me Furiously" led to not only increased national awareness for the epidemic, but priority for policy within the Clinton administration.
Rafsky was an active member of the Treatment Action Group. Peter Staley said that Rafsky was "enormously influential" in one-to-one interactions. Rafsky wrote personal essays about AIDS for The New York Times, The Village Voice, New York Daily News, OutWeek, and QW. They were writing a book comprising letters to their daughter at the time of their death.
Personal life
They were married to Babette Krolik and had a daughter named Sara. They came out in 1985 and later divorced their wife, sharing joint custody of their daughter. It was at this time that Rafsky began telling their friends they were gay. Around 1987, they contracted AIDS. They died of AIDS-related complications on February 21, 1993 at the New York University Medical Center.
Legacy
Rafsky's role with ACT UP was a focal part of the 2012 documentary How to Survive a Plague.
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of AIDS activists
References
External links
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
American publicists
Harvard College alumni
HIV/AIDS activists
1945 births
1993 deaths
AIDS-related deaths in New York (state)
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Writers from New York City
Writers from Philadelphia
American gay writers
American people of Polish descent
20th-century LGBT people
Manuel Planchart (born 4 October 1942) is a Venezuelan sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Venezuelan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Venezuela
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1917 Chicago White Sox dominated the American League with a record of 100–54. The 100 wins is a club record that still stands. Their offense was first in runs scored while their pitching staff led the league with a 2.16 ERA.
Facing the New York Giants in the 1917 World Series, the team clinched the series in six games, thanks in large part to the workhorse efforts of Eddie Cicotte and Red Faber. It would be the team's last world championship until 2005.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Game log
|- align="text-align:center; bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 1 || April 11 || @ Browns || 7–2 || Scott || @ Hamilton || Danforth || 18,000|| 1.57 || 1–0 || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 2 || April 13 || @ Browns || 3–4 || Koob || Faber || Sothoron || 1,000 || 2:11 ||1–1 || – ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 3 || April 14 || @ Browns || 11–0 || Cicotte
| Hamilton || || 10,000 || 2:02 || 2–1 || || ||
|-align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 4 || April 15 || @ Tigers || 6–2 || Scott|| Covelski || || 15,473 || 1:35 || || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 5 ||April 16 || @ Tigers || 4–0 || Faber || Jones || || 5,200 || 1:41 || 3–1 || – ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 6 || April 17|| @ Tigers || 4–2 || Danforth || Ehmke || Russel || 3,353 || 1:50 || || – ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 7 || April 19 || Indians || 2–6 || Plank || Scott || || 28,000 || 1:58 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 8 || April 20 || Browns || 5–2 || Cicotte || Sothoron || || 6,000 || 1:48 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 9 || April 21 || Browns || 2–0 || Faber || Koob || || 14,000 || 2,000 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 10 || April 22 || Browns || 3–2 || Williams || Groom || || 25,000 || 1:59 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#bbffbb"
| 11 || April 24 ||Indians || 1–0 || Scott || Coveleski || || 5,000 || 1:43 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 12 || April 25 ||Indians || 1–4 || Coumbe || Cicotte || || 1,000 || 1:47 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 13|| April 26 || Indians || 0–3 || Bagby || Faber || || 2,500 || 1:48 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 14 || April 27 || Indians || 1–2 || Klepfer || Scott || Covelski || 4,000 || 2:02 || || ||
|- align=" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 15 || April 28 || Tigers || 3–8 || Faber || Jones || || 4,200 || 2:36 || || ||
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffbbbb"
| 16 || April 29 || Tigers || 0–3 || Mitchell || Faber || || 12,000 || 1:42 || || ||
|-
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Awards and honors
League top five finishers
Eddie Cicotte
#1 in AL in wins (28)
#1 in AL in earned run average (1.53)
#2 in AL in strikeouts (150)
Happy Felsch
#2 in AL in runs batted in (102)
1917 World Series
There were accusations of this series not being completely "on the level," especially after the Black Sox Scandal of 1919. The most notable play involved Heinie Zimmerman of the Giants chasing Eddie Collins across home plate in the deciding game. Zimmerman was later banned from organized baseball for throwing games.
AL Chicago White Sox (4) vs. NL New York Giants (2)
Notes
References
1917 Chicago White Sox at Baseball Reference
Chicago White Sox seasons
American League champion seasons
World Series champion seasons
Chicago White Sox season
Chicago White
Drunk on the Moon is the first full-length album by No Knife, released in April 1996 on Goldenrod Records. Later re-released on Time Bomb Records.
Track listing
"Be Mini" (Mitch Wilson) - 4:05
"Ginger Vitus" (Matt Reese, Wilson) - 4:30
"Habits" (Jeremy Blatchley, Reese, Wilson) - 4:46
"Punch 'n' Judy" (Wilson) - 5:07
"At the Heart of the Terminal" (Wilson) - 4:31
"Kiss Your Killer" (Brian Desjean, Aaron Mancini, Wilson) - 3:38
"Ephedrine" - (Wilson) 5:18
"Small of My Back" (Wilson) - 5:29
"...If I Could Float..." (Wilson) - 3:10
"Titanic" - (Wilson) 1:02
"Daniels" (Reese, Wilson) - 1:48
Personnel
Mitch Wilson – guitar, vocals, artwork
Aaron Mancini – guitar
Brian Desjean – bass
Ike Zaremba – drums, backing vocals
Kym Clift – vocals
Matt Reese – vocals
Mark Trombino – tambourine, producer, recording engineer
Mark Waters - executive producer
Tod Swank - executive producer
Mike Ballard – photography
Miki Vuckovich - live photography
References
External links
Official Homepage
1996 albums
No Knife albums
Lawrence J. "Larry" Suffredin (born October 5, 1947) is currently a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners representing the 13th district which includes the West Ridge and Rogers Park areas of the City of Chicago as well as Glencoe, Niles, Lincolnwood, Evanston, Skokie, Glenview, Wilmette, Kenilworth, Northfield and Winnetka in the north suburbs.
Early life and education
Suffredin was born October 5, 1947 in Evergreen Park, Illinois, and grew up in Westchester, Illinois. They were the first of eight children born to Lawrence J. Suffredin Sr., a World War II combat veteran, and Patricia Mulrainey Suffredin. Their father worked as a Chicago police officer and then became the "Printer to South Water Market" as the owner of Chicago Produce Publishing Company which reported on the local fruit and vegetable market.
After studies at Archbishop Quigley Preparatory Seminary, they received their bachelor's degree from Loyola University Chicago in 1969 and their law degree from Georgetown University in 1972.
Public service
Suffredin worked at the United States Department of Justice in Washington, DC 1969-1970 while in law school. They were an officer in the United States Air Force 1972-1973. They served as an Assistant Public Defender in Cook County from May 15, 1973 to June 30, 1975. They tried 32 juries to verdict as an Assistant Public Defender. They served Missouri Governor Mel Carnahan as special counsel for gaming issues and was the first executive for the new Missouri Gaming Board from 1992-1994. They served as special counsel for the City of Detroit on gaming issues. Suffredin is currently the Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Harbor Quest, Inc., a nonprofit staffing and placement services agency, and serves on the board of the Illinois Council Against Handgun Violence.
Professional career
Suffredin is an attorney; they have argued before the Illinois and United States Supreme Court as well as the United States Court of Appeals and the Illinois Appellate Court. They have tried 136 juries to verdicts.
Suffredin has been in private law practice from 1975 to present, and beginning in 2002, they were elected to the County Board as well. In 2002, they won election as a Cook County Commissioner for the 13th district, of northern suburbs and two neighborhoods on the north side of Chicago. The commissioner is considered a part-time position. They won re-election in the next four elections. They announced that they will not run for re-election in the 2022 election.
Suffredin is a partner in the law firm of Shefsky & Froelich with practices in the areas of lobbying, gaming, government regulation, and securities law. Suffredin served as lead counsel in filing successful gaming applications with the Illinois Gaming Board for riverboat gaming operations. Suffredin has represented the following public entities: Cook County Forest Preserve, Chicago Transit Authority, and the Cities of Chicago, Elgin and Evanston.
Suffredin is a registered lobbyist with Cook County, the City of Chicago, and the State of Illinois. Suffredin's lobbyist clients include or have included resort and casino company MGM Mirage, owners of the Grand Victoria Casino in Elgin, Illinois, and Penn National Gaming, owners of the Hollywood Casino, Aurora, Illinois, the Illinois Alliance of Competitive Telephone Companies, the Donors Forum of Chicago, the Illinois Arts Alliance, and Illinois Citizens for Handgun Control, the Chicago Bar Association, and Kankakee Regional Landfill LLC.  They are also a registered lobbyist for Abbott Laboratories, Nursepower Services Corporation, and Quest Diagnostics.
Cook County Commissioner
Suffredin has served part-time as a Commissioner on the Cook County Board for the 13th district since 2002; they were re-elected four times and will not run in 2022. Suffredin is Chairperson of the Legislation and Intergovernmental Relations and Veterans Committee A committee of the whole, which recommends county positions on state and federal legislation, tracking state and federal funds earmarked for the county; reviews appointments to county boards and commissions, and reviews programs to benefit military veterans. They also serve on the Litigation, Tax and Revenue, Rules and Administration, and the Botanic Garden Committees.
On February 29, 2008 Suffredin voted for, and on July 22, 2008 voted to uphold, a historic Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest sales tax rate in the nation. The Chicago Tribune editorialized that Suffredin "caved to pressure from public employee unions...and they provided the winning vote for this bureaucracy-friendly tax hike" and encouraged constituents to contact Suffredin to "acknowledge the error" by co-sponsoring its repeal.
On October 11, 2017 Suffredin was one of two Commissioners voting to keep Cook County's tax on sweetened beverages. This final vote followed a 15-1 vote of the County Board's finance committee, where Suffredin was the only Commissioner voting to keep the tax.
Personal life
Suffredin and their wife, Gloria Callaci, live in Evanston, Illinois, and have two adult children, Tom and Elizabeth. Tom is the alderman of the 6th Ward of Evanston.
2008 Cook County State's Attorney campaign
Suffredin lost to Anita Alvarez for party nomination in the February 2008 Democratic primary for Cook County State's Attorney.
References
External links
13th Cook County Board District Commissioner Larry Suffredin Political website
Shefsky & Froelich Suffredin's law firm
1947 births
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Living people
Loyola University Chicago alumni
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
People from Evergreen Park, Illinois
People from Westchester, Illinois
A pellet boiler is a heating system that burns wood pellets. Pellet boilers are used in central heating systems for heat requirements (heating load) from 3.9 kW (kilowatt) to 1 MW (megawatt) or more. Pellet central heating systems are used in single family homes, and in larger residential, commercial, or institutional applications. Pellet boiler systems run most efficiently at full load and can usually be regulated down to 30% of full load. Since the warm up phase of pellet boilers usually takes longer than for oil or gas firing systems, short burning phases have negative effects on the fuel efficiency. In order to improve energy efficiency and reduce harmful emissions, pellet boilers are usually combined with buffer systems, such as insulated water tanks.
Operation method
Similar to wood chip heating systems, pellet fuel is delivered periodically and automatically from the pellet storage (for central heating systems) or the day tank (for a pellet stove) according to need in the combustion chamber. With the heat generated from the burning pellets, circuit water is heated in the boiler of the pellet. The heat distribution is the same as in other systems, which use water for heat distribution. Unlike oil or gas heating systems, pellet heating systems require the integration of a hot water tank in the heating system in order to reduce heat losses.
Burning unit
The furnace is automatically supplied with combustible material. The control technology of the system regulates the fuel input gradually in order to match the required heat output. Depending on the specific system, the supplied wood pellets are automatically ignited either with hot air blowers or from a permanent ember bed in the combustion chamber.
Wood pellet heating systems work with different techniques of charging and combustion. There are specifically developed loading techniques for pellet combustion, like drop chute firing, underfeed firing, side-fed firing, or the use of a roller grate system. The method of charging and combustion of the pellet fuel is divided into 5 technologies.
Drop shaft burner - Pellets slide down a drop chute into a burn pot. This way the combustion area is exactly defined, and combustion can therefore be exactly controlled. With this technology the least ash remains compared with other systems and can be carried out of the burn pot by cleaning mechanisms. This type of charging is usually used for Pellet stoves.
Roller grate system - The pellets fall from above onto several slow-turning steel plates with small clearances. A skimmer cleans the clearance spaces with every revolution so that the ash can fall down unhindered and combustion air can be fed through upwards.
Underfeed burner - The pellets are pressed from below into a burn plate by an auger where they are burnt and the ash that remains falls over the edge of the plate into the ash pan below.
Side-fed firing or retorte burner - This technology functions similarly to the underfeed firing except that the fuel is pressed via an auger onto the burn plate from the side. At the same time, the burn plate as well as the air supply can be configured to match partial performances.
Suction technology The 100% burnback security of the drop-chute system is combined with a solid metal rotary valve and prevents coating of the cyclone or suction turbine with dust. The narrow and high cyclone cleans the return air of dust and thereby guarantees maximum service life of the turbine. The variable control firebed possible with the drop principle, together with the high combustion chamber temperatures, makes modulation characteristics possible.
For more efficiency and less pollution in the air, modern pellet heating systems control combustion either via a temperature or flame space sensor in combination with an infinitely variable input of combustion air via a suck-blow fan or a lambda probe. The hot flue gases are led into the chimney via a heat exchanger with manual or automatic cleaning of the reheating surfaces.
Power range and efficiency
Pellet systems are available in different power ranges from about 3.9 Kilowatt single ovens between about 4 and 20 kW. Most systems available today have a power control over the fuel and combustion air supply, so that they can be operated at full load and at part load. Currently pellet boilers achieve a combustion efficiency of about 85-95% at full load (nominal thermal output) in thermal power operation.
With few exceptions, the efficiency decreases when the pellets boiler operates at partial load. The technical heating efficiencies described may vary greatly from the actual plant efficiencies, the reason the plant concept plays a major role. The use of a sufficiently large buffer storage is useful.
Storage and discharge
Day-reservoir
The wood pellets are stored in bulk in a tank or storage area and supplied to the burner by means of a conveyor system. The storage area must be dry, since the pellets react hygroscopically on clammy walls or in high humidity during storage with crumbling.
Compared to oil, wood pellets require about three times the storage volume, though with less technical effort for the space, as unlike pellets, heating oils are water-polluting substances. For storage, the pellets can be accommodated in a single storage space. The floor should be in the shape of a funnel usually made out of wood. At the end of the funnel is the inlet for the screw conveyor or the extraction pipe. More outlets in the storage room ensure unobstructed operation even in case of problems of one of the extraction points. Alternatives to a storage room are prefabricated tanks made of fabric or sheet steel. Buried underground tanks or free-standing silos can be used, if sufficient space is available in the building. In areas with high humidity it is important to use must tight tank systems to ensure the quality of pellet fuel.
Conveyance
To convey the pellets from the storage facility to the boiler room, blower or screw systems can be used. The choice depends primarily on the distance from the storage to the boiler room. For distances greater than two meters, flexible multi-stage screw conveyors are usually necessary. Blower systems can be used flexibly and feed distances up to 20 m. The discharge from the storage room or container is usually also supported by an inclined tank bottom or a hopper outlet.
References
External links
Pellet Boiler
Heating
Georg Christian Wittstein (25 January 1810, in Hann. Münden – 1 June 1887, in Munich) was a German pharmaceutical botanist and chemist.
They trained as a pharmacist in Minden, then worked as a pharmacy assistant in Clausthal, Güstrow und Hanover. In 1840 they received their doctorate from the University of Munich, where they worked for several years as an assistant at the pharmaceutical institute. In 1851–53 they taught classes at the technical school in Ansbach, and afterwards spent many years as director of a private school for chemistry in Munich (1853–79).
The plant genus Wittsteinia (family Alseuosmiaceae) was named in their honor by Ferdinand von Mueller.
Selected works
Anleitung zur Darstellung und Prüfung chemischer und pharmaceutischer Präparate (2nd edition, 1851) – Instructions for presentation and examination of chemical and pharmaceutical preparations.
Etymologisch-botanisches Handwörterbuch (2nd edition, 1856) – Etymological-botanical dictionary.
Taschenbuch der Geheimmittellehre, 1867 – Paperback of nostrums.
The organic constituents of plants and vegetable substances and their chemical analysis, 1878 (by Ferdinand von Mueller; English translation of Wittstein's Anleitung zur chemischen Analyse von Pflanzentheilen auf ihre organischen Bestandtheile).
Die Naturgeschichte des Cajus Plinius Secundus, 1881–82 – Natural history of Pliny the Elder.
Handwörterbuch der Pharmakognosie des Pflanzenreichs – Dictionary of pharmacognosy of the plant kingdom, 1882.
References
1810 births
1887 deaths
People from Hann. Münden
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich alumni
German pharmacists
19th-century German chemists
19th-century German botanists
Kableshkov Ridge (, ‘Kableshkov Rid' \'ka-blesh-kov 'rid\) is the rocky ridge extending 4.5 km in east-southeast direction, 1.5 km wide and rising to 678 m on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is bounded by Zaychar Glacier to the north and Odrin Bay to the southeast, and linked to Detroit Plateau to the west.
The ridge is named after Todor Kableshkov (1851–1876), a leader of the 1876 April Uprising for Bulgarian independence.
Location
Kableshkov Ridge is centred at and its summit is located 1.73 km south of Mikov Nunatak. British mapping in 1978.
Map
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated
Notes
References
Kableshkov Ridge. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Kableshkov Ridge. Copernix satellite image
Ridges of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Rose Pistola was an Italian restaurant in the North Beach neighborhood in San Francisco. Specializing in cuisine from the Ligurian region of Italy, it opened in 1996 and received the James Beard Foundation Award for Best New Restaurant the following year. The restaurant was named after Rose "Pistola" Evangelisti and a popular local bar they owned from the 1950s to the 1970s; chef Reed Hearon and co-owner Laurie Thomas purchased the rights from Evangelisti for an undisclosed sum and a promise that they could visit and eat as they liked.
Rose Pistola closed in February 2017, with its owners citing rising costs and diminished popularity.
See also
James Beard Foundation Award: 1990s
References
1996 establishments in California
2017 disestablishments in California
Cuisine of Liguria
Italian restaurants in California
James Beard Foundation Award winners
North Beach, San Francisco
Restaurants in San Francisco
Restaurants disestablished in 2017
Restaurants established in 1996
In music theory, a major chord is a chord that has a root, a major third, and a perfect fifth. When a chord has these three particular notes, it is called a major triad. For example, the major triad built on C, called a C major triad, has pitches C–E–G:
In harmonic analysis and on lead sheets, a C major chord is usually notated C, Cmaj or CM. A major triad is represented by the integer notation {0, 4, 7}.
A major triad can also be described by its intervals: the interval between the bottom and middle notes is a major third and the interval between the middle and top notes is a minor third. By contrast, a minor triad has a minor third interval on the bottom and major third interval on top. They both contain fifths, because a major third (four semitones) plus a minor third (three semitones) equals a perfect fifth (seven semitones).
In Western classical music from 1600 to 1820 and in Western pop, folk and rock music, a major chord is usually played as a triad. Along with the minor triad, the major triad is one of the basic building blocks of tonal music in the Western common practice period and Western pop, folk and rock music. It is considered consonant, stable, or not requiring resolution. In Western music, a minor chord "sounds darker than a major chord", giving off a sense of sadness or somber feeling.
Some major chords with additional notes, such as the major seventh chord, are also called major chords. Major seventh chords are used in jazz and occasionally in rock music. In jazz, major chords may also have other chord tones added, such as the ninth and the thirteenth scale degrees.
Inversions
A given major chord may be voiced in many ways. For example, the notes of a C major triad, C–E–G, may be arranged in many different vertical orders and the chord will still be a C major triad. However, if the lowest note (i.e. the bass note) is not the root of the chord, then the chord is said to be in an inversion: it is in root position if the lowest note is the root of the chord, it is in first inversion if the lowest note is its third, and it is in second inversion if the lowest note is its fifth. These inversions of a C major triad are shown below.
The additional notes above the bass note can be in any order and the chord still retains its inversion identity. For example, a C major chord is considered to be in first inversion if its lowest note is E, regardless of how the notes above it are arranged or even doubled.
Major chord table
In this table, the chord names are in the leftmost column. The chords are given in root position. For a given chord name, the following three columns indicate the individual notes that make up this chord. Thus in the first row, the chord is C major, which is made up of the individual pitches C, E and G.
{| class="wikitable"
!Chord
!Root
!Major third
!Perfect fifth
|-
!C
|C
|E
|G
|-
!C
|C
|E (F)
|G
|-
!D
|D
|F
|A
|-
!D
|D
|F
|A
|-
!D
|D
|F (G)
|A
|-
!E
|E
|G
|B
|-
!E
|E
|G
|B
|-
!F
|F
|A
|C
|-
!F
|F
|A
|C
|-
!G
|G
|B
|D
|-
!G
|G
|B
|D
|-
!G
|G
|B (C)
|D
|-
!A
|A
|C
|E
|-
!A
|A
|C
|E
|-
!A
|A
|C (D)
|E (F)
|-
!B
|B
|D
|F
|-
!B
|B
|D
|F
|-
|}
Just intonation
Most Western keyboard instruments are tuned to equal temperament. In equal temperament, each semitone is the same distance apart and there are four semitones between the root and third, three between the third and fifth, and seven between the root and fifth.
Another tuning system that is used is just intonation. In just intonation, a major chord is tuned to the frequency ratio 4:5:6.
This may be found on I, IV, V, VI, III, and VI. In equal temperament, the fifth is only two cents narrower than the just perfect fifth, but the major third is noticeably different at about 14 cents wider.
See also
Major and minor
Musical tuning
Minor chord
Otonality and Utonality
References
External links
Major triads explained on a virtual piano
Major chords explained on a virtual piano
Chords
Daniel Mathias Høegh (; born 6 January 1991) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Randers FC. Høegh formerly played for SC Heerenveen, FC Basel and Odense Boldklub.
Career
Born in Odense, Denmark, Høegh started played for Odense Boldklub's youth ranks from 2004 to 2010. On 30 August 2010 they made their debut for the first team against FC Midtjylland and played all 90 minutes.
On 2 June 2015, it was announced that Høegh joined Swiss club Basel on a free transfer. Under trainer Urs Fischer Høegh won the Swiss Super League championship at the end of the 2015–16 Super League season. For the club it was the seventh title in a row and their 19th championship title in total.
On 5 October 2020, Høegh joined Danish Superliga champions FC Midtjylland on a free transfer. After two years at Midtjylland, Høegh signed a three-year deal with Randers FC on 19 July 2022.
Career statistics
Honours
FC Basel
Swiss Super League: 2015–16, 2016–17
Swiss Cup: 2016–17
References
External links
Profile season 2015/16 on the Swiss Football League homepage
"Daniel Høegh" profile. Odense Boldklub (Danish)
1991 births
Living people
Footballers from Odense
Association football central defenders
Danish footballers
Danish expatriate footballers
Odense Boldklub players
FC Basel players
SC Heerenveen players
FC Midtjylland players
Randers FC players
Danish Superliga players
Swiss Super League players
Eredivisie players
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Danish expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Danish expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
"11" is a song by American singer-songwriter Cassadee Pope from their debut solo album, Frame by Frame (2013). Pope co-wrote the song, which tells the story of their parents' divorce, with Nathan Chapman, while the production was handled by Dann Huff.
Background and release
"11" was released onto iTunes on August 27, 2013 as the second of four promotional countdown singles leading up to the album's release. A music video featuring childhood photos and clips of home videos from their family was posted on Pope's YouTube channel August 28 and on their VEVO channel on September 12, 2013.
Upon release, the song was met with generally positive reviews from music critics. It debuted at #38 on the Hot Country Songs chart, the highest debut of the promotional tracks.
Chart performance
References
Cassadee Pope songs
Republic Nashville singles
Country ballads
Songs written by Nathan Chapman (record producer)
2013 songs
2013 singles
Republic Records singles
Songs written by Cassadee Pope
Miss World Spain 2013 was the very 1st edition of the Miss World Spain pageant, held on June 23, 2013. The winner was Elena Ibarbia Jiménez of Basque and they represented Spain in Miss World 2013.
Final results
Special Awards
Official Delegates
Notes
Withdrawals
Almería
Araba
Asturias
Ávila
Badajoz
Barcelona
Burgos
Cáceres
Cádiz
Cantabria
Castile and León
Ciudad Real
Cuenca
Ceuta
Gerona
Guadalajara
Guipúzcoa
Huesca
Jaén
La Coruña
La Rioja
León
Lérida
Lugo
Navarre
Orense
Pontevedra
Salamanca
Soria
Tarragona
Teruel
Toledo
Valladolid
Vizcaya
Zamora
Zaragoza
References
External links
Miss Spain
2013 in Spain
2013 beauty pageants
Next Star may refer to:
Music competition series
Next Star (Romanian TV series), a Romanian youth musical reality competition television series that debuted in 2013
Next Star (Swedish TV series), a 2008–2010 Swedish youth musical reality competition television series
Next Persian Star, an Iranian television show that aired on TV Persia
The Next Star, a 2008–2014 Canadian youth musical reality competition television series that aired on YTV
HaKokhav HaBa or The Next Star (Israel), an Israeli interactive reality singing competition, broadcast on Israeli Channel 2
Are You The Next Big Star?, reality music competition to find two new solo musical talents, created and developed by GMA New Media, Inc.
Sports competition series
Football's Next Star, a 2010 British reality competition television series to discover young football talents that aired on Sky 1
Football's Next Star (Irish TV series), a 2012 Irish reality competition television series to discover young football talents that aired on RTÉ Two
Skating's Next Star, a 2006 American reality competition television series that aired on WE tv
Others
Next Action Star, American reality television program shown on NBC in June and July 2004
Next Star, a player development initiative of Australia's National Basketball League
See also
Nexstar (disambiguation)
Sacol is an island in Zamboanga City, Philippines.
See also
List of islands of the Philippines
References
External links
Sacol Island at OpenStreetMap
Islands of Zamboanga City
(Robert) Charles Swanton is British physician scientist specialising in oncology and cancer research. Swanton is a senior group leader at London's Francis Crick Institute, Royal Society Napier Professor in Cancer and thoracic medical oncologist at University College London and University College London Hospitals, co-director of the Cancer Research UK (CRUK) Lung Cancer Centre of Excellence, and Chief Clinician of Cancer Research UK.
Education
Swanton completed was educated at St Paul's School, London and completed their PhD in 1999 at what was then the Imperial Cancer Research Fund Laboratories (now the Francis Crick Institute) and their Cancer Research UK clinician scientist/medical oncology training in 2008.
Research and career
Swanton combines their laboratory research with clinical duties as co-director of the CRUK Lung Cancer Centre, focussed on how tumours evolve over space and time. They have helped to define the branched evolutionary histories of solid tumours, processes that drive cancer cell-to-cell variation in the form of new cancer mutations or chromosomal instabilities, and the impact of such cancer diversity on effective immune surveillance and clinical outcome.
Swanton is a co-founder of Achilles Therapeutics with Sergio Quezada, Karl Peggs and Mark Lowdell. Achilles Therapeutics is a UCL/CRUK and Francis Crick Institute biotechnology company funded by Syncona that develops adoptive T cell therapies targeting clonal/truncal neo-antigens present in every tumour cell to limit drug resistance and tumour evolution.
Awards and honours
1997: Imperial Cancer Research Fund's (ICRF) Pontecorvo PhD thesis prize
2011: Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP)
2014: Jeremy Jass Prize in pathology
2015: Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences (FMedSci)
2015: Stand up to Cancer Translational Cancer Research Prize
2016: Glaxo Smithkline Biochemical Society Prize
2016: San Salvatore prize for Cancer Research
2017: CRUK Translational Research Prize in 2017,
2017: EMBO Member in 2017
2017: Ellison-Cliffe Medal by the Royal Society of Medicine
2018: Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS)
2018: Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Centre Kraft Prize
2018: Gordon Hamilton Fairley Medal and Lecture
2019: ESMO Translational Research Award
2020: Addario Lung Cancer Foundation Award and Lecture
2021: Weizmann Institute - Sergio Lambroso Award in Cancer Research
2021: Paul Marks Prize for Cancer Research
Personal life
Swanton is the son of Robert Howard Swanton (MD, FRCP) a consultant cardiologist at UCL.
References
1972 births
Living people
People educated at St Paul's School, London
Alumni of University College London
British oncologists
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Members of the European Molecular Biology Organization
Erigeron multiradiatus is an Asian species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Himalayan fleabane. It grows at high elevations in the mountains of central and south-central Asia, in Iran, Afghanistan, Bhutan, India, Kashmir, Nepal, and China (Sichuan, Tibet, Yunnan).
Erigeron multiradiatus is a branching perennial herb up to 60 centimeters (2 feet) tall, producing a woody rhizome. The plant generally has several Flower heads per stem, each head containing numerous lilac or lavender or purple ray florets surrounding many yellow disc florets.
References
Flora of Asia
multiradiatus
Plants described in 1849
Wangshi () is a town under the administration of Haicheng in central Liaoning province, China, located east of downtown Haicheng. , it has five residential communities () and 19 villages under its administration.
See also
List of township-level divisions of Liaoning
References
Towns in Liaoning
Haicheng, Liaoning
Pakhtusovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 13 as of 2002.
Geography
Pakhtusovo is located 43 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mishukovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Joshua Roman (born December 16, 1983) is an American cellist.
Background
An Oklahoma native, Joshua Roman attended the Cleveland Institute of Music. At CIM, they studied with Richard Aaron and Desmond Hoebig. Roman received their Bachelor of Music Degree in Cello Performance in 2004, and their master's degree in 2005. At the age of 22, Roman was appointed principal cellist of the Seattle Symphony Orchestra in 2006, becoming the youngest principal player in Seattle Symphony history.
In 2006, the Seattle Post-Intelligencer called Roman's premiere performance an "auspicious beginning," noting that "Roman played with ease and confidence, the sound relaxed and singing, the phrasing shapely, the tone well projected seemingly without effort."
In 2007, Melinda Bargreen of the Seattle Times noted that Roman "played with heart-stopping beauty... [and his] "big, succulent tone and impassioned style perfectly suited the music."
In January 2008, Roman submitted their resignation as principal cellist at the conclusion of the 2007–2008 season to pursue a solo career.
Awards
Roman has won prizes at competitions including the Klein, ASTA, Washington, Stulberg, NFMC, H-A Music Society, Corpus Christi, Kingsville, CIM, Cleveland Cello Society and Buttram. They have performed as a member of Cleveland Orchestra, and soloed with a number of symphony and chamber orchestras including the Cleveland Institute of Music Orchestra, the Wyoming Symphony, the Oklahoma City Philharmonic and the Symphony of Southern New Jersey.
References
External links
Joshua Roman's home page
"The dancer, the singer, the cellist ... and a moment of creative magic" (TED2015)
1983 births
Living people
American classical cellists
Cleveland Institute of Music alumni
Musicians from Oklahoma
Place of birth missing (living people)
Untitled is a painting created by American artist Jean-Michel Basquiat in 1981. The artwork, which depicts a fisherman displaying their catch hanging at the end of a line, sold for $26.4 million at Christie's in November 2012.
History
Jean-Michel Basquiat painted Untitled in 1981, a pivotal year when they transitioned from street artist into the adulation of the New York art scene. They worked in the basement of Annina Nosei's gallery in SoHo where Untitled was executed. The artwork depicts a fisherman wearing a crown of thorns and a halo of the same nature.  They are standing at the center of the canvas proudly displays their catch, a large fish hanging at the end of a fishing rod. Their black body reveals a white skeletal figure.
The painting had previously been auctioned in 1988, a few months after Basquiat's death, and sold for $110,000. Sold by fashion photographer Patrick Demarchelier in 2012, it was anticipated to break records before its auction in 2012. Loic Gouzer, international specialist of post-war and contemporary art at Christie's said in a statement: "In contrast to most artists, Basquiat created their best paintings at the beginning of their career. Untitled 1981 unites all the elements of energy, freedom and boldness that one looks for in Basquiat. The market has been waiting a long time for a work of this caliber and freshness, therefore we expect it to set a new record for Basquiat, an artist who is in the process of being recognized as a classic of Post-War American Art alongside Warhol, De Kooning and Pollock." The painting lived up to the pre-sale hype, selling for $26.4 million in November 2012. The sale exceeded Basquiat's previous record of $20.1 million for another Untitled (1981) sold in June 2012. That record has since been surpassed by multiple other paintings. Their current record high at auction is Untitled (1982), which sold for $110.5 million at Sotheby's in May 2017.
Exhibitions
The painting has been exhibited at the following art institutions:
Jean-Michel Basquiat at Whitney Museum of American Art in New York, October 1992–February 1993; The Menil Collection in Houston, March–May 1993; Des Moines Art Center in Iowa, May–August 1993; Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts in Alabama, November 1993–January 1994.
Basquiat at Fondation Beyeler in Switzerland, May–September 2010; Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris, October 2010–January 2011.
See also
List of paintings by Jean-Michel Basquiat
References
Paintings by Jean-Michel Basquiat
1981 paintings
Fish in art
The white-throated tapaculo (Scelorchilus albicollis) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Chile.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-throated tapaculo has two subspecies. The nominate Scelorchilus albicollis albicollis was described by Kittlitz in 1830. The second, S. a. atacamae, was described by Carl Eduard Hellmayr in 1924.
Description
The adult of the nominate subspecies of white-throated tapaculo has a cinnamon forehead, a bold white supercilium, and gray-brown upper parts. The rump is lightly barred. The underparts are whitish darkening to pale cinnamon on the belly. Most of the underparts have dark brown bars. The subspecies S. a. atacamae is similarly colored but paler; in particular the upper parts are much more gray than brown. The juveniles are similar to the adults but barred all over. The white-throated tapaculo is approximately long.
Distribution and habitat
The white-throated tapaculo is found only in Chile. Subspecies S. a. atacamae ranges from the Antofagasta Region south to the northern part of the Coquimbo Region. S. a. albicollis is found from the Coquimbo Region south to the Maule Region. The more northern part of its range is characterized by xeric shrublands and the more southerly part by woodlands and scrub in a Mediterranean climate. The species is usually found from sea level to but also up to . It is thought to be sedentary.
Behavior
Feeding
The white-throated tapaculo's diet is almost exclusively arthropods. It forages mostly on the ground in dense cover.
Breeding
The white-throated tapaculo's nest is a cup made of soft grass built at the end of a tunnel up to long. Eggs are laid in September and October. Both the male and the female incubate the eggs and feed the nestlings.
Vocalization
The white-throated tapaculo sings from the ground or a low perch. The typical song is a series of "barking" notes falling in pitch . The call is a harsh grunt that has been compared to a pig's .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-throated tapaculo as of The Least Concern. It has a fairly large range that includes some protected areas. The population has not been quantified but the species is "fairly common" and their number is believed to be stable.
References
white-throated tapaculo
Endemic birds of Chile
white-throated tapaculo
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Dart is a book of poetry written by British poet Alice Oswald. It was published in 2002, and won the T. S. Eliot Prize for poetry.
Content
Dart consists of one long poem about the River Dart in Devon, England. It combines prose and poetry. Oswald is a gardener at Dartington Hall, an estate in South Devon. They spent three years recording their conversations with people who live and work on the river; the poem is their homage to them and to the river. The river, they said, has a "frightening female presence...she seemed female from the people I talked to".
Like the river, the poem starts on Dartmoor, and ends at Dartmouth, in the sea. People introduced along the way include "at least one mythical figure ("Jan Coo: their name means So-and-So of the Woods"), a naturalist, a fisherman and bailiff, dead tin miners, a forester, a water nymph, a canoeist, town boys, a swimmer, a water extractor, a dairy worker, a sewage worker, a stonewaller, a boat builder, a poacher, an oyster gatherer, a ferryman, a naval cadet, a river pilot and finally a seal watcher".
Reception
Jeanette Winterson praised the poem on their website, saying "This moving, changing poem, as fast-flowing as the river and as deep, is a celebration of difference – the great variety of the natural world, and the escapes of the human spirit". David Wheatley said it was a "heartening book", and that "Oswald shows that poetry need not choose between Hughesian deep myth and Larkinesque social realism". They praised the poem as ambitious and said that Oswald "shows, post-New Generation, that wry ironies and streetwise demotic do not exhaust the available range of tonal and thematic possibilities".
The poem has been studied by ecocritics; Rowan Middleton, who published a lengthy article on the poem in Green Letters, a journal of ecocriticism, saw aspects of Claude Lévi-Strauss's bricolage in the poem. In response to critics of environmentalist works of art who object that works of art "that focus on physical connection with a local environment" fall short, because they lack a globalized interconnectedness, they argue that "Oswald's poem transcends the physical through its engagement with the river's spiritual and mythological aspects".
References
2002 poetry books
British poetry collections
T. S. Eliot Prize-winning works
The DKW Schnellaster, also known as the DKW F89 L, was a van produced by DKW from 1949 to 1962. Alongside the DKW F89 passenger car, it was the first vehicle to be manufactured by the new Auto Union conglomerate in Ingolstadt following the re-establishment of the business in West Germany. The model name Schnellaster translates from German to English as Rapid Transporter.
Design
The Schnellaster is of a one box or monospace configuration featuring front wheels set forward in the passenger cabin, a short sloping aerodynamic hood, front-wheel drive, transverse engine (early, two cylinder models only), flat load floor throughout with flexible seating and cargo accommodations. These same features make the Schnellaster a precursor of the modern minivan, a body configuration subsequently popularized in notable examples such as the Renault Espace, or the Chrysler Voyager/Dodge Caravan and, mechanically, of the BMC Mini plus most modern cars.
The van included a trailing arm rear suspension system incorporating springs in the cross bar assembly. The modern layout featured a prewar two-cylinder 700 cc two-stroke engine of the DKW F8 rated at 20 hp (22 hp after 1952). In 1955 the van received the DKW F9's three cylinder unit with 900 cc, producing .
The van's layout enabled a flat loading floor only off the ground. It was also fitted with a large single rear door fitted to hinges on the right-hand side.
World markets
The van was also produced in Vitoria, Spain, by subsidiary Industrias del Motor S.A. (IMOSA) from 1954. In Spain, DKW became a common term for any van, and is still used today. The Spanish subsidiary also produced a modern successor with all new bodywork, introduced in 1963 and called the DKW F1000 L. This van started with the three-cylinder 981 cc two-stroke DKW engine, but later received a Mercedes-Benz Diesel engine and was finally renamed a Mercedes-Benz in 1975.
The Finnish heavy vehicle producer Suomen Autoteollisuus assembled a series of ten Schnellasters in Karis, Finland at the turn of November 1956. The vehicle was branded Donau-Sisu. The bodies were welded in Finland by use of fixtures delivered from West Germany. Welding of the complete body took just two hours per unit. Plans were in place for a larger scale production but it was not started because the technically archaic vehicle did not meet the needs of the potential Finnish customers. One repairable Donau-Sisu has survived and saved by vintage vehicle enthusiasts at the end of 2011.
Argentina
From 1960 to 1969 the DKW van was manufactured under licence by Industrias Automotriz de Santa Fe (IASFe) in Argentina as the Auto Union Combi, Pickup, Furgón (van) and Ambulance after producing the Schnellaster for 10 years. The factory had closed its doors, but Industrias Mecánicas del Estado (IAME) continued production of the DKW F1000 L as the Rastrojero Frontalito from 1969 until 1979 in single and double cab pickup and flatbed, minibus, and van versions. The Frontalito F 71 received the Indenor 1948 cc XD88 diesel engine, as did so many other Rastrojero vehicles. Claimed power is DIN. In 1974 the Frontalito was updated and was now called the SM 81.
See also
Tempo Matador
VW T1
References
External links
DKW Schnellaster site
Cars introduced in 1949
Schnellaster
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Minivans
Jeffery Bernard Simmons Jr. (born July 28, 1997) is an American football defensive tackle for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Mississippi State and was drafted by the Titans with the 19th pick in the 2019 NFL Draft.
College career
After a standout career playing at Noxubee County High School in Mississippi, Simmons was considered a five-star prospect and committed to Mississippi State over Alabama and Ole Miss.
Simmons played in 12 games, starting three, as a true first-year student in 2016. They had a breakout season in 2017 and was a consensus selection to the 2017 All-SEC football team. On December 20, 2018, Simmons declared for the 2019 NFL Draft. On February 12, 2019, Simmons tore their ACL while training for the draft.
College statistics
Professional career
Simmons was drafted by the Tennessee Titans with the 19th pick in the 2019 NFL Draft.
2019 season: Rookie year
On May 22, 2019, Simmons signed a four-year $12.66 million rookie contract with a team option for a fifth year with a $7.23 million signing bonuses. They were placed on the reserve/non-football injury list to start the 2019 season while recovering from their torn ACL.
On October 19, 2019, the Titans activated Simmons from the non-football injury list. They made their NFL debut the next day against the Los Angeles Chargers. In the game, Simmons recorded 4 tackles and sacked Philip Rivers once in the 23–20 win. The Titans finished with a 9–7 record, qualifying for the playoffs, with Simmons starting all seven games from weeks 8 to 15, recording 32 tackles, two sacks, and one pass deflection.
In the playoffs, the Titans won upsets over the New England Patriots and the Baltimore Ravens before losing the AFC Championship game against eventual Super Bowl champions, Kansas City Chiefs, with Simmons playing in all three games. In the Divisional Round against the Ravens, Simmons recovered a fumble forced by teammate Jurrell Casey on Lamar Jackson during the 28–12 road victory.
2020 season
During Week 3 against the Minnesota Vikings, Simmons recorded their first sack of the season during the 31–30 road victory. Simmons was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the team on October 3. They were activated on October 15. In Week 9 against the Chicago Bears, Simmons forced a fumble on running back David Montgomery that was recovered and returned by teammate Desmond King for a 63 yard touchdown during the 24–17 win. Simmons was named the AFC Defensive Player of the Week for their performance in Week 9.
2022 season
The Titans picked up the fifth-year option on Simmons' contract on April 27, 2022.
NFL statistics
Personal life
In college, Simmons was a two-time member of the SEC Academic Honor Roll. Simmons' brother, Dylan Bradley, played football at Southern Miss and then spent time with the Minnesota Vikings while their uncle, Jason Hatcher, played 10 total seasons with the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins. Away from football, Simmons enjoys fishing and spending time outdoors. They have a son named Jeffery Jr. and two sisters, Brooke and Ashley.
Controversy
Arrest for assault
In March 2016 during their senior year in high school, Simmons was arrested and pleaded no contest to assault after a video surfaced showing them repeatedly hitting a woman while they were on the ground during a fight with Simmons' sister and mother.
Spitting accusation
Following the 2019-2020 Divisional Playoff game between the Tennessee Titans and the Baltimore Ravens, Ravens' guard Marshal Yanda accused Simmons of spitting in their face during the game. This was the first and only time in Yanda's 13-year NFL career that they had publicly accused another player of anything.
The first time Simmons was asked about the event by a reporter during an interview before a practice the following week, Simmons did not directly deny the accusation.
References
External links
Sports Reference (college)
Mississippi State Bulldogs bio
1997 births
Living people
Players of American football from Mississippi
People from Macon, Mississippi
American football defensive tackles
Mississippi State Bulldogs football players
Tennessee Titans players
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Dar Khuni (, also Romanized as Dar Khūnī) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Colin Needham (born 26 January 1967) is an English entrepreneur who is known as the founder and CEO of IMDb. They have been general manager of IMDb since its acquisition by Amazon in 1998.
Early life
Needham was born in Denton, Lancashire, and grew up on Stockport Road. They attended Audenshaw School and Clarendon Sixth Form College in Hyde. They graduated from the University of Leeds with a BSc (Hons) in Computer Science in 1988.
Career
IMDb was started in 1990 while Needham was working as an engineer in Bristol at Hewlett-Packard (HP). The site evolved from what was initially their personal movie database, which became an internet bulletin board made from simple records, kept on a succession of early computers and contributed to by several persons, all of whom Needham outlasted.
By the summer of 1996, thanks to IMDb's first film-related advertising campaign (for Independence Day), Needham had quit HP to work on IMDb full-time as a paid employee. In 1999, they collected two Webby Awards for IMDb. In February 2017, Needham decided to remove the message boards from IMDb, stating that the message boards "are no longer providing a positive, useful experience for the vast majority of our more than 250 million monthly users worldwide".
Personal life
Needham married Karen Gaskin in 1989. They have twin daughters and live in Filton, Gloucestershire.  They are a fan of early 20th-century classical Russian composers, particularly Dmitri Shostakovich.
References
External links
Col Needham interview – The Open Mind, 21 February 2015
British Internet celebrities
Businesspeople from Manchester
Amazon (company) people
1967 births
Living people
People from Denton, Greater Manchester
People from South Gloucestershire District
Alumni of the University of Leeds
An oil heater, also known as an oil-filled heater, oil-filled radiator, or column heater, is a common form of convection heater used in domestic heating. Although filled with oil, it is electrically heated and does not involve burning any oil fuel; the oil is used as a heat reservoir (buffer), not as a fuel.
Function
Oil heaters consist of metal columns with cavities inside, where heat transfer oil flows freely around the heater. A heating element at the base of the heater heats up the oil, which flows around the cavities of the heater by convection. The oil has a relatively high specific heat capacity and high boiling point. The high specific heat capacity allows the oil to effectively transfer thermal energy from the heating element, while the oil's high boiling point allows it to remain in the liquid phase for the purpose of heating, so that the heater does not have to be a high pressure vessel.
The heating element heats the oil, which transfers heat to the metal wall through convection, through the walls via conduction, then to the surroundings via air convection and thermal radiation. The columns of oil heaters are typically constructed as thin fins, such that the surface area of the metal columns is large relative to the amount of oil and element which provides the warmth. A large surface area allows more air to be in contact with the heater at any point in time, allowing for the heat to be transferred more effectively, which results in a surface temperature which is safe enough to touch. The relatively large specific heat capacity of the oil and metal parts means this type of heater takes a few minutes to heat up and cool down, providing a short-term thermal store.
Efficiency
Although oil heaters are more expensive to run and provide far less spatial heating than gas heaters, they are still commonly used in bedrooms and other small-to-medium-sized enclosed areas. This is because gas heaters, especially without flue, are not suitable for bedroom use - gas heaters cannot be used in confined spaces due to the reduced oxygen, and the emissions produced. This leaves electrically powered heaters, such as oil heaters, fan heaters and heat pumps, as the only alternative.
Several efficiency metrics can be measured in regard to heaters, such as the efficiency of heating a room with a given amount of power, and the efficiency of the electrical generator which powers the heater and power loss from transporting the electricity over power lines. Measures may also consider how effective a heater keeps the temperature of a space above a certain point. Such measures would find inefficiencies in heating an already warm room. Many heaters (the majority of available models) are equipped with a thermostat to prevent this inefficient heating, which in turn reduces running costs. This feature was much more common in oil heaters than in cheaper fan heaters until recently; thus many older oil heaters will be cheaper and more efficient to run than their contemporary fan heaters that lack a thermostat.
Typical oil heaters range in power consumption/output from 500 to 2400 watts, and their length and number of columns is roughly proportional to their power rating. A 2400 watt oil heater is usually approximately 1 meter (3.3 feet) in length. Operating costs are typically linearly determined by the heater's wattage and the length of operating time: a 500 watt heater will take at least twice as long to reach the same thermostat setting as a 1000 watt unit; the total consumption of electricity is the same for both.
All electric resistance heaters are 100% efficient at converting incoming electric energy into heat. However, since most mains electricity is produced by coal/oil/gas generators with ~30% efficiency, electric heat is often less efficient and more expensive than combustion heaters (which directly convert oil/gas to heat). By contrast, an electrical heat pump used for home heating typically has an efficiency well above 100%, expressed as its coefficient of performance, because it moves outside heat into a room rather than generating it.
Safety and features
The primary risk of oil heaters is that of fire and burns. In both regards they are generally more dangerous than heat pumps, hydronics and air conditioning, but less dangerous than electric fan heaters or bar radiators; this is due to the surface temperature of each type of heater.
Most modern small heaters have some form of tilt sensor to cut power if they are knocked over or placed on an unstable surface– which can reduce the risk of fire if a heater is knocked over.
From a safety standpoint, it is best to avoid having any object within three feet of an oil heater. Using an oil heater to dry clothes is not recommended by any modern manufacturer. Even though the surface temperature of the heater in normal operation is quite low, the extra thermal resistance of the clothing on the heater can cause its surface temperature to rise to the material's autoignition temperature. Some oil heaters contain strong warnings to avoid operation in damp areas (such as bathrooms or laundry rooms) because the moisture and humidity can damage components of the heater itself.
Oil heaters have been known to explode when their thermal fuses fail to trigger a shutdown, which can cause fire, thick black smoke, unpleasant odours, oil on walls and other surfaces, and disfiguring scalding.
Some companies offer oil heaters with a fan, to increase the air flow over the heater. Since it is constantly bringing the colder air from the room into contact with the heater, that can improve the rate of heat flow from the heater into the room. The rate of heat flow from the heater into the air in contact with it is higher when there is a greater temperature difference between the heater and the air.
References
Heaters
Residential heating appliances
The Jacksonville Free Press is a weekly newspaper serving the African-American community of Jacksonville, Florida. The newspaper was founded in 1986 by Rita Carter Perry, Florida's first female founding publisher.
See also
The Jacksonville Advocate
References
External links
Jacksonville Free Press official site
Jacksonville Free Press fully available full text available from the University of Florida's Digital Collections
Mass media in Jacksonville, Florida
Jacksonville Free Press
Companies based in Jacksonville, Florida
African-American newspapers
Newspapers established in 1986
1986 establishments in Florida
The Constitutio Antoniniana (Latin for: "Constitution [or Edict] of Antoninus") (also called the Edict of Caracalla or the Antonine Constitution) was an edict issued in AD 212, by the Roman Emperor Caracalla. It declared that all free men in the Roman Empire were to be given full Roman citizenship (by extension all free women in the Empire were to be given the same rights as Roman women, such as the jus trium liberorum), with the exception of the dediticii, people who had become subject to Rome through surrender in war, and freed slaves.
Before AD 212, full Roman citizenship was mostly only held by inhabitants of Roman Italy. Colonies of Romans established in the provinces, Romans (or their descendants) living in provinces, the inhabitants of various cities throughout the Empire, and small numbers of local nobles (such as kings of client countries) also held full citizenship. Provincials, on the other hand, were usually non-citizens, although some held the Latin Right. Veterans of the Auxilia were also granted Roman citizenship on discharge. Being a Roman citizen remained a well sought-after status till 212.
As a result, vast numbers of new citizens assumed the nomen Aurelius, in honour of their patron (whose full name was Marcus Aurelius Antoninus), including several emperors: seven of the eleven emperors between Gallienus and Diocletian (Claudius Gothicus, Quintillus, Probus, Carus, Carinus, Numerian and Maximian) bore the name "Marcus Aurelius".
Analysis
The Roman jurist Ulpian ( 170223) states in the Digest: "All persons throughout the Roman world were made Roman citizens by an edict of the Emperor Antoninus Caracalla" (D. 1.5.17).
The context of the decree is still subject to discussion. According to historian and politician Cassius Dio ( AD 155 AD 235), the main reason Caracalla passed the law was to increase the number of people available to tax. In the words of Cassius Dio: "This was the reason why they made all the people in their empire Roman citizens; nominally they were honoring them, but their real purpose was to increase their revenues by this means, inasmuch as aliens did not have to pay most of these taxes." However, few of those that gained citizenship were wealthy, and while it is true that Rome was in a difficult financial situation, it is thought that this could not have been the sole purpose of the edict. Cassius Dio generally saw Caracalla as a bad, contemptible emperor.
Another goal may have been to increase the number of men able to serve in the legions, as only full citizens could serve as legionaries in the Roman army. In scholarly interpretations that agree with a model of moral degeneration as the reason for the fall of the Roman Empire, most famously the model followed by British historian Edward Gibbon, the edict came at a cost to the auxiliaries, which primarily consisted of non-citizen men.
Additionally, before the edict, one of the main ways to acquire Roman citizenship was to enlist in the Roman army, the completion of service in which would give the citizenship to the discharged soldier. The edict may have made enlistment in the army less attractive to most, and perhaps the recruiting difficulties of the Roman army by the end of the 3rd century were related to this .
In the analyses of more recent scholars, the Constitutio Antoniniana marks a major milestone in the provincialisation of Roman law, meaning that the gap between private law in the provinces and private law in Italy narrowed. This is because, in granting citizenship to all men in the provinces, much private law had to be re-written to conform with the law that applied to Roman citizens in Rome. To these scholars, it therefore also marks the beginning of a process by which imperial constitutions became the primary source of Roman law.
See also
Constitution (Roman law)
Peregrinus (Roman)
References
External links
The Roman Law Library, incl. Constitutiones principis
212
3rd century in law
Roman nationality law
Edicts
210s in the Roman Empire
Caracalla
The Rarotonga monarch (Pomarea dimidiata), also known as the Rarotonga flycatcher or kakerori, is a species of bird in the monarch flycatcher family Monarchidae. It is endemic to the Cook Islands.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Rarotonga monarch was originally described in the genus Monarcha. Alternate names include Cook Island flycatcher, Cook Islands monarch, and Rarotonga monarch-flycatcher.
Description
The Rarotonga monarch is a most unusual bird in a number of ways, including being the only bird known to undergo sequential changes in plumage as it grows. The initial plumage of orange to orange-grey changes to pure grey when maturity is reached after four years.
Behaviour and ecology
Owing to its tropical oceanic island location, the Rarotonga monarch is exceptionally long-lived for a bird with a mass of only , having an adult survival of between 85 and 89 percent, a life expectancy of seven to nine years, and a maximum lifespan of around 24 years. These figures are comparable to large Australian passerines like the superb lyrebird or satin bowerbird and more than ten times the life expectancies of similar sized Holarctic songbirds.
Breeding
The extraordinary longevity of these birds may explain the evolution of helpers at the nest in a family where this feature is otherwise completely absent. Males can breed at one year, but do not do so in practice until they are four years old.
Threats
Since the introduction of the black rat and feral cat, adult mortality has more than doubled; a change sufficient to reduce what was previously a highly numerous bird to one of the most endangered birds in the world by the middle 1980s, when the Rarotonga monarch was listed as one of the highest conservation priorities among all Pacific Island birds. The annual pre-breeding removal of rats (starting in the late 1980s) from its principal breeding area on the south coast of Rarotonga (at the Takitumu Conservation Area) by staff and volunteers has made breeding significantly more successful: around two thirds of pairs assisted by a few helpers can now rear the normal clutch of two eggs, whereas in the 1980s breeding attempts had a success rate as low as eleven percent. Despite the growth in population, a major tropical cyclone could destroy this population growth with extreme swiftness, so that conservation work is still very important.
Status
The Rarotonga monarch was limited to Rarotonga until a second population was established on Atiu Island in 2001. In the 1990s its population was estimated at fewer than 30 birds in the wild. In 2022 the population was assessed at over 700 birds.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Rarotonga monarch
Birds of the Cook Islands
Rarotonga
Rarotonga monarch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cape Verde sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the nations' fourth appearance at a Summer Paralympic Games since it made its debut at the 2004 Athens Summer Paralympics. Cape Verde was represented by two athletes in Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Gracelino Barbosa and javelin thrower Márcio Fernandes, who qualified for the Games by meeting the qualification standards of their events. Barbosa won the country's first Paralympic medal with their third-place finish in the men's 400 metres T20 competition and Fernandes came ninth in the F44 men's javelin event.
Background
Cape Verde's first appearance in the Paralympic movement was at the 2004 Athens Summer Paralympics. The country has participated in every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro the fourth time they have taken part in a Summer Paralympiad. Entering the Rio Summer Games, Cape Verde had not won its first medal at the Paralympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Cape Verde sent two athletes to Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Gracelino Barbosa and javelin thrower Márcio Fernandes. The two athletes were joined by chef de mission and president of the Comité Caboverdeano Desp. Para Deficientes Rodrigo Bejarano, coaches Carlos Fernandes and Serafim Gadelho and an unnamed physiotherapist. The delegation left Cape Verde for Rio de Janeiro on 28 August. Fernandes was selected as the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Cape Verde finished tied for twelfth among African countries for total gold medals and tied for 76th overall, winning one bronze. Mozambique also won a single bronze medal.
| width="78%" align="left" valign="top" |
Athletics
Gracelino Barbosa was 31 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Games and this was their first time competing in the Paralympic movement. They have an intellectual disability and is classified as T20. Barbosa qualified for the Games because of their sixth-place finish and personal best time of 50.55 seconds in the men's 400 metres event at the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships in October that year. Barbosa spent time in Portugal and Cape Verde training for the Games. In an interview before the Paralympics, they stated that their hope was to achieve a good performance in Rio de Janeiro and was confident over improving their personal best time, "Any athlete has the ambition to get on the podium and I do not escape the rule and I want to get there very strong." On 8 September, Barbosa participated in the heats of the men's 400 metres T20 competition. Assigned to heat one, they posted a new African record time of 48.77 seconds, ranking them second out of six finishing sprinters. Barbosa advanced to the final along with the seven other quickest athletes because their time was third fastest overall. During the next day's final, they finished third, and improved the African record time of 48.55 seconds, winning them the bronze medal and Cape Verde's first medal in Paralympic competition. Barbosa was congratulated by Jorge Carlos Fonseca, the president of Cape Verde, via telephone, and the athlete spoke of their desire to inspire more people in Cape Verde to take up sports.
At the age of ten in 1994, Márcio Fernandes was involved in a car accident which resulted in the amputation of their left leg and has used a prosthetic since. They were participating in their second Paralympic Games after representing Cape Verde at the 2012 London Paralympics and they were 33 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympic Games. Fernandes was placed into the disability classification T44. They earned automatic qualification to the Rio Games because their throw of 50.91 metres, achieved at the 2015 African Games on 15 September 2015, exceeded the "A" qualifying standard for the F44 men's javelin event by 2.91 metres. Fernandes spent time training in London, Portugal and Cape Verde as part of their preparation for the Paralympics. Before the Paralympics, they said they believed in their potential and stated they would perform to the best of their ability, "Expectations are high, I was world champion last year and it's normal for people to want to repeat every success. I will do my best, compete with maximum strength and fight to be on the podium, but everything will depend on the conditioners and other opponents. I will give my 200% and soon you will see the results." Fernandes competed in the men's F44 men's javelin on 9 September. On their first try, they achieved a throw of 50.46 metres, 51.37 metres on their second attempt, and their third (and best) was 51.67 metres. This placed Fernandes ninth out of sixteen athletes.
Men's Track
Men's Field
See also
Cape Verde at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Cape Verdean sport
Talkh Ab (, also Romanized as Talkh Āb and Talkhāb) is a city in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2016 census, its population was 3,681, in 1,162 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Ilyocyprididae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera:
Ilyocyprella
Jeiocypris
Jliocypris
Juxilyocypris Kempf, 2011
Neuquenocypris Musacchio, 1973
Renicypris Ye, 2002
References
Ostracods
Rubert is a name of German and Catalan origin. It is a variant of Robert and Rupert.
People with the given name
Rubert Martínez (born 1985), Cuban Olympic judoka
Rubert Quijada (born 1989), Venezuelan footballer
Rubert William Boyce (1863–1911), English pathologist and hygienist
People with the surname
Gino Rubert (born 1969), Spanish artist
Joaquín Bernardo Rubert (1772–1817), Spanish painter
Johann Martin Rubert (c. 1614–1677), German composer
Maria Rubert (born 1980), Spanish lawyer
Maria Rubert de Ventós (born 1956), Spanish architect
References
Catalan-language surnames
Catalan masculine given names
German-language surnames
German masculine given names
Simmons Lake may refer to:
Simmons Lake (Antarctica)
Simmons Lake (Washington)
Simmons Lake (British Columbia)
Walter Simon (30 April 1857 – 1 April 1920) was a German banker, councillor and philanthropist active in Königsberg and Tübingen.
Life
Simon, the second son of Königsberg banker Moritz Simon and Hedwig Simon, attended Altstadt Gymnasium as a youth and then studied law, medicine, and philosophy at the University of Tübingen and the Albertina, the University of Königsberg. After graduation they worked as a banker in their native Königsberg. Until 1 April 1901 they were also a city councillor, focusing on relief for the poor and public education.
Simon received an honorary professorship from the Albertina in 1899 and was accorded a Geheime Kommerzienrat (privy commerce councilor) of the German Empire. Simon was also named an honorary citizen of Königsberg in 1908, during the centennial of the 1808 reforming Städteordnung of Stein. Simon died at their home on Copernicusstraße in Neuroßgarten in 1920.
Philanthropy
Königsberg
In 1892 Simon granted 6.83 hectares in Mittelhufen for the construction of the athletic field Walter-Simon-Platz, which hosted Königsberger STV in the early 20th century. Renamed Erich-Koch-Platz during Nazi Germany because Simon was Jewish, the field is now Baltika Stadium in Kaliningrad, Russia. In 1894 Simon sponsored a public bath with free instruction for schoolchildren along the Oberteich. They donated funds for books and construction of the Luisenkirche in Amalienau, the Farenheid Poorhouse in Hinterroßgarten, and the Bismarck Memorial at Kaiser-Wilhelm-Platz.
Tübingen
Simon founded the Dr. Walter-Simon-Stiftung für Tübinger Weingärtner, an endowment for Tübingen winemakers, in 1890. They also established an endowment for female university students in 1907. They donated further funds in 1932 after their initial endowment was diminished through inflation. In 1912 Simon started an endowment for petty bourgeoisie couples, especially brides. Additionally, they donated to the Uhlandbad indoor swimming pool. The street Walter-Simon-Straße in Tübingen is named in their honor.
References
1857 births
1920 deaths
19th-century German politicians
20th-century German politicians
German bankers
19th-century German Jews
German philanthropists
Politicians from Königsberg
Businesspeople from Königsberg
People from the Province of Prussia
People from Tübingen
University of Tübingen alumni
University of Königsberg alumni
University of Königsberg faculty
The Chiang Mai National Museum is a national museum located in Chiang Mai, northern Thailand. It highlights the history of the Kingdom of Lanna with descriptions in both Thai and English. The museum is located in the vicinity of Wat Chet Yot, in the north-western part of Chiang Mai. It is run by the Fine Arts Department of Thailand.
Literature
External links
Chiang Mai National Museum
Museums in Chiang Mai
National museums of Thailand
Radical 94 or radical dog () meaning "dog" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 444 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 66th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China, with being its associated indexing component.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+72AC
094
066
Jorge Neira (born 9 November 1964) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sharon Mazarello is a tiatrist, singer, scriptwriter, director and actor, hailing from the coastal state of Goa, India.
Education
Mazarello holds a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Bombay University. They also hold the Grades I, II & III of music from the Trinity College Of Music, London.
Career
Mazarello debuted in the tiatr Devan Sanddunk Nam in 1979 with a cameo appearance opposite tiatrist Jacinto Vaz. This tiatr was produced by their husband, Wilson (Wilmix) Mazarello. In this tiatr, they sang the song Dhovo Parvo, their first solo.
Since then, Mazarello has sung in many tiatr, musical programmes, movies, and even on radio and television shows. They have also released many albums. The languages they have sung in include Konkani, Marathi, Hindi and English. They have over 27 audio CDs and one Konkani music DVD, Durig (), to their credit.
Mazarello has acted in more than 150 tiatr. They have also acted in plays on radio and television and in localvideos and films, in both Konkani and English. They have even written and directed many tiatr and plays and founded the 'Theatre Art & Cultural Training Institute' in Margao for training young theatre artistes.
In 2010, Mazarello wrote, directed, sang and acted in the Konkani film, Tum Kitem Kortolo Aslo?. With this film, Mazarello became the first woman to direct a Konkani movie. They have also made a short film titled Cheddum....The Girl. They have also acted in the Bollywood film Dum Maaro Dum.
In 2018, they released the tiatr, Tukai Tench Assa, a story about old age.
Filmography
Tum Kitem Kortolo Aslo? (2010)
Cheddum....The Girl (short film)
Dum Maaro Dum (2011) (as actor)
References
External links
Further reading
Living people
Tiatrists
Goan Catholics
Singers from Goa
Konkani-language singers
Indian women playback singers
Women musicians from Goa
Film directors from Goa
Indian women screenwriters
Konkani-language film directors
21st-century Indian film directors
People from South Goa district
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
20th-century Indian women singers
20th-century Indian singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
United Nations Security Council resolution 1431, adopted unanimously on 14 August 2002, after recalling resolutions 827 (1993), 955 (1994), 1165 (1998), 1166 (1998), 1329 (2000) and 1411 (2002), the council established a pool of temporary judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) in order for it to complete its work as soon as possible.
The security council was determined to monitor the progress of the ICTR as closely as possible and was convinced of the need to establish a pool of ad litem judges in order to facilitate the conclusion of its work. Under Chapter VII of the United Nations Charter, a pool of temporary judges was created and amendments were made to the statutes of the ICTR and the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) accordingly.
The secretary-general Kofi Annan was requested to make arrangements for the election of 18 temporary judges and provision of resources to the tribunal. Finally, all countries were urged to co-operate with the ICTR in accordance with obligations under Resolution 955; this was partly in reference to Rwanda which had been accused of adopting an uncooperative attitude towards the ICTR by the latter's president in their letters to the council.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1401 to 1500 (2002–2003)
Rwandan genocide
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1431
2002 in Rwanda
1431
August 2002 events
Anthony Lakes may refer to:
Anthony Lakes (Oregon), a group of about 15 lakes and marshes in northeastern Oregon
Anthony Lakes (ski area), a ski area in eastern Oregon
Fountain County lies in the western part of the U.S. state of Indiana on the east side of the Wabash River. The county was officially established in 1826 and was the 53rd in Indiana. The county seat is Covington.
According to the 2000 United States Census, its population was 17,954; the 2010 population was 17,240. The county has two incorporated cities and six incorporated towns with a total population of about 9,700, as well as many small unincorporated communities. It is divided into eleven townships which provide local services. An interstate highway, two U.S. Routes and five Indiana state roads cross the county, as does a major railroad line.
History
Indiana was granted statehood near the end of 1816. The first non-indigenous settler in the future Fountain County is thought to have been a Mr. Forbes, who arrived in early 1823 and was soon followed by others. The legislative act creating Fountain County was passed on December 30, 1825, setting an effective date of April 1, 1826. The county's boundaries have remained unchanged since that time. It was named for Major James Fontaine of Kentucky who was killed at Harmar's Defeat (near modern Fort Wayne, Indiana) on October 22, 1790, during the Northwest Indian War.
The first Fountain County courthouse was a two-story frame building constructed in Covington in 1827; Abraham Griffith submitted the winning bid of $335. In 1829, plans were made for a larger courthouse building, but then an act of the legislature called for the county seat to be moved. In the end it was decided that the county seat should remain in Covington, and the brick courthouse was completed in 1833. A third courthouse was commissioned in 1856, and was completed in 1857 at a cost of $33,500. The circuit court met for the first time in the new building in January 1860, and the building was largely destroyed by fire the same day. Isaac Hodgson was the architect for the rebuilt courthouse, which was first occupied in January 1861; the total cost, including the reconstruction, totaled $54,624.05. The current courthouse was built in 1936–37 at a cost of $246,734; it replaced the previous building which had been declared unsafe. The 1937 building was constructed by the Jacobson Brothers of Chicago; the architects were Louis R. Johnson and Walter Scholar of Lafayette. The courthouse walls display murals painted by Eugene Francis Savage and others from 1937 to 1940, covering of wall space and depicting the settlement of western Indiana.
Digging on the Wabash and Erie Canal began in 1832 and worked southwest; it reached Lafayette by 1842. In 1846 it reached Covington, and by 1847 traffic was moving through the county via the canal. Completion of the county's first railroad line in the 1850s heralded an end to the canal's usefulness, and in 1875 the last canal boat passed through Covington.
The first railway line through the county was the Toledo, Wabash and Western Railway (later the Wabash Railroad) which was built from the east across the northern part of the county and reached Attica in 1856; it continued west through Warren County and reached the Illinois state line the following year. The Indianapolis, Crawfordsville and Danville Railroad (later the Indiana, Bloomington and Western Railway), was started in 1855, but the general state of the economy halted construction in 1858. It was completed by another owner in 1870, and traffic started in 1871. It passed through Covington, Veedersburg and Hillsboro.
Geography
Fountain County's northern and western borders are defined by the Wabash River which flows southwesterly out of Tippecanoe County.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.44%) is land and (or 0.56%) is water. Elevations range from above sea level in the northeastern part of the county to in the southwest where the Wabash River leaves the county. The county is within the drainage basin of the Wabash River, sloping to the southwest. It is covered with loess ranging in thickness from a few inches to more than . Approximately 84 percent of the county's land is use for agriculture.
The Portland Arch Nature Preserve and the Miller-Campbell Memorial Tract, a preserve managed by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources, are located adjacent to the Wabash River.
Adjacent counties
Warren County - north
Tippecanoe County - northeast
Montgomery County - east.
Parke County - south
Vermillion County - southwest
Communities
Cities
Attica
Covington (county seat)
Incorporated towns
Hillsboro
Kingman
Mellott
Newtown
Veedersburg
Wallace
Unincorporated communities
Aylesworth
Cates
Centennial
Coal Creek
Fountain
Graham
Harveysburg
Layton
Riverside
Rob Roy
Roberts
Silverwood
Steam Corner
Stone Bluff
Vine
Yeddo
Previous settlements
Stringtown - abandoned mining settlement south of Covington
There are several coal mines in southwest Fountain County.
Townships
Cain (July 24, 1826)
Davis
Fulton
Jackson
Logan
Millcreek
Richland (July 24, 1826)
Shawnee (July 24, 1826)
Troy (July 24, 1826)
Van Buren
Wabash (July 24, 1826)
Transportation
Highways
runs east–west through the middle of Fountain County. follows the same general east–west route of I-74 through the county; in the eastern part it runs on the south side of the interstate, but crosses to the north side between Veedersburg and Covington. runs north–south through the county, passing through Attica and Veedersburg.
Three east–west state roads cross the county. enters Attica from Warren County and crosses the north end of the county. enters the middle of the county from Perrysville to the west and passes through Fountain County on its way to Crawfordsville to the east. , further to the south, enters from Cayuga to the west and passes east through Kingman. Two north–south state roads run through the county. passes through Attica and shares the route of US Route 41 running goes south. At Rob Roy it turns to run southeast through Newton. starts at State Road 28 in the north and runs south, ending at State Road 234.
Railroads
A Norfolk Southern Railway line crosses northern Fountain County on its route between Danville, Illinois and Lafayette, Indiana; it carries about 45 freight trains each day.
Air transportation
There are no public-use airports within the boundary of Fountain County; air service is available at nearby airports:
Purdue University Airport - Indiana's second busiest airport, in Tippecanoe County, is operated by Purdue University.
Indianapolis International Airport is located about east of Fountain County.
Climate and weather
Fountain County is in the humid continental climate region of the United States along with most of Indiana. Its Köppen climate classification is Dfa, meaning that it is cold, has no dry season, and has a hot summer. In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Covington have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in August 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from inches in February to inches in June.
From 1950 through 2009, six tornadoes were reported in Fountain County, causing $25 million in damage but no fatalities.
Education
Three public bodies administer Fountain County schools:
Attica Consolidated School Corporation (northern Fountain County) – served 964 students during the 2009–2010 school year. It runs Attica Elementary and Attica Junior–Senior High Schools.
Covington Community School Corporation (western Fountain County) – served 1,012 students during 2009–2010. It runs Covington Elementary, Covington Middle, and Covington High Schools.
Southeast Fountain School Corporation (eastern Fountain County) – served 1,279 students during 2009–2010. It runs Southeast Fountain Elementary and Fountain Central Junior–Senior High Schools.
Notable people
Daniel Wolsey Voorhees was born in Ohio but was raised in Fountain County. They attended school in Veedersburg, graduated from college in 1849, was admitted to the bar, and began practicing law in Covington; they moved to Terre Haute in 1857. They served as a United States Senator (1877–1897), and was known as "the tall sycamore of the Wabash". They died in Washington in 1897 and is buried in Terre Haute.
John Myers was born in Covington in 1927. They graduated from Covington High School, then from Indiana State University in Terre Haute; they served in the United States Army and then served in the US House of Representatives 1967–1997.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. The council members set salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes. In 2010, the county budgeted approximately $9.8 million for the district's schools and $3.2 million for other county operations and services, for a total annual budget of approximately $13 million.
A board of commissioners comprises the county's executive body. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered four–year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
The county maintains a circuit court. The judge on the court is elected to a term of six years and must be a lawyer admitted to practice law in Indiana.
The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee is assisted by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Based on the 2010 United States Census, Fountain County is part of Indiana's 4th congressional district; Indiana Senate district 23; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 13 and 42.
Demographics
2010 Census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 17,240 people, 6,935 households, and 4,787 families in the county. The population density was . There were 7,865 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.5% white, 0.2% black or African American, 0.3% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 0.8% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 21.6% were German, 14.4% were Irish, 14.3% were American, and 12.5% were English.
Of the 6,935 households, 31.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.7% were married couples living together, 10.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.0% were non-families, and 26.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 41.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $51,696. Males had a median income of $44,118 versus $28,462 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,949. About 8.9% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.8% of those under age 18 and 9.5% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fountain County, Indiana
The Neighbor (newspaper)
Western Indiana Community Foundation
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Western Indiana Community Foundation
Attica Consolidated School Corporation
Covington Community School Corporation
Southeast Fountain School Corporation
Explore Fountain County
Indiana counties
1826 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1826
Aliano is a town and comune in the province of Matera, which is located about southwest of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Aliano was the setting of Carlo Levi's book Christ Stopped at Eboli (Italian: Cristo si è fermato a Eboli), where the town is called Gagliano according to the local pronunciation. Published in 1945, it gives an account of their exile in 1935–1936 in Aliano.
Like many towns in rural Italy it has suffered from migration to the cities and overseas where employment opportunities are better.
Geography
Aliano is located atop calanchi, which are deforested, sandy soiled, rocky hills. Over the town's history, many homes were lost to landslides resulting from deforestation. In 1980 an earthquake shook the region and destroyed or made uninhabitable many of the town's historic buildings. Recent funding, partly from the European Union, has made renovations possible, and parts of the town's historic centre are once again habitable.
Culture
Aliano has its own dialect, alianese, and the population keep many old traditions. One particular example is that, during carnevale (a Catholic festival that takes place a few weeks before Easter) male townspeople, dressed in paper mache masks and hats covered with streamers, wearing long underwear and cow bells, march down the town's main street, throwing flour at gathered crowds and making grunting noises.
Some believe that the significance of the custom was to exorcise evil spirits prior to Lend.
Another tradition is the use of architecture to ward off the evil eye, the malocchio. Many of the town's older homes, including one in the town's historic square called casa con gli occhi ("house with eyes") are formed with two forward windows and a staircase leading from the ground up to the home's main floor. (The ground floor was probably stables for animals.) The combination of stairs and windows make the home look like a face. When lit from the inside, the windows may look like burning eyes, enough to scare away any bad spirits.
Emigration
Population decline is a major problem in Aliano and other similarly sized towns in the poor regions of southern Italy. Lack of employment opportunities, lack of fertile land (if people wish to take up agriculture) and a decrease in interest in continuing the farm life of one's parents are major reasons for population loss. A higher percentage of young people from the South of Italy complete a university education than their peers in the north due to the unemployment situation. Professional jobs are few in southern Italian cities, thus considerable numbers of the villages' most promising young people move their families to the big industrial cities of the North, especially Milan and Bologna.
Nearby
Some south of Aliano is the tiny hamlet of Alianello, which is now almost a complete ghost town, after it was destroyed in the 1980 earthquake. Only a shepherd has been known to use some of the vacant homes to house some of their animals, where they keep guinea pigs for food, and grazes their sheep and goats.
References
External links
Cities and towns in Basilicata
33rd London Film Critics Circle Awards
20 January 2013
Film of the Year:
Amour
British Film of the Year:
Berberian Sound Studio
The 33rd London Film Critics' Circle Awards, honouring the best in film for 2012, were announced by the London Film Critics' Circle on 20 January 2013.
Winners and nominees
Film of the Year
Amour
Argo
Beasts of the Southern Wild
Life of Pi
The Master
British Film of the Year
Berberian Sound Studio
The Imposter
Les Misérables
Sightseers
Skyfall
Foreign Language Film of the Year
Rust and Bone • France/ChinaAmour • Austria/France/Germany
Holy Motors • France/Germany
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia • Turkey/Bosnia and Herzegovina
Tabu • Portugal
Documentary of the YearThe Imposter
London: The Modern Babylon
Nostalgia for the Light
The Queen of Versailles
Searching for Sugar Man
Director of the Year
Ang Lee - Life of Pi
Paul Thomas Anderson - The Master
Kathryn Bigelow - Zero Dark Thirty
Nuri Bilge Ceylan - Once Upon a Time in Anatolia
Michael Haneke - Amour
Screenwriter of the Year
Michael Haneke - Amour
Chris Terrio - Argo
Quentin Tarantino - Django Unchained
Paul Thomas Anderson - The Master
Mark Boal - Zero Dark Thirty
Breakthrough British Filmmaker
Alice Lowe and Steve Oram - Sightseers
Ben Drew - Ill Manors
Sally El Hosaini - My Brother the Devil
Dexter Fletcher - Wild Bill
Bart Layton - The Imposter
Actor of the Year
Joaquin Phoenix - The Master
Daniel Day-Lewis - Lincoln
Hugh Jackman - Les Misérables
Mads Mikkelsen - The Hunt
Jean-Louis Trintignant - Amour
.......................................................................
Actress of the Year
Emmanuelle Riva - Amour
Jessica Chastain - Zero Dark Thirty
Marion Cotillard - Rust and Bone
Helen Hunt - The Sessions
Jennifer Lawrence - Silver Linings Playbook
Supporting Actor of the Year
Philip Seymour Hoffman - The Master
Alan Arkin - Argo
Javier Bardem - Skyfall
Michael Fassbender - Prometheus
Tommy Lee Jones - Lincoln
Supporting Actress of the Year
Anne Hathaway - Les Misérables
Amy Adams - The Master
Judi Dench - Skyfall
Sally Field - Lincoln
Isabelle Huppert - Amour
British Actor of the Year
Toby Jones - Berberian Sound Studio
Daniel Craig - Skyfall
Charlie Creed-Miles - Wild Bill
Daniel Day-Lewis - Lincoln
Steve Oram - Sightseers
British Actress of the Year
Andrea Riseborough - Shadow Dancer
Emily Blunt - Looper and Your Sister's Sister
Judi Dench - The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel and Skyfall
Alice Lowe - Sightseers
Helen Mirren - Hitchcock
Young British Performer of the Year
Tom Holland - The Impossible
Samantha Barks - Les Misérables
Jack Reynor - What Richard Did
Technical Achievement
Life of Pi - Bill Westenhofer, visual effects
Anna Karenina - Jacqueline Durran, costumes
Argo - William Goldenberg, film editing
Beasts of the Southern Wild - Ben Richardson, cinematography
Berberian Sound Studio - Joakim Sundström and Stevie Haywood, sound design
Holy Motors - Bernard Floch, make-up
Life of Pi - Claudio Miranda, cinematography
The Master - Jack Fisk and David Crank, production design
My Brother the Devil - David Raedeker, cinematography
Rust and Bone - Alexandre Desplat, music
Dilys Powell Award
Helena Bonham Carter
References
External links
Official Critics' Circle nomination press release
2
2012 film awards
2012 in British cinema
2012 in London
Barbara Greenwood (born September 14, 1940) is a Canadian educator and author of children's books. They have served as president of the Canadian Society of Children's Authors, Illustrators and Performers (CANSCAIP).
Biography
The daughter of George A. Auer and Anne Fisher, they were born Barbara Auer in Toronto. They attended Toronto Teachers College and then received a BA from the University of Toronto. They taught elementary school for a number of years and later taught creative writing in high school and to adult students.
They have been president of CANSCAIP. They also edited a number of books published by CANSCAIP.
Them story "A Major Resolution" received the Vicky Metcalf Short Story Award. They have written short stories and articles for the Canadian Children's Annual and various anthologies.
In 1966, they married Robert E. Greenwood; the couple had four children, including Ed Greenwood, the creator of the Forgotten Realms.
Awards
Vicky Metcalf Short Story Award
Selected works
The CANSCAIP Companion: A Biographical Record of Canadian Children's Authors, Illustrators and Performers (1991)
A Pioneer Story: The Daily Life of a Canadian Family in 1840 (1995) illustrated by Heather Collins, received a Ruth and Sylvia Schwartz Children's Book Award and a Mr. Christie's Book Award
The Kids Book of Canada (1997) illustrated by Jock MacRae
The Last Safehouse: A Story of the Underground Railroad (1998) illustrated by Heather Collins, shortlisted for the Norma Fleck Award, named to the Canadian Children's Book Centre's Our Choice list and included in the Smithsonian's Notable Books for Children
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Canadian women children's writers
Writers from Toronto
University of Toronto alumni
20th-century Canadian women writers
Pennsylvania CareerLink is a collaborative project between multiple agencies to provide career services to Pennsylvania employers, potential employees, and others.
Pennsylvania CareerLink is operated under the direction of the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry.
Pennsylvania CareerLink offices and access points are located in each of the 67 Pennsylvania counties. However, not all counties have their own full-fledged Pennsylvania CareerLink office. An example of this is Sullivan County which shares its Pennsylvania CareerLink facility with that of Bradford County.
Most Pennsylvania CareerLink services are offered free of charge.
What Pennsylvania CareerLink is not
While Pennsylvania CareerLink provides employers with employee locating services and functions as an employment agency Pennsylvania CareerLink is not a Temporary Employment Agency nor does it generally perform direct Job Search for the client. Rather the Pennsylvania CareerLink provides tools enabling employers and employees to connect with each other.
Agencies that compose Pennsylvania CareerLink
Pennsylvania CareerLink is and has been composed of numerous partner agencies throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. because the Counties take bids on who provides Pennsylvania CareerLink service, the agencies which compose a particular Pennsylvania CareerLink may vary extensively from that of another. Further the agencies may vary within a Pennsylvania CareerLink from one contract to another. Commonwealth budget changes in 2005 and 2006 for caused numerous counties to reevaluate their contracts and change providers. They do however have several general features.
A partial list of Agencies which are or have been partnered to form Pennsylvania CareerLink includes:
1. County and Area Workforce Investment Corporations
Montgomery County Workforce Investment Board
Philadelphia Works
Educational Data Systems, Inc. (EDSI), a privately held company headquartered in Dearborn, MI, is contracted by various local workforce investment boards throughout the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to provide workforce development services in several CareerLink sites. Contracts include services to WIA and TANF populations. These contracts were awarded through a competitive RFP process. EDSI currently has contracts in the following counties of Pennsylvania; Philadelphia, Montgomery, Dauphin, Berks, Bucks, Lehigh, Cumberland, Lebanon, Allegheny, Delaware, and York as well as Detroit, MI, Chicago, IL, Manhattan, NY, Prince Georges Co, MD and Washington D.C.
Harrisburg Area Community College (Dauphin, Cumberland, Lebanon, Adams, Franklin, Juniata, and Perry Counties)
Southern Alleghenies Planning and Development Commission[www.sapdc.org] (Bedford, Blair, Cambria, Fulton, Huntingdon, and Somerset Counties)
Employment & Training, Office of Community Services (Allegheny County)
Pittsburgh Partnership
Southwest Training Service, Inc (Beaver, Greene, and Washington Counties)
Job Training for Beaver County
Tri-County Workforce Investment Board, Inc (Armstrong, Butler, and Indiana Counties)
Private Industry Council of Westmoreland / Fayette, Inc.
Regional Center for Workforce Excellence (Clarion, Crawford, Erie, Erie City, Forest, Venango, and Warren Counties)
West Central Job Partnership Lawrence and Mercer Counties.
North Central Workforce Investment Board (Cameron, Clearfield, Elk, Jefferson, McKean and Potter Counties)
Central PA Workforce Development Corporation (Centre, Clinton, Columbia, Lycoming, Mifflin, Montour, Northumberland, Snyder and Union Counties)
Northern Tier Regional Planning and Development Commission (Bradford, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga, and Wyoming Counties)
Scranton Lackawanna Human Development Agency, Inc.
Luzerne County Human Resources Development Department (Luzerne and Schuylkill Counties)
Pocono Counties Workforce Investment Area (Carbon, Monroe, Pike and Wayne Counties)
Bucks County Office of Employment & Training, Inc.
Chester County Department of Community Development
Delaware County Office of Workforce Development
Lancaster Employment & Training Agency
Work Investment Board (Lehigh County and Northampton).
2. Pennsylvania's 29 different Intermediate Units.
3. Office of Vocational Rehabilitation
4. Office of Unemployment Compensation
5. Pennsylvania State Civil Service Commission
6. Various Small Business and Rural Development Agencies
Services provided by Pennsylvania CareerLink
Pennsylvania CareerLink provides its clients with a number of features, which may vary somewhat from county to county.
Employment Assistance
Pennsylvania CareerLinks are also staffed by Labor & Industry's Bureau of Workforce Development Partnership. In this capacity Pennsylvania CareerLink provides a number of different services designed to link employers and job seekers, including workshops, TRA/TAA, veterans services, unemployment compensation, Business Service Teams and Employer Consortium groups.
Services offered in this capacity
Employers are able to provide lists of job orders
Employees can search through these job orders to find jobs of interest to them.
Employees may also post their résumé in an online form.
Employers can then match job openings to potential employees on the basis of their résumés.
Many employers can receive job applications directly through the Pennsylvania CareerLink website.
Pennsylvania CareerLink often offers Job Fairs designed to connect large numbers of employers and potential employees.
Pennsylvania CareerLink offices frequently serve a s neutral location for employees to gain information about and meet with potential employers.
Pennsylvania CareerLink acts as an access point for the Pennsylvania State Civil Service Commission
Training and Education
Pennsylvania CareerLink offers a number of services that provide citizens of Pennsylvania opportunities for education.
The Local Workforce Investment Area (LWIA) provides individualized services to assist people in obtaining and maintaining satisfactory employment. A LWIA counselor can assist the client in the selection of training and/or employment goal(s) and in developing a job seeking strategy. Included in this is the location of funds or funding related to seeking training beyond the high school level.
In addition many Pennsylvania CareerLink locations offer classes that help students prepare to take the General Educational Development (GED) test battery, in addition to assessing their educational needs and barriers.
Most Pennsylvania CareerLink locations offer Adult Basic Education (ABE) classes designed to teach the client new skill and abilities which may be of aid in the workforce.
Youth Services
Pennsylvania CareerLink, through its partnering agencies, provides services for young persons seeking to gain experience and enter the labor market, often for the first time. Services provided are extended to both in-school and out-of-school youth and are designed not only to support employment opportunities but also to encourage high school graduation and post-secondary education. Youth services are provided under the guidelines of the 1998 Workforce Investment Act (WIA).
Youth services include intensive and personalized case management that is designed to result in job placement. Case management continues with the client for a one-year follow-up period.
Youth Services provided
Youth services provided include:
In-School Youth Services
Assessment
Case Management
Service Plans
Drop-Out Prevention
Supportive Services
Adult Mentoring
Leadership Development
Career Awareness
Career Exploration
Occupational Learning
Job Shadowing
Internships
Work Experience
Occupational Skills Training
Follow-up Services
Out-of-School Youth Services
Assessment
Case Management
Service Plans
Supportive Services
Leadership Development
GED Preparation
Academic Enrichment
Career Awareness
Career Exploration
Labor Market Information
Occupational Learning
Employability Skills
On-the-Job Training
Occupational Skills Training
Job Search Assistance
Follow-up Services
OVR
Pennsylvania CareerLink serves as an access point for the Office of Vocational Rehabilitation. The OVR helps disabled Pennsylvanians pursue, obtain, and retain employment. This includes supplying funding for training if the nature of their disability precludes continued employment in the original field of employment, or if additional education would be required to secure employment initially.
Center for Workforce Information and Analysis
Gathers information on the Pennsylvania labor market, including services which may be needed for customers to make reasoned choices. Statistics gathered include education, employer, income, industry, labor force, population, wages, and occupation.
Welfare Services
Pennsylvania CareerLink operates a number of services for the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare. Among This is the EARN program, which is designed to address the needs of welfare recipients in regard to their barriers to employment and employability. This program was previously known as SPOC and is often still referred to by this designation. SPOC programs persist in some other states.
EARN offers a wide range of activities and services though the scope of these services is substantially reduced from that of the Original SPOC services. EARN is focused primarily on Paid Work Experience (PWE) placement however other activities may include adult literacy, driver's training, English as a Second Language training (ESL), GED, life skill instruction, job readiness, and occupational skill training. In addition to job search, job placement, and job retention services. EARN involves intensive personal case management including the creation of individualized plans, and goal setting aimed at helping the individual toward career readiness.
Unemployment Compensation
Pennsylvania CareerLink serves as a contact point for the Office of Unemployment Compensation. Phones within Pennsylvania CareerLink offices provide a direct connection to the Office through which applications for unemployment benefits can be completed and additional information can be gathered.
Self-employment Assistance
The Self-employment Assistance (SEA) program is operated under the auspices of the Pennsylvania Department of Labor and Industry. It is particularly available to individuals who are eligible for Unemployment Compensation and who meet additional criteria who are interested in becoming self-employed.
Services clients receive in the SEA Program involve at least 15 hours of individual business counseling, at least 20 hours of business training, and technical assistance. The SEA client receives a SEA allowance in lieu of regular Unemployment Benefits.
Veterans' Services
Pennsylvania CareerLink is mandated by law to provide priority service to Pennsylvania's veteran population.
Veterans' representatives provide assistance with referral services, job development, referral to training, and referral to government and community veteran service agencies. In addition they attempt to match the veteran's skills with employer job openings.
Special emphasis is placed on helping disabled veterans and those leaving the military.
Veterans representatives often serve multiple Pennsylvania CareerLink offices and move throughout a given geographic area. However, comprehensive outreach and assistance is always available for veterans and their families through five Governor's Veterans Outreach and Assistance Centers.
The future of Pennsylvania CareerLink
In November 2005 the state unveiled the alpha version of its Comprehensive Workforce Development System (CWDS) project website to users of the official Pennsylvania CareerLink website.
The CWDS site, often referred to as "Pennsylvania CareerLink II", is projected for release in 2007. The service will provide an even more tightly integrated system for searching for workforce related information.
Officially all of Pennsylvania's Workforce development services will be accessible through this Central Access point. Though some features such as integration with the Department of Public Welfare have a release date projected beyond the initial public release of the CWDS site.
While the CWDS system will effectively rename the Pennsylvania CareerLink website (by absorbing all of its workforce related functions) there are no current indications that the Pennsylvania CareerLink itself will undergo a similar change in name.
External links
PA Commonwealth Workforce Development System website
Pennsylvania State Civil Service Commission website
Pennsylvania's Comprehensive Workforce Development project website (CWDS)
Education in Pennsylvania
Employment in the United States
State agencies of Pennsylvania
Career advice services
Canela may refer to:
Places
Canela, Rio Grande do Sul, a town in Brazil
Canela, Chile, a commune in Chile
La Canela, a legendary location in South America
Isla Canela, an island in Andalusia, Spain
Other uses
Canela (surname), including a list of people with the name
Canela Cox (born 1984), American singer and songwriter
Canela, character in the 2002 Venezuelan telenovela Mambo y canela
Canela people, an indigenous people of Brazil
Canela language, a Ge language of Brazil
Canela (Mexico City Metrobús), a BRT station in Mexico City
See also
Canella, a genus of plant
Canella, earlier English name for cinnamon
Canelas (disambiguation)
Cannelle (disambiguation)
Kanela
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
The Moulin de la Tour is a windmill located in Ivry-sur-Seine, Val-de-Marne, France. It is listed as a Historic Monument.
History
The mill, built in the 17th century, was located in the fiefdom of Ivry and Saint-Frambourg. It was operational until the early 19th century.
It was mentioned in an act of attribution in 1680, then on the Royal hunting map in 1765, when it was sold to miller Charles Mortier.
The building was subsequently used as a warehouse. It was dilapidated and lost its wings, so it was threatened with demolition.
In 1975, the mill was saved from an urban planning project by the city council of Ivry-sur-Seine and an association. On May 6th, 1976, it was moved 35 meters away on hydraulic jacks and two parallel narrow-gauge railway tracks. It was restored by the city council and opened to visitors.
It is the only surviving windmill in Val-de-Marne, and was listed a Class Historic Monument in 1979.
References
External links
The mill used by basket makers in the beginning of the 20th century (picture)
Windmills in France
Buildings and structures completed in the 17th century
17th-century establishments in France
Buildings and structures in Val-de-Marne
Monuments historiques of Île-de-France
The Concord Weavers were a minor league baseball team based in Concord, North Carolina. Between 1936 and 1951, Concord teams played as a member of the Independent level Carolina League from 1936 to 1938 and the Class D level North Carolina State League from 1939 to 1942 and 1945 to 1951, winning two league pennants and one championship. The franchise played as the Concord Nationals from 1949 to 1950 and Concord Sports in 1951, with Concord teams hosting minor league home games at Webb Field.
Concord teams played as a minor league affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies in 1945 and Washington Senators from 1949 to 1950.
Baseball Hall of Fame member Tommy Lasorda made their professional debut for the 1945 Concord Weavers.
The Concord Weavers moniker had been revived by Concord's current summer collegiate baseball team.
History
Minor league baseball first came to Concord, North Carolina in 1936 when the Concord Weavers became charter members of the Independent level Carolina League. The Charlotte Hornets, Hickory Rebels, Kannapolis Towelers, Rutherford County Owls, Salisbury Colonials and Shelby Cee-Cees and Valdese Textiles joined the Weavers in league play. The Independent league was nicknamed as an "outlaw" league because of the Independent status. Concord, and most of the other league members, had previously hosted numerous semi-pro teams in the Carolina Textile League, made up of locals and mill workers.
In 1936, the Concord Weavers won the Carolina League pennant. Concord finished the regular season with a 66–33 record to place 1st during their initial season. In the playoffs, the Weavers defeated the Kannapolis Towelers 3 games to 2 before losing to the Valdese Textiles 4 games to 2 in the league finals. The Weavers drew a season total of 55,426 an average of 1,120 per home game.
The 1937 Concord Weavers won the Carolina League championship. The Weavers finished with a record of 53–44, placing 2nd in the Carolina League regular season standings. In the playoffs, Concord defeated the Valdese Textiles 3 games to 0. In the finals Concord defeated the Kannapolis Towelers 4 games to 1 to win the 1937 Carolina League Championship. The team drew 70,000 for the season.
Concord finished with a 47–47 record, placing 4th in 1938, as the Carolina League became a six–team league. The Carolina League folded after the 1938 season, before returning in 1945. The 1938 Concord Weavers were controlled by a Board of Directors. The board consisted of local business leaders, school administrators, team personnel and media members.
The Concord Weavers joined the Class D level North Carolina State League in 1939, along with the Kannapolis Towelers. Those two teams joined the eight–team North Carolina State League to replace the Gastonia Cardinals and Newton-Conover Twins, who both had moved to the new Tar Heel League. The Concord Weavers began play in the 1939 North Carolina League, along with members Cooleemee Cools, Kannapolis Towelers, Landis Sens, Lexington Indians, Mooresville Moors, Salisbury Giants and Thomasville Tommies.
The Weavers finished with a record of 60–50 in 1939, placing 3rd in the final regular season standings. They were defeated by the Mooresville Moors 3 games to 1 in the playoffs. The 1939 Concord Weavers drew 41,458, an average of 754.
Continuing play in the North Carolina League, Concord placed 5th in 1940 with a 58–54 record. In 1941, the Weavers finished 5th with a record of 54–51. Concord missed qualifying for the playoffs in both seasons.
In 1942, the Concord Weavers finished with a 64–34 record and won the North Carolina League pennant. In the playoffs, the Thomasville Tommies defeated Concord 3 games to 1. Because of World War II, the North Carolina State League stopped play after the 1942 season before resuming in 1945.
When the North Carolina State League resumed in 1945, the Concord Weavers played the season as an affiliate of the Philadelphia Phillies. The weavers finished last in the eight–team league with a record of 34–79.
Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Tommy Lasorda made their professional debut for the Concord Weavers in 1945. At age 17, Lasorda pitched and played the field. They finished the 1945 season 3-12, with a 4.09 ERA in 27 games, walking 100 in 121 innings. As a hitter, Lasorda played in 67 games and hit .274 with one home run in 208 at bats.
In 1946, the Weavers went from last to first, finishing 77–34 to win the league pennant. In the playoffs, Concord swept the Thomasville Dodgers in four games. In the Finals, the Mooresville Moors defeated the Weavers 4 games to 2.
The Concord Weavers finished 7th in both 1947 (48–63) and 1948 (44–62), missing the playoffs in both seasons. They drew 26,148 in 1948, an average of 493.
In 1949, Concord became an affiliate of the Washington Senators. Concord played the 1949–1950 seasons as the Senators' affiliate, changing their name to the Concord Nationals. The Concord Nationals finished 6th (50–72) in 1949 and 7th (44–68) in 1950. In 1950, the Nationals drew 22,558, an average of 403 per game.
Concord played as the Concord Sports in 1951. The Sports finished 6th (56–70), missing the playoffs. Concord drew 22,236, an average of 353. Concord folded after the 1951 season and the Hickory Rebels moved to the Western Carolina League. The North Carolina League played the 1952 season with six teams and permanently folded after the season. After 1951, Concord has not hosted another minor league team.
Today, Concord hosts a summer collegiate baseball team, who play in the Southern Collegiate Baseball League. The team revived the Concord Weavers moniker for a time.
The ballpark
Concord teams were referenced to have played home minor league games at Webb Park. Today, the ballpark is owned by the city of Concord, who purchased it from the local school district and it is still in use. The location is 165 Academy Avenue, NW, Concord, North Carolina.
Timeline
Year–by–year record
Notable alumni
Baseball Hall of Fame alumni
Tommy Lasorda (1945) Inducted, 1997
Notable alumni
Hal Bamberger (1946)
Red Barbary (1941)
Junie Barnes (1940)
Grey Clarke (1946)
Bill Currie (1946–1947)
Tony Daniels (1942)
Vern Freiburger (1947)
Dick Hyde (1948–1950)
Nig Lipscomb (1947, MGR)
Ed Lyons (1941)
Tony Ordenana (1949)
Walter Wilson (1939)
See also
Concord Weavers playersConcord Nationals players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Philadelphia Phillies minor league affiliates
Professional baseball teams in North Carolina
Washington Senators minor league affiliates
Defunct Carolina League teams
Concord, North Carolina
Baseball teams disestablished in 1948
Baseball teams established in 1936
Defunct baseball teams in North Carolina
Theo Francken (born 7 February 1978) is a Belgian politician who has been a member of the Chamber of Representatives since 2010.  They are a member of the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA), a conservative Flemish nationalist party.
Francken was made state secretary for asylum and migration in the first Charles Michel cabinet in 2014, where they became prominent for their controversial zero tolerance approach to illegal immigration in the midst of the European migrant crisis. Francken and the N-VA opposed Belgium's support of the Global Compact for Migration, leading them to exit the coalition government in December 2018 and thereby trigger its collapse.
Political career
Theo Francken does not hail from a political family. Neither of their parents were involved in politics. Theo Francken acquired their interest in politics during high school, were they became inspired by their history teachers instructing them on the struggle of Flemings to achieve cultural and linguistical rights within the Belgian state during the 19th and 20th centuries.
After graduating from university, Francken became a scientific collaborator for N-VA at the Flemish parliament (2001 – 2004). From 2005 till 2008 they were councillor and from 2009 till 2010 deputy head of cabinet in with Flemish Vice-Minister-President Geert Bourgeois, focussing on issues such as integration policy.
Theo Francken founded a local N-VA-branch in their native town Lubbeek, leading it to the ballot box in the municipal elections of 2006. However, with only 4.96% of the votes, N-VA did not manage to win any of the seats in the municipal council.
At the federal elections in 2010, Theo Francken was head of the list for the province of Vlaams-Brabant, campaigning on issues like asylum, migration and integration. Achieving 13,164 personal votes, they became elected in the Belgian Federal Parliament, the Kamer van volksvertegenwoordigers. Theo Francken was a very vocal new member of Parliament and strove to make Belgium's notoriously lax migration laws more strict, achieving a stricter legislation on family reunification as well as a stricter procedure on the acquisition of the Belgian nationality.
At the municipal elections of 2012, they again lead N-VA to the polls in their native town Lubbeek. Achieving 25.68% of the votes, N-VA became the biggest party and Theo Francken became mayor of Lubbeek in January 2013.
At the federal elections in 2014, Theo Francken achieved 44,489 votes and once again became elected in the Belgian Federal Parliament. Subsequently, they entered the government on 11 October 2014, as State Secretary for Asylum, Migration, and Administrative Simplification in the federal government Regering-Michel I.
During their time in office, Theo Francken enforced a series of administrative practices and legislative changes to enhance the return of illegal immigrants, achieving records in repatriating illegal immigrants jailed for criminal offences. This policy made them the most popular politician in Belgium according to polls, despite vehement criticism from left leaning parties, above all in French-speaking Belgium, who have consistently been framing Theo Francken as an extreme-right politician ever since taking up office.
In their second year in office, 2015, Theo Francken was confronted with the European Migration Crisis, that brought a record of 44,660 asylum seekers to Belgium according to Eurostat data. In order to fulfill Belgium's European obligation under the Reception Conditions Directive EU directive for the reception of asylum seekers, Theo Francken set out to double the reception capacity of Belgium in a matter of months, working closely together with then Minister of Defence Steven Vandeput, who put numerous army barracks at the disposal of Theo Francken to house new arrivals of asylum seekers.
During a meeting with fellow European Migration Ministers in the European Council of Ministers of May 2018, Theo Francken called the reform of the Dublin-regulation “dead" and instead put forward the idea that Europe needs an ‘Australian style' border defence, meaning Europe needs to strike migration deals with third countries on the other side of the Mediterranean Sea, where illegal immigrants intercepted by European ships can be safely put ashore and sheltered in a humane fashion, whereby asylum migration to EU countries would be limited to legal humanitarian migration by means of national humanitarian visa. However, Theo Francken was immediately rebuffed by EU Commissar Avramopoulos, who quickly issued a statement that Europe would never follow the Australian model of border protection. Theo Francken remained a very vocal advocate of zero tolerance to illegal immigration, calling Europe's migration model ‘inhumane', and further elaborated these ideas in a bestselling book published in October 2018, bearing the title ‘Continent without borders' (Continent zonder Grens).
The end of 2018 also saw rising tensions within various EU Member States on the issue of United Nations Global Compact on Migration. The N-VA was staunchly opposed to the Migration Pact, leading to the fall of the government on 9 December 2018. Following the demise of the government, Theo Francken once again resumed their role as member in the Federal Parliament. In the following general elections, Theo Francken was re-elected member of the Federal Parliament, dwarfing their opponents by reaping 122,738 personal votes.
Controversy
Theo Francken has been the subject of numerous controversies during their tenure as Secretary of State.
In October 2014 several the leftist political parties PS, PTB and FDF demanded Francken's and Ben Weyts' resignation after the two were present at the birthday of Bob Maes, a former member of the Vlaams Nationaal Verbond, a party who collaborated with the Nazis in the Second World War. The Christian democratic CD&V and CDH, the liberal MR and VLD, the green parties ECOLO and Groen! and the far-right Vlaams Belang party did not view the visit as problematic, since Bob Maes was a mere 19 years old when World War Two ended and was never convicted for collaboration with the Nazis.
In the same month Theo Francken also came in stormy waters after the leaking of some old mails with allegedly homophobic statements, which Theo Francken vehemently denied, and a Facebook post in where they questioned the "added value" that immigrants from Morocco, Congo and Algeria bring to the Belgian economy. Subsequently, Theo Francken apologised in the federal parliament.
In May 2017 Francken made several tweets accusing the NGO Médecins Sans Frontières of human trafficking in connection with their operation to transport to provide aid to illegal migrants picked up from rubber boats off the coast of Libya trying to reach the EU without entry visa.
In September 2017 a Sudanese delegation was invited to Brussels to identify undocumented immigrants that refused to apply for asylum in Belgium Cooperation with the Sudanese regime was already an issue, but controversy spiked in December of that year after two migrants who had returned allegedly reported being tortured upon arrival in Sudan. However, after due investigation by Belgium's independent Commissariat-General for Refugees and Stateless persons (CGRS), “no proof“ of the allegations of torture could be found.
Also in September, Francken had to apologise after using the hashtag #opkuisen, Dutch for "cleaning up", in a tweet about the arrest of illegal immigrants who had been camping at the North Station of Brussels and the adjacent Maximiliaanpark.
After the 2017 Catalan independence referendum Francken commented that Catalonians, including Carles Puigdemont, could ask for asylum in Belgium. The Prime Minister then asked the Secretary not to add fuel to the fire.
In January 2019, one month after their departure as Secretary of State for Asylum, Migration and Administrative Simplification, Francken was questioned as a witness by Belgian judicial authorities in connection with an investigation into possible fraud involving humanitarian visas by one of their closest aides. The suspect, Melikan Kucam, was one of several external people entrusted to advise Francken's cabinet with regard to identifying Christian Syrian refugees from war affected regions in Syria that could be offered humanitarian visa from Belgium. Kucam was accused of asking money to put Syrian Christians on the list. However, they denied any such actions and was released from preliminary custody in October 2019. As of December, the investigation is still pending
Personal life
Francken is married with two children and lives in Lubbeek. In 2014, Francken was the target of death threats from someone claiming to be an extremist Muslim along with fellow N-VA minister Jan Jambon. They received police protection as a result of the incident.
Notes
External links
1978 births
Living people
People from Flemish Brabant
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
KU Leuven alumni
21st-century Belgian politicians
Mayors of places in Belgium
Political controversies in Belgium
The 2013 Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup season was the seventh season of the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup. The season began at Circuit of the Americas on 20 April and ended on 29 September at the Ciudad del Motor de Aragón after 14 races. The races, for the first year contested by the riders on equal KTM 250cc 4-stroke Moto3 bikes, were held at eight meetings on the Grand Prix motorcycle racing calendar.
Czech rider Karel Hanika won the championship, securing the title after the Misano race.
Calendar
Entry list
Championship standings
Points were awarded to the top fifteen finishers. Rider had to finish the race to earn points.
References
External links
Season at FIM-Website
Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup
Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup racing seasons
Yunier Noris (born 5 June 1976) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Norberto Méndez (born May 25, 1971) is an Argentine sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. They were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1971 births
Argentine male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Young Lions, released in May 1990, is the fifth solo album by Adrian Belew, and their second on Atlantic Records. Released while Belew was acting as musical director and lead guitarist on the Sound+Vision Tour with David Bowie, the album features Bowie singing on two tracks ("Pretty Pink Rose" and "Gunman"), the latter of which Bowie and Belew co-wrote.
Two cover versions appear on the album: "Heartbeat", a song Belew had co-written and performed with King Crimson while they were a member; and "Not Alone Anymore", a Traveling Wilburys song from Traveling Wilburys Vol. 1. This was Belew's tribute to Roy Orbison who had recently passed.
The other songwriting "collaboration" on the album is with Nashville radio evangelist Prophet Omega. Working decades-old tapes of Omega's broadcasts into "I Am What I Am", Belew, "listed them as a co-author, so in case a couple of hefty guys drop by my place some day, I can say 'here's your money.' " Al Kooper, who collects "oddball" recordings, gave a 47-minute recording of Omega preaching and Belew made two further recordings: "I Know What I Know" on Coming Attractions and "Troubles" on Side Three.
Belew was pressed for time for the cover artwork and it was hurriedly completed by Atlantic's art department. It features a then five-year-old Robert S. Belew on their way to Sunday school carrying a stuffed animal.
Track listing
All songs written by Adrian Belew unless noted:
"Young Lions" – 3:48
"Pretty Pink Rose" (David Bowie) – 4:44
"Heartbeat" (Belew, Bill Bruford, Robert Fripp, Tony Levin) – 3:59
"Looking for a U.F.O." – 3:36
"I Am What I Am" (Belew, Prophet Omega) – 4:11
"Not Alone Anymore" (Jeff Lynne, Tom Petty, George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Roy Orbison) – 3:13
"Men in Helicopters" – 3:17
"Small World" – 3:45
"Phone Call from the Moon" – 3:38
"Gunman" (music: Belew; lyrics: Bowie) – 3:51
Personnel
Musicians
Adrian Belew – vocals, multi-instruments
David Bowie – vocals (tracks 2, 10)
Mike Barnett – string bass (track 9)
Van Kampen – percussion ensemble (track 1)
Ellen Gieles – percussion
Dree Van Beeck – percussion
Willem Van Kruysdijk – percussion
Mies Wilbrink – percussion
The Prophet Omega – spoken word (track 5)
Technical
Adrian Belew – producer
Ron Fajerstein – executive producer
Justin Hertzman – executive producer
Rich Denhart – engineer
Michael White – engineer
Dan Harjung – assistant engineer
Ted Jensen – digital mastering, mastering
Carol Bobolts – design
Bob Defrin – art direction
Sotto Vocé – cover art concept
John M. Stevens – lettering
Curtice Taylor – photo tinting
References
External links
Adrian Belew's website
Adrian Belew: The mind's turntable
Adrian Belew albums
1990 albums
Albums produced by Adrian Belew
Atlantic Records albums
Jonathan Coy (born 24 April 1953, in Hammersmith, London) is a British actor. They have worked since 1975 largely in television, notably as Henry in the long-running legal series Rumpole of the Bailey and as Bracegirdle in the television series Hornblower, adapted from the books by C. S. Forester. They also appeared as the German character, Kurt, in the British television series Brideshead Revisited, in Season 1, Episode 7, entitled The Unseen Hook, and Colin Grove in The Sandbaggers in 1978.
In 2008 they played Lloyd in a UK tour of the play Noises Off, Leonato in the 2011 Wyndham's Theatre production of Much Ado About Nothing, with David Tennant, and Colonel Luykin in Pinero's The Magistrate at the Royal National Theatre in 2012-13, a production that was included in Season 4 of National Theatre Live.
In 1997 they appeared as Doug Arkwright in Hetty Wainthropp Investigates (“Daughter of the Regiment”, S3:E2). They also played a German spy called "Hans Maier" in the BBC Series Foyle's War, Series 2 Episode 1; and played the Prince of Wales in the BBC series The Scarlet Pimpernel (1999). In 2003 they played Henry VIII in the Six Mothers-in-law of Henry VIII 'an unreliable history', on BBC Radio 4.
They appeared in the 2001 critically acclaimed television film Conspiracy as Erich Neumann, the Director of the Office of the Four Year Plan. Their main scenes were with Brendan Coyle, who played Gestapo General Heinrich Muller. They would be reunited with Coyle over 10 years later on the set of Downton Abbey, where Coy played Mr George Murray, Lord Grantham's lawyer. Coy portrayed George Murray again in Downton Abbey: A New Era.
In 2014 they appeared in the world premiere production of Privacy at the Donmar Warehouse, London, and in 2015 in the world premiere production of Stoppard's The Hard Problem.
References
1953 births
Living people
English male television actors
English male stage actors
Kåre Gudbrand Kristiansen (11 March 1920 – 3 December 2005) was a Norwegian politician active in the Christian People's Party. Noted as a conservative within their own party, they were known to take controversial positions at odds with the prevailing consensus.
Kristiansen was born in Bergen, the son of a lay preacher. Both their parents were active in The Salvation Army. They started their professional life as a telegraph operator in the Norwegian railroad system, where they rose through the ranks. A devout Christian all their life, they became politically active in their home community of Nesodden in 1951. They were appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Social Affairs in 1965 and served in this capacity until 1968. They were elected to Storting, first as a deputy member in 1969 and as a full member from 1973 to 1977 and 1981 to 1989. They were chairperson in the parliamentary foreign affairs committee from 1981 to 1983 and Minister of Petroleum and Energy from 1983 to 1986.
They served as chairperson for the Christian People's Party from 1975 to 1977 and 1979 to 1983. As a result of an internal dispute about how to cooperate with the Conservative Party, they resigned from the chair of their party and instead became parliamentary leader.
They stepped down from national politics in 1989 in protest against what they perceived as a change in course in the party's policy, but they remained politically active all their life, among other things by rejoining the municipal council of Nesodden, where they had started their political career.
Kristiansen stood their ground on a number of political issues, and their prominence within their party and in politics in general varied accordingly. They were a proponent of Norwegian membership in the European Union, advocated strong collaborative efforts with the Conservative Party and even the Norwegian Progress Party. They were an ardent supporter of the State of Israel, and in 1994 they resigned from the Norwegian Nobel Committee in protest over the award of the prize to Yasser Arafat, whom they labeled "world's most prominent terrorist". They opposed Israel's unilateral disengagement plan from the Gaza Strip, to the point of refusing an invitation to join in an event that also featured moderate Israeli politician and chief rabbi of Norway, Michael Melchior.
References
1920 births
2005 deaths
Norwegian state secretaries
Members of the Storting
Petroleum and energy ministers of Norway
Christian Democratic Party (Norway) politicians
Norwegian anti-abortion activists
Christian Zionists
Norwegian Zionists
Politicians from Oslo
People from Nesodden
20th-century Norwegian politicians
Leopold Giebisch (7 November 1901 – 20 April 1945) was an Austrian footballer. They played in four matches for the Austria national football team from 1927 to 1929.
Personal life
Giebisch served as an Unteroffizier (corporal) in the German Army during the Second World War. They were killed in action in East Prussia on 20 April 1945.
References
External links
1901 births
1945 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Austrian military personnel killed in World War II
German Army soldiers of World War II
Burials in Russia
Four regiments of the British Army have been numbered the 73rd Regiment of Foot:
73rd Regiment of Foot (1758), raised by re-designation of 2nd Battalion, 34th Regiment of Foot in 1758 and disbanded in 1763
73rd Regiment of Foot (Invalids), raised as the 116th Regiment of Foot in 1758, re-numbered as the 73rd Regiment of Foot (Invalids) in 1763 and disbanded in 1769
73rd (Highland) Regiment of Foot, raised in 1777 and renumbered as the 71st Regiment of Foot in 1786
73rd (Perthshire) Regiment of Foot, raised as the 2nd Battalion, 42nd Regiment of Foot in 1780, re-numbered as the 73rd (Highland) Regiment of Foot in 1787 and amalgamated in 1881
"Notes on James Mill" is a text written by Karl Marx in 1844, originally part of the so-called "Paris Notebooks". In it Marx criticizes parts of James Mill's Elements of Political Economy. It forms the foundation for what later became their Economic and Philosophical Manuscripts of 1844.
"Notes on James Mill" is particularly important to the development of Marx's overall project because it gives insight into the concept of non-alienated labor. Marx here describes unalienated labor as labor in which one's personality is made objective in one's product and in which one enjoys contemplating the features of one's personality in the object one produces. As one has expressed one's talents and abilities in the productive process, the activity is authentic to one's character. It ceases to be an activity one loathes. Marx further claims that one gains immediate satisfaction from the use and enjoyment of one's product - the satisfaction arising from the knowledge of having produced an object that corresponds to the needs of another human being. One can be said to have created an object that corresponds to the needs of another's essential nature. One's productive activity is a mediator between the needs of another person and the entire species. Marx suggests that this confirms the "communal" character of human nature, since individuals play an essential role in the affirmation of each other's nature.
See also
Marxism
Marxist theory
Marxist philosophy
Footnotes
References
External links
"Notes on James Mill"
Communist books
Books by Karl Marx
Social Democratic Party of Germany
Je suis le seigneur du château (English: I'm the King of the Castle) is a 1989 French drama film, directed by Régis Wargnier, loosely based on the 1970 novel I'm the King of the Castle by the English writer Susan Hill.
Plot
The film stars Régis Arpin as 10-year-old Thomas, the son of a millionaire. Together, they live a fairly isolated existence, in a mansion in rural France. Their father (Jean Rochefort) hires a woman (Dominique Blanc), whose husband has been reported missing in the First Indochina War, to take care of things while they are away. The maid's son, Charles (David Behar) moves in as well, and the two parents hope that the two can become friends; they become enemies immediately after meeting each other. Once their parents fall in love, Thomas decides to make Charles, whom they view as an "invader", as miserable as possible.
Je suis le seigneur du château might be compared by some to the Macaulay Culkin film The Good Son, with its similar storyline. However, whereas Culkin's character is psychotic, Arpin's character's actions attempt to serve a purpose. The movie was recently repacked with La Femme de ma vie in a 2-DVD set.
Notes
The film was shot at the chateau de Beaumanoir in the Côtes-d'Armor, in the Le Leslay commune. One sees also the countryside of the Huelgoat region and the town of Morlaix (the viaduct and the little streets around the church Saint-Melanie). The film was shot just a few months after the storm of 1987 of which there is visual evidence in the film.
The film deviates from the novel in several key ways. Most notably, it imbues a homoerotic subtext in the relationship between Thomas and Charles. In the book, Thomas (named Edmund) and Charles fluctuate between being friends and enemies, but there are never any suggestions of romance between the two.
References
External links
1989 films
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Régis Wargnier
Films set in country houses
Films set in France
French films
1980s French films
Waterfall is an Unincorporated community on the west coast of Prince of Wales Island in Prince of Wales-Hyder Census Area, Alaska, United States, approximately west of Ketchikan. The primary industry was Waterfall Cannery, built in 1912 as a salmon processing facility. The cannery closed in 1973 and was renovated into the Waterfall Resort, a sport fishing lodge.
Waterfall is not connected to the island's road system; visitors to the resort arrive by floatplane from Ketchikan.
References
External links
Waterfall Resort
Unincorporated communities in Alaska
Unincorporated communities in Prince of Wales – Hyder Census Area, Alaska
Unincorporated communities in Unorganized Borough, Alaska
Cobán Athletic is a Honduran football club based in Jesús de Otoro, Honduras.
History
They were promoted to the Honduran second division in summer 2013.
References
Football clubs in Honduras
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Botucatu () is an archdiocese located in the city of Botucatu in Brazil.
History
June 7, 1908: Established as Diocese of Botucatu from the Diocese of São Paulo
In 1937 the bishop of the diocese, Carlos Duarte Costa resigned under pressure from the Vatican. They would later go on to form a Brazilian Catholic Church that allowed married priests and ended personal confessions.
April 19, 1958: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Botucatu
Bishops
Ordinaries
Bishops of Botucatu (Latin Rite)
Lúcio Antunes de Souza (1908.10.17 – 1923.10.19)
Carlos Duarte Costa (1924.07.04 – 1937.09.22)
Antonio Colturato, O.F.M. Cap. (1938.04.12 – 1946.05.05)
Henrique Hector Golland Trindade, O.F.M. (1948.05.15 – 1958.04.19)
Archbishops of Botucatu
Henrique Hector Golland Trindade, O.F.M. (1958.04.19 – 1968.03.27)
Vicente Ângelo José Marchetti Zioni (1968.03.27 – 1989.05.30)
Antônio Maria Mucciolo (1989.05.30 – 2000.06.07)
Aloysio José Leal Penna, S.J. (2000.06.07 – 2008.11.19)
Maurício Grotto de Camargo (2008.11.19 - present)
Auxiliary bishop
Silvio Maria Dário (1965-1968), appointed Bishop of Itapeva, São Paulo
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
José Melhado Campos, appointed Bishop of Lorena, São Paulo in 1960
Carlos José de Oliveira, appointed Bishop of Apucarana, Parana in 2018
Suffragan dioceses
Diocese of Araçatuba
Diocese of Assis
Diocese of Bauru
Diocese of Lins
Diocese of Marília
Diocese of Ourinhos
Diocese of Presidente Prudente
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Diocese website
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Roman Catholic ecclesiastical provinces in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1908
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1908 establishments in Brazil
Drogojówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Mannarino is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adrian Mannarino (born 1988), French tennis player
Mannarino (singer) (born 1979), Italian singer-songwriter
Tommaso Mannarino, Italian monk and scholar
Italian-language surnames
Asha Jaoar Majhe () is a 2014 Indian film by Aditya Vikram Sengupta. The film stars Ritwick Chakraborty and Basabdatta Chatterjee as an unnamed married couple, where it brings focus to the hard lives endured by ordinary working people in Kolkata.
The film premiered at the 11th Venice Days at the Venice International Film Festival on 4 September 2014 At the 62nd National Film Awards, it won the Indira Gandhi Award for Best Debut Film of a Director and Best Audiography.
Plot
The woman (Basabdatta Chatterjee) works in a handbag factory while the man (Ritwick Chakraborty) works the night shift at a printing press. The film follows that young married couple as they go about their day, how they stay apart all day long except one brief moment when they get to be with each other. The entire movie has no dialogues. It has background music and some classic old songs thrown in for a soothing effect.
Cast
Ritwick Chakraborty as the Man
Basabdatta Chatterjee as the Woman
Awards
62nd National Film Awards (India)
Indira Gandhi Award for Best Debut Film
Best Audiography
New York Indian Film Festival
Best Film
Best Director
Best Original Screenplay
World Premiere at the 11th Venice Days Film Festival
Best Debut Film
Marrakech International Film Festival
Best Director
Abu Dhabi Film Festival
Jury Special Mention
BFI London Film Festival
Honorable Mention
Bangalore International Film Festival
NETPAC Award for Best Asian Film
Jaipur International Film Festival
Best Feature Film
References
External links
Bengali-language Indian films
2010s Bengali-language films
2014 films
Films scored by Alokananda Dasgupta
Films set in Kolkata
Films set in West Bengal
Films without speech
Best Debut Feature Film of a Director National Film Award winners
Films that won the Best Audiography National Film Award
2014 directorial debut films
Middlesbrough participated in the Premier League during the 2005–06 season, where they finished in 14th place.
Middlesbrough had qualified for the UEFA Cup via the league the previous season, and this season saw them make a dramatic run all the way to the final where they lost 4–0 to Sevilla. Meanwhile, they were knocked out of the FA Cup in the semi final by losing finalists West Ham United and out of the League Cup in the quarter finals by Blackburn Rovers.
The end of the season saw the departure of manager Steve McClaren after five years and 250 games in charge as they went on to become manager of the England national football team.
Team kit and sponsors
During this season, Middlesbrough's kits were once again sponsored by 888.com and produced by Errea. The club retained the white band of the previous season, however, this season, the white band swept down the right hand side of the kit and followed down the shorts. The away kit was plain blue with navy panels red piping. A white third kit was required for the away tie at FC Basel, to avoid a clash with their red-and-blue home kit.
Squad
Senior squad
Appearances and goals
Appearance and goalscoring records for all the players who were in the Middlesbrough F.C. first team squad during the 2005–06 season.
|}
Discipline
Disciplinary records for 2005–06 league and cup matches. Players with 1 card or more included only.
Transfers
In
Out
For departures of players out of contract at the end of 2004-05 see 2004–05 Middlesbrough F.C. season.
Loans out
Notes
Pogatetz' fee could rise to £1.8 million.
Davies' loan was initially intended to last the full season.
Taylor's loan was initially intended to last the full season.
Turnbull's loan was initially intended to last six months. The deal was extended further, but they were then recalled.
Knight was injured during a game and returned to Middlesbrough after one week.
Wheater's loan was initially intended to last one month, but it was extended for a second month after good performances.
Graham's loan was initially intended to last one month, but was extended for a second month.
Premier League
Following their 7th-place finish the previous season, Boro fans were cautiously optimistic for the upcoming season. Despite losing Bolo Zenden (who left on a free to join Liverpool), the signings of Yakubu, Abel Xavier and Emanuel Pogatetz bolstered the squad and made it appear a lot stronger. These signings, along with the promise of another season in the UEFA cup promised a season to look forward to for the fans.
However, things didn't go as planned for Boro, and they only won 2 of their first 7 games in the league. Remarkably, one of the two games they won was against Arsenal, and this set the tone for the season.
During the course of the season, Middlesbrough lost to all three promoted clubs, yet somehow managed to beat Manchester United 4–1, Arsenal 2–1 and Chelsea 3–0.
The season stuttered as Boro progressed in both the FA Cup and UEFA Cup. This resulted in poor league form, and following a dismal 4–0 home defeat to Aston Villa, a fan ran onto the pitch and threw their season ticket at Steve McClaren in sheer frustration at the lack of coordination the team seemed to have. They were given a standing ovation from the crowd. No one picked up the season ticket.
The lack of depth in the Boro squad, combined with the two cup runs took their toll on the league position and Boro eventually finished 14th – a bitter disappointment for the fans who expected the club to build on last years success. The final position was put down to the team playing 64 games in the season (a record for a Premier League club) and a lack of depth in the squad to cover the injuries and fatigue that occurred from this number of games.
A positive for the Boro fans was the final Premier League game of the season against Fulham, where 15 of the 16 squad members were from the local area (the exception being Malcolm Christie). When Josh Walker replaced Malcolm Christie after 62 minutes the 11 players on the field were all born within 30 miles of Middlesbrough and all graduates of the club's academy. Lee Cattermole captained the team for the match and became Boro's youngest ever captain. It was also the first all English line up in the Premier League since Bradford City in 1999, the first all English match squad since Aston Villa in 1998 and the youngest starting line-up in Premier League history.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
Classification
League Cup
Middlesbrough were reasonably successful in the League Cup, beating Everton and Crystal Palace. However, they lost 1–0 in the quarter finals after a poor performance at home to Blackburn Rovers.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
FA Cup
One of the highlights of Boro's season was their FA Cup run. Despite making hard work of seemingly easy matches, the team reached the semi final where they lost 1–0 to West Ham.
The run started in the 3rd round against non-league outfit Nuneaton Borough. Nuneaton had exceeded all expectations to even reach the 3rd round and it seemed a comfortable win on paper for Boro. However, Nuneaton had different ideas, and after Boro had scored an early goal through Gaizka Mendieta, they dominated the match. They equalised through Gez Murphy and had a penalty appeal turned down in the final minutes. The match went onto a replay at the Riverside where Middlesbrough ended up 5–2 winners, but credit went to Nuneaton for a spirited display.
The 4th round drew Middlesbrough away at Coventry, were again they were held to a draw by lower league opposition, again the score was 1–1. The replay was a tense match which Boro eventually won 1–0 with a goal from Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink.
The 5th round was away at Preston North End and proved to be slightly more straight forward with Boro winning 2–0.
Yet another away draw came in the quarter finals, this time against fellow Premier League side Charlton Athletic. A tedious match ended in another replay. The replay at the Riverside was a total opposite to the first match, and a fantastic display of attacking football by a Boro side inspired by Mark Viduka led to a 4–2 win and a place in the semi finals.
The semi finals drew Middlesbrough against West Ham United. The number of matches the team had played in the season had caught up with them by this point and this proved a match too far for the team. They lost 1–0, with Marlon Harewood scoring the winner. More bad news for Boro was that they lost Mark Schwarzer, who received a fractured cheekbone after an elbow by Dean Ashton.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
UEFA Cup
The UEFA Cup campaign was a rollercoaster ride for Boro fans, which ended up with a loss in the final to Sevilla. However, to get that far in only the club's second ever season in Europe and the manner in which they did it means that the campaign will go down in the club's history.
First knockout stage
Boro's long cup run began in September with a home game against Xanthi of Greece. A 2–0 win, followed by a 0–0 draw away from home resulted in Boro reaching the group stages for the second year in a row.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
Group stage
Middlesbrough made light work of Group D, finishing top of the group by beating Grasshoppers, Dnipro and Liteks Lovech and drawing away at AZ Alkmaar. The only low point of the group campaign was the fatal stabbing of a Boro fan before the Alkmaar match.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
Group table
Second knockout phase
They were drawn against Stuttgart in the next round, a tough match for this stage of the competition. Middlesbrough produced a fantastic 2–1 away win in the first leg, but had to endure a nervy second leg where they lost 1–0 to progress on away goals.
In the next round Boro faced Roma, another difficult match. However, despite two very close matches, Middlesbrough again drew 2–2 over the two legs, and again progressed on away goals.
Boro faced F.C. Basel in the quarter finals. The first leg didn't go to plan, seeing Boro lose 2–0 and facing a tricky task in the home leg. They made the worst possible start in the return leg, conceding an early goal, and needed four to go through to the semi finals. This sparked an amazing comeback and goals from Viduka(2) and Hasselbaink brought Boro level, but they were still losing on away goals. With time running out, Massimo Maccarone scored the winner to send a jubilant Boro team through to the semi finals.
The semi final against Steaua Bucharest proved to be just as close and exciting as the quarter final. The first leg in Bucharest finished 1–0 to Steaua, leaving Boro with a good chance of progressing if they put in a good performance in the home leg. Things didn't go to plan though and Middlesbrough conceded 2 early goals, and go down 3–0 on aggregate. This meant that Boro again needed four goals to progress in the competition. Amazingly, Boro drew level through goals from Maccarone, Viduka and Riggott. Somehow Middlesbrough managed to get the goal they needed, in the last minute of added time a cross was met with a diving header from Maccarone to go 4–3 up on aggregate and seal the tie for Middlesbrough. This meant a place in the final against Sevilla waited for the team on 10 May 2006.
The final didn't go to plan though, and a very tired performance from the Boro team gave Sevilla a 4–0 victory. Despite the loss, the cup run was an amazing experience for the fans and it will stay in their memories for a long time.
Results
Note: Results are given with Middlesbrough score listed first. Man of the Match is according to mfc.co.uk.
The end of the McClaren era
The end of the season also brought about the end of Steve McClaren's spell as manager of Boro – their final match in charge being the 4–0 UEFA Cup final loss to Sevilla. After Sven-Göran Eriksson announced they would resign as England manager after the 2006 World Cup, the FA began their search for a new coach. After a prolonged and controversial search for the new manager, the FA appointed Steve McClaren as manager with Terry Venables as their number two.
Middlesbrough fans saw this as a blessing in disguise, as it seemed like McClaren has taken Boro as far as they could and the time was right for a change. The fans experienced highs and lows with Boro under McClaren, including their first ever trophy and a UEFA Cup final. However, their league position had suffered as a consequence. McClaren left Middlesbrough with the following record:
References and notes
Middlesbrough F.C. seasons
Middlesbrough
The César class or Zélé class included two 74-gun ships of the line designed by Joseph Coulomb. They were a development of their earlier 74-gun ship, the Zélé of 1763.
César
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 10 March 1767
Launched: 3 August 1768
Fate: Captured and burnt by the British at the Battle of the Saintes, 12 April 1782
Destin
Builder: Toulon
Ordered: 7 February 1770
Launched: 21 October 1777
Fate: Captured by the British at Toulon in August 1793, and burnt by them there in December 1793
Sources and references
Nomenclature des navires français de 1715 á 1774. Alain Demerliac (Editions Omega, Nice – 1995). .
Winfield, Rif and Roberts, Stephen (2017) French Warships in the Age of Sail 1626-1786: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates. Seaforth Publishing. .
74-gun ship of the line classes
Ship of the line classes from France
Howard County is a county located in the US state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,469. The county seat is Cresco. The county was founded in 1851; it was named for General Tilghman Ashurst Howard, a Representative of Indiana.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.08%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 63
Iowa Highway 9
Iowa Highway 139
Adjacent counties
Mower County, Minnesota (northwest)
Fillmore County, Minnesota (north)
Winnesheik County (east)
Chickasaw County (south)
Mitchell County (west)
Floyd County (southwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,469 in the county, with a population density of . 96.75% of the population reported being of one race. 91.69% were non-Hispanic White, 0.24% were Black, 2.72% were Hispanic, 0.51% were Native American, 0.29% were Asian, 0.07% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.48% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,314 housing units, of which 3,945 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,566 in the county, with a population density of . There were 4,367 housing units, of which 3,944 were occupied.
2000 census
At the 2000 census, there were 9,932 people, 3,974 households and 2,650 families residing in the county. The population density was 21 per square mile (8/km2). There were 4,327 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.06% White, 0.11% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.17% Asian, 0.08% from other races, and 0.42% from two or more races. 0.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,974 households, of which 31.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.8% were married couples living together, 6.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.3% were non-families. 29.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 3.03.
26.30% of the population were under the age of 18, 6.8% from 18 to 24, 25.4% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 20.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 97.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.3 males.
The median household income was $34,641 and the median family income was $43,284. Males had a median income of $28,856 compared $21,367 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,842. About 5.6% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.7% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Events
The Mighty Howard County Fair is held annually in Cresco, in the last full week of June. This celebration originated in 1858, and three fairs were celebrated before being interrupted by the American Civil War. They resumed from 1866 through 1899, and were resumed in 1923 under aegis of the present directorship.
Communities
Cities
Chester
Cresco
Elma
Lime Springs
Protivin
Riceville
Unincorporated communities
Bonaire
Florenceville
Schley
Townships
Afton
Albion
Chester
Forest City
Howard
Howard Center
Jamestown
New Oregon
Oak Dale
Paris
Saratoga
Vernon Springs
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Howard County.
† county seat
Notable people
Norman Borlaug (1914–2009) - Nobel Peace Prize winner who was raised and went to school in the county.
Politics
Through much of its history Howard County has been a swing county in US presidential elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Howard County, Iowa
References
External links
Howard County Development Commission's website
Howard County Government Website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Snaregade and Magstræde are two of the oldest streets in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark, linking Gammel Strand at their eastern end with Rådhusstræde to the west. Snaregade extends from the small square at the Gammel Strand metro station to Knabrostræde where it turns into Magstræde. The streets are among the few streets in the Old Town of Copenhagen which still feature their original cobbling. Magstræde is associated with Huset i Magstræde ("The House in Magstræde"), now officially referred to as Huset KBH ("The House CPH"", "CPH" being short for "Copenhagen"), a culture house.
History
Magstræde was created in the 1520s when the coastline was moved to present day Nyropgade. The first part of the name, Mag-, is an old word for a lavatory, referring to a public latrine, Vestre Mag ("Western Mag"), which was located at the site. Another one, Østre Mag (Eastern Mag"), was located at the end of Hyskenstræde.
Snaregade received its current name in 1607. It takes its name after Erling Jonssøn Snare, a former member of the city council who had owned a property on the street from 1501.
Notable buildings and residents
Snaregade
The building on the corner of Gammel Strand and Snaregade is Assistenshuset, a former royal pawn shop now housing the Ministry of Culture. The building from 1730 was designed by Philip de Lange. The half-timbered house at No. 5 is from 1732 and was built for Jørgen Povelsen , a rope maker. It was extended with an extra floor in 1768. All the other houses in the street date from after the fire in 1795. No. 4 is from 1902 and was built by Jacob Laurids Thrane. No. 6 (1799) and No. 8 (1807) were built by Poul Egeroed. No. 10 is from 1808 and was built by Johan Martin Quist.
Magstræde
The oldest building in the street is the symmetrical house at No. 17-19 which dates from the 1640s. No. 20 also dates from the time before the fire of 1728. The Schäffer House (No 6), also called Hofsnedkerens Gård ("The Court Carpenter's House"), was built by Philip de Lange in 1733–34 for Court Carpenter Diderich Schäffer who had been called to Denmark to work on Christiansborg Palace. Schäffer's rich interior Rococo decorations from their house are now on display in the National Museum. It is five bays wide and has a three-bay central projection. The rounded pediment was added in 1850. Schäffer also owned Schæffergården at Jægersborg north of Copenhagen. No. 11 is a former warehouse from before 1797. It was extended with an extra floor in 1817. No. 13 was built as a brewery for Andreas Krogh in 1808–09.
Cultural references
In the 2015 drama film The Danish Girl, Einar (Eddie Redmayne) and Gerda (Alicia Vikander) are seen walking through Snaregade, arm in arm late at night.
Image gallery
See also
Gorm's
References
External links
Magstræde at indenforvoldene.dk
Source
1840 census
1860 census
1787 census
Streets in Copenhagen
Uchanie-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Among locals, it is commonly known as Malarzówka.
References
Uchanie-Kolonia
Danilo Popivoda (; 1 May 1947 – 9 September 2021) was a football player and manager.
On the international level they played for the Yugoslavia national team (20 matches and five goals) and was a participant at the 1974 FIFA World Cup. They also participated at the UEFA Euro 1976, where they scored a goal in a match against West Germany.
References
1947 births
2021 deaths
People from North Bačka District
Yugoslav footballers
Association football forwards
Association football wingers
Yugoslavia international footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
UEFA Euro 1976 players
NK Olimpija Ljubljana (1945–2005) players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
Yugoslav First League players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in West Germany
Yugoslav expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Slovenian people of Serbian descent
Slovenian football managers
NK Ljubljana managers
UDD may refer to:
Science and technology
Ultra-dense deuterium
Neutrons, which have quark configurations of udd, or up-down-down
Ultradisperse diamond, another name for Detonation nanodiamond
Urine-diversion dehydration toilet
User driven development
Others
Uniform Distribution of Deaths, an assumption used in building actuarial life tables
Bermuda Dunes Airport
UDD, the station code for the Uddingston railway station in Uddingston, Scotland
United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship, a political movement in Thailand
Universidad del Desarrollo private university in Chile
Up dharma Down, a Filipino band
Kudlu Falls (also spelled kudlu teertha ) is in Udupi district, in the Western Ghats in Karnataka. It is located 42 km away from Udupi, 208 km from the Madikeri, 268 km from Bangalore and 122 km from Mysore.
How to reach
If you are travelling from Udupi, you get many private and KSRTC busses from Udupi to Hebri. From Hebri you may have to hire a vehicle to reach to the falls. If you have a private vehicle it is easy for you to reach to the falls.
From Udupi you should drive towards Hebri and then take the road towards Agumbe. You should take right at Nellikatte cross which is around 6 km from Hebri bus stop. From Nellikatte cross, you have to travel around 15 km to reach to the falls.
You can drive till the Kudlu falls entrance. You have enough parking space available there and then trek till the falls for about 3-4 km.
There is a nominal entry fee of 50 Rupees at the gate. The entry to the falls remains closed during heavy rain due to safety reasons. It is advised to check with local people first before reaching the falls. Generally a no entry board will be hung at Nellikatte cross.
References
Geography of Udupi district
Waterfalls of Karnataka
Minuscule 622 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), O π23 (von Soden), is a Greek diglot minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on parchment. Palaeographically it has been assigned to the 12th century. The manuscript is lacunose. Tischendorf labeled it by 155a and 188p.
Description
The codex contains the text of the Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles on 270 parchment leaves (size ) with some lacunae. It is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page.
It contains Prolegomena and a commentary to the Catholic epistles written by another hand.
The leaves 1 and 213 were supplied by a later hand (14th century?).
The order of books: Pauline epistles, and Catholic epistles. Hebrews is placed after Epistle to Philemon. It does not contain the Book of Acts.
Text
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History
The manuscript was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Johann Martin Augustin Scholz. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.
Formerly it was labeled by 155a and 188p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 622 to it.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Vatican Library (Vat. gr. 1430), at Rome.
See also
List of New Testament minuscules
Biblical manuscript
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Greek New Testament minuscules
12th-century biblical manuscripts
Manuscripts of the Vatican Library
The Diocese of Frigento (Latin: Dioecesis Frequentina) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Frigento in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy. In 1466, it was united with the Diocese of Avellino to form the Diocese of Avellino e Frigento. It was restored as a Titular Episcopal See in 1970.
Ordinaries
Battista de Ventura (1455–1465 Appointed, Bishop of Avellino e Frigento)
See also
Catholic Church in Italy
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Claus Zundel, also known as The Brave is a German composer, songwriter, producer and pianist. They have created several worldwide successful musical projects, most notable Sacred Spirit and B-Tribe (sold 20 million. copies combined), as well as more Indie projects such as "Moroccan Spirit", "Classical Spirit", "Divine Works", Ancient Spirit and their latest project "Tango Jointz".
After being a successful producer in the 1980s with a German artist named Hubert Kah, Zundel produced several pop albums under Circa Records U.K between 1988 and 1992 for Sydney Youngblood. The most successful hit was "If Only I Could," which entered the top 3 in the charts of most European countries, including the UK. Zundel signed to the new label Circa Records run by Ashley Newton and Ray Cooper, later responsible for the huge success of the Spice Girls before they became executives of Virgin USA. All of the Youngblood records were distributed under Virgin Records U.K. The first album Feeling Free included several hit singles that reached gold status in countries throughout Europe. The success of the Youngblood project opened the door for Zundel into the international music world.
Their music style is usually called as "The Brave Sound" as it considers a large number of music styles mixed in their special way. They often collaborate with musicians and singers from around the world and creates "The Brave Sound" projects with them.
Biography
The native of Heidelberg concentrated on R&B music in the 1980s, producing three tracks for Chaka Khan (who had moved to Germany) and several popular European artists in the 1980s. Tired of the fast pace, they moved to Ibiza, Spain in late 80s.
Their co-producers were Ralf Hamm and Markus Staab who joined them in 1988. In 1990, they recorded as BSOG with featured vocals by Elaine Hudson. They released a single "Bow Wow Wow," with additional tracks Wam Bam and Cooler Moments Of Vivaldi.
Overtaken by flamenco, Zundel amassed 250 hours of these types of performances. Soon after they created their first own successful musical project: B-Tribe ("Barcelona Tribe of Soulsters"). With the first album Fiest Fatal !, B-Tribe hit charts all over the world. Five more albums followed with total sales of over 5 million copies.
At the same time, in 1995 Zundel created their second multi-million selling project — Sacred Spirit. The album Chants and Dances of Native Americans received multi-platinum awards from RIAA and sold 7 million. In 2001, with More Chants and Dances of Native Americans album they got a Grammy award nomination for Best New Age Album.
Other related projects include Divine Works (1996) (which became a notable dance hit with "Ancient Person of My Heart" single), Ancient Spirit (1997) and One Little Creature. Some of these are getting difficult to obtain. However, a number of tracks from the Divine Works album are on the newer Classical Spirit album (2003) — a collection of five famous classical pieces remixed by Claus, as well as five of their own compositions. Moroccan Spirit album (a "The Brave" mix of Moroccan native songs, recorded by Zundel themselves during their five-month trip to Morocco) was released in 2002 and was a commercial success. The Brave also produced the Rose Moore album Spirit Of Silence in 2002. In February 2007 a new Zundel produced album was released worldwide — Palermo Nuevo — under project name Tango Jointz. Named after the cosmopolitan cultural and musical hotspot in Buenos Aires, this album is a collection of musical offerings combining traditional tango sounds and Latin rhythms with electronic beats.
Discography
Albums produced/written
Sydney Youngblood - Just the Way it Is 1993
B-Tribe - Fiesta Fatal (Warner/Atlantic) 1994
Sacred Spirit - Chants And Dances Of The Native Americans (Virgin) 1995
B-Tribe - Suave Suave (Atlantic) 1995
Ancient Spirit (1997)
Sacred Spirit - Culture Clash (Virgin) 1997, re-released as Indigo Spirit in 2000 on Higher Octave Music
Divine Works - Soundtrack for the New Millennium (Virgin) 1997
Divine Works - Ancient Person Of My Heart (Virgin) 1997 (CD, Maxi-Single and as 12" vinyl)
B-Tribe - Sensual Sensual (Atlantic) 1998
One Little Creature - Music of Fading Cultures - Pieces of Time (Virgin/Phantom) 1998
Hubert Kah - Rosemarie 1999
Sacred Spirit - More Chants And Dances Of The Native Americans (Higher Octave/Virgin) 2000
Ancient Spirits for a New Age - 5-CD Box Set
B-Tribe - Spiritual Spiritual (Higher Octave) 2001
Moroccan Spirit - Moroccan Spirit (Higher Octave) 2002
Rose Moore - Spirit of Silence 2002
Classical Spirit - Classical Spirit (Higher Octave) 2003
B-Tribe - 5 (Higher Octave) 2003
Sacred Spirit - Jazzy Chill Out (Higher Octave) 2003
Sacred Spirit - Bluesy Chill Out (Higher Octave) 2003
Tango Jointz - Palermo Nuevo (La Escondida) 2007
Macao Cafe -presents b-tribe 6 (macaocafemusic)2007
Holophone presents B-TRIBE 6 (Holophone) 2008
Singles produced/written
Raw Pulse - No Brothershit (Based On Take Five) 1994
B-Tribe - Fatal Fatal
B-Tribe - Nanita
B-Tribe - Que Mala Vida
References
External links
Fansite
Living people
German pianists
German record producers
Year of birth missing (living people)
German trance musicians
21st-century pianists
The black-capped foliage-gleaner (Philydor atricapillus) is a species of bird in the ovenbird family Furnariidae. The species is very closely related to the Alagoas foliage-gleaner and forms a superspecies with it.
It is found in eastern Brazil, eastern Paraguay and far northeastern Argentina. They inhabit lowland rainforest and secondary forest from sea level to , and is not migratory.
The black-capped foliage-gleaners is and weighs . It has striking plumage for a foliage-gleaner, with a mostly rufous body and a black cap, and black and buff stripes through the eyes. The sexes are alike.
It feeds on arthropods, preferring caterpillars and to a lesser extent beetles, but also takes flies, spiders, grasshoppers, true bugs, centipedes, and cockroaches. It feeds singly, in pairs or in mixed species feeding-flocks, and takes prey from dead leaves from the forest-floor to the canopy. Almost nothing is known about its breeding behaviour, beyond its nest being reported to being in a hole in a dirt bank.
The species is not considered threatened. Its range has decreased due to deforestation, but it is able to persist in small fragments of habitat.
References
black-capped foliage-gleaner
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
black-capped foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2017 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship Division I was an international inline hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation. The Division I tournament ran alongside the 2017 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship tournament and took place between 25 June and 1 July 2017 in Bratislava, Slovakia at the Ondrej Nepela Arena Rink 2 and Ondrej Nepela Arena. The tournament was won by Slovenia who upon winning gained promotion to the 2019 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship. While New Zealand and Brazil were relegated to the Qualifications after losing their placement round games along with Hungary who lost the relegation game against Argentina.
Qualification
Thirteen teams attempted to qualify for the three remaining spots in the 2017 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship Division I tournament. The other five nations automatically qualified based on their results from the 2015 Championship and 2015 Division I tournament. Two qualification tournaments were held with a place awarded to the winner of each tournament. The Asia/Oceania Qualification tournament was contested between Chinese Taipei, India, Japan and New Zealand with New Zealand winning promotion and returning to Division I after being relegated in 2012. Malaysia and Singapore were initially announced to be competing in the tournament however later withdrew and were replaced by Chinese Taipei. The Europe Qualification tournament was contested between Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Israel, Latvia, Macedonia, Serbia and Turkey with Latvia winning promotion and returning to Division I after being relegated in 2015. Ireland was initially announced to be competed in the tournament however later withdrew. A third qualification tournament representing the regions of the Americas and Africa was originally planned however Brazil was the only registered participant and so gained automatic qualification to Division I.
− Finished fourth in 2015 World Championship Division I
− Finished second in 2015 World Championship Division I
− Americas/Africa qualifier
− Finished third in 2015 World Championship Division I
− Finished fifth in 2015 World Championship Division I
− Winner of the Europe Qualification tournament
− Winner of the Asia/Oceania Qualification tournament
− Relegated from the 2015 World Championship
Asia/Oceania Qualification
The 2016 IIHF Inline Hockey Qualification Asia/Oceania was held in New Plymouth, New Zealand from 21 to 23 April 2016. New Zealand gained promotion to Division I after winning their three games and finishing first in the standings. Japan finished in second place and Chinese Taipei in third.
All times are local.
Europe Qualification
The 2016 IIHF Inline Hockey Qualification Europe was held in Steindorf, Austria from 22 to 25 June 2016. Latvia gained promotion after defeating Austria 4–2 in the final. Israel finished third place after defeating Macedonia in the 10–5 in the third place match.
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Placement round
7th/8th game
5th/6th game
3rd/4th game
1st/2nd game
Seeding and groups
The seeding in the preliminary round was based on the final standings at the 2015 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship and 2015 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship Division I, and the qualification tournaments. Division I's groups are named Group C and Group D while the 2017 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship use Group A and Group B, as both tournaments are held in Bratislava, Slovakia. The teams were grouped accordingly by seeding at the previous year's tournament (in parenthesis is the corresponding seeding):
Group C
(9)
(12)
(13)
(16)
Group D
(10)
(11)
(14)
(15)
Preliminary round
Eight participating teams were placed in the following two groups. After playing a round-robin, every team advanced to the Playoff round.
All times are local (UTC+3).
Group C
Group D
Playoff round
All eight teams advanced into the playoff round and were seeded into the quarterfinals according to their result in the preliminary round. The winning quarter finalists advanced through to the semifinals, while the losing teams moved through to the classification round. New Zealand and Brazil were relegated to the Qualifications after losing their classification round games and finished the tournament in seventh and eighth respectively. After winning their classification games Hungary and Argentina competed in the relegation game with Hungary being relegated to the Qualifications after losing 4–5 after a shootout. In the semifinals Slovenia defeated Great Britain and Latvia beat Australia, both advancing to the gold medal game. After losing the semifinals Great Britain and Australia played off for the bronze medal with Australia winning 7–3. Slovenia defeated Latvia 6–3 in the gold medal game and earned promotion to the 2019 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Quarterfinals
Classification
Semifinals
Relegation game
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Ranking and statistics
Final standings
The final standings of the tournament according to IIHF:
Tournament Awards
Best players selected by the directorate:
Best Goalkeeper: David Duschek
Best Defenseman: Luis Custodio
Best Forward: Owen Haiek
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals. If the list exceeds 10 skaters because of a tie in points, all of the tied skaters are shown.
Leading goaltenders
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes are included in this list.
References
External links
Division I at IIHF.com
IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship Division I
2017 in inline hockey
IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship
IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship Division I
Sports competitions in Bratislava
June 2017 sports events in Europe
July 2017 sports events in Europe
Inline hockey in Slovakia
Stephanie S. Tolan (born 1942 in Ohio) is an American author of children's books. Them book Surviving the Applewhites received a Newbery Honor in 2003. They obtained a master's degree in English at Purdue University. Tolan is a senior fellow at the Institute for Educational Advancement. They live in Charlotte, North Carolina, with their husband. Them papers are kept at the University of Central Missouri.
Bibliography
Children's books
1978 Grandpa and Me Scribners
1980 The Last of Eden, Warne
1981 The Liberation of Tansy Warner, Scribners
1981 No Safe Harbors
1983 The Great Skinner Strike, Atheneum Books
1983 A Time to Fly Free
1986 Pride of the Peacock, Atheneum
1987 The Great Skinner Getaway
1987 The Great Skinner Homestead
1988 A Good Courage
1990 Plague Year, William Morrow
1992 The Witch of Maple Park
1992 Sophie and the Sidewalk Man
1992 March Hooper and the Greatest Treasure in the World
1993 Save Halloween William Morrow
1994 Who's There?, HarperCollins
1996 Welcome to the Ark (Volume 1 of the Ark Trilogy), William Morrow
1996 The Great Skinner Enterprise
1998 The Face in the Mirror, HarperCollins
1999 Ordinary Miracles, HarperTeen
2001 Flight of the Raven (Volume 2 of the Ark Trilogy), HarperTeen
2002 Surviving the Applewhites 2003 Newbery Honor Book
2004 Bartholomew's Blessing
2006 Listen!, HarperCollins
2009 Wishworks, Inc., Arthur A. Levine Books,
2012 Applewhites at Wit's End (Applewhites Family #2)
Books for adults
2011 Change Your Story, Change Your Life, Createspace.
Adapted works
The Bridge to Terabithia, a theatrical adaption of the 1977 book by Katherine Paterson
Contributing author
2008 Our White House: Looking In, Looking Out, produced by the National Children's Book and Literacy Alliance (various authors/illustrators). Candlewick Press
Foreword
2020 Connected: Intuition and Resonance in Smart People, by Alan D. Thompson.
Articles
2008 "What We May Be: What Dabrowski's Work Can Do for Gifted Adults" (in the book Living With Intensity, edited by Susan Daniels & Michael M. Piechowski)
References
External links
Lectures by Tolan at the National Association for Gifted Children
Tolan at publisher HarperCollins
Tolan at Our White House, National Children's Book and Literacy Alliance
Stephanie S. Tolan Papers inventory at the James C. Kirkpatrick Library (University of Central Missouri), part of the Philip A. Sadler Research Collection of literature for children and young adults
1942 births
Living people
American children's writers
Newbery Honor winners
Writers from Charlotte, North Carolina
Purdue University alumni
University of Central Missouri people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American women children's writers
American women novelists
Novelists from North Carolina
Papilio erithonioides is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
Original description
Expanse male 3 and 7/8, female 4 and 5/8 – 5 inches.
Male. Upperside. Both wings marked as in Papilio demoleus Linn., but on the posterior wings the stramineous band which crosses the wings before the middle is broader, and the spots in the submarginal row are more lunulate; at the lower end of the dark rufous spot above the anal angle is a large subovate black spot; and the middle median nervule is produced into a rather longer tail than in P. demoleus.
Underside. More resembles P. erithonius , Cram., than P. demolius but the anterior wings are more irrorated with stramineous scales, and on the posterior wings the central band is less rufous and broader than in P. erithonius the curved black line which crosses the cell near its extremity in that species is represented in P. erithonioides by a triangular black spot with the apex pointing outwards, and the irregular row of black bars which divides the central band is wider; the veins on the disk are black instead of stramineous; the ocellus below the costal nervure is larger; and at the anal angle, instead of the ferruginous spot crowned with a black spot centred with blue scales, is a dark rufous spot, with the black spot at its lower end as on the upperside, above which is a round black spot with a blue iris centred with brown. The submarginal lunules are more deeply incised on the outer side.
Female. Upperside. Nearly resembling the male, but on the posterior wings a space on each side of the large ocellus below the costal nervure is bright ferruginous. On the disk, the space between the stramineous band and the row of submarginal lunules is brightly irrorated with stramineous scales, in which, between the veins, are spaces less densely irrorated with the same colour, giving the appearance of indistinct black spots, with clusters of blue scales more or less distinct below each, resembling somewhat the mottled appearance of the posterior wings of P. ophidicephalus, Oberth. The lunules in the submarginal row are very strongly developed, the apices of each lunule being elongated towards the margin; the tail formed by the prolongation of the middle median nervule is very marked, being nearly 3/8 inch long.
Underside. All the spots on both wings larger than on the upperside. Anterior wings with the first four spots of the submarginal row confluent with those of the marginal row, and the others nearly so. Posterior wings with the apices of the submarginal lunules much elongated, almost extending to the spots of the marginal row, which are fully developed. The marginal lunules on each side of the tails extend down them almost to the extremity. Across the disk the outer row of sinuate black lines is crowned with silvery blue; and in the middle row, the irregular black spots extend inwardly in a conical shape, and are margined on the outer side by another row of bright blue scales.inside the extremity of the cell is a broad curved black spot centred with blue; the veins are black, most broadly on the margins. Both wings irrorated with
stramineous scales between the spots and at the base.
Antennae rufous.
Hab. N.W. coast of Madagascar (Last).
In the Collections of Henley Grose Smith, the Hon. Walter Rothschild, and others. This species is intermediate between the Asiatic P. erithonus, Cram., and the African P. demoleus Linn. Both the latter species are among the commonest butterflies in their respective countries; and the true P. Demoleus is common in Madagascar, as well as on the continent
of Africa. P. erithonioides is a much larger insect than P. erithonius, and the development of the tails in the female is very remarkable. A considerable series was received.
Taxonomy
Papilio erithonioides is a member of the demodocus species-group. The clade members are
Papilio demodocus Esper, 1799
Papilio demoleus Linnaeus, 1758
Papilio erithonioides Grose-Smith, 1891
Papilio grosesmithi Rothschild, 1926
Papilio morondavana Grose-Smith, 1891
References
External links
Butterfly corner Images from Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna
erithonioides
Butterflies described in 1891
Butterflies of Africa
Günther Golautschnig (born 22 November 1953) is an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1982.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
The National Movement for Nature and Development (Mouvement National pour la Nature et le Développement) is a minor Green political party in Algeria. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 2.00% of the vote and 7 out of 389 seats.
References
Political parties in Algeria
Green parties in Africa
Written and illustrated by Yuu Watase, chapters of Arata: The Legend has been serialized in Shogakukan's Weekly Shōnen Sunday magazine since October 2008. Shogakukan collected its chapters into twenty-four individual tankōbon volumes, published from January 16, 2009, to September 18, 2015. Shogakukan started re-releasing the series in a two-in-one volume "remastered edition", which includes the original color page chapters from the magazine and various other modifications. The first volume was released on July 18, 2013. On May 14, 2021, Watase wrote on their blog that the tankōbon edition of the series would not continue being published and the series will only continue with the remastered edition. As of April 18, 2022, fifteen volumes have been released.
The manga is licensed for English release in North America by Viz Media, as part of their Shonen Sunday imprint. The first volume was released on March 9, 2010. The 24th and last volume of the tankōbon edition was released on August 9, 2016.
Volume list
Tankōbon edition
Remastered edition
Note: The remastered edition includes more chapters than the tankōbon edition, therefore, the numbering of the remastered edition do not entirely match with the numbering of the tankōbon edition. For example: chapters 208 and 226 of the tankōbon edition were numbered 226 and 243, respectively, in the remastered edition. In 2021, chapters 227–237 of the tankōbon edition and chapters 238–240, were republished in Weekly Shōnen Sunday, numbered as 244–257.<ref></p></ref>
Chapters not yet published in bound volumes
Note: The list of chapters follows the numbering of the remastered edition.
283.
284.
285.
286.
287.
288.
289.
290.
291.
292.
293.
294.
295.
296.
Notes
References
Arata: The Legend
The Ability was a wooden Steamer coastal transport cargo ship of 140 tons, owned by Parsons, R & Plunkett. They were scuttled and abandoned off Newcastle, New South Wales on 3 June 1960 or off Sydney on 3 April 1965.
References
Sources
Further reading
Online Database's
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788–1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
History of Newcastle, New South Wales
1910 ships
Decasia is a 2002 American collage film by Bill Morrison, featuring an original score by Michael Gordon. In 2013, Decasia was included in the annual selection of 25 motion pictures for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Summary
The film is a meditation on old, decaying silent films, featuring segments of earlier movies re-edited and integrated into a new narrative. Critic Glen Kenny described Decasia as an "abstract narrative about mortality in all of its manifestations."
It begins and ends with scenes of a dervish and is bookended with old footage showing how film is processed. Nothing was done to accelerate the decomposition of the actual film prints, some of which were copied from the University of South Carolina's Moving Image Research Collections as well as deteriorating film footage that Morrison found at the Library of Congress.
The film's musical soundtrack features several detuned pianos and an orchestra playing out of phase with itself, adding to the fractured and decomposing nature of the film.
Various films that were incorporated into Decasia have been positively identified: J. Farrell MacDonald's The Last Egyptian (1914), written, produced, and based on the novel by L. Frank Baum; William S. Hart's Truthful Tulliver (1917); Norman Dawn's A Tokyo Siren (1920); John H. Collins's The Man Who Could Not Sleep (1915); Eddie Lyons's Peace and Quiet (1921) and Phillips Smalley's The Mind Cure (1912). Various Fox Movietone newsreel footage were also used.
Legacy
In 2013, Decasia was selected for preservation by the National Film Registry. It was the first film from the 21st century to be selected. Decasia was included in the September 2014 box set release of Bill Morrison's collected works, from Icarus Films.
References
External links
Decasia essay by Daniel Eagan at National Film Registry
2002 films
Silent films
American avant-garde and experimental films
American black-and-white films
Collage film
United States National Film Registry films
American independent films
Non-narrative films
Films directed by Bill Morrison (director)
2000s avant-garde and experimental films
2000s American films
The Royal Mines Act 1693 (5 & 6 Will & Mary c 6) is an Act of the Parliament of England.
This Act was partly in force in Great Britain at the end of 2010.
Section 2
This section was repealed by section 1 of, and Part VII of the Schedule to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1969.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
John Raithby (editor). The Statutes of the Realm. 1819. Volume 6. Pages 446 to 447. Digitised copy from British History Online.
External links
The Royal Mines Act 1693, as amended, from Legislation.gov.uk.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1693 in law
1693 in England
Mining in England
Mining law and governance
The Center for Civilians in Conflict (CIVIC) is a Washington, D.C. based non-profit, non-governmental organization (NGO). CIVIC was founded in 2003 by Marla Ruzicka as the Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict. CIVIC works on behalf of civilians in conflict-zones, providing research and advocating to policymakers. CIVIC is a part of the Making Amends Campaign. CIVIC's mission statement reads: "Our mission is to work with armed actors and civilians in conflict to develop and implement solutions to prevent, mitigate and respond to civilian harm."
History
Center for Civilians in Conflict (CIVIC), formerly Campaign for Innocent Victims in Conflict, was founded by Marla Ruzicka in 2003. Marla, with the help of Senator Patrick Leahy, created a US-funded aid program dedicated to helping rebuild the lives of civilians unintentionally harmed by US combat operations. CIVIC works closely with the military and organizations such as NATO. Although Marla was killed by a suicide bomb in Baghdad in April 2005, their colleagues, friends and family continue to run CIVIC. The first staff members were hired in early 2006 and the organization expanded its mandate in early 2007 beyond Iraq and Afghanistan. CIVIC achievements include persuading the US Congress to develop programs that aid victims caught in the middle of widespread conflict.
Key concepts
Recognize
CIVIC tells the stories of how conflict affects civilians, and advocates that policymakers and armed actors recognize their rights, publicly acknowledge when they have been harmed, and take their well-being into consideration before, during, and after the fighting.
Prevent
CIVIC works with various armed actors to translate lessons learned and law into policies and practices that can prevent harm to civilians.
Protect
CIVIC works with international organizations such as the United Nations and the African Union, as well as national militaries, to develop policies and build skills that enable them to protect civilians from those who would harm them.
Amend
CIVIC advocates that armed actors and peacekeepers work with victims and survivors to offer appropriate amends to those injured and to the families of those killed. These may take the form of apologies and financial assistance. Whatever the form of amends, CIVIC has worked since 2003 to ensure the dignity of the victims and their families is recognized and respected.
Findings
CIVIC released a report in 2009 on civilian harm in Northwest Pakistan. It was based on a United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan report that estimated a 40% increase in the number of civilian deaths in 2008. Civic report concludes that civilian harm is compounded by widespread poverty and that while the Pakistani government does make amends most do not receive any due to deficiencies in compensation mechanisms and no effort from the US. Another survey released by an individual associated with CIVIC counted two thousand killed and four thousand injured. CIVICs reports suggest that the number of civilians killed and injured in war conflicts exceeds the number that the United States admits to.
Accomplishments
CIVIC partnered with the United States military to train US soldiers shipping out to Iraq and Afghanistan on avoiding civilians and how to compensate for any harm caused. CIVIC also worked with the American Civil Liberties Union to analyze civilian claims of damages and craft legislation to address shortfalls in the current system (the Civilian Claims Act). CIVIC successfully pressed the North Atlantic Treaty Organization member states to develop, fund, and ensure that a trust fund for war victims was in place.
CIVIC provided a military lawyer that worked with Harvard University to document US efforts to make amends to civilians suffering losses. They also organised for someone living in Afghanistan to help coordinate delivery of aid from NATO and the US to war victims. Over one-third of contributions to CIVIC come from individual contributions.
CIVIC received 10 million dollars from Congress as part of their initiative to advocate and help design a new US program for Pakistani war victims. CIVIC has conducted interviews with Pakistani and US policymakers, humanitarians and officials from international organizations, and over 160 Pakistani civilians.
In Afghanistan, CIVIC's research in Afghanistan and advocacy in Brussels directly led to NATO approving its first amends policy for Afghan war victims. CIVIC's advocacy in 2008-2009 led directly to the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) command emphasis on civilian harm mitigation and a significant shift in tactics to avoid civilian harm. According to UN reports, pro-government elements, (which includes ISAF and Afghan forces) accounted for 39% of civilian deaths in 2008. By 2010 that percentage dropped to 15%, and declined further by 2013 to 11%.
In 2016, CIVIC conducted a six-month research project on the capabilities, gaps, and potential for civilian protection in the Ukrainian military and Ministry of Defense.
In 2017, CIVIC re-established a research and advocacy project in Mali to advance the protection of civilians through the UN peacekeeping operation, MINUSMA. Additionally, CIVIC successfully advocated for an increase in the capabilities of the peacekeeping operation in the Central African Republic (CAR) publishing "The Primacy of Protection: Delivering on the MINUSCA Mandate in the Central African Republic." In the Democratic Republic of Congo CIVIC published "Protection with Less Presence: How the Peacekeeping Operation in DRC Is Attempting to Deliver Protection with Fewer Resources," based on CIVIC's research regarding the impact of MONUSCO base closures.
Headquarters and offices
CIVIC is headquartered in Washington, DC and maintains field offices in New York, Nigeria, Iraq, the Kurdish region of Northern Iraq, and Afghanistan.
See also
Human rights in Pakistan
United Nations
War in North-West Pakistan
References
External links
The results of CIVIC's massive campaign in Iraq
Advocacy groups in the United States
Non-profit organizations based in Washington, D.C.
Organizations established in 2003
Comocladia dodonaea, with common names poison ash, and Christmas bush, is a species of tree in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae. It is native to Caribbean islands.
In the sap of the plant and on the surface of the leaves is an urushiol poison similar to that in poison ivy.
References
Anacardiaceae
Trees of the Amazon
Trees of Brazil
Ada was a wooden ketch that was wrecked on the Oyster Bank at Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.
Wreck
On 29 April 1897, Ada , and ran aground. They were later dismantled.
References
Sources
Australian Shipwrecks - vol1 1622-1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Maritime incidents in 1897
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
Ketches of Australia
History of Newcastle, New South Wales
The 1975 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1975 NCAA Division I football season. In its first season under head coach Richard Williamson, the team compiled an 7–4 record and outscored opponents by a total of 180 to 168. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Lloyd Patterson with 371 passing yards, Terdell Middleton with 586 rushing yards and 42 points scored, and Ricky Rivas with 224 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Andrew Keith Leaf (born 18 January 1962) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for York City, and in non-League football for Huby & Magnet.
References
1962 births
Living people
Footballers from York
English footballers
Association football defenders
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
LACTIN-V, also known as CTV-05 or as Lactobacillus crispatus CTV-05, is a live biopharmaceutical medication containing a strain of Lactobacillus crispatus (L. crispatus) which is under development for the treatment of urinary tract infections (UTIs) and bacterial vaginosis (BV). It is administered intravaginally and is described as the first vaginal microbiome (VMB)-based live biotherapeutic product (LBP). Depletion of hydrogen peroxide (H2O2)-producing Lactobacillus strains such as Lactobacillus crispatus in the vagina has been strongly associated with BV and UTIs. Most commercially available probiotic Lactobacillus strains are not vaginal strains and do not appear to improve vaginal or urinary health outcomes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)'s Sexually Transmitted Infections Treatment Guidelines (2021) noted that intravaginal LACTIN-V produced a considerably lower recurrence of BV following initial antibiotic treatment with metronidazole in a randomized controlled trial. However, the guidelines also noted that LACTIN-V is not yet Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved or commercially available. As of December 2021, LACTIN-V is in phase 2/3 clinical trials for the treatment of UTIs and is in phase 2 trials for the treatment of BV. It was originated by GyneLogix and is under development by Osel Inc., the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and other organizations.
References
External links
CTV-05 (LACTIN-V; Lactobacillus crispatus CTV-05) - AdisInsight
Experimental drugs
Lactobacillaceae
Probiotics
Isuzu Motors Saudi Arabia Company Limited is a commercial vehicle manufacturer and dealer based in Dammam, Saudi Arabia. It is a joint venture between Isuzu (99%) and Isuzu Motors Asia (1%).
History
The first concrete plans for this project can be traced back to 2007, but a corresponding declaration of intent and the establishment of the company were delayed until 2011 due to the Great Recession. At the end of 2012, the plant was opened in the presence of the Saudi Arabian Minister of Economics. It is the first complete production plant for Japanese trucks in the Gulf region.
The company has more than 100 employees. The theoretical capacity is 3000 units. Despite a planned capacity expansion to 25,000 copies at the time of opening, around 2000 and 1700 vehicles were produced in 2016 and 2017 respectively.
Models
The F series is produced by Isuzu Motors Saudi Arabia.
References
External links
Official website
Isuzu
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 2011
Truck manufacturers of Saudi Arabia
2011 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Companies based in Dammam
Coronation was a 90-gun second-rate ship of the line of the English Royal Navy, built at Portsmouth Dockyard as part of the '30 great ships programme' of 1677, and launched in 1685. They were lost in a storm off Rame Head, Cornwall on 3 September 1691 and is designated under the Protection of Wrecks Act 1973. The wreck is a Protected Wreck managed by Historic England.
Service
Coronation was commissioned on 14 February 1690 under Captain John Munden, as the flagship of Vice-Admiral Sir Ralph Delavall, under whom they took part in the Battle of Beachy Head, against the French, on 30 June 1690. The French won the battle and had temporary control of the English Channel. Captain Charles Skelton took command of the ship on 29 October 1690.
Loss
On 3 September 1691 Coronation was patrolling the channel with the English Fleet and made for Plymouth. The exact circumstances are unclear but it is thought they dragged their anchors while trying to sit out a south-east gale in the lee of Rame Head and was driven aground in Lady Cove to the west of Penlee Point; approximately 600 men drowned, including Skelton. Only about twenty survived.
Wreck
Part of the wreck was discovered, close to the shore in 1967 and a second offshore site was found in 1977. The area is subject to strong tidal flows, especially during spring tides. The main wreck site extends in a south-west direction, over 1300m, from the southern side of Penlee Point and artefacts are spread over a large area. The site is a protected wreck and a licence is required to dive on the site.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Lavery, Brian (2003) The Ship of the Line – Volume 1: The development of the battlefleet 1650–1850. Conway Maritime Press. .
Winfield, Rif (2009) British Warships in the Age of Sail: 1603–1714. Seaforth Publishing.
External links
"Coronation Offshore site" National Heritage List for England
"Coronation Inshore site" National Heritage List for England
1680s ships
Cornish shipwrecks
Protected Wrecks of England
Ships of the line of the Royal Navy
Wreck diving sites in England
The Shen'ao Power Plant () was a coal-fired power plant in Ruifang District, New Taipei, Taiwan.
History
The power plant started operating in 1960. In 1965, trains began carrying coal to the power plant from coal mines in Ruifang. It was decommissioned in 2007.
See also
List of power stations in Taiwan
References
1960 establishments in Taiwan
2007 disestablishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in New Taipei
Coal-fired power stations in Taiwan
Demolished buildings and structures in Taiwan
Energy infrastructure completed in 1960
The men's light flyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1988 Summer Olympics. The weight class was the lightest contested, and allowed boxers of up to 48 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 17 September to 1 October 1988. 34 boxers from 34 nations competed. 1980 bronze medalist Ivailo Marinov won the gold medal by controversially defeating young Michael Carbajal. There were suspicions of politics influencing the judges decision in the gold medal bout.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
Mark Epton (GBR) def. Damber Bhatta (NEP), 5:0
Henry Martínez (ELS) def. Yacine Cheikh (ALG), 5:0
Ochiryn Demberel (MGL) def. Mamoru Kuroiwa (JPN), KO-3
Second round
Michael Carbajal (USA) def. Oh Kwang Soo (KOR), 3:2
Dang Nieu Hu (VIE) def. Antonio Caballero (ESP), Referee stopped contest (RSC)-2
Wayne McCullough (IRL) def. Fred Mutuweta (UGA), 5:0
Scotty Olson (CAN) def. Washington Banian (PNG), KO-1
Chatchai Sasakul (THA) def. Luis Román Rolón (PUR), 3:2
Maurice Maina (KEN) def. Mohamed Haddad (SYR), 4:1
Róbert Isaszegi (HUN) def. Colin Moore (GUY), 5:0
Sadoon Abboud (IRQ) def. Bounmy Thephavong (LAO), RSC-2
Leopoldo Serrantes (PHI) def. Hassan Mustafa (EGY), RSC-2
Sam Stewart (LBR) def. Darwin Angeles (HON), 5:0
Thomas Chisenga (ZAM) def. Liu Hsin-Hung (TPE), 4:1
Mahjoub Mjirich (MAR) def. Ochiryn Demberel (MGL), 3:2
Jesus Beltre (DOM) def. Marcelino Bolivar (VEN), 4:1
Alexander Makhmutov (URS) def. Carlos Eluaiza (ARG), 5:0
Ivailo Marinov (BUL) def. Mark Epton (GBR), 5:0
Henry Martínez (ELS) def. Yehuda Ben-Haim (ISR), walk-over
Third round
Michael Carbajal (USA) def. Dang Nieu Hu (VIE), RSC-1
Scotty Olson (CAN) def. Wayne McCullough (IRL), 5:0
Chatchai Sasakul (THA) def. Maurice Maina (KEN), 5:0
Róbert Isaszegi (HUN) def. Sadoon Abboud (IRQ), RSC-1
Leopoldo Serrantes (PHI) def. Sam Stewart (LBR), 5:0
Mahjoub Mjirich (MAR) def. Thomas Chisenga (ZAM), 5:0
Alexander Makhmutov (URS) def. Jesus Beltre (DOM), 4:1
Ivailo Marinov (BUL) def. Henry Martínez (ELS), 5:0
Quarterfinals
Michael Carbajal (USA) def. Scotty Olson (CAN), 5:0
Róbert Isaszegi (HUN) def. Chatchai Sasakul (THA), 3:2
Leopoldo Serrantes (PHI) def. Mahjoub Mjirich (MAR), RSC-3
Ivailo Marinov (BUL) def. Alexander Makhmutov (URS), 5:0
Semifinals
Michael Carbajal (USA) def. Róbert Isaszegi (HUN), 4:1
Ivailo Marinov (BUL) def. Leopoldo Serrantes (PHI), 5:0
Final
Ivailo Marinov (BUL) def. Michael Carbajal (USA), 5:0
References
Light Flyweight
Warshaw is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bobby Warshaw (born 1988), American soccer player
Dalit Warshaw (born 1974), American composer and pianist
Howard Scott Warshaw (born 1957), American psychotherapist and game designer
Jack Warshaw (born 1942), American folksinger
Matt Warshaw (born 1960), American surfer
Robert Warshaw, American law enforcement official
Microchilo acroperalis is a moth of the family Crambidae. It is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Moths described in 1908
Diptychophorini
This is a list of defunct airlines of Belarus.
See also
List of airlines of Belarus
List of airports in Belarus
References
Belarus
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Khold is a Norwegian black metal band formed in Oslo in 2000 after the split-up of Tulus. The band plays mid-paced black metal.
History
Khold was formed in Oslo in 2000. A demo was recorded in late 2000, which caused Khold to be signed by Moonfog.
The first Khold album, Masterpiss of Pain, was released in 2001. Later in the year, Khold went touring in Europe to support the album.
Khold's second album, Phantom, was released in 2002.
In late 2003, Khold recorded their third album Mørke gravers kammer, and also made a music video for the song "Død". The album was released in 2004, through Candlelight Records.
Khold went on yet another Norwegian tour in 2005, and then recorded their fourth album, Krek, which was released on 10 October by Tabu Records.
Khold returned in 2008 with a new album, Hundre År Gammal, which was released on 9 June.
After returning to the live scene in 2011 at the Wacken Open Air festival Khold has been playing a couple of festivals each year.
In 2014, Khold released yet another critically acclaimed album entitled Til Endes and continue to perform at festivals throughout Europe and the US.
In June 2021, Khold signed to Soulseller Records and they are expected to release their first album in eight years in 2022.
Style
Lyrical style
Drummer Sarke explained their lyrical style thus:
Our lyrics deal much about death and what surrounds death. Always the old way: sickness, mad people, ancient beliefs and so on. Hildr writes our lyrics and they do it very well. The reason we have Norwegian lyrics is because it fits our music better and gives us more inspiration to make dark, cold music.
Regarding the religious aspect often present in black metal, Sarke noted:
We are not into Jesus or whatever; we write our own stories. We can of course use the name God or Satan in our lyrics. If so, its just a part of a story. I can't understand why people still believe in that shit.
Musical style
Khold play their music in a raw and primitive manner, using only guitar, bass guitar and drums. The lyrics are all written in ancient Norwegian, with the intention of enhancing the songs' concepts. Their music has been described as "black 'n' roll" by some.
Discography
Masterpiss of Pain (2001)
Phantom (2002)
Mørke gravers kammer (2004)
Krek (2005)
Hundre år gammal (2008)
Til Endes (2014)
Svartsyn (2022)
Personnel
Current line-up
Gard – vocals, guitar
Rinn – guitar
Crowbel – bass guitar (since 2013)
Sarke – drums
Hildr – lyrics
Former members
Eikind – bass guitar (2000–2002)
Brandr – bass guitar (for a couple of gigs in 2002)
Sir Graanug – bass guitar on the Phantom album
Grimd – bass guitar from 2002 until 2012
References
Norwegian black metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2000
2000 establishments in Norway
Musical groups from Norway with local place of origin missing
"Spiritual but not religious" (SBNR), also known as "spiritual but not affiliated" (SBNA), is a popular phrase and initialism used to self-identify a life stance of spirituality that does not regard organized religion as the sole or most valuable means of furthering spiritual growth. Historically, the words religious and spiritual have been used synonymously to describe all the various aspects of the concept of religion, but in contemporary usage spirituality has often become associated with the interior life of the individual, placing an emphasis upon the well-being of the "mind-body-spirit", while religion refers to organizational or communal dimensions.
Origins and demography
Historically, the words religious and spiritual have been used synonymously to describe all the various aspects of the concept of religion. However, religion is a highly contested term with scholars such as Russell McCutcheon arguing that the term "religion" is used as a way to name a "seemingly distinct domain of diverse items of human activity and production". The field of religious studies cannot even agree on one definition for religion and since spirituality overlaps with it in many ways it is difficult to reach a consensus for a definition for spirituality as well.
The specific expression was used in several scholarly works, including an anthropological paper in 1960 and in Zinnbauer et al.'s seminal paper "Religiousness and Spirituality: Unfuzzying the Fuzzy". SBNR as a movement in America was delineated by author Sven Erlandson in their 2000 book Spiritual but not Religious. The phenomenon possibly started to emerge as a result of a new Romantic movement that began in the 1960s, whereas the relationship between the two has been remotely linked to William James' definition of religious experience, which they define as the "feelings, acts and experiences of individual men in their solitude, so far as they apprehend themselves to stand in relation to whatever they may consider the divine." Romantic movements tend to lean away from traditional religion and resemble spiritual movements in their endorsement of mystical, unorthodox, and exotic ways. Owen Thomas also states that the ambiguity and lack of structure present in Romantic movements are also present within spiritual movements.
According to a study conducted by Pew Research Center in 2012, the number of Americans who do not identify with any religion has increased from 15% in 2007 to 20% in 2012, and this number continues to grow. One fifth of the US public and a third of adults under the age of 30 are reportedly unaffiliated with any religion but identify as being spiritual in some way. Of these religiously unaffiliated Americans, 37% classify themselves as spiritual but not religious, while 68% say they do believe in God, and 58% feel a deep connection to the Earth.
Increased popular and scholarly attention to "spirituality" by scholars like Pargament has been related to sociocultural trends towards deinstitutionalization, individualization, and globalization.
Generational replacement has been understood as a significant factor of the growth of religiously unaffiliated individuals. Significant differences were found between the percentage of those considered younger Millennials (born 19901994) as compared with Generation Xers (born 19651980), with 34% and 21% reporting to be religiously unaffiliated, respectively.
Demographically, research has found that the religiously unaffiliated population is younger, predominately male, and 35% are between the ages of 18 and 29. Conversely, only 8% of religiously unaffiliated individuals are 65 and older. Among those unaffiliated with organized religion as a whole, 56% are men and 44% are women.
Another possible explanation for the emergence of SBNR is linguistic. Owen Thomas highlights the fact that spirituality movements tend to be localized to English and North American cultures. The meaning of the term "spirit" is more narrow in English than that of other languages, referring to all of the uniquely human capacities and cultural functions.
Yet, according to Siobhan Chandler, to appreciate the "god within" is not a twentieth century notion with its roots in the 1960s counter culture or 1980s New Age, but spirituality is a concept that has pervaded all history.
Characteristics of SBNR
Anti-institutional and personal
According to Abby Day, some of those who are critical of religion see it as rigid and pushy, leading them to use terms such as atheist, agnostic to describe themselves. For many people, SBNR is not just about rejecting religion outright, but not wanting to be restricted by it.
According to Linda Mercadante, SBNRs take a decidedly anti-dogmatic stance against religious belief in general. They claim not only that belief is non-essential, but that it is potentially harmful or at least a hindrance to spirituality.
According to Philip D. Kenneson, many of those studied who identify as SBNR feel a tension between their personal spirituality and membership in a conventional religious organization. Most of them value curiosity, intellectual freedom, and an experimental approach to religion. Many go as far to view organized religion as the major enemy of authentic spirituality, claiming that spirituality is private reflection and private experience—not public ritual. To be "religious" conveys an institutional connotation, usually associated with Abrahamic traditions: to attend worship services, to say Mass, to light Hanukkah candles. To be "spiritual," in contrast, connotes personal practice and personal empowerment having to do with the deepest motivations of life. As a result, in cultures that are deeply suspicious of institutional structures and that place a high value on individual freedom and autonomy, spirituality has come to have largely positive connotations, while religion has been viewed more negatively.
According to Robert Fuller, the SBNR phenomenon can be characterized as a mix of intellectual progressivism and mystical hunger, impatient with the piety of established churches.
According to Robert Wuthnow, spirituality is about much more than going to church and agreeing or disagreeing with church doctrines. Spirituality is the shorthand term used in Western society to talk about a person's relationship with God. For many people, how they think about religion and spirituality is certainly guided by what they see and do in their congregations. At a deeper level, it involves a person's self-identity—feeling loved by God, and these feelings can wax and wane.
Categorization of SBNRs
Linda A. Mercadante categorizes SBNRs into five distinct categories:
"Dissenters" are the people who, for the most part, make a conscious effort to veer away from institutional religion. "Protesting dissenters" refers to those SBNRs who have been 'turned off' religious affiliation because of adverse personal experiences with it. "Drifted Dissenters" refers to those SBNRs who, for a multitude of reasons, fell out of touch with organized religion and chose never to go back. "Conscientious objector dissenters" refers to those SBNRs who are overtly skeptical of religious institutions and are of the view that religion is neither a useful nor necessary part of an individual's spirituality.
"Casuals" are the people who see religious and/or spiritual practices as primarily functional. Spirituality is not an organizing principle in their lives. Rather they believe it should be used on an as-needed basis for bettering their health, relieving stress, and for emotional support. The spirituality of "Casuals" is thus best understood as a "therapeutic" spirituality that centers on the individual's personal wellbeing.
"Explorers" are the people who seem to have what Mercadante refers to as a "spiritual wanderlust". These SBNRs find their constant search for novel spiritual practices to be a byproduct of their "unsatisfied curiosity", their desire for journey and change, as well as feelings of disappointment. Explorers are best understood as "spiritual tourists" who take comfort in the destination-less journey of their spirituality and have no intentions of ultimately committing to a spiritual home.
"Seekers" are those people who are looking for a spiritual home but contemplate recovering earlier religious identities. These SBNRs embrace the "spiritual but not religious" label and are eager to find a completely new religious identity or alternative spiritual group that they can ultimately commit to.
"Immigrants" are those people who have found themselves in a novel spiritual realm and are trying to adjust themselves to this newfound identity and its community. "Immigrants" can be best understood as those SBNRs who are "trying on" a radically new spiritual environment but have yet to feel completely settled there. It is important to note that for these SBNRs, although they are hoping to become fully integrated in their newfound spiritual identities, the process of acclimation is difficult and often disconcerting.
Practices
SBNR is related to feminist spiritual and religious thought and ecological spiritualities, and also to Neo-Paganism, Wicca, Shamanic, Druidic, Gaian and ceremonial magic practices. Some New Age spiritual practices include astrology, Ouija boards, Tarot cards, the I Ching, and science fiction. A common practice of SBNRs is meditation, such as mindfulness and Transcendental Meditation.
Criticism
Some representatives of organized religion have criticized the practice of spirituality without religiosity. Lillian Daniel, a liberal Protestant minister, has characterized the SBNR worldview as a product of secular American consumer culture, far removed from community and "right smack in the bland majority of people who find ancient religions dull but find themselves uniquely fascinating". James Martin, a Jesuit priest, has called the SBNR lifestyle "plain old laziness", stating that "spirituality without religion can become a self-centered complacency divorced from the wisdom of a community".
Other critics contend that within the "Spiritual but not Religious" worldview, self-knowledge and self-growth have been problematically equated with knowledge of God, directing a person's focus inward. As a result, the political, economic, and social forces that shape the world are neglected and left untended. Further, some scholars have noted the relative spiritual superficiality of particular SBNR practices. Classical mysticism within the world's major religions requires sustained dedication, often in the form of prolonged asceticism, extended devotion to prayer, and the cultivation of humility. In contrast, SBNRs in the Western world are encouraged to dabble in spiritual practices in a way that is often casual and lacking in rigor or any reorganization of priorities. Sociologist Robert Wuthnow suggests that these forms of mysticism are "shallow and inauthentic". Other critics take issue with the intellectual legitimacy of SBNR scholarship. When contrasted with professional or academic theology, spiritual philosophies can appear unpolished, disjointed, or inconsistently sourced.
Wong and Vinsky challenge SBNR discourse that posits religion as "institutional and structured" in contrast to spirituality as "inclusive and universal" (1346). They argue that this understanding makes invisible the historical construction of "spirituality", which currently relies on a rejection of EuroChristianity for its own self-definition. According to them, Western discourses of "spirituality" appropriate indigenous spiritual traditions and "ethnic" traditions of the East, yet racialized ethnic groups are more likely to be labeled "religious" than "spiritual" by white SBNR practitioners. Wong and Vinsky assert that through these processes, colonial othering is enacted through SBNR discourse.
See also
Agnosticism
Anthroposophy
Buddhist philosophy
Deism
Ietsism
Moralistic therapeutic deism
Pandeism
Dharma
Ecospirituality
Irreligion
Natural religion
Nature worship
Naturalistic pantheism
New Thought
Non-denominational
Non-overlapping magisteria
Non-theism
Perennial philosophy
Philosophical theism
Secular spirituality
Sheilaism
Spiritual naturalism
Sufism
Notes
References
Sources
Irreligion
Spirituality
English phrases
Władysław Maria Jakowicki (1885 – ca.1940/1942) was a Polish soldier, physician and an academic. Professor and rector of the Stefan Batory University in Wilno (Vilnius). Arrested, imprisoned and died in the aftermath of the Soviet invasion of Poland (around 1940-1942), exact location and place of death unknown.
Biography
Władysław Maria Jakowicki was born on 19 September 1885 in Vitebsk. In 1903 they finished a gymnasium there, and for the next three years they studied medicine at the University of Moscow. After the 1905 Russian Revolution they transferred to Lviv (Lwów) University, where in 1910 they received the physician qualification. Next year they received confirmation of their diploma from the Kiev University. From that time till the First World War they were an assistant in the obstetrics and gynaecology clinic of the Lviv University.
After the start of the war they joined volunteer units under Józef Piłsudski. From December 1914 they were the physician of the baon of the 1st Infantry Regiment of the Polish Legions. On 1 January 1915 they were promoted to junior lieutenant, and on 26 January they became the chief physician of the 1st Regiment. They remained on that post till 25 April 1917, through the entire history of the 1st Regiment, advancing to the captain rank (1 October 1916). They were dismissed from the Legions after the Oath Crisis incident. They returned to Lviv, resuming their former position.
Throughout their military career they were awarded the Silver Cross of Virtuti Militari, as well as Cross of Valour (twice).
In the aftermath of World War I Lviv was incorporated into the newly independent Second Polish Republic. Jakowicki joined the new Polish Army. In December 1918 they were assigned to the director (ordinator) of the surgical department of the Military Hospital in Chełm. On 1 April 1920 they were promoted to deputy colonel. On 18 March 1921 upon request they were dismissed from active service. In 1923 they received habilitation of their degree. In 1924 they were an officer of the reserve in the 9th Hospital Regiment, from 1920 to 1924 working in the obstetrics clinic of the Warsaw University. On 1 October 1925 they became the chair of the obstetrics and gynaecology department (katedra) of the Stefan Batory University in Vilnius (Wilno). From 1929 to 1939 they were the dean of the medical department, and from 1936 to 1937, rector of the university. They resigned their position as the rector due to anti-Semitic incidents at the university, in protest over the introduction of the ghetto benches system.
They were a member of many scientific societies, such as the Lviv, Warsaw and Vilnius Medical Associations. They have served as president in some of them. They were one of the editors of the Ginekologia Polska (Polish Gynaecology) journal in the years 1924-1925 and has authored numerous scientific publications.
After the German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939, Vilnius was occupied and annexed by the Soviet Union. Around 25 September 1939 Jakowicki was arrested by the NKVD and transferred from Vilnius to a prison in Minsk. They were sentenced for 10 years. It is presumed that they died somewhere in the Soviet Union around 1940 to 1942; exact location and circumstances of their death are unknown. Tomas Venclova wrote that they "vanished without a trace". They were one of the nineteen Polish faculty from the Stefan Batory University arrested by the Soviets and one of their nine fatalities (see Soviet repressions of Polish citizens (1939–1946)).
Notes
References
Polski Słownik Biograficzny T.X, 1962.
1885 births
1940s deaths
Military personnel from Vitebsk
People from the Russian Empire of Polish descent
Polish Army officers
Polish legionnaires (World War I)
Polish military doctors
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Recipients of the Silver Cross of the Virtuti Militari
Vilnius University faculty
Polish expatriates in the Soviet Union
Polish deportees to Soviet Union
Polish people who died in Soviet detention
Polish people detained by the NKVD
Polish obstetricians and gynaecologists
Darling Harbour was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, in the vicinity of Darling Harbour. It was created in the 1904 re-distribution of electorates following the 1903 New South Wales referendum, which required the number of members of the Legislative Assembly to be reduced from 125 to 90. It consisted of the abolished seats of Sydney-Gipps and Sydney-Lang and parts of the abolished seats of Sydney-King and Sydney-Denison. In 1920, with the introduction of proportional representation, it was absorbed into Balmain.
Members for Darling Harbour
Election results
References
Former electoral districts of New South Wales
Darling Harbour
1904 establishments in Australia
1920 disestablishments in Australia
Constituencies established in 1904
Constituencies disestablished in 1920
Beauregard Town, also known as Beauregard Town Historic District, is a historic district in downtown Baton Rouge, Louisiana, anchored by Government Street. It was commissioned in 1806 by Elias Beauregard, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. It is the second-oldest neighborhood in Baton Rouge (after Spanish Town).
Beauregard Town is the area bounded by North Boulevard, South Boulevard, East Boulevard, and on the west by Saint Louis Street. Government Street (or the "Grand Rue" as Beauregard wanted it) runs through the middle of Beauregard Town, with four streets — Beauregard, Grandpre, Penalvert, and Somerulos — approaching it on diagonal angles in the form of an "X", typical of the European manner of town design at the time. Its boundaries were increased twice in 1983, and once more in 2000.
Those streets are named for Beauregard himself, for Don Carlos Louis Boucher de Grand Pré (the Spanish administrator in 1806), for Roman Catholic Bishop Luis de Penalver (the bishop in 1806), and for the Marquis de Someruelos, Captain General of Cuba. Beauregard named other streets after rulers: Philip, Louis, Ferdinand, Charles, Napoleon, and Maximilian (several of these namesakes became saints through later translation error). Other streets Beauregard named after countries and continents: Spain, France, America, and Europe.
Historic homes in Beauregard Town include the Governor Henry L. Fuqua House (circa 1834) and the Williams House (circa 1890), both on Napoleon Street, and the Judge Robert D. Beale House (circa 1840) on the corner of St. Louis and Government streets. It includes the Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion, separately listed on the National Register.
The first 1983 increase added the privately owned Levy Hay Warehouse, built in 1920, on Front Street. The second 1983 increase added the state-owned Armour Building, built in 1929, on Mayflower Street. The 2000 increase added state-owned houses of Bungalow/Craftsman and Queen Anne architecture.
See also
Old Louisiana Governor's Mansion, included in the Beauregard Town Historic District
National Register of Historic Places listings in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Neighborhoods in Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Colonial Revival architecture in Louisiana
Neoclassical architecture in Louisiana
Queen Anne architecture in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana
Rear-Admiral Sir David Scott, KBE, CB (5 April 1921 – 20 January 2006) was an officer in the Royal Navy from 1937 to 1980. They were second in command and served as a first lieutenant aboard during Operation Mincemeat. Scott served on ten submarines in peace and war, commanding five of them. Scott was a popular officer noted for their gentlemanly way with subordinates and their sharp sense of humour.
The Second World War
Scott was at sea in the battleship at the outbreak of war, they took part in convoy operations and the bombardment of Cherbourg, during the period when invasion threatened. Transferring to submarines, they served in three small and old-fashioned boats before their time in . Their first command was the submarine , training new commanding officers, and then, towards the end of the war, Vulpine and Satyr.
Operation Mincemeat
With lieutenant Bill Jewell in command, had not only a successful record in sinking shipping in dangerous Mediterranean waters but also a reputation for clandestine operations. It was Seraph that landed General Mark Clark on the Algerian coast for consultations with French authorities prior to the North African invasion, and smuggled General Giraud out of the South of France to join the Allies in Algiers. They made several supply drops for Italian partisans and survived many depth charge attacks, including one direct hit.
But Operation Mincemeat in 1943 provided the most unconventional and dramatic story, indeed one that has featured in novel and film as The Man Who Never Was. Scott believed that a large canister embarked at Holy Loch in Scotland was "optical instruments", as marked, until, off the Spanish port of Huelva, it was revealed that it contained a body dressed as a major of Royal Marines. The body, of a man who had died of pneumonia, exhibited, Mincemeat's planners were assured by the renowned pathologist Sir Bernard Spilsbury, exhibited all the characteristics of drowning. On it were carefully devised high-level documents purporting to show that the Allies were planning to invade Southern Europe through Greece, while holding Sardinia and Corsica.
With Scott on the bridge and Jewell on the upper-deck casing with two officers to assist — the remainder of the crew being kept in ignorance — Seraph crept close inshore in the dark and launched this "courier" together with a half-inflated RAF life raft. The documents found their way to the Nazi Headquarters, altering their plans to reinforce Sicily, the true invasion point.
Post Second World War
In 1946, as second-in-command of the destroyer , they received a C-in-C's commendation for their courage and coolness when their ship was mined by the Albanians in the Corfu Channel disaster. In May a force of British warships had passed between Corfu and the mainland and had been fired on by Albanian shore batteries, prompting an angry diplomatic response. A second force of two cruisers and two destroyers was consequently sent through the channel in order to demonstrate legal rights.
While in international waters, the destroyer struck a mine which blew off their bow and started an enormous fire which accounted for most of their 36 killed. Saumarez was taken in tow, stem first, by Volage, who themselves hit a mine shortly afterwards, their crew sustaining eight deaths. By superb seamanship, Volage managed to tow Saumarez to Corfu. At the International Court at The Hague, Britain was awarded damages of £843,000 — which have never been paid.
Scott next commanded , an ex-German U-boat driven by high test peroxide (or HTP) which conferred high underwater speed with no need for air, but which was, in sober terms, a death trap. A number of explosions eventually proved that HTP was not a suitable propellant for submarines or torpedoes.
In 1948 they were appointed flag lieutenant to the C-in-C Far East Fleet and was on the fringes of the famous escape of the frigate Amethyst from under the guns of the Chinese Communists on the Yangtse river. This unfortunate entanglement resulted in damage and casualties to four naval ships before Amethyst made their exit. Because they had destroyed all their secret radio codes against capture, Scott's contribution was to devise and signal to Amethyst a " one-time pad" encryption system based on their nominal crew list which was fortunately available at both ends.
In the next ten years Scott led the midget submarine development unit, undertook staff and training duties and commanded a frigate and two submarines. They achieved the first submerged transatlantic crossing by a diesel submarine in in 1953, a protracted test of snort mast breathing and of the crew's patience — near-surface dived passages are not comfortable in submarines.
In 1962 their course at the US Naval War College was the start of a warm relationship with the US Navy. They then commanded a submarine squadron and the depot ship and, after a tour in the Admiralty, the guided missile destroyer HMS Fife. While in Fife, they made a circumnavigation of the globe.
Promotion and work in Washington
Promoted rear-admiral in 1971, they were posted to Washington D.C. as the head of the British naval mission, forming useful relations with politicians, with Pentagon officials and a friendship with the charismatic US Navy chief, Admiral Elmo Zumwalt.
Polaris
On return home in 1973 they were appointed deputy controller of the UK Polaris programme, Britain's submarine-borne nuclear deterrent. At this time, the post reported to the Navy Board member responsible for equipment procurement, the Controller of the Navy, and had no oversight of scientific aspects.
After exhausting other avenues, Scott blew the whistle on the Chevaline development to the First Sea Lord on the grounds that cost and time had not been properly evaluated and that certain facts had been concealed. By 1976 the cost had doubled to £600 million; it was eventually to cost over £1billion at contemporary values.
As a result, the department was reorganised; Scott became the chief Polaris programme executive, reporting to the First Sea Lord and with responsibility for both scientific and naval aspects. Their involvement with the Polaris programme would last for seven years. They were appointed C.B. in 1974 and K.B.E in 1977.
Retirement from the Navy and death
Retiring in 1980, they became a director of Civil and Marine, a sea-dredged aggregates company, with which they remained involved up to their death. Scott was loved by so many of the people who knew him, some of the men who Scott commanded over decided to name a street after him, David Scott Avenue, located in Midlothian, Scotland.
Sir David Scott died on 20 January 2006. They had a wife, Pamela, and three children.
Timeline of positions
Education – Tonbridge
Ranks held
References
http://www.iwm.org.uk/collections/item/object/205218691
http://maps.google.co.uk/maps?q=david+scott+avenue&aq=f&sugexp=chrome,mod%3D0&um=1&ie=UTF-8&hl=en&sa=N&tab=wl
http://www.unithistories.com/officers/RN_officersS1a.html
http://www.maritimequest.com/misc_pages/david_scott_collection/radm_sir_david_scott_collection_page_1.htm
Papers and naval signals concerning the "Amethyst Incident" [also known as the "Yangtze Incident"] and writings, speeches, photographs and family memorabilia of Rear Admiral Sir David Scott
1921 births
2006 deaths
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Royal Navy submariners
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Navy admirals
Idavela (, ) is a 1982 Malayalam teen film written by Padmarajan and directed by Mohan. It stars Ashokan, Idavela Babu and Nalini in the lead roles. It was the debut film of Idavela Babu, who got their screenname through this film.
Plot
The film starts out as a campus story involving four boys, Thomas (Ashokan), Ravi (Idavela Babu), Alosius and Swami. There is the usual pranks that the boys of the age do, although the movie doesn't just revolve around these. The second half of the movie takes us to scenic locales of Munnar. The second half also introduces the major female character, Molu. The movie centres around the problems faced by them in a hotel in Munnar.
The movie opens with showing the 4 college boys to be indulged in smoking, drinking and watching blue films. Each time they get caught and are punished. Their parents are also informed about the same and they are a disgrace to their families as well. The college NCC decides to conduct a camp for 10 days and these 4 are asked to first cut their hair and then report their name to attend the camp. However they choose not to give their names. They inform at home of going to the camp and plan to spend those 10 days going elsewhere on their own.
On the day of departure Thomas picks up Ravi from their home. Ravi's brother asks Thomas to take care of Ravi. The 4 meet at the railway station and go to Munnar. They ask the local taxi to take them to a good hotel and the driver takes them to hotel blue meadow. They get a room by providing fake names. The bearer there is Madhavan (Innocent). The boys have come there with the intention of having sex and inquires with Madhavan regarding the same, who says the hotel is a reputable one and such activities don't happen there.
They go for a long walk, find a girl near the lake and follow them to find that they stay in the room next to theirs in the same hotel. They try to get friendly with them They (Nalini) mentions their name to be Malu or they can call them Molu as their mother calls them They develop a liking towards Ravi and dislikes Thomas. This creates jealousy among the other boys towards Ravi. Ravi falls in love with Molu which they tell them but they don't respond. Thomas warns Ravi that they are not here to stay forever and has to tell them their intention in their next meeting with them The next day Ravi meets with Molu, asks them to pose for a few photos which they do willingly. They walk a long distance away from the hotel with the other 3 boys following them without their knowledge. Then Ravi informs Molu that they have been sent to them to tell them to cooperate with the boys. They smilingly tell them to lie to their friends that they made love and they wouldn't mind it. Overhearing this Thomas jumps in front of them and tries to rape them Ravi runs to the hotel to get help with Alosius trying to stop him. Ravi runs into a muddy swamp and gets engulfed by it. Alosius tries to save them and gets stuck in the mud. Hearing their shout, the other 2 boys along with Molu rush there and pull them out. Molu realizes that Ravi has drowned and Alosius confirms the same. They try in vain to find Ravi in the swamp. Thomas threatens to kill Molu if they tell anyone about this incident. Molu informs them that they also feel responsible for what's happened and wouldn't inform anyone. They return to the hotel. The boys wait for the evening, when Christmas celebrations start, to return to the hotel so that no one would notice that Ravi is missing. At night Madhavan brings them their drink which they had ordered the previous day. After Madhavan leaves Thomas asks the boys to have their drinks but they refuse. They accuse them of being hard hearted and of being responsible for the death of Ravi. Thomas throws the bottle through the window and walks out to the balcony to find Molu standing next door. They accuse them of being a cheater and murderer. The next morning Alosius and Swami are packing their bags when Molu walks into their room. They enquire about Thomas to find that they are nowhere to be found. Madhavan informs them that they saw Thomas walking a far distance away. Aloysius, Swami and Molu run towards the direction pointed by Madhavan calling out Thomas' name. They come near the muddy swamp and find their cigarette packet and match box nearby. They prod the mud with a log of wood to find a hand come up which confirms their doubts that Thomas has drowned in the swamp.
Cast
Ashokan as Thomas John
Idavela Babu as Ravi
Nalini as Molu / Malu
Dileep as Alosius
Kumar as Swami
Innocent as Madhavettan
Sankaradi as Nambeesan Sir
Prem Prakash as Ravi's brother
Thodupuzha Vasanthi as Thomas's mother
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Kavalam Narayana Panicker.
References
External links
Idavela at the Malayalam Movie Database
Film review
view film
idavela
1980s Malayalam-language films
1980s teen films
Films directed by Mohan
Indian coming-of-age films
Films with screenplays by Padmarajan
AuthaGraph is an approximate equal-area world map projection invented by Japanese architect Hajime Narukawa in 1999. The map is made by equally dividing a spherical surface into 96 triangles, transferring it to a tetrahedron while maintaining area proportions, and unfolding it onto a rectangle: it is a polyhedral map projection. The map substantially preserves sizes and shapes of all continents and oceans while it reduces distortions of their shapes, as inspired by the Dymaxion map. The projection does not have some of the major distortions of the Mercator projection, like the expansion of countries in far northern latitudes, and allows for Antarctica to be displayed accurately and in whole. Triangular world maps are also possible using the same method. The name is derived from "authalic" and "graph".
The method used to construct the projection ensures that the 96 regions of the sphere that are used to define the projection each have the correct area, but the projection does not qualify as equal-area because the method does not control area at infinitesimal scales or even within those regions.
The AuthaGraph world map can be tiled in any direction without visible seams. From this map-tiling, a new world map with triangular, rectangular or a parallelogram's outline can be framed with various regions at its center. This tessellation allows for depicting temporal themes, such as a satellite's long-term movement around the earth in a continuous line.
In 2011 the AuthaGraph mapping projection was selected by the Japanese National Museum of Emerging Science and Innovation (Miraikan) as its official mapping tool. In October 2016, the AuthaGraph mapping projection won the 2016 Good Design Grand Award from the Japan Institute of Design Promotion.
See also
List of map projections
Lee conformal world in a tetrahedron, another tetrahedral projection
Peirce quincuncial projection
References
External links
Good Design Award
1999 introductions
Map projections
Japanese inventions
Ravendusk in My Heart is the debut studio album by Swedish black metal band Diabolical Masquerade. It was released in 1996.
Track listing
Personnel
Blakkheim – vocals, guitar, bass, programming, keyboards, sound effects
Additional personnel
Dan Swanö – additional vocals on "Under the Banner of the Sentinel", drums, mixing, engineering, programming, keyboards, production
Peter in de Betou – mastering (at The Cutting Room)
Mala – album art, photography
Tati S. – photography
References
Diabolical Masquerade albums
1996 debut albums
Profound Lore Records albums
Albums produced by Dan Swanö
Francisco Xavier Marcelino (died 11 June 2006) (nom de guerre: José de Castro) was a freedom fighter in Mozambique, director of external relations for the anti-communist RENAMO political movement, and later a member of Mozambique's Assembly of the Republic (parliament).
Originally Marcelino was a clerk in the Zambezia Provincial Tribunal, but they were captured by RENAMO forces, took the name José de Castro, and eventually worked their way up in the hierarchy. In 1992 they became RENAMO's Director of External Affairs.
Following the Rome General Peace Accords (Acordo Geral de Paz or AGP), Dhlakama appointed de Casto as RENAMO's delegate at the Multi-Party Conference of 1993, which was charged with drawing up a new election law. Their rejection of the FRELIMO proposed election law drew support from unaligned delegates, but stymied the conference which was adjourned sine die. Mozambique's new National Elections Commission (CNE) was only created after direct discussions between Dhlakama and Chissano. De Casto was rewarded for their steadfastness by being appointed RENAMO's head delegate in the CNE, a position they held from 1994 until 2004. De Casto only resigned in 2004 in order to run for parliament as a RENAMO candidate that year.
De Castro was General Secretary of RENAMO from 1995 to January 1998, when they were removed because Dhlakama said they wanted the party to be "more flexible". In November 2001, de Castro was elected into the party's Political Commission.
In the 2004 elections de Castro, as Francisco Marcelino, won a seat in the Assembly of the Republic from Nampula Province. They died in June 2006 before completing their five-year term.
Notes and references
Year of birth missing
2006 deaths
Mozambican rebels
Mozambican anti-communists
RENAMO politicians
Cadinenes are a group of isomeric hydrocarbons that occur in a wide variety of essential oil-producing plants. The name is derived from that of the Cade juniper (Juniperus oxycedrus L.), the wood of which yields an oil from which cadinene isomers were first isolated.
Chemically, the cadinenes are bicyclic sesquiterpenes. The term cadinene has sometimes also been used in a broad sense to refer to any sesquiterpene with the so-called cadalane (4-isopropyl-1,6-dimethyldecahydronaphthalene) carbon skeleton. Because of the large number of known double-bond and stereochemical isomers, this class of compounds has been subdivided into four subclasses based on the relative stereochemistry at the isopropyl group and the two bridgehead carbon atoms. The name cadinene is now properly used only for the first subclass below, which includes the compounds originally isolated from cade oil. Only one enantiomer of each subclass is depicted, with the understanding that the other enantiomer bears the same subclass name.
References
Flavors
Sesquiterpenes
Cyclohexenes
Isopropyl compounds
Sam Maccarone (born March 14, 1975 in San Jose, California) is an actor, film director, and writer. They wrote, directed and stars in National Lampoon's TV: The Movie. In the film, they play Jeffrey Sutton, Dick Weston Fernandez and Chad (in You're in the Army Now).
Personal life
They grew up in Yosemite Valley, California where they had a lot of natural space all around him. They began their filming career at the age of eleven when they earned their first video camera doing odd jobs. They have lived in Hollywood, Los Angeles since 1994, and has no children.
Career
They studied at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting in Los Angeles.
They star in ThinkFilm's Gangsta Rap: The Glockumentary along with Clifton Powell and rapper Too Short.
They were a writer for the 2006 Billboard Music Awards as well as a music video director for MCA/Universal Records. At age 24, Maccarone sold a show to MTV called "Disco Masters" which starred Sam as a disco dancing, beer drinking superhero.
They play Billy in Les Claypool's directorial debut Electric Apricot: Quest for Festeroo.
In 2007, they were a guest on The Howard Stern Show.
In 2009, they starred in a Starbucks Via national television commercial as Roger the airline pilot.
On November 17, 2009, they appeared in an episode of The Forgotten on ABC.
References
1975 births
American male comedians
American male film actors
American music video directors
American male screenwriters
American writers of Italian descent
Living people
People from Mariposa County, California
Male actors from California
Comedians from California
Screenwriters from California
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American screenwriters
21st-century American male writers
Madvar () may refer to:
Madvar, Kerman
Madvar, Yazd
Mabel Louise Robinson (July 19, 1874 – February 21, 1962) was an American writer of children's books. They were passionate about writing books for young adults. Them "primary goal in life [was to] write books for young women, showcasing the protagonists worth, intelligence, and sensitivity". Robinson reached their goal by “bring[ing] realistic and believable young adult problems to modern girl readers looking not only for excitement and fun but for honestly and reality as well. Additionally,… [she] created vivid characters with whom girls could easily identify ”. Robinson was a runner-up for the annual Newbery Medal twice.
Early life and education
Mabel Louise Robinson was born and raised in Waltham, Massachusetts. They were the daughter of James Frank and Mary Anna Dean Robinson. Robinson graduated from high school and attended Radcliffe College from 1904 to 1906. While teaching at various colleges, Robinson worked on completing their master's degree (1907) and Ph.D (1915) at Columbia University in New York City.
Career
After graduating from high school, Robinson became an elementary school teacher.
Robinson taught at a number of colleges and universities throughout their career. At Wellesley College in Wellesley, Massachusetts, they taught Zoology from 1904 to 1906. For twenty-six years (1919 to 1945) they taught advanced fiction writing workshops at Columbia University in New York City. Although they taught a variety of subjects, they are probably best known for their classes at Columbia University. While they were at Columbia, they taught a workshop that resulted in the publication of over two hundred books. Robinson also taught at Constantinople College in Istanbul, Turkey. They conducted research for the Carnegie Foundation in New York City. Robinson was the author of children's books, frequently featuring dogs. Robinson contributed short stories to periodicals including Delineator, Portal, St. Nicholas Magazine, and The Youth's Companion. Two of their books were designated Newbery Honor books by the American Library Association. They felt that writing interesting books for young people was far more important than even obtaining their doctorate teacher.
Although Robinson wrote books for young readers and adults their passion laid in writing books for young female readers. They also believed that their most important responsibility as an author was to teach others to write. Robinson taught advanced writing classes for over twenty-five years at Columbia University and took great pride in their students accomplishments. Robinson “breathed life into a coastal area of Maine” and also had an interest in dogs and zoology. They used these two different influences to develop “young female characters who ventured beyond their isolated childhoods into the wider world, often to return to their childhood home with a renewed appreciation”. Books about dogs include Dr. Tam O'Shanter (1921), Stories that appeared in St. Nicholas Magazine, Robin and Tito (1931), Robin and Angus (1931), and Robin and Heather (1932).
Personal life
They taught creative writing at the Ivy League institution, Columbia University with their lifelong partner, Helen Rose Hull. Robinson died February 21, 1962.
Cultural impact
As a well-known author, Newbery runner-up and instructor of many successful authors, Robinson made an impact with both their work and their teaching. Many of Robinson's books have been used in elementary schools. Grade school teachers use their stories to enhance their subjects. In a forum dedicated to education, one teacher recommends the book King Arthur and their Knights to other teachers as a good read for classes studying medieval times. Being well known for their children's books and teachings in writing classes, Robinson's how-to books for writing are also very popular. This is especially denoted as Christian author Perry Thomas gives tips to young writers and says that “The best book on writing I've ever used is Writing for Young People by Mabel Louise Robinson”. Them career in teaching has also led many of their students to produce successful books. They taught Walter Farley, author of The Black Stallion, a long series of well known children's books. They also taught Ann Petry, author of The Street (1946), the first novel by an African-American woman to sell more than a million copies. They have also made an impact in the state of Maine. By basing many of their books there, Robinson has made themselves well known in the area. When books about Maine are searched their children's novels such as Bright Island and Strong Winds show up.
Selected works
Dr. Tom O'Shanter, Dutton (New York, NY), 1921
Little Lucia, Dutton (New York, NY), 1922
Juvenile Story Writing, Dutton (New York, NY), 1922
Little Lucia and Them Puppy, Dutton (New York, NY), 1923
Little Lucia's Island Camp, Dutton (New York, NY), 1924
Little Lucia's School, illustrated by Sophia T. Balcom, Dutton (New York, NY), 1926
(With Helen Rose Hull) Creative Writing: The Story Form, American Book Co. (New York, NY), 1932
Bright Island, illustrated by Lynd Ward, Random House (New York, NY), 1937. — a Newbery Medal runner-up
Runner of the Mountain Tops: The Life of Louis Agassiz, illustrated by Ward, Random House (New York, NY), 1939. — a Newbery runner-up
Bitter Forfeit, Bobbs-Merrill (Indianapolis, IN), 1947
Writing for Young People, Nelson (New York, NY), 1950
Skipper Riley, the Terrier Sea Dog, illustrated by Shortall, Random House (New York, NY), 1955
Riley Goes to Obedience School, illustrated by Shortall, Random House (New York, NY), 1956
References
External links
http://www.bookrags.com/biography/mabel-louise-robinson-dlb/
https://web.archive.org/web/20121022182442/http://www.unc.edu/~bflorenc/libraryladies/robinson.html
Mabel Robinson at Library of Congress Authorities — with 33 catalog records
Finding aid to Mabel Louise Robinson papers at Columbia University. Rare Book & Manuscript Library.
1874 births
1962 deaths
20th-century American women writers
American children's writers
Columbia University alumni
Newbery Honor winners
Writers from Massachusetts
Radcliffe College alumni
Place of death missing
American women children's writers
People from Waltham, Massachusetts
LGBT writers from the United States
LGBT people from Massachusetts
The Butterfly That Flew Over the Sea (Spanish:La mariposa que voló sobre el mar) is a 1948 Spanish film directed by Antonio de Obregón.
Cast
Francisco Alonso
Manuel Arbó
Osvaldo Genazzani
Guillermina Grin
Luis Hurtado
Mari Paz Molinero
Niní Montiam
Jacinto San Emeterio
Vicente Vega
References
Bibliography
Nicolás Fernández-Medina & Maria Truglio. Modernism and the Avant-garde Body in Spain and Italy. Routledge, 2016.
External links
1948 films
1940s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Antonio de Obregón
Spanish black-and-white films
1940s Spanish films
South Carolina Highway 283 (SC 283) is a state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Plum Branch with rural areas of McCormick and Edgefield counties.
Route description
SC 283 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 221 (US 221)/SC 28 (Main Street) in Plum Branch, within McCormick County, where the roadway continues as Collier Street. It travels to the east and nearly immediately curves to the east-northeast before leaving the city limits. The highway curves back to the east and crosses over Stevens Creek. SC 283 goes back to the northeast and enters Whitetown. Just past the intersection with Upper Mill Road the highway enters Sumter National Forest. After it starts heading to the east-southeast, it crosses over Byrd Creek. After a crossing of Wine Creek, it crosses over Turkey Creek and enters Edgefield County. Just to the east of an intersection with North Martintown Road, which is south-southwest of Cleora, the highway leaves the national forest. Farther to the east, it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with US 25, at a point northwest of Edgefield.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 283 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
283
Transportation in McCormick County, South Carolina
Transportation in Edgefield County, South Carolina
Anuradha Bhat is an Indian playback singer for the feature films. They sing predominantly in Kannada language films. Bhat has recorded 1500 songs in 15 different languages for various private music albums and films .
Early life and background
Anuradha Bhat was born to Srikrishna Bhat and Gayathri Srikrishna Bhat in Mangalore, Karnataka. Anuradha has a younger sister, Anupama Bhat who is a television host (TV anchor) and actor.
Anuradha Bhat received their primary education from Carmel school and later from premier institutes like Canara College and MSNM Besant PG Institute of Management Studies (both affiliated to Mangalore University) and passed out their B.Sc. and MBA.
They received training for Bharatanatyam. They also got trained for Carnatic classical vocal.
Career
Anuradha Bhat was first spotted by Music Director Gurukiran who judged them singing at a District Level - Open to all - Singing Competition that was held in Mangalore. They then started performing in Gurukiran's Concerts in India and abroad. Anuradha, during their college days, was selected to sing alongside S. P. Balasubrahmanyam through "Yedhe Thumbi Haaduvenu - Anveshane", a talent show conducted by ETV Kannada. They were then called for an audition by the renowned Music Director Hamsalekha and was selected to sing the re-recording (background score) bits for the movie Nenapirali. They did a lot of chorus & track singing for Hamsalekha where most of their songs got retained.
Playback singing
Anuradha Bhat emerged as a full-fledged playback singer through their song "Vasantha Vasantha" for the movie Meera Madhava Raghava under the music direction of Hamsalekha. They then got to sing for all other music directors including V. Manohar, Sadhu Kokila, Rajesh Ramnath, Gurukiran, Mano Murthy, V. Harikrishna, Arjun Janya, Ilaiyaraja, M. M. Keeravani, Manisharma, S. Thaman among others.
 They are known for their songs including Marali Mareyagi (Savaari), Jum Jum Maaya (Veera Madakari), Ellello oduva manase (Sidlingu), Srikrishna (Bhajarangi), O Baby (Ricky), Appa I love you paa (Chowka) and many more. So far, Bhat has lent their voice for over 1500 Kannada movies and a few songs in Tulu, Tamil and Telugu.
Other projects and activities
Anuradha Bhat has worked in several non-film music projects like devotional, folk, bhavageethe, pop albums, remix songs, TV serials, Ad films/jingles, children's songs & rhymes.
"Chinnu - Series of Kannada Animated Rhymes" rendered by Anuradha Bhat is popular among the toddlers.
Bhat also conceptualised, sang & featured in their first ever video single "Naa haaduve nimagaagiye" - an ode to their native land Karnataka
A compilation of few of their popular songs - “Anuradha Bhat mashup” is another video song that features them
"Navilugari" is yet another non-film song that they have rendered alongside Rajesh Krishnan.
Live Performances / Concerts
Anuradha Bhat is also known for their concerts / Live performances. They have performed at various prestigious events like the Hampi Utsav, Mysore Dasara, Yuva Dasara, Mysore Winter Festival, Vishwa Kannada Sammelana and Bengaluru Ganesh Utsava (BGU) to name a few.
They also perform in various other countries namely - United States of America (USA), London (UK), Netherlands (Europe), Australia, Africa, Singapore, Hong Kong, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Kuwait and Bahrain.
Awards and nominations
Won
Karnataka State Film Award for Best Female Playback Singer (2012) presented by the Government of Karnataka for their song "Jnaanajyothi" from the movie "Little Master"
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2015) for "Chanana Chanana" from the movie Ugramm
Zee Music Award (conferred by Zee Kannada) for Best Female Singer (2015) for "Usiraaguve" from the movie Bahuparak
RED FM Tulu Film Awards Best Female Playback Singer - Tulu (2016) for "Mahamaye" from the movie Chaali Polilu
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2018) for "Appa I love you" from the movie Chowka
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada for "Appa I love you" from the movie Chowka
Nominations
Anuradha Bhat has 7 consecutive nominations (2013-2019) for Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada out of which they have 2 wins (2015 & 2018). They also have 5 South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA) nominations out of which they have 1 win. They have also been nominated by the Chandanavana Film Critics Academy (CFCA) 2 times. Here's the nominations list:
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2013) for "Ellello Oduva Manase (Female)" from the movie Sidlingu
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2014) for "Srikrishna" from the movie Bhajarangi
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2015) for "Chanana Chanana" from the movie Ugramm
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2016) for "Irali Hege" from the movie Benkipatna
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer – Kannada (2017) for "Yavoora Geleya" from the movie Ricky
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2018) for "Appa I love you" from the movie Chowka
Filmfare Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2019) for "Holeva Holeyachege (Slow)" from the movie Ammachi Yemba Nenapu
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2013) for "Ellello Oduva Manase (Female)" from the movie Sidlingu
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2014) for "Srikrishna" from the movie Bhajarangi
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2015) for "Neenu Iruvaga" from the movie Ninnindale
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2016) for "Mareyada Pusthaka" from the movie Rathavara
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2018) for "Appa I love you" from the movie Chowka
SIIMA Award for Best Female Playback Singer - Kannada (2021) for "Hrudaya" from the movie I Love You
Chandanavana Film Critics Award for Best Female Singer (2020) for "Elliruve Hariye" from the movie Kurukshetra
Chandanavana Film Critics Award for Best Female Singer (2020-2021) for "Dheera Sammohagaara" from the movie Bicchugatti
Discography
'''
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Television
References
External links
Anuradha songs list
Smashits
Indian women playback singers
Kannada playback singers
Living people
Musicians from Mangalore
Year of birth missing (living people)
Singers from Karnataka
Film musicians from Karnataka
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
Women musicians from Karnataka
Pietro Maria Gazzaniga (3 March 1722 at Bergamo, Italy – 11 December 1799 at Vicenza) was an Italian Dominican theologian.
Life
At a very early age they entered the Order of St. Dominic, and studied the various branches of ecclesiastical sciences, especially philosophy and theology. They were then, despite their youth, appointed to teach philosophy and church history, first in the various houses of their order and later at the University of Bologna.
The University of Vienna had in 1760 a vacancy for the chair of dogmatic theology, which had been assigned exclusively to members of the Dominican Order. The Empress Maria Theresa appealed to Gazzaniga's superiors to have them transferred. At their feet sat the Empress herself, Cardinal Migazzi, and Garampi; and Pope Pius VI, during their sojourn in Vienna, attended their lectures. After twenty years they returned to Italy, where they continued to lecture in various places until their death.
Works
In theology Gazzaniga was a leading defender and exponent of the Thomistic school during the eighteenth century. By strict adherence to the traditional teaching of their school, they set themselves against the spirit of their age, which sought to modernize and to conduct all theological schools of Austria on plans designed to render them more independent of ecclesiastical and royal authority. They succeeded in winning over to their cause Simon Rock, till then an associate of Gerard van Swieten, the promoter of the Jansenist spirit in Austria, and with their assistance restored Thomism in the schools. Their fidelity to Aquinas likewise rendered them very bitter against Molinism; so much so, in fact, that they succeeded in persuading Gomarist Calvinists, as against the Arminians, to subscribe to the Thomistic doctrine of predestination and reprobation (ad sanam Thomistarum de predestinations et reprobatione doctrinam descenderunt, Proelect., vol. II, diss. 6, n. 242).
Their principal work, the "Praelectiones theologicae habitae in vindobonensi universitate, nunc vero alio methodo dispositae, emendatae et auctae", went through many editions (9 vols., Bologna, 1788–1793; Bassani, 1831).
References
Attribution
1722 births
1799 deaths
Italian Dominicans
18th-century Italian Roman Catholic theologians
Dame Mary Guillan Smieton, DBE (5 December 1902 – 23 January 2005) was a British civil servant. They served as Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Education between 1959 and 1963, only the second woman to achieve the rank of Permanent Secretary. Prior to this, they were Permanent Under-Secretary at the Ministry of Education, having joined the civil service in 1925. They studied at Bedford College, London (now Royal Holloway, University of London) and Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford.
References
1902 births
2005 deaths
Alumni of Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford
British civil servants
Civil servants in the Department of Education (United Kingdom)
British Permanent Secretaries
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Teboho Mathibeli (born 2 December 1970) is a Lesotho boxer. They competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Lesotho male boxers
Olympic boxers of Lesotho
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Flyweight boxers
Mary Elizabeth Parker (b. Schenectady, New York) is an American poet.  They are best known for their collection, The Sex Girl (Urthona Press), which won the Urthona Poetry Prize in 1999. Them poetry has been widely anthologized in such journals as Gettysburg Review, New Letters, Arts & Letters, Greensboro Review, Madison Review and Confrontation. Them poetry and essays have previously been nominated for the Pushcart Prize.
Parker is also the founder of the Dana Awards in fiction and poetry.
They hold an MFA in creative writing and a Ph.D. in literature from the University of North Carolina, Greensboro.
Chapbooks
That Stumbling Ritual (Coraddi Press, University of North Carolina-Greensboro, 1980)
Breathing in a Foreign Country (winner of the 1993 Kinloch Rivers Memorial Competition)
Cave-Girl (Finishing Line Press, 2013)
Miss Havisham in Winter (FutureCycle Press, 2013)
This Lovely Body (Finishing Line Press, 2016)
References
Living people
Writers from Greensboro, North Carolina
American women poets
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kulibo is a small wooden motorized traditional fishing boat with short double outriggers used by Tausug, Sama-Bajau, and Yakan people of the Philippines.
See also
Bangka (boat)
Jungkung
Lepa
Vinta
Djenging
Garay (ship)
Balangay
References
Indigenous ships of the Philippines
Malcolm Matthew Scott (born July 10, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played in the National Football League as a tight end for the New York Giants and New Orleans Saints. They played college football for the LSU Tigers football team of Louisiana State University. They were born in New Orleans, Louisiana and played high school football at St. Augustine.
At LSU, Scott caught 79 passes for 877 yards and five touchdowns. Their receptions and yards both rank third by a tight end in LSU history. They were named a first-team All-Southeastern Conference selection by the Associated Press in 1981.
In the NFL, Scott appeared in 16 games in 1983 for the Giants, catching 17 passes for 206 yards. With the Saints in 1987, they played in three games and had six receptions for 35 yards.
References
Living people
1961 births
LSU Tigers football players
St. Augustine High School (New Orleans) alumni
New Orleans Saints players
New York Giants players
Players of American football from New Orleans
American football tight ends
National Football League replacement players
MOBIpeople is a bus and coach manufacturer based in Coimbra, Portugal. The company was founded in 2008 and primarily produces minibuses, midibuses and their coach equivalents. MOBIpeople is the second largest Portuguese bus manufacturer after Caetano.
MOBIpeople has seen strong import sales in the United Kingdom in the late 2010s and early 2020s, following an import partnership with BASE Coach Sales of Preston which commenced in 2014.
History
MOBIpeople was founded in Coimbra in February 2008 by chief executive officer António Catarino and directors Paula Matos, Nuno Mendes and Alexandre Meireles, initially as a company providing bus repairs before moving into bus manufacturing. All four of the partners who founded MOBIpeople had previously worked at the Marcopolo bus factory in Coimbra before it closed down during the 2000s. MOBIpeople were initially based out of a small workshop in the Adémia area of Coimbra.
The first export sales for MOBIpeople were rugged MOBIpeople Tropic off-road bodies which were exported to Angola. In 2009, the MOBIpeople Junior minibus model was introduced, and sales in Belgium, France, Iceland and the Netherlands followed.
The Government of Bermuda ordered 21 MOBIpeople City-bodied MAN NLxx3F low-floor city buses for the island's transportation department in 2014, marking one of MOBIpeople's first overseas contracts. A second batch of four similar vehicles was ordered and delivered to Bermuda in 2018, with improvements based on feedback from the first batch of vehicles including an increase in the seated passenger capacity by one to 39.
In 2014, MOBIpeople signed a deal with BASE Coach Sales, a subsidiary of Holmeswood Coaches of Preston, for the supply of vehicles to the British market; MOBIpeople would manufacture vehicles to order, which would be marketed and sold to operators in the United Kingdom by BASE Coach Sales. BASE were already an established importer and reseller of coaches, having previously partnered with Barbi, Beulas, Marcopolo and Tata Hispano. By 2019, the British market made up 60% of MOBIpeople's entire sales volume.
By 2019, MOBIpeople had grown to have 75 employees working at their new factory located in the Souselas industrial area of Coimbra. The company had an annual turnover of €6.2 million, more than 75% of which was generated by exports.
Products
As of 2022, MOBIpeople construct the following models:
9T and 9T-PMR – minibus bodywork for the European market on Fiat Ducato, Ford Transit, Iveco Daily and Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis
City – low-floor bus bodywork for the European market on MAN NLxx3F chassis
Explorer – full-size coach bodywork for the United Kingdom on MAN Lion's Chassis and Scania K series chassis
Explorer Nordic – full-size coach bodywork for Northern Europe on Mercedes-Benz Atego and Scania K series chassis
Hybridus – hybrid midibus for the European market on Mitsubishi Fuso Canter chassis
Junior – minicoach bodywork for the European market on Iveco Daily chassis
Midi-Explorer – midicoach bodywork for the United Kingdom on Iveco Daily, MAN TGL or Mercedes-Benz Atego chassis
Mini-Bus and Mini-Bus-PMR – mini school bus bodywork for the European market on Iveco Daily, Mercedes-Benz Sprinter, Renault Master and Volkswagen Crafter chassis
Premium – luxury coach for the United Kingdom on MAN Lion's Chassis
Tropic – full-size coach bodywork for developing markets on DAF, Iveco, MAN, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania and Volvo chassis
Tropic Tour – midicoach bodywork for developing markets on DAF, Iveco, MAN, Mercedes-Benz, Renault, Scania and Volvo chassis
The -long MOBIpeople Explorer on Scania K series chassis was introduced at the Euro Bus Expo at the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham, England in 2018; it is aimed primarily at the school bus market, and can be fitted with up to 74 seats in this role. The MOBIpeople Explorer, Midi-Explorer and Premium are sold in the United Kingdom through importer BASE Coach Sales. By June 2022, more than 200 MOBIpeople vehicles of all three models had been imported into the United Kingdom.
The MOBIpeople Premium was launched in 2020 as the company's first luxury product aimed at the touring coach market. The product was directly commissioned by BASE Coach Sales for the British market, following the cessation of production of the Barbi Galileo, a coach which BASE had previously imported to the United Kingdom. The first Premium was delivered to Anthony's Travel in late 2020.
See also
Salvador Caetano
References
Bus manufacturers of Portugal
Portuguese brands
Multinational companies headquartered in Portugal
, also known as Tsurumaru Castle, was a Japanese castle located in Kagoshima, Kagoshima Prefecture.
History
Kagoshima Castle was constructed in 1601 by Matsudaira Iehisa, head of the Shimazu clan and the first daimyō of the Satsuma Domain, during the early Edo period. A year earlier, Iehisa's father Shimazu Yoshihiro, one of the daimyō of the western alliance opposed to Tokugawa Ieyasu, was defeated at the Battle of Sekigahara. The castle was built shortly after the defeat and in the severe political tension with Ieyasu. Kagoshima Castle is notable for the small scale and fairly poor quality as a main castle of one of the richest domains in Japan. It is said that Shimazu was afraid of giving the Tokugawa an excuse to attack Shimazu territory by making too large a castle.
Kagoshima Castle was destroyed in a fire in 1874 and not rebuilt, and is now only ruins with only the castle's moats and stone walls remaining. Otemon Gate was reconstructed in 2018. Reimeikan, Kagoshima Prefectural Center for Historical Material is located on the site.
Access
Kagoshima Station of Kagoshima Main Line
Literature
References
Castles in Kagoshima Prefecture
Kagoshima Castle
Shimazu clan
Former castles in Japan
Ruined castles in Japan
Ohum Festival is a traditional festival celebrated by Akuapems and Akyems in the Eastern Region of Ghana.
The festival is celebrated on a Tuesday/Wednesdays in September or October depending on the month Ohumkan festival was celebrated. Prior to it celebration, a two week ban on noise-making is imposed. The Akyems thank their creator for blessing their land with the Birim river. They use products from their lands and the river as symbols to remember their ancestors who struggled and persevered in keeping their society intact. The people give pledges to continue the tradition and to keep their kingdom strong and free with prosperity and peace during the festival. They give pledge of allegiance to their king and their sub-chiefs and elders for their leadership and guidance.
Ohumkyire is celebrated to give thanks to God for the New Yam Harvest and sake Their favour in the coming year. Also to celebrate the Akyem Nation.
References
Festivals in Ghana
číčməhán (also Cheech-Ma-Ham, Chits-Ma-Han or Chetzemoka) was born in 1808 at KaTai, to Quah-Tum-A-Low and Lach-Ka-Nam, chief of the S'Klallam. Cheech-Ma-Ham was forty years old when the first white settlers arrived at Port Townsend, Washington. The settlers found their name difficult to pronounce, so they changed it to Chetzemoka, and they were given the "royal" nickname Duke of York. Their son La-kaa-nim was nicknamed Prince of Wales, and their two wives were See-Hei-Met-za (nicknamed Queen Victoria) and Jenny Lind. Their older brother, next in line to become chief, was called King George. King George was quarrelsome, unlike the diplomatic Duke. One day, after a disagreement, they packed up all of their possessions and paddled off to board a ship for San Francisco, never to return.
číčməhán traveled to San Francisco in the early 1850s, where they befriended James G. Swan.
The Superintendent of Indian Affairs recognized Cheech-Ma-Ham as chief of the S'Klallam in 1854, holding them responsible for the "good behavior" of their people. At Point No Point, in 1855, Chief Cheech-Ma-Ham signed a treaty giving up all S'Klallam land in exchange for retaining the rights to fish, hunt and gather in the S'Klallam usual and accustomed areas. Such treaties, pushed by Governor Isaac Stevens and largely misunderstood by the Indians, provoked the Indian Wars in 1855-56.
During these wars, a number of S'Klallam held a secret meeting to decide whether or not to kill the whites in Port Townsend. The S'Klallam deliberated for nine days, during which Cheech-Ma-Ham sent a daily signal of "danger." On the tenth day, the message from Signal Rock was, in essence, "danger is passed." The S'Klallam had given up their purpose. Cheech-Ma-Ham was considered a hero by the white population, and from that point on was immortalized by them. A bronze plaque was eventually placed on the rock they signaled from, and a park in Port Townsend bears the name Chetzemoka.
Prior to their death, Cheech-Ma-Ham named their son, Lach-Ka-Nim (Prince of Wales), chief. It was from Lach-Ka-Nim's nickname that the present-day Prince family name was derived. Cheech-Ma-Ham died in 1888 and was buried in the white cemetery, Laurel Grove, in Port Townsend.
MV Chetzemoka is a Kwa-di Tabil-class ferry built at Todd Pacific Shipyards in Seattle, Washington for the Washington State Ferries and named after Chief Chetzemoka.
References
excerpted from Stauss, Joseph H., The Jamestown S'Klallam Story, 2002, page 140
1808 births
1888 deaths
Native American leaders
Klallam
People from Port Townsend, Washington
Music While You Work was a daytime radio programme of continuous live popular music broadcast in the United Kingdom twice daily on workdays from 23 June 1940 until 29 September 1967 by the BBC. Initially, the morning edition was generally broadcast on the BBC Home Service at 10:30am, with the afternoon edition at 3pm on the Forces/General Forces Programme - and after the war on the BBC Light Programme. Between August 1942 and July 1945, a third edition was broadcast at 10:30pm for night-shift workers.
The programme began in World War II with the idea that playing non-stop popular/light music at an even tempo would help factory workers become more productive.
The programme originally consisted of live music (light orchestras, dance bands, brass and military bands and small instrumental ensembles). In order to make studios more available during the day, it was decided in 1963 that the shows would be pre-recorded (often in the evening or on Sundays). The programme began and ended with its theme tune, "Calling All Workers" by Eric Coates. Many combinations made hundreds of appearances, notably Troise and their Banjoliers, Cecil Norman and the Rhythm Players, Bernard Monshin and their Rio Tango Band, Anton and their Orchestra, Bill Savill and their Orchestra and Jack White and their Band.
Although the programme became very popular with domestic audiences and later with motorists, it was aimed first and foremost at the factories, and strict rules were applied: predominantly familiar pieces, nothing lethargic, consistent volume, avoidance of overloud drumming (which could sound like gunfire), and generally cheerful programmes to which workers could whistle or sing. Jazz was discouraged as, by its very nature, it often deviates from the melody, which had to be clear at all times. The song "Deep in the Heart of Texas" was banned from the show, because of the potential danger of production line workers taking their hands away from their work or banging their spanners on the machinery to perform the four hand-claps in the chorus.
Music While You Work ended in 1967 when the BBC Light Programme transformed into BBC Radio 2. It was revived for a week to mark the BBC's 60th anniversary in October 1982 and then as a regular part of Radio 2 from January 1983 to January 1984. There were two short revivals in 1990 and 1991, and a final one-off programme in 1995. The concept of the programme was evoked during BBC Radio 3's "Light Fantastic" 2011 season with a live broadcast of light music from a factory in Irlam performed by the BBC Philharmonic, reminiscent of Music While You Work and Workers' Playtime. This one-off programme differed from the original series as it was staged before an audience and the items were announced.
A radio documentary on the programme, The Music Factory, was first broadcast in September 2002. From 2000, Serenade Radio began broadcasting historic reruns of the programme at 9.30am on weekdays.
See also
Workers' Playtime
Footnotes
External links
Audio clip from BBC archives
Masters of Melody website
BBC Light Programmes
1940 radio programme debuts
1967 radio programme endings
British classical music radio programmes
British jazz radio programs
BBC Home Service programmes
Milisav Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милисав Савић; born 15 April 1945 in Vlasovo near Raska) is a Serbian writer and novelist.
Early life
They attended elementary school in Raška and high school in Novi Pazar. Later, they graduated from University of Belgrade, where they majored in Yugoslav and world literature in 1969. They attained their M. A. and PhD. from the same university, the latter with the dissertation "Memoir and Autobiographical Prose about Serb-Turkish Wars 1876-78".[1]
Career
Savić was the first editor-in-chief of the literary periodical "Knjizevna rec" (Literary Word), 1972/1977. In 1980, they were appointed editor-in-chief of the leading literary newspapers "Književne novine" ("Literary Gazette"). In 1983 they became the main editor in the largest publishing house in Serbia, "Prosveta" ("Education"). In 2005/2008 they worked in Rome in The Embassy of Serbia as minister adviser.
After their return from Rome, they worked as a professor of literature at the State University of Novi Pazar.
In 1977 and 1978, they taught Serbo-Croatian at London University, later at SUNY, Albany (1985/87), the University of Florence (1990/92 and the University of Lodz, Poland (1999/2000).[2]
Savić is the editor and translator of several anthologies of foreign literature into Serbian (American and Italian) and the writer of three collections of essays.
Works
Short-stories collections
"The Bulgarian Shack" (1969)
"Young Men from Raška" (1977)
"Uncle about Town" (1977, Andric award)
"30 plus 18" (2005)
"Love letters and other lessons" (2012)
Novels
"The Loves of Andrija Kurandić" (1972)
"The Poplar on the Terrace" (1985)
"The Urn of the Guerilla Commander" (1990)
Bread and Fear" (1991, "NIN award" )
"The Scars of Silence" (1997)
"The Prince and Serbian Writer", included in the book "Roman Diary, Stories and One Novel" (2008)
"Cvarcic" (2010), "La sans pareille" (2015 Mesa Selimovic award, 2015 award "Borina nagrada" )
"The valley of Serbian kings" (2015).
References
External links
Interview in Serbian newspaper "Politika"
Interview for newspaper b92
Filmed interview national Serbian TV
Interview
1945 births
Serbian writers
Living people
Charles Ludwig de Blume or Karl Ludwig von Blume (9 June 1796, Braunschweig – 3 February 1862, Leiden) was a German-Dutch botanist.
They were born at Braunschweig in Germany, but studied at Leiden University and spent their professional life working in the Dutch East Indies and in the Netherlands, where they were Director of the Rijksherbarium (state herbarium) at Leiden. Their name is sometimes given in the Dutch language form Karel Lodewijk Blume, but the original German spelling is the one most widely used in botanical texts: even then there is confusion, as they are sometimes referred to as K.L. Blume (from Karl).
They carried out extensive studies of the flora of southern Asia, particularly in Java, then a colony of the Netherlands. From 1823 to 1826 Blume was Deputy Director of Agriculture at the botanic garden in Bogor (Buitenzorg) in Java. In 1827 they became correspondent of the Royal Institute of the Netherlands. In 1855, they were elected a foreign member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences.
They planned, together with Philipp Franz von Siebold (1796-1866), the foundation of the "Koninklijke Nederlandsche Maatschappij tot aanmoediging van den Tuinbouw". (Royal Dutch Society for the Advancement of Horticulture). This was carried to fruition in 1842.
The botanical journal Blumea is named after him.
They were also an entomologist.
Publications
Carl Ludwig Blume: "Catalogus van eenige der merkwaardigste zoo in- als uitheemse gewassen, te vinden in 's Lands Plantentuin te Buitenzorg" opgemaakt door C. L. Blume, M.D., Directeur van voorz. tuin. s.l. n.d. [Batavia 1823]. (Catalogue of some native and exotic plants in Buitenzorg)
Carl Ludwig Blume: Bijdragen tot de flora van Nederlandsch Indië .... 1825-1827 (Contributions to the flora of the Dutch Indies) on Botanicus
Carl Ludwig Blume & Johannes B. Fischer (? - 1832): Flora Javae nec non insularum adjacentium .... 1828–1851.
Carl Ludwig Blume: De novis quibusdam plantarum familiis expositio et olim jam expositarum enumeratio. (1833)
Carl Ludwig Blume: Rumphia, sive commentationes botanicae imprimis de plantis Indiae orientalis .... 1835-1849 (4 volumes with 170 illustrations)
Carl Ludwig Blume: Museum botanicum Lugduno-Batavum .... 1849-1857 on Botanicus
Carl Ludwig Blume: Flora Javae et insularum adjacentium nova series (1858-1859)
Carl Ludwig Blume: Collection des Orchidées les plus remarquables de l'Archipel Indien et du Japon (1858-1859).
References
External links
Detailed biography
Karl Ludwig Blume Karl Ludwig Blume's work on orchids
1789 births
1862 deaths
Botanists with author abbreviations
Bryologists
Pteridologists
Dutch entomologists
German entomologists
Dutch mycologists
German mycologists
Members of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Leiden University alumni
German emigrants to the Netherlands
Scientists from Braunschweig
People from the Duchy of Brunswick
People from Leiden
19th-century Dutch botanists
19th-century German botanists
Dorsifulcrum cephalotes is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Francis Walker in 1869. It is found in Angola, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Nigeria and Rwanda.
References
Ennominae
Moths of Africa
Insects of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Fauna of the Republic of the Congo
Moths described in 1869
Taxa named by Francis Walker (entomologist)
The Colgate Sports Newsreel was a radio program focusing on sports. It has been called "one of the most successful and most listened-to shows in radio history" and "one of radio broadcasting's most entertaining and engaging programs." However, much of the information reported as fact was actually fiction.
The program was first broadcast in October 1939, on NBC Blue. Although Colgate dropped its sponsorship in June 1951, the show continued on NBC as Bill Stern's Sports Newsreel through September 1953. It then switched to ABC, where it ran until June 1956. During World War II, the Newsreel was among the programs that NBC rebroadcast by transcription to members of the United States armed forces stationed abroad.
Bill Stern, the star, made the program memorable with their enthusiastic, dramatized delivery. They were already both the narrator of MGM's News of the Day newsreels, and a sports announcer. Thus, the format of this program came naturally.
For most of its run, the show was sponsored by Colgate brushless shave cream. The opening theme "was sung in barbershop quartet style to the tune of Mademoiselle from Armentieres" and mentioned the sponsoring product prominently. Although the singing group was not named in the program, a news brief announcing the show's launch in 1939 identified it as the Armchair Quartette. The theme's lyrics varied a bit over the years, but the basic form was as follows:
Bill Stern the Colgate shave-cream man is on the air.
Bill Stern the Colgate shave-cream man with stories rare.
Take their advice and you'll look keen.
You'll get a shave that's smooth and clean.
You'll be a Colgate brushless fan.
From September 14, 1953, through December 10, 1954, Budweiser sponsored the program. Its final sponsor was Allstate, from December 13, 1954 through June 22, 1956.
Format
Stern dramatized sporting events from the past. Their standard introduction indicated their dramatic approach to storytelling:Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Bill Stern bringing you the th edition of the Colgate shave cream Sports Newsreel ... featuring strange and fantastic stories ... some legend, some hearsay ... but all so interesting we'd like to pass them along to you!
The program treated sports people and their accomplishments almost mythologically. Tony Silvia wrote: "[Stern] delighted in telling stories about the players that cast them as heroes beyond the reach of mere mortals. Rather than humanizing their subjects, Stern embellished their prowess -- on and off the field -- to the point where listeners were spellbound by the story behind the story of any specific team or game." Use of sound effects, organ music and dramatization augmented this approach. Stern's page on the National Radio Hall of Fame's website cited their dramatic technique by saying, "Although some of their reports stretched the limits of credibility, no one doubted that Stern was a master storyteller who used emphasis, repetition, and pauses to perfection." Similarly, their Hall of Fame inductee page on the American Sportscasters Association's website notes the style of their broadcasts as follows: "Stern had a special flare [sic] for the dramatic, and employed organ music, full dramatizations, and sound effects in their broadcasts. Their voice and broadcasting style reflected their enthusiasm for the sports they covered."
The program's appeal was frequently enhanced by inclusion of big-name guests. Radio Historian John Dunning wrote: "[O]ften they persuaded top stars -- Orson Welles, Jack Benny, Frank Sinatra and skater Sonja Henie were just a few -- to do guest spots. Each star had a personal tale that related in some way, however small, to sports." The program often originated from wherever Stern was preparing to broadcast a sporting event. Therefore, they often included a coach or player from the history of one of the teams in the current contest.
Facts or Fabrications?
The "stories rare" mentioned in the show's opening theme may have resulted from the fact that much of what Stern reported in the Newsreel never actually happened. Bill Davidson, one of Stern's writers, said as much in a TV Guide article that was reprinted in New York magazine: Every week, another writer and I -- on Stern's direction -- would unabashedly make up so-called "true sports stories," mostly about historical characters who were dead and could not protest. One of my classics was about Abraham Lincoln, who, having been assassinated at Ford's Theater in Washington, regained consciousness just long enough to say to Secretary of War Stanton, "Tell General Abner Doubleday not to let baseball die." After that whopper, NBC ordered Stern to label their dramatizations "sports legends" ...
Referring to Stern's lack of veracity on the Newsreel, Dunning wrote: "On their Colgate Sports Newsreel, [Stern] was known to tell the same story twice, a year or so apart, using conflicting facts and passing both versions as truth. Stern covered their tracks, reminding listeners that their stories were 'some true, some hearsay, but all so interesting we'd like to pass them along to you.'"
Not all criticism of Stern's cavalier attitude toward the facts came in retrospect. In 1949, radio critic John Crosby wrote: "Even the word 'hearsay' is a rather generous description, implying ... that Stern's stories have reached stature of legend ... This is misleading. Many of the most lurid of Stern's "legends" originated in the teeming brains of their writers and started their way to legend only after Stern put them on the air to their devoted audience..." Crosby went on to cite one example of Stern's "legends": according to the Newsreel, Thomas Edison's "deafness was the result of a pitched ball that hit them in the head when they were a semi-pro ballplayer which they never are ... The pitcher who threw that ball, according to Stern, was Jesse James."
Jack French's 2008 article in Radio Recall pointed out several false "legends" on the Stern show, in addition to those cited above:
Pitcher Christy Mathewson inspired George Gershwin to write "Rhapsody in Blue."
Sportswriter Grantland Rice advised Frank Sinatra to give up boxing and concentrate on singing.
A boy whose arms and legs were amputated after they spent a night in the snow in below-zero temperatures went on to win a swimming championship the following year.
Broadcast History
Note: "NA"—information was not listed on the cited page.
References
External links
Jerry Haendiges Vintage Radio Logs: Bill Stern's Sports Newsreel
A different log for Bill Stern Sports Newsreel
62 streaming episodes of Bill Stern Sports Newsreel from archive.org
American sports radio programs
1930s American radio programs
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
1939 radio programme debuts
1956 radio programme endings
NBC Blue Network radio programs
NBC radio programs
ABC radio programs
Roman Podolyak (; born 21 April 1993 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Skala Stryi in the Ukrainian First League.
Podolyak is the product of the UFK Lviv School System. They made their debut for FC Bukovyna played a full-time game against FC Olimpik Donetsk on 29 March 2014 in the Ukrainian First League.
References
External links
Statistics at FFU website (Ukr)
1993 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
FC Karpaty-2 Lviv players
FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi players
FC Skala Stryi (2004) players
Association football defenders
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
The 2012 Campeonato Baiano de Futebol was the 108th season of Bahia's top professional football league. The competition began on January 18 and ended on May 13. Bahia won the championship for the 44th time, while Camaçari and Itabuna were relegated.
Format
The championship has three stages. First stage, semifinals and finals. At first stage, the 12 teams play a double round-robin. The four best teams advance to the semifinals.
The champion and runner-up qualifies for the 2013 Copa do Brasil. The two worst teams are relegated. The best team that is not playing any Campeonato Brasileiro qualifies for the 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
Participating Teams
First stage
Standings
Results
Final stage
Semifinals
First leg
Second leg
3–3 on aggregate. Vitória won on better first stage record
1–1 on aggregate. Bahia won on better first stage record
Third place
First leg
Second leg
Feirense won 6–4 on aggregate.
Finals
First leg
Second leg
3–3 on aggregate. Bahia won on better first stage record.
Top scorers
References
Baiano
Campeonato Baiano
V. T. Rajshekar, in full Vontibettu Thimmappa Rajshekar Shetty, (born 1932) is an Indian journalist who is the founder and editor of the Dalit Voice, which has been described by Human Rights Watch as "India's most widely circulated Dalit journal".
They were formerly a journalist on the Indian Express, where they worked for 25 years.  They are the founder of the 'Dalit Voice' organisation a radical wing of the broader movement for Dalit interests.
Positions and Dalit Voice
Started in 1981, Dalit Voice is a periodical launched by Rajshekhar. Under Rajshekhar's the Dalit Voice organisation formulated an Indian variant of afrocentrism similar to that of the Nation of Islam in the USA but it is different from other magazines in many aspects. It is notable for promoting radical antisemitism borrowed from Western sources and also its link to Afrocentrist ideologies. The book declares the Indian castes as nations within the nation of India. It argues for the strengthening of each caste.
Controversy and criticism
Dalit Voice harshly criticizes Israel and Zionism, which at times crosses the line into antisemitism. It has published articles about 'Zionist conspiracies' regarding Hitler and the Third Reich. They have also supported the Iranian government and Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's denial of the Holocaust.
Passport confiscation
In 1986 Rajshekar's passport was confiscated because of "anti-Hinduism writings outside of India". The same year, they were arrested in Bangalore under India's Terrorism and Anti-Disruptive Activities Act. Rajshekar told Human Rights Watch that this arrest was for an editorial they had written in Dalit Voice, that another writer who republished the editorial was also arrested, and that they were eventually released with an apology. Rajshekar has also been arrested under the Sedition Act and under the Indian Penal Code for creating disaffection between communities.
Books and pamphlets
Dalit Movement in Karnataka
How Marx Died In Hindu India
Why Godse Killed Gandhi
Hindu Serpent And Muslim Mongoose
Dialogue Of The Bhoodevatas
Bhoodevtavon Ki Batchit in Urdu
Mahatma Gandhi and Babasaheb Ambedkar: Clash of Two Values: The Verdict of History. Bangalore: Dalit Sahitya Akademy, 1989
Dalit: The Black Untouchables of India (foreword by Y.N. Kly). Atlanta; Ottawa: Clarity Press, c1987 (Originally published under title: Apartheid in India. Bangalore: Dalit Action Committee, 1979)
Apartheid in India: An International Problem, 2nd rev. ed. Publisher: Bangalore: Dalit Sahitya Akademy, 1983
Ambedkar and Their Conversion: a critique. Bangalore: Dalit Action Committee, Karnataka, 1980
Judicial Terrorism
India As A Failed State
Aggression On Indian Culture
Development Redefined
Caste – A Nation within the Nation
India's Intellectual Desert
The Zionist Arthashastra (Protocols of the Learned Elders of Zion)
Brahminism In India And Zionism In West
India's Muslim Problem
India On The Path To Islamisation
Dalit Voice – A New Experiment in Journalism
Brahminism
Weopons To Fight Counter Revolution
Riddles In Hinduism by Babasaheb Ambedkar
Know The Hindu Mind
Awards
In 2005 Rajshekar received the London Institute of South Asia (LISA) Book of the Year Award.
In 2018 Rajshekar received the Mukundan C Menon Award instituted by the National Confederation of Human Rights Organization's (NCHRO).
References
1932 births
Ethnocentrism
Indian newspaper journalists
Living people
Pseudohistorians
Dalit writers
People from Dakshina Kannada district
Journalists from Karnataka
Indian political journalists
20th-century Indian journalists
A rostral column is a type of victory column originating in ancient Greece and Rome, where they were erected to commemorate a naval military victory. Its defining characteristic is the integrated prows or rams of ships, representing captured or destroyed enemy ships. The name derives from the Latin rostrum meaning the bow of a naval vessel.
Rostral columns of the modern world include the Columbus Monument at Columbus Circle in New York City, and the paired Saint Petersburg Rostral Columns.
List of notable rostral columns
Ancient
Columna Rostrata C. Duilii ("Rostral Column of Gaius Duilius"), celebrating the naval Battle of Mylae (260 BC); formerly in the Roman Forum, some remnants of the inscription are now in the Capitoline Museum.
Modern
the Grenville Column, monument to Royal Navy officer Thomas Grenville, on the grounds of Stowe House, Buckinghamshire, England (1749)
one element of the Tripoli Monument, United States Naval Academy, Annapolis, Maryland (1808)
twin rostral columns in the Place des Quinconces, Bordeaux (1829)
Place de la Concorde, Paris (1836)
Old Saint Petersburg Stock Exchange and Rostral Columns, Saint Petersburg, Russia (1881)
monument to Wilhelm von Tegetthoff, Praterstern, Vienna (1886)
Columbus Monument, New York City (1892)
in the Grand Basin of the World's Columbian Exposition (razed), Chicago, Illinois (1893)
in Grant Park along the Metra Electric railroad line, Chicago, Illinois (1927-29)
Cunard War Memorial, Liverpool, England (1920)
Rostral Column, Vladivostok (:ru:Ростральная колонна (Владивосток) in Russian) (1960)
Rostral Columns, Union Station Plaza, Washington, DC
See also
Rostra, the raised platforms in ancient Rome, also adorned with the beaks of captured warships, from which orations and pleadings were delivered
References
Other sources
"Greek architecture" Encyclopædia Britannica, 1965
External links
Types of monuments and memorials
Stone monuments and memorials
"Just Like Honey" is a song by the Scottish alternative rock band The Jesus and Mary Chain from their 1985 debut album Psychocandy. The track was released as the third single from the record through Blanco y Negro Records in September 1985. The song was written by band members William Reid and Jim Reid.
The song has appeared in several films, most notably in the closing scene of 2003's Lost in Translation, as well as 2008's The Man Who Loved Yngve and a 2011 Volkswagen advertisement campaign. The track also features in "Mommy", the third episode of American Horror Story: Hotel, in which Angela Bassett's character Ramona Royale makes their first appearance. The beginning of the song uses the opening drum riff of The Ronettes' "Be My Baby".
Chart performance
The single reached number 45 on the UK Singles Chart.
Critical reception
The song was ranked number 2 among the "Tracks of the Year" for 1985 by NME.
Track listing
All tracks written by Jim Reid and William Reid.
7" (NEG 17)
"Just Like Honey" – 3:00
"Head" – 3:48
2×7" Gatefold (NEG 17F)
"Just Like Honey" – 3:00
"Head" – 3:48
"Inside Me"– 3:08
"Just Like Honey" (Demo) – 2:54
12" (NEG 17T)
"Just Like Honey" – 3:00
"Head" – 3:48
"Cracked" – 3:43
"Just Like Honey" (Demo) – 2:54
Personnel
The Jesus and Mary Chain
Jim Reid – vocals, producer
William Reid – guitar, producer
Douglas Hart – bass guitar, producer
Bobby Gillespie – drums, producer
Additional personnel
Karen Parker – backing vocals
John Loder – audio engineer
Charts
References
The Jesus and Mary Chain songs
1985 singles
Songs written by Jim Reid
Songs written by William Reid (musician)
Blanco y Negro Records singles
1985 songs
Song recordings with Wall of Sound arrangements
Norman Geoffrey Jukes (14 October 1932 – 12 February 2021) was an English professional footballer who played as a full-back in the Football League for York City, and was on the books of Huddersfield Town without making a league appearance.
References
1932 births
2021 deaths
English footballers
Association football fullbacks
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
York City F.C. players
English Football League players
Footballers from Leeds
Place of death missing
Farsi Jan (, also Romanized as Fārsī Jān) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 391, in 122 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Elliott–Carnegie Library is a historic Carnegie library building located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1922, and is a small, one-story brick veneer structure in the Georgian Revival / Colonial Revival style. It was the last public library in North Carolina to receive a grant from the Carnegie Foundation that funded 2,507 such facilities worldwide. In the 1950s, it was converted for use as radio station WHKY by the Catawba Valley Broadcasting Company. It later housed an advertising and public relations firm.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Carnegie libraries in North Carolina
Libraries on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Library buildings completed in 1922
Georgian Revival architecture in North Carolina
Colonial Revival architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Tipton County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana, located north of the state capital of Indianapolis. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 15,936, a decrease of 3.9% from its 2000 population of 16,577. Its county seat is Tipton. The county has four incorporated towns with a total population of about 7,000, as well as many small unincorporated communities. It is divided into six townships which provide local services. Three Indiana state roads and one U.S. Route cross the county, as do two railroad lines.
Before the arrival of non-indigenous settlers in the early 19th century, the area was inhabited by several Native American tribes. The county was officially established in 1844, one of the last Indiana counties to be settled. Tipton and Howard Counties were established by the same legislative action on January 15.
History
Prior to the arrival of non-indigenous settlers in the 1830s, the area of Tipton County was inhabited by the Miami and Delaware tribes. Tipton County was formed in 1844. It was named for John Tipton, a soldier of the Battle of Tippecanoe in 1811. Tipton served as United States Senator for Indiana from 1831 until shortly before their death in 1839.
The first murder in the county occurred in October 1851. Harvey Moon killed Andrew Hornbeck with a knife. Moon was tried in Indianapolis, as a jury could not be empaneled in Tipton County. They were sentenced to five years in prison. They escaped prison and was not recaptured.
Courthouse
The first Tipton County Courthouse was a two-story frame building. It was planned in early 1845 and was completed by the end of the year at a cost of about $1200. It was expanded the following year. By 1858 a new courthouse was needed, and the brick building was completed by 1859 at a cost of approximately $15,000.
The present courthouse was designed by Adolph Sherrer. They had taken over the Indiana Statehouse project when architect Edwin May died in 1880; five years after the completion of that project in 1888, Scherrer began work on the Tipton building, which was built of sandstone in a Romanesque style with a clock tower of 206 feet elevation including the flagstaff on top. It was built 1893-94 by Pierce and Morgan of Indianapolis at a cost of $170,988. It is one of several Romanesque courthouses dating from the 1890s that are still in use.
Geography
Tipton County falls near the center of Indiana. Most of the county consists of level till plain with elevations from to above sea level. Prior to settlement by non-indigenous people, it was mostly covered with dense forests consisting of oak, beech, maple, walnut, hickory, sycamore and tulip trees. The southern part of the county has better natural drainage, and this area was first cleared for agriculture. Much of the rest of the county tended to be swampy due to the level ground and lack of sufficient natural waterways, so drainage channels had to be dug to make the land suitable for farming.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.99%) is land and (or 0.01%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Clinton County – west
Grant County - northeast
Hamilton County – south
Howard County – north and northwest
Madison County – east and southeast
Incorporated communities
Tipton – the county seat, near the county center. Its 2010 population was 5,106.
Kempton – near the western border, in Jefferson Township. Its 2010 population was 335.
Sharpsville – near the northern border, in Liberty Township. Its 2010 population was 607.
Windfall City - in northeast corner of the county, in Wildcat Township. Its 2010 population was 708.
The city of Elwood lies in Madison County to the east and extends slightly over the border; as of the 2000 census, seven Elwood residents lived in Tipton County.
Unincorporated communities
Curtisville
East Union
Ekin
Goldsmith
Groomsville
Hobbs
Jackson
Nevada
New Lancaster
Normanda
Tetersburg
West Elwood
Townships
Cicero
Jefferson
Liberty
Madison
Prairie
Wildcat
Climate and weather
Tipton County is in the humid continental climate region of the United States along with most of Indiana. Its Köppen climate classification is Dfa, meaning that it is cold, has no dry season, and has a hot summer. In recent years, average temperatures in Tipton have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1994 and a record high of was recorded in July 1999. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June. From 1950 through 2009, 13 tornadoes were reported in Tipton County, resulting in two deaths and several injuries; the total estimated property damage was over $3 million.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 15,936 people, 6,376 households, and 4,517 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 6,998 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.6% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% American Indian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.5% were German, 14.5% were American, 12.3% were English, and 9.6% were Irish.
Of the 6,376 households, 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.1% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.2% were non-families, and 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.93. The median age was 42.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $61,115. Males had a median income of $42,763 versus $29,832 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,499. About 3.3% of families and 6.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.7% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Tipton County's economy is supported by a labor force of about 7700 workers with an unemployment rate in December 2015 of 3.8%.
Agriculture
Historically, Tipton County's economy has been agriculturally based. In 1914, the county had 2,067 working farms and 166,400 acres of farm land. The early settlers raised corn, wheat, oats, rye, flax, and potatoes, with alfalfa in the prairie areas. Fruit was profitable in the county before 1880, but blight lessened yield and fruit growing nearly halted.
The Tipton County Agricultural Society was organized in August 1855. They held the first county fair that October. It was described as a "failure," and was followed by another unsuccessful fair the following year. That organization was dissolved, another formed, only to be dissolved again. A third organization, the Tipton County Joint-Stock Agricultural Society formed in 1874. That organization eventually failed and finally, the Tipton County Fair Company was formed in 1879. By the early 20th century, corn and wheat were primary crops.
Banking
Vickrey Bank, founded in the 1880s, was the county's first bank. It became Union Bank, and later Farmers Loan and Trust. In 1876, the Tipton County Bank was founded. It merged with First National Bank in 1902. Other county banks included Citizens National Bank (1898), Farmers Loan and Trust Company (1906), People's State Bank (1892), Sharpsville Bank (1902), and State Bank of Kempton (1900). None of these banks exists today. Farmers' State Bank was formed in 1914 and remains in business today as First Farmers Bank & Trust.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana and the Indiana Code. The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all spending and revenue collection. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms and are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes and service taxes.
A board of commissioners forms the county's executive body. They are elected county–wide, in four–year staggered terms. One commissioner serves as board president. The board executes the acts legislated by the council, collects revenue, and manages the day-to-day running of county government.
The county maintains a small claims court for civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and be residents of the county.
Each township has a trustee who administers rural fire protection and ambulance service, provides poor relief and manages cemetery care, among other duties. The trustee is assisted by a three-member township board. The trustees and board members are elected to four-year terms.
Tipton County is part of Indiana's 5th congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 20 and 21; and Indiana House of Representatives districts 32 and 35.
Education
History
In 1889, county schools had a total enrollment of 6,225. There were a total of 84 schools across the county. The majority of teachers were male, totaling 81 male and 19 female teachers. They were paid approximately $2 per day. By 1914, the school enrollment totaled 3,701 students, with 65 schools across the county. There were five high schools located across the township in Sharpsville, Tipton, Kempton, Goldsmith and Windfall. There were 218 teachers. They were paid $3.19 a day.
Present
Tipton County has six schools, managed by three school corporations. The Tipton Community School Corporation includes an elementary school, a middle school, and a high school, all located in Tipton; these schools served a total of 1,821 students during the 2009–2010 school year. In the north part of the county, Tri-Central Community Schools (formerly Northern Community Schools) includes an elementary school and Tri-Central Middle/High School, both located in Sharpsville; these schools served a total of 970 students in 2009–2010. Saint John the Baptist School was located in Tipton and was part of the Diocese of Lafayette Catholic Schools; it was an elementary school and served 82 students during the 2009–2010 school year., but it closed in 2014 due to declining enrollment.
Media
The county's first newspaper was the Tipton County Democrat in 1855. It became the Western Dominion in 1857. In 1858, G.W. Fisher bought the paper and changed its name to the Tipton County Times. The paper's name was changed again in 1862 to the Democratic Union, and then back to the Tipton County Times in 1869. The Tipton Republican was founded in 1860. The newspaper closed when the editor-in-chief joined the Union Army. Other early newspapers included the Enterprise (1872), the Tipton Advance, (1874), a second Tipton Republican (1876), The Advocate (1878), the Windfall Herald (1891), the Kempton Courier (1907), the Saturday Express (1882), and the Windfall News (1876). None of these papers exists today.
The Tipton County Tribune was founded in 1895. The paper continues to be published today.
Transportation
Highways
US Route 31 – runs north–south through the middle–western part of the county, passing through Tetersburg.
State Road 19 – runs north–south through the middle of the county, passing through Tipton.
State Road 28 – runs east–west through the lower central part of the county, passing through Tipton.
State Road 213 – runs north–south through the middle–eastern part of the county, passing through Windfall.
Though they do not run through the county, three other state roads touch its southeastern corner:
State Road 13 – runs north to the SE corner of Tipton County, then NE to Elwood, in Madison County.
State Road 37 – runs concurrently with State Road 13 in this area running toward Elwood.
State Road 128 – intersects State Road 13/31 at the SE corner of Tipton County.
Railroads
Two Norfolk Southern Railway routes run through the county. One line connects Muncie in the east with Frankfort in the west. The other connects Logansport and Kokomo in the north with Indianapolis in the south. The two lines intersect in Tipton.
Notable people from Tipton County
Charles Benjamin "Babe" Adams (1882–1968) – born in Tipton. Baseball player (pitcher) for Saint Louis Cardinals (1906) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1907–1926).
John Bunch (1921–2010) – born in Tipton. Jazz pianist with Woody Herman, Benny Goodman and Maynard Ferguson. Music composer.
Donald Bertrand Tresidder (April 7, 1894 – January 28, 1948) was the president of Stanford University from 1943 until 1948 and brought the school through the difficult years of World War II. Prior to their work at Stanford, they headed the Yosemite Park and Curry Co.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tipton County, Indiana
Notes
References
Bibliography
Pershing, Marvin W. "History of Tipton County, Indiana: Them People, Industries and Institutions". Indianapolis: B.F. Bowen (1914).
External links
Tipton County website
Tipton County website on Indiana State link
Tipton County information & community website
Tipton County Chamber of Commerce
The Dunham House, located in Kempton, Tipton County
Indiana counties
1844 establishments in Indiana
Kokomo, Indiana metropolitan area
Mingjing News () is a New York-based Chinese-language news website owned by Mirror Media Group. Its editor-in-chief is Ho Pin.
Stories broken by Mingjing News include predicting appointments to the Chinese Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee in 2012, and reporting the revelations surrounding Zhou Yongkang in 2014.
The site was the subject of a denial-of-service attack by the Great Cannon of China in 2017.
References
External links
(in Chinese)
News websites
Chinese-language websites
Reiner Eberhard Moritz (born 1938 in Hanover) is a German film director and film producer.
Biography
Moritz studied musicology, German and Romance studies. They graduated from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in 1970. In 1977, they founded the RM Creative Fernseh- und Film-GmbH in Munich, which still exists today. In 1978 they founded the RM Arts Fernseh- und Film GmbH, which later passed to the Kirch Group and since 2005 has rights to some 900 productions owned by the Arthaus Musik label. RM Arts produced a large number of documentaries in the field of music and visual arts.
In 1981, RM Arts started the series 1000 Meisterwerke for the WDR under the direction of Moritz. Moritz knew Dmitri Shostakovich and produced the documentary Ein Mann mit vielen Gesichtern ("A man with many faces") about him.
Honours
2007: Honorary Preis der deutschen Schallplattenkritik.
2009: Knight's Cross 1st Class of the Order of the Lion of Finland.
Filmography (selection)
As director
1981: 1000 Meisterwerke (series)
1991: Werner Tübke. About the adventure of figuration
2004: L'heure espagnole
2006: The Real Rameau
2014: Tanz macht Fernsehgeschichte
As producer
1972: Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii
1978: Monsieur René Magritte
1984: Puccini
1992: Das Doppelleben des Arnold Bax ("The Double Life of Arnold Bax")
1998: In Rehearsal: Christoph von Dohnányi with the Philharmonia Orchestra
References
External links
RM Arts on IMDb
German documentary film directors
Recipients of the Order of the Lion of Finland
1938 births
Film people from Hanover
Living people
The Atlanta & Edgewood Street Railroad Company of Atlanta, Georgia was organized in 1886 by Joel Hurt, C. W. Hubner, H. E. W. Palmer, W. P. Inman, Peter Lynch, R. C. Mitchell, Asa Griggs Candler, J. P. McDonald, J. G. Reynolds, A. F. Moreland, and P. H. Harralson. It was originally authorized to run horsecars along Foster Street (which would soon be renamed Edgewood Avenue) to what was then the separate village of Edgewood.
Soon thereafter the Atlanta & Edgewood introduced Atlanta's first electric streetcar service in 1889. Hurt owned the East Atlanta Land Company which improved Edgewood Avenue (demolishing 94 existing dwellings to do so). The cars featured oak interiors and plate glass windows valued at $4,000. The steel rails were gauges heavier than those used on the Georgia Railroad which ran parallel just to the south. The rails were elevated on stone piers and surrounded by paving made of Belgian block. The streetcar was designed to make easily and comfortably accessible Hurt's garden suburb, Inman Park.
See also
Streetcars in Atlanta
Timeline of mass transit in Atlanta
References
History of Atlanta
Defunct public transport operators in the United States
Companies based in Atlanta
Railway lines in Atlanta
Railway companies established in 1886
American companies established in 1886
General Belgrano originally refers to:
Manuel Belgrano (1770–1820), Argentine economist, politician and military leader
General Belgrano may also refer to:
Places
General Belgrano, Buenos Aires, a city in the Buenos Aires Province, Argentina
General Belgrano Partido, a district of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina
General Manuel Belgrano, a settlement in Formosa Province, Argentina
Pueblo General Belgrano, a village and municipality in Entre Ríos Province, Argentina
Villa General Belgrano, a village in Córdoba Province, Argentina
Ships
, an Argentine Navy light cruiser, sunk in the Falklands War
, an Argentine Navy Giuseppe Garibaldi-class cruiser
Other uses
General Belgrano Bridge, a road bridge in Argentina
General Manuel Belgrano Railway, one of the main railway lines in Argentina
General Belgrano de Santa Rosa, an Argentine football club from La Pampa Province
See also
Belgrano (disambiguation)
General Belgrano Department (disambiguation)
Belgrano II Base, Antarctica
List of ships named ARA General Belgrano
Aisake is a Melanesian name. Notable people with this name include:
Aisake Nadolo (1964–2009), Fijian rugby union player
Aisake Tarogi (born 1981), Fijian rugby union player
Aisake Ó hAilpín (born 1985), Fijian-Irish sportsperson
Lusiano Aisake, king of Uvea
ʻAisake Eke, Tongan politician
Cristian Gigi Brăneț (born 14 July 1977) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for teams such as Dunărea Galați, Politehnica Iași or Oțelul Galați, among others.
Honours
FC Vaslui
Liga III: 2002–03
Politehnica Iași
Liga II: 2003–04
Oțelul Galați
Liga I: 2010–11
External links
1977 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga I players
Liga II players
FCM Dunărea Galați players
ASC Oțelul Galați players
FC Vaslui players
FC Politehnica Iași (1945) players
Liga Leumit players
Hapoel Tzafririm Holon F.C. players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Romanian football managers
Sportspeople from Galați
Chrystal is an American drama film, which was released to audiences in the United States on April 8, 2005. The cast included Billy Bob Thornton, Lisa Blount, Harry Lennix, Walton Goggins, and Grace Zabriskie. Ray McKinnon, in addition to playing the role of "Snake", directed, wrote, and produced the film. The story is about a woman named Chrystal (Lisa Blount) who has been traumatized both physically and mentally from a car accident that took the life of their son. Joe (Billy Bob Thornton), Chrystal's husband, has just been released from jail after a 16-year sentence stemming from multiple crimes they committed.
Plot
In Arkansas, a woman named Chrystal, has become permanently injured, emotionally detached, and mentally unstable stemming from several traumatic events in their past.
The movie begins with Joe fleeing from the police in a high-speed police chase with their wife and son in the same car. While weaving down the mountain roads at a high speed, Joe loses control of the vehicle and ends up rolling down a hill and, subsequently, crashing into a tree. Chrystal is severely injured in the accident, suffering a broken neck. Their son, who the police presumed was flung through the windshield, was never found at the scene of the accident, or anywhere in the surrounding areas.
For their role in running from the police and causing injuries to their passengers, Joe is arrested and sentenced to 16 years in prison for a variety of crimes, including fleeing to avoid capture by police.
Upon their release from the state prison, Joe comes back to their home in search of a change in their life. They end up coming back home to their wife, who hadn't divorced them even while they were away in prison. Because of Joe's run-in with the law, and the resulting car accident and loss of their child, Chrystal is permanently injured in their neck that left them a quadraplegic. Although later Chrystal has managed to regain limited mobility in their body, they have completely lost their enthusiasm, emotions, or will to live.
As Joe begins to slowly work their way back into their life, they are unsure of whether to accept them once again, fearing what may happen if they do so. They now want to change and atone for their past life of crime. Forced to face their past to continue with their future, Joe runs into an old enemy of his, Snake (Ray McKinnon). Worried about him, Snake invites Joe to rejoin them in their illegal drug operation.
Cast
Lisa Blount as Chrystal
Billy Bob Thornton as Joe
Ray McKinnon as Snake
Walton Goggins as Larry
Harry Lennix as Kalid
Johnny Galecki as Barry
Production
The film was shot in the Eureka Springs, Arkansas area of the Ozark Mountains.
Critical reception
Reviews for Chrystal were generally positive. On Rotten Tomatoes, it received an 80% score based on 20 reviews, with an average score of 7 out of 10.
Kevin Crust of the Los Angeles Times gave it 3 out of 5 and wrote: "Chrystal unravels a bit toward the end as it becomes more fable-like, but the performances make it worthwhile." Variety called it "Respectable piece of work is reasonably involving if not compelling.".
Release and box office
The movie was released in the United States on April 8, 2005. It was in theaters for 11 weeks following this on limited release. In total, the movie grossed $80,701 in total box office ticket sales. Chrystal's best weekend in box office sales came on its second weekend, where it grossed $19,074.
References
External links
2004 films
American drama films
Films scored by Stephen Trask
Films set in Arkansas
Films shot in Arkansas
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
So Who Am I being the fourth album by British bhangra group Swami.
The album is a re-recorded and re-mixed version of their previous album, DesiRock, and contains massive musical differences, most notably, the tracks have all been re-done with live instruments, giving the album much more of a rock feel, compared to the more electronic sound of DesiRock.
Also, some of the songs on DesiRock featured MC Sarpanch, who was removed from the band in between these two albums. Therefore, all their vocals have been re-recorded by S-Endz on this release. This album also contains a new track - "DesiRock Part II". It was released on Sony BMG in 2005.
Track listing
"DesiRock"
"Challa II"
"Don't Hold Back"
"Turn It Up"
"Hooked and Addicted"
"Bust da Mic"
"Throw 'Em Up"
"Hear Dis"
"Move"
"DesiRock Part II"
References
2005 albums
Swami (band) albums
Several ships have been named Niagara. They include:
RMS Niagara, a Cunard Line ship launched in 1848
, an ocean liner launched in 1912 and sunk by a mine in 1940
, a Thames sailing barge launched in 1898
, an ocean liner launched in 1908 as Corse, renamed Niagara in 1910 and scrapped in 1931
: various United States Navy vessels of that name
, transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy in 1940 and renamed HMCS Niagara
Niagara (tug), wooden tugboat built in 1872, sank in 1904
See also
Niagara (disambiguation)#Ships
Niagara II (ship)
Ship names
Under the Influence is the sixth studio album by American rock band Warrant released in 2001. The album is a covers album with two original new tracks, "Face" and "Sub Human". The album is the last to feature vocalist Jani Lane, as the band's next release - Born Again features ex-Black 'n Blue vocalist Jaime St. James.
Background
The band toured in support of the album with Poison in the summer of 2001 on the Glam Slam Metal Tour which was cut 3 weeks short due to back injuries sustained by Poison bassist Bobby Dall.
The cover of AC/DC's "Down Payment Blues" features guitarist Billy Morris on lead vocals. Morris was the band's newest lead guitarist, replacing Keri Kelli, who was only in the band for 8 months after replacing Rick Steier in early 2000. The album also features Mike Fasano, who became the band's newest in a long line of drummers.
Track listing
Personnel
Jani Lane - Lead vocals
Erik Turner - Rhythm Guitar
Jerry Dixon - Bass Guitar
Billy Morris - Lead Guitar, lead vocals (on "Down Payment Blues")
Mike Fasano - Drums
Mike Morris - Keyboards
References
External links
Warrant Official Site
Classic Warrant Videos on Sony BMG MusicBox
Warrant (American band) albums
2001 albums
Naseeb is a 1997 Indian Hindi drama film directed by Kirti Kumar and produced by Vinay Kumar Sinha. It stars Govinda, Mamta Kulkarni and Rahul Roy in lead roles while Ajit Vachani, Shakti kapoor, Kader Khan appear in supporting roles. The movie was a Disaster at the box office but songs of the film became huge hits especially "Shikwa Nahin Kisi Se" song remains popular till today. Govinda's performance was also well received by audience and critics and is considered to be one of their finest performances.
Plot
This was a first film for govinda which become disaster on the box-office.
The film starts with an inebriated Krishna Prasad (Govinda) who is attempting to commit suicide, but is interrupted by Master Chaban (Kader Khan) who stops him. Krishna befriends Chaban and helps them with their business. Deepak Bajaj (Rahul Roy) comes in for a job interview with Krishna's company and is hired.
One day Deepak's car has a problem, and Krishna takes them to their home where they see Pooja (Mamta Kulkarni), wife of Deepak. In a flashback it is revealed that Krishna is a car mechanic and Pooja is going to a party with their friends. Them car has a problem and Krishna fixes it. Pooja then takes Krishna home. The two keep in touch, and eventually fall in love. Pooja's father, Din Dayal (Ajit Vachhani), meets Krishna and offers them money so they can open their factory. However, Krishna refuses, and decides that they will only marry Pooja when they have become a successful business person. During this time they write to Pooja telling them to forget him. Pooja is heartbroken. When Krishna returns, they are also heartbroken to see Pooja has married another man. On Krishna's birthday, Deepak and Pooja are invited to their party. Pooja is surprised to see Krishna's mansion, since it has every feature that they wanted and they had told to Krishna. Deepak and Pooja meet Krishna, and while everyone is dancing Krishna tries to kiss Pooja. This enrages Deepak who slaps Krishna. Krishna then apologizes to Pooja. Deepak insults Krishna, who gets enraged and fights with Deepak and gets them arrested on charges of embezzling money.
Deepak's father begs Krishna to release Deepak, but Krishna tells them that they want Pooja in return. This infuriates Deepak's father. Pooja thinks that Krishna wants to sleep with her, but Krishna slaps them and tells them that they only loves them and they did all this just so that they can understand their feelings.
Krishna releases Deepak who kicks Pooja out of their house. Master Chaban then takes them to their house. Chaban goes to Dharamdas and learns that they burnt the second letter. Chaban goes to Krishna, who takes Pooja to Deepak and tells them how much Pooja loves Deepak, but Deepak rejects the story. Krishna commits suicide by shooting themselves and dies in the arms of Deepak and Pooja.
Cast
Govinda as Krishna Prasad
Rahul Roy as Deepak Bajaj
Mamta Kulkarni as Pooja Dayal
Ajit Vachani as Din Dayal
Beena Banerjee as Mrs. Din Dayal
Shakti Kapoor as Lalli
Dinesh tiloo as Lallis' friend
Kader Khan as Master Chaban
Saeed Jaffrey as Dharamdas Bajaj
Sudha Chandran
Soundtrack
The film was average in terms of collection, however, its soundtrack was very popular. The Lyrics were written by Sameer and Music composed by Nadeem-Shravan.
And songs sang by Kumar Sanu, Udit Narayan, Alka Yagnik, Anuradha Paudwal, Kavita Krishnamurthy and Babul Supriyo.
External links
References
1990s Hindi-language films
1998 films
Films scored by Nadeem–Shravan
Doris Meltzer (born 21 June 1973) is an Austrian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Austrian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Austria
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Handball players from Vienna
Neelkanth ( ) is a 2021 Gujarati film based on childhood story of Swaminarayan. The film has true inspiring story of 11 years old teenage yogi, Neelkanth, who renounced their home and took an extraordinary spiritual - incredible pilgrimage on the foot across the length and breadth of India. This is story of struggle, determination, kindness, courage, compassion, austerity, adventure, faith, fearlessness and survival of child.
Plot
The movie begins with the heart touching montage "India, the country rich with the most ancient culture in the world. ShriRam, the Maryada Purushottam (The supreme human being with regard to observing the restrictions laid down by the society), and Yogeshwar (The God of Yoga) Shri Krishna took incarnation. The period from 1707 to 1858 was particularly difficult. Anarchy prevailed everywhere. Intrigued by the British policy to divide and rule the states are fighting with one another. Holy men have become pompous and hypocrite to serve their own ends. Unscrupulous people in the disguise of holy men roam everywhere to cheat and loot the people. It is the same land where women were elevated to the status of goddess but now they are subjected to heinous cruelty. In the blind desire to have a son, they drown the girl child in milk immediately after their birth. The evil practice of 'Sati' - a widowed woman immolating themselves on the pyre of their deceased husband - has become deep rooted. Chaos and anarchy are all-pervading because of ignorance and lack of spiritual understanding. India awaits a reformer."
The film shows true life story of Swaminarayan from their birth, Ghanashyama's gracious-amiable Leela. After death of their parents, on 29 June 1792, Neelkanth begins their journey of awakening. Having resolved to embrace the challenges of nature, they leaf their home in the city of Ayodhya at the age of 11. Neelkanth walks alone into the cold stormy night, wearing nothing over their shoulders or under their feet. Neelkanth took very few possessions with them on their journey. Known articles include a loin cloth, "a rosary, a kerchief, a piece of cloth for filtering water, a small manuscript and inner courage, confidence and a silent spiritual strength." At the Saryu River, Kaliddatt's fellows Kaushikdatt and other devils throw them in river. Neelkanth is swept away, leaving behind all that was familiar. They took an extraordinary spiritual - incredible journey across the India. They walked alone, barefoot and bare body continuously. This is story of struggle, determination, kindness, courage, compassion, austerity, adventure, faith, fearlessness and survival of child. Neelkanth walked 12,000 kilometers around the Indian subcontinent over a span of 7 years. The Film is ended with continuous journey of the child and to be continued for Part 2.
Cast
Purva Joshi as Neelkanth, Ghanshyam
Hitesh Raval as Kalidatt
Atul Patel as Pibek
Happy Bhavsar as Bhaktidevi
Bhargav Joshi as Dharmadev
Sachin Brahmbhatt as Rampratap
Priyanka Bhavanandi as Suvasini
Nilu Pathak as Brahman Stri
Anirudhdhsinh Gohil as Manaskhau Rakshak
Haresh Dagiya as Sweet Vendor
Kaushika Goswami as Maya Rani
Prabhakar Shukla as Muni
Production
Development
The film was made with sole aim to spread knowledge, spirituality and inspire people by childhood charitra of Swamianrayan. The film's story adopted from holy books of Swaminarayan sect. (Shree Hari Charitramrut, Shree Hari Van Vicharan, Shrimad Satsangee Jeevan). The film's pre production was started in October 2010. The Script was made under kind guidance of Shree Swaminarayan Temple - Bhuj (Kutch).
Filming
The film shot in Kutch, Gandhinagar and Baroda. The film was shot at 30 different locations in 42 days. The unit has done Muhurt shot in Shree Nar Narayandev Temple - Bhuj Kutch in January 2011. The film was shot in real location of Kutch - Gujarat and on set made by unit in Baroda. The whole film shoot was completed in end of May 2011.
Soundtrack
Release
The premier celebration was held for Saints at mini theater of Shree Nar Narayandev Temple - Bhuj and cinema premier on 13 July 2012 with the presence of Saints, Local Politicians, Actors and other honorable people.
The movie was initially released at Bhuj. After great response in the first week, The movie was released in Gujarat, India. The film was also screened in Australia.
Reception
Awards and nominations
Neelkanth received 6 awards and 14 nominations in categories ranging from the film itself to its direction, cinematography, screenplay, music and acting.
References
External links
on Facebook
on Google+
2012 films
Films about religion
Swaminarayan Sampradaya
2010s Gujarati-language films
Stawamus is a lake in the North Shore Mountains of British Columbia, Canada, which forms the head of the Stawamus River.
See also
List of rivers of British Columbia
References
Lakes of British Columbia
North Shore Mountains
Sea-to-Sky Corridor
Silver Streak is a bus rapid transit route between Montclair and Los Angeles operated by Foothill Transit. Between the Montclair TransCenter and the El Monte Bus Station buses travel on the San Bernardino Freeway and between El Monte and Downtown Los Angeles they utilize the El Monte Busway. The service was introduced in 2007 in response to overcrowding on Foothill Transit route 480.
LA Metro's J Line service, which also uses the El Monte Busway, was introduced in 2009 and since 2012 both agencies have offered a reciprocal fare program allowing pass holders to ride either route between Downtown Los Angeles and El Monte.
History
The express Silver Streak was introduced in 2007 in response to overcrowding on Line 480, Foothill's most popular line. The new service used higher-capacity vehicles and eliminated the many deviations and minor stops on Line 480. It was designed to appeal to discretionary riders. The route is also referred to as Line 707. Silver Streak was introduced with onboard Wi-Fi on the NABI articulated buses.
With the introduction of the Silver Streak, the 'Local Plus Service' on Lines 482, 486, 488, 492, and 494 was converted to local service only, and terminated at El Monte Bus Station; with Line 480 terminating at Westfield West Covina. Passengers were then asked to transfer to Silver Streak, 481 or Metro service to continue to Downtown Los Angeles.
On-board Wi-Fi was discontinued in 2009 due to low usage and to cut costs. Ridership of the Silver Streak fell since the introduction of the Metro J (Silver) Line in 2009.
In October 2012 the rebuilt and expanded El Monte Bus Station opened, and a joint fare program was introduced on the Silver Streak/Metro J Line. This allows the same ticket to be used on either service between the bus station and Downtown LA.
The Silver Streak uses a dedicated fleet of New Flyer Xcelsior XN60 buses, which are in length, articulated and fueled with compressed natural gas, which produces fewer emissions than diesel fueled engines.
Fares
Metro and Foothill Transit passengers can now ride either the Metro J Line or Foothill's Silver Streak using each other's pass between Downtown Los Angeles and El Monte Station. The program is not eligible outside this range. The joint agreement range of the Silver 2 Silver bus program is only between El Monte Station and Downtown Los Angeles. The one-way fare is $2.75 for trips of any length, in contrast to the regular Foothill fare of $1.25. A discounted fare of $1.15 for seniors, the disabled, and Medicare cardholders applies.
List of stops, from East to West
References
Bus rapid transit in California
Transportation in Los Angeles
Transportation in Los Angeles County, California
San Gabriel Valley
This is a list of the Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 1992.
See also
1992 in music
List of number-one hits (Netherlands)
References
1992 in the Netherlands
1992 record charts
1992
Julia D. Nelson (December 11, 1863 – May 27, 1936) was an American politician elected to the Indiana House of Representatives in 1921, the first woman elected to the Indiana General Assembly.
Early life
Nelson was born in Mooresville, Indiana. They moved to Indianapolis around 1887, and then to Muncie around 1903.
Nelson attended common schools and high school.
They were married to Edward F. Nelson, with whom they had three children.
Nelson was Chair of the Delaware County Republican Women in 1920. They were active in the suffrage movement, the Eastern Star, and the State Assembly Women's Club.
Nelson returned to Indianapolis in 1923.
Career
Nelson was elected to the Indiana House of Representatives in 1921, representing Delaware County.
Them first speech in office addressed the care of poor parents by their children. While in office, Nelson supported legislation to regulate the hours of women in industry, and to establishing a state probation officer. They also supported a poll tax for women, and increased salaries for legislators. Nelson introduced a bill supporting movie censorship.
Later life
Them husband Edward died in 1923.
Julia D. Nelson died in Indianapolis on May 27, 1936.
Sources
Indiana Republicans
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Indiana
People from Mooresville, Indiana
1863 births
1936 deaths
Parliamentary elections were held in Guatemala on 14 August 1994, following the premature dissolution of Congress during the 1993 constitutional crisis, and in view of implementing constitutional reforms approved in January 1994. The result was a victory for the Guatemalan Republican Front, which won 33 of the 80 seats. Voter turnout was just 21%.
The 1993 constitutional crisis started on 25 May 1993, when the then President Jorge Serrano Elías attempted a self-coup or autogolpe. Serrano suspended the constitution, dissolved Congress and the Supreme Court, imposed censorship and tried to restrict civil liberties. Serrano's actions were met with broad national and international opposition and ruled "illegal" by the Constitutional Court of Guatemala, following which Serrano was forced to resign.
Results
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1994. New York, 1995.
Elections in the Americas A Data Handbook Volume 1. North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. Edited by Dieter Nohlen. 2005.
Elections in Guatemala
1994 elections in Central America
1994 in Guatemala
Nub Tola (Khmer: ណុប តុលា; born 1 October 1995) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
A one club man since their debut in 2013, Tola started out as a forward before they were converted into a defender by former Cambodia national team coach Lee Tae-Hoon, and soon established themselves as one of Cambodia's most promising defender. An intelligent player who has often been praised for their ability to read the game, Tola has also been deployed as a defensive midfielder by former PKR Svay Rieng FC coach Sam Vandeth and former national team coach Prak Sovannara.
But after the arrival of Irish coach Conor Nester at the start of the 2018 MCL season, Tola was converted back to a forward and was given the number 9 shirt.
External links
References
1995 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Association football defenders
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Sportspeople from Phnom Penh
Preah Khan Reach Svay Rieng FC players
Nagaworld FC players
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Cambodia
Tonteldoos is a village in the province of Limpopo, South Africa. It is located southeast of Roossenekal and 20 km northwest of Dullstroom, between the Steenkampsberg and Mapochsberg mountains. It is part of the Mapoch (Southern Ndebele people) land seized by poor settlers in 1883 after the Mapoch War against King Nyabêla. Each veteran of the war was granted 8 morgens of the land, while the rest is reserved for communal pasture.
The name most likely came from Samuel Smit naming their plot in October 1883, more likely after the local weed Haplocarpa scaposa (one of several plants popularly known as “tontelbossie”). The velvety back leaf, easily flammable when dry, was used to make tinderboxes at the time, and several species' leaves are known as “tontel”. Flint can also be found in the area.
Geography
White settlers began farming on the eastern side of the Tonteldoos Valley in the 1850s, including the Steenkamp brothers. Their three farms were Houtenbek, Klipbankspruit, and Draaikral. In 1879, Irishman Michael O'Grady purchased Houtenbek, where their descendants still farm. These farms are located above the Transvaal Supergroup, 2.5-billion-year-old rocks, while the western side of the valley is part of the Bushveld Igneous Complex, which is around 2 billion years old. The veld types differ: on the eastern slopes, there is nothing as it is too cold for trees save for a few stray, stunted shrubs, while the western side is largely grassy but also has twenty different species of trees.
History of Houtenbek
In 1847, Houtenbek Farm was awarded to Willem Steenkamp. The local field cornet, C.M. du Plooy, visited on March 15, 1851, to survey the property. At the time, the standard method was to mark a central point, usually the homestead itself, and time horse rides to various points at the edge of the property. Willem called it “Houtenbek” (“wood at the mouth”) because there were several streams on the property, some of them tree-lined. During the First Mapoch War (1860-1865), all the family abandoned the farm.
Michael O'Grady was born in County Clare, Ireland in 1839, but immigrated to South Africa in the 1860s. They purchased Houtenbek in 1879 for £500. They bought it without seeing it, and was unaware that they were buying Mapoch land, which King Nyabêla reported to the magistrate in Lydenburg. Henrique Shepstone, the British Secretary of Native Affairs, visited with Nyabêla in July 1880 to resolve the situation, and with the failure of these negotiations, a Mapoch Commission was appointed. The First Boer War and the Mapoch War rendered the points moot, and O'Grady settled for the farm in July 1883, albeit elbow to elbow with poor whites both beyond and within Houtenbek's western fringe. A few lawsuits secured their borders by 1891.
In 1887, O'Grady began a diary, still in the family's possession, which primarily concentrated on their farming. A clay house was finished in 1894, and the first year recorded them moving 158 cattle, 1,400 sheep, three horses, and 513 goats from the sweetveld to the laeveld in the winter, as was the custom at the time. They also appointed a Mr. Berkshire to teach their children to read and write, and they hired several black servants. Some earned ten shillings or £1 a month, while others worked a year for a calf.
At the outbreak of the Second Boer War, O'Grady was too old to fight, but their son Thomas Frederick enlisted in the Boer Commandos. On April 20, 1901, the last entry in their diary read: “English troops at Korff's farm Windhoek.” Soon after, they reached Houtenbek, burning down the entire farmhouse and imprisoning the entire family in the concentration camp near Balmoral. One of Michael's granddaughters was buried there. On September 11, 1901, Roland Schikkerling wrote: “O'Grady's farm is now a blackened desert. All that could be burned is lost, even the walls of the house. This place, once so busy and hospitable, is now a desolate wilderness. The fat cattle, the beautiful sheep, the proud horses that once teemed in herds are all gone. The gifted and cordial people were carried away—the fruit of their life's work ruined. The rows of pear and apple trees' white blossoms and the pink ones of the peach trees make a mockery of the scene.”
Plants
Flowers
The Tonteldoos Valley is home to several rare and endangered species, such as the aloe Aloe reitzii var. reitzii. Another endangered species is Eucomis montana, also commonly called the pineapple flower. There are at least three species of arum lily, including the endangered Mapoch lily (Zantedeschia pentlandii).
Another threatened plant found here is Haemanthus humilis ssp. hirsitus. They usually hide in stone cracks. Brunsvigia radulosa, however, blossoms in the open veld. Experts have found more than twenty species of orchids in the valley, including Eulophia ovalis and Satyrium hallackii. Aloe pretoriensis, Aloe castanea, Aloe longibracteata, Aloe cooperii, and Aloe verdoorniae all bloom at certain times of the year.
Trees
Common Blankenveld (Highveld) trees found here include the shiny-leaf buckthorn (Rhamnus prinoides), mountain hard pear (Olinia emarginata), flame thorn (Senegalia ataxacantha), wild olive (Olea europaea subsp. cuspidata), kiepersol (Cussonia paniculata), and woolly bottlebrush (Greyia radlkoferi). At the highest points, just before the transition to the pure grassveld, there are also Protea roupelliae. Mixed bushveld trees predominate around the Mapoch Caves near Roossenekal.
Plants endemic to Sekhukhuneland
Geology, weather, altitude, and fire contribute to the endemism of many plant species in South Africa. Sekhukhuneland, for instance, is home to more than fifty species endemic plant species, and includes the northern side of the Tonteldoos Valley. The grey cabbage tree, or Cussonia transvaalensis, is a case in point, as are the white karee's cousins Rhus wimsii, Tetraselago nelsonii, and the asupervisorstioned Mapoch lily.
Common names
Canthium suberosum, another tonteldoos plant, goes by the name “kurkbokdrol” (Afrikaans for “cork goat dropping”) due to its resemblance to a wine cork. The spiny buds of the small knobwood (Zanthoxylum capense), akin to teats on udders, likewise earned it the common name “kleinperdekram” (“small horse breast”). False horsewood (Hippobromus pauciflorus) is named “basterperdepis” (“hybrid horse urine”) and Acalypha angustata var. glabra is termed “katpisbossie” (“cat urine bush”) based on the smell of their leaves. Dombeya rotundifolia, the dikbas or South African wild pear whose blossoms emerge at the start of spring, is labeled “drolpeer” (“excrement pear”).
Agricultural history
There are several peach farms in the area. In the past, each farm would have several peach trees, usually clingstone peaches that ripened with the new year, prompting a rush to dry and sell them. In the fall, smoke from the poplar bushes signaled the fire times.
Schikkerling's January 30, 1901, entry states that during the war, “many of [the] younger men attend catechism, while many of the elders distill brandy on the nearby fruit farms.”
By the 1930s, “Uncle” Joe and “Aunt” Hessie Kidson of Boomkraal were the most prominent citizens of Tonteldoos. Since the road through Tonteldoos from Boomkraal to Pospaal was often muddy in the rainy season, they easily kept watch for slow-moving customs officials through a system where small boys with mirrors would carry night traffic after the police had gone to bed. By the time the police reached Boomkraal, the kettle was hidden and Aunt Hessie could distill in peace.
In the 1950s, Rev. Dednam of Laersdrif set out to end the moonshine industry in the Mapoch area by buying out all the boilers at a high price and destroying them. The distillers gave them the money hoping to buy better boilers, but there were only two of high quality by 2000: Coen Swart of Ebenhaezer, Welgelukt, & Zwartdam, who made orange brandy; and Johann Dietlof Kunneke of Kristalwater, who distilled many fruits until the excise team caught him.
Further reading
Cillie, A. (1934). The Mapochs Gronden: An aspect of the Poor White question. M.A. dissertation, University of Pretoria.
Joubert, H. & Dreyer, A. (2000). "Rocky road for rare endemics: Granite mining threatens a rich Mpumalanga environment." African Wildlife issue no. 54, pp. 18–19.
Schikkerling, R.W. (1964). Hoe Ry die Boere. Johannesburg: Afrikaanse Pers Boekhandel.
Siebert, S.J. (1998). Ultramafic substrates and floristic patterns in Sekhukhuneland, South Africa. M.Sc dissertation, University of Pretoria.
References
Populated places in the Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality
Takuji Nakamura (1 April 1897 – 31 January 1988) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1897 births
1988 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Niigata Prefecture
Isabella Casillas Guzman (born 1970) is an American government official serving as the administrator of the Small Business Administration in the Biden administration. They assumed office on March 17, 2021.
Early life and education
Guzman was born in Burbank, California. They hail from four generations of Texans who originally fled the Mexican Revolution from the states of Aguascalientes and Jalisco, in Mexico. In the 1960s, Guzman's father moved from Texas to Los Angeles. According to a Larta Institute profile, Guzman claims their heritage includes; Jewish, German and possibly Chinese descent. Them parents owned a small business.
They received a Bachelor of Science from the University of Pennsylvania Wharton School of Business.
Career
Guzman was studio manager and managing partner at Miauhaus Studios from 1998 to 2002, continuing as managing partner through 2010. They served as a deputy appointments secretary in the Office of Governor Gray Davis from 2002 to 2003. They were manager and advisor to founder at Illulian from 2003 to 2005, taking a sabbatical in 2004 to consult during the launch of Fortius Holdings. They were director of strategic initiatives and advisor to founding chairperson at ProAmerica Bank from 2009 to 2014, then joined the Small Business Administration from 2014 to 2017 as deputy chief of staff. From 2017 to 2019, they worked as an independent consultant working with clients such as the Larta Institute before co-founding and directing GovContractPros in 2018.
Beginning April 2019, Guzman served as the director of California's Office of the Small Business Advocate, a department within the California Governor's Office of Economic Development.
On January 7, 2021, it was announced that Guzman would be President-elect Joe Biden's nominee for administrator of the Small Business Administration. Guzman was reported out of the Senate Small Business Committee by a 15–5 vote, and confirmed on March 16, 2021, in a 81–17 vote of the United States Senate.
References
External links
Biography at the United States Small Business Administration
|-
1970s births
American people of Mexican descent
American people of German descent
American people of Jewish descent
Administrators of the Small Business Administration
Biden administration cabinet members
Hispanic and Latino American members of the Cabinet of the United States
Hispanic and Latino American women in politics
Living people
People from Burbank, California
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
Women members of the Cabinet of the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Nic Demski (born December 14, 1993) is a Canadian football slotback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Demski won the 107th and 108th Grey Cups with their hometown Blue Bombers, both times defeating the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Junior career
Demski started playing football at the young age of seven with the Charleswood Broncos as a runningback. They then started playing football for the Oak Park Raiders where they played QB in grade 10 before moving to runningback and slotback. In their final high school year they were the MVP of the championship game which the Raiders won, was named the league's offensive player of the year and an all-star for the Winnipeg High School Football League.
Following their secondary school years Demski joined the University of Manitoba Bisons where they were named a CIS All-Canadian and Canada West All-Star in each of their four seasons with the team. Demski was the first Bison to be named to four CIS All-Star teams. They finished their career with the Bisons ranked fourth in total touchdowns (21), seventh in receiving yards (1,577), fifth in kickoff-return yards (899) and fifth in punt-return yards (941).
Professional career
Saskatchewan Roughriders
Demski was considered a top prospect in the 2015 CFL Draft and was selected by the Saskatchewan Roughriders with the sixth overall pick. They played for the Roughriders from 2015 to 2017. Demski was en route for a breakout season in 2017 before their season was ended by injury with a broken foot in the Labour Day Classic.
Winnipeg Blue Bombers
In 2018 Demski signed a large free agent contract that included a significant signing bonus with their hometown Blue Bombers. Demski had 59 catches for 554 yards and a career high 3 touchdowns throughout the 2018 season. Demski also picked up additional use as a runner, rushing for a career high 248 yards, and their first rushing touchdown on 34 attempts. Winnipeg signed Demski to a new two-year contract several hours into free agency in 2019. In a week 4 game against Ottawa, during the 2019 CFL season, Matt Nichols connected with Demski on an 82 yard TD, the longest of Demski's career. Nichols and Demski hooked up for another catch-and-run TD in the next game, at home against the Argonauts, this time for 67 yards. Demski continue to play a critical role as slot-back receiver for the Blue Bombers. They would help the team upset the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as Winnipeg won the 107th Grey Cup 33-12, ending a 29 year championship drought. Demski was one of a few Winnipeg born players on the team, after the win they said "It's crazy, it's nuts. Just to be on a championship (team) wearing blue. We're able to bring this Cup back home after the drought they had. It feels great. I don't have any words for it. I'm proud of this team and I'm proud of this organization. I just can't wait to get home to Winnipeg and celebrate with our fans."
After the pandemic cancelled the 2020 CFL season Demski signed a two-year contract extension with the team on January 5, 2021. This allowed them to play a part in the Bomber's title defence season. They helped the Blue Bombers as they finished with the best record in the CFL. When the Bombers hosted their first CFL West Division Final since the 1970s, Demski had 6 catches for 51 yards, helping the team to their second consecutive Grey Cup game. During the 108th Grey Cup, Demski and the team were frustrated by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and trailed 22-10 late in the fourth quarter. Demski had a catch and cut back from the two defenders at the 15-yard line, scoring the Bombers' first touchdown. The Bombers would force overtime where they would win their second Grey Cup in a row. As a result of Demski's touchdown catch they were named the Grey Cup's Most Valuable Canadian.
Demski suffered an ankle injury early in the 2022 season.
Statistics
References
External links
Winnipeg Blue Bombers bio
1993 births
Living people
Canadian football slotbacks
Manitoba Bisons football players
Players of Canadian football from Manitoba
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
A merodiploid is a partially diploid bacterium, which has its own chromosome complement and a chromosome fragment introduced by conjugation, transformation or transduction. It can also be defined as an essentially haploid organism that carries a second copy of a part of its genome. The term is derived from the Greek, meros = part, and was originally used to describe both unstable partial diploidy, such as that which occurs briefly in recipients after mating with an Hfr strain (1), and the stable state, exemplified by F-prime strains (see Hfr'S And F-Primes). Over time the usage has tended to confine the term to descriptions of stable genetic states. Merodiploidy refers to the partial duplication of chromosomes in a haploid organism.
References
External links
Bacteria
Classical genetics
Pollari is a Finnish and Italian surname. It may refer to:
Joey Pollari (born 1994), American actor
Zachary Pollari (born 1986), Canadian footballer
Pat Pollari, pseudonym of K. A. Applegate (born 1956), American author
Nicolò Pollari (born 1943), Italian general
The Catholic Church in Sri Lanka is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the pope in Rome. The country comes under the province of Colombo and is made up of 12 dioceses including one archdiocese. There are approximately 1.2 million Catholics in Sri Lanka representing around 6.1% of the total population (according to the 2012 census).
In 1995, at a ceremony in Colombo, Pope John Paul II beatified Father Joseph Vaz (originally, José Vaz), an early Goan missionary to the country, who is known as the Apostle of Sri Lanka. On 17 September 2014, Pope Francis approved the vote to have them declared a saint. Pope Francis canonized Father Joseph Vaz on Galle Face Green, in Colombo on 14 January 2015.
Early history
Records of ancient travelers to Sri Lanka report that a separate area was allocated for Christians in the ancient capital Anuradhapura and there was a Christian chapel used by the Persian merchants who came to Ceylon in around the 5th century. The Persian cross excavated in Anuradhapura belonging to the 5th century and the decorative baptismal pond excavated near Vavuniya prove the presence of Christians in Sri Lanka during the early period of the Anuradhapura Kingdom. Two crosses excavated around Anuradhapura in 1913 are said to be identical to the cross at St Thomas Mount near Chennai.
Modern history
On 15 November 1505 a Portuguese fleet commanded by Lourenço de Almeida, having been driven by a storm to the shores of Sri Lanka, landed in Colombo. With the permission of the king of Kotte, Dharma Parakramabahu IX, Almeida erected a trade station and a small chapel in Colombo. The chapel was dedicated to St Lawrence. Franciscan Friar Vicente, the chaplain of the fleet, celebrated Mass. This is the first record of a Catholic Mass on Sri Lankan soil. Over the next few centuries, Portuguese, Dutch, and Irish missionaries spread the religion in Sri Lanka, most notably on the western and northwestern coast, where in some places Catholics are half the population.
Important churches
Cathedral
National Shrines
See also
Christianity in Sri Lanka
Catholic Bishops' Conference of Sri Lanka
List of Saints from Asia
Mannar Catholic martyrs (1544)
Notes
References
history of Catholicism in Sri Lanka
External links
The Catholic Church in Sri Lanka by GCatholic.org
Profile of the Catholic church in Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka
This list of Ramsar wetlands of Thailand comprises Thai wetlands deemed to be of "international importance" under the Ramsar Convention. For a full list of all Ramsar sites worldwide, see the Ramsar list of wetlands of international importance.
there are 15 Ramsar sites in Thailand, totalling 405,219 hectares.
According to WWF, wetlands are one of the most threatened of all ecosystems, because of progressive loss of vegetation, salinization, excessive inundation, water pollution, invasive species, development, and road building.
See also
List of protected areas of Thailand
References
External links
Annotated Ramsar List: Thailand
WWF - Thailand (in Thai)
WWF - Environmental conservation work in Thailand
Ramsar Information Sheet
A push for 20 new Ramsar sites in Thailand
Map of 20 nominated Ramsar sites in Thailand © WWF
Ramsar
Thailand
Moushegh Ishkhan (; born as Jenderejian, 1913 Sivrihisar - 12 June 1990 Beirut) was an Armenian Diasporan poet, writer and educator.
Life and work
Moushegh Ishkhan was born in 1913 in Sivrihisar, a village near Ankara. Orphaned during the Armenian genocide at the age of two, Ishkhan settled in Damascus. Receiving their elementary education locally, they moved to Cyprus where they attended the Melkonian Educational Institute. After studying for two years at Melkonian, Ishkhan moved to Beirut, Lebanon in 1930 where they attended Nshan Palandjian College. After their graduation in 1935, they became a teacher for three years. Their first book of poems was published in 1936. They studied at the University of Brussels since 1938, but World War II interrupted their studies and in 1940 they returned to Beirut. Upon their return, they continued teaching at Nshan Palandjian College.
They authored 17 books. They published plays, novels, and a series of textbooks on Armenian literature in addition to their well-known poetry.
Yerevan school No. 5 named after Moushegh Ishkhan also has a museum dedicated to him.
Poetry
According to Ishkhan, in the absence of territory for Armenian diaspora it is language that functions as the 'space' for imagining the nation:
"The Armenian language is the home
and haven where the wanderer can own
roof and wall and nourishment...".
References
External links
Ishkhan's biography
Ishkhan profile on hamazkayin.com including many other famous Armenian authors
Ishkhan's poetry in Armenian
Les Poèmes Arméniens Traduits par Louise Kiffer-Sarian (fr.)
1913 births
1990 deaths
20th-century Lebanese poets
Lebanese people of Armenian descent
20th-century male writers
Syrian emigrants to Lebanon
Syrian expatriates in Cyprus
Erwood station may refer to:
Erwood railway station
Erwood transmitting station
The Test: A New Era for Australia's Team, also known as The Test, is a 2020 Australian English-language TV docu-series, produced for Amazon Prime Video. The docu-series was also co-produced by Cricket Australia. It was released on Amazon Prime on 12 March 2020 and consists of 8 episodes.
The docu-series follows the Australia men's cricket team's path to redemption under the captaincy of Tim Paine with the joint effort under Justin Langer who was appointed as the head coach of the Australian cricket team in 2018. It focuses on 18 months of the Australian team as it went through a rough phase and transition in the aftermath of the Australian ball-tampering scandal which emerged in March 2018.
An edited, feature-length version of the series aired on the Seven Network on 4 October 2020.
Cast
Tim Paine
Steve Smith
David Warner
Justin Langer
Virat Kohli
Marcus Harris
Pat Cummins
Nathan Lyon
Marnus Labuschagne
Jhye Richardson
Usman Khawaja
Brad Haddin
Aaron Finch
Ben Stokes
Peter Siddle
Travis Head
Mitchell Marsh
Shaun Marsh
Graeme Hick
Steve Waugh
Marcus Stoinis
Ricky Ponting
Mitchell Starc
Jason Behrendorff
Peter Handscomb
Ashton Turner
Adam Zampa
Adam Gilchrist
Allan Border
Sarfaraz Ahmed
Cheteshwar Pujara
Jofra Archer
Eoin Morgan
Joe Root
Isa Guha
Harsha Bhogle
Storyline
Episode 1
This series is a behind-the-scenes glance which takes a look at the Australian men's team's fall from grace and being forced to retain its legacy, title and integrity. The series begins with the 2018 Australian ball-tampering scandal which rocked Australian cricket, the subsequent press conferences, and the bans from play for Captain Steve Smith, deputy David Warner, and Australian opener Cameron Bancroft. Darren Lehmann resigned as head coach, while Tim Paine replaced Smith as the new captain of the national team.
A few weeks later, former cricketer Justin Langer was announced by Cricket Australia as the new head coach. Despite the odds, the sequence of events ends up with the promise of a better future under the leadership of Paine and Langer who also introduced ethical code of conduct within the Australian setup and also introduced the method of shaking hands before the commencement of a match.
Episode 2-8
The series then shifts to an account of the next 18 months of the Australian Men's Cricket team from their sole perspective. It includes their first draws against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates, India's first test series win during the Australian Summer as well as Australia's first wins against Sri Lanka, their time in India for ODI's and Twenty20 games, and the return of Smith and Warner to the team just before the 2019 Cricket World Cup in England.
The last two episodes spotlights on Australia's contribution during the 2019 Ashes series, which includes Steve Smith hit in the neck with a bouncer during the Second Test, Australia's near win in the Third Test without Smith, with the series finishing on Australia's retention of the Ashes urn by winning the Fourth Test.
References
External links
Amazon Prime Video original programming
English-language television shows
2020s Australian documentary television series
Documentary television series about sports
Australian sports television series
Rhys Adrian Griffiths (28 February 1928 – 8 February 1990) was a British playwright and screenwriter.  They are best known for their radio plays, which are characterised by their emphasis upon dialogue rather than narrative.
Radio dramatist
Rhys Adrian worked in stage management before becoming a writer, contributing material to summer shows, revues, pantomimes and West End musicals. Their first radio play, The Man on the Gate, was broadcast by the BBC Home Service in November 1956.
By the early 1960s they were beginning to develop the dramatic style that would become a hallmark of their subsequent work. A Nice Clean Sheet of Paper (1964) features a talkative and condescending job interviewer (played by Donald Wolfit) whose attempts to communicate with an unresponsive applicant (John Wood) drive them to incoherent blathering.
Evelyn (1969), which starred Ian Richardson and Pauline Collins as a couple trapped in an extra-marital and over-crowded affair, won the RAI Prize for Literary and Dramatic Programmes at the Prix Italia and was later adapted for television.
Buffet (1976) saw Richard Briers playing a borderline alcoholic city gent unwinding at a railway buffet at the end of a long and exhausting day. In an introduction to the broadcast, John Tydeman, then head of Radio 4 drama, and the producer of 27 of Adrian's plays, paid tribute to the author – referring to them as "one of the great unknown British playwrights [...] very much a language man rather than a man who used whizzy, 'show-offy' radio."
1982's Watching the Plays Together was one of Adrian's most experimental works. Consisting largely of a conversation between a middle-aged married couple troubled by the trend towards social realism in television drama, the play won the Giles Cooper Award for outstanding writing for radio. As a mark of their status as a playwright, Adrian's plays throughout the 1980s boasted casts made up of distinguished actors – including, amongst others, John Gielgud (Passing Time; 1983), Michael Aldridge (Outpatient; 1985) and Peter Vaughn (Toytown; 1987). Their last radio play, Upended, was broadcast in 1988.
Screenwriter
In addition to their work on radio, Adrian wrote a number of television plays. Big Time (1961), their first piece for television, was co-written with Julian Pepper under the pseudonym 'J. MacReady'. 1963's Too Old for Donkeys was an adaptation of their own radio play broadcast earlier that year. Adrian reworked several of their radio scripts for television, often to varying levels of success. Their adaptation of Evelyn for the BBC's Play for Today strand was deemed "unsatisfying" by critic David Wade, who felt that Adrian's stylised dialogue clashed with the physicality of the piece, leaving the play at a disadvantage. Buffet also suffered upon its transition to television. Adrian, however, wrote a number of original works for the medium, often as part of anthology series such as The Wednesday Play, Theatre 625, Armchair Theatre, ITV Playhouse and the asupervisorstioned Play for Today; their 1971 play The Foxtrot marked an early departure from the latter series' emphasis on socially aware, issue-based drama towards broad comedy and non-naturalism. In 1973, their play The Withered Arm was transmitted, alongside contributions from Dennis Potter and David Mercer, as part of the Wessex Tales series for BBC2, a group of plays based on the short stories of Thomas Hardy.
Style and themes
Adrian's plays are driven by character and dialogue rather than narrative; they are conversation pieces, usually between two characters, which feature highly stylised language used to a jarring, sometimes surreal, effect. In No Charge for the Extra Service (1979), the bereaved central characters, Elizabeth Spriggs and Nigel Stock, brought together by a dating agency, converse in a formal, almost artificial manner that belies the uncomfortable and disturbing truths they reveal about themselves throughout the course of the play. This emphasis on dialogue leaves Adrian's characters constantly seeking a connection with each other, bolstered by the desire to be understood. 'The Man' in Evelyn desperately wants their declarations of love towards their mistress to be acknowledged, while Hugh Burden's disturbed mental patient in 1981's Passing Through attempts to piece together their broken past by engaging lonely signalman Patrick (Harry Towb) in meandering conversation. Similarly, the two down-and-outs in The Clerks (1978), Freddie Jones and Hugh Burden, seek to reclaim their lost past as intelligence agents by scrupulously poring over the events that led to them being homeless and derelict. While highly articulate, both men challenge the other's story, almost as if attempting to expose lies and half-truths. By the end of the play, perhaps owing to their alcohol consumption throughout the piece, their testimonies have become so outrageous as to be nothing but fabrication. Adrian frequently raises the question of their characters' reliability as 'narrators', their recollections viewed only through the prism of personal experience. The two nonagenarians in Passing Time (John Gielgud and Raymond Huntley) constantly back-pedal when recalling their dim and distant pasts, one memory bumping into the next, often cancelling out the previous remembrance. This is also explored in Watching the Plays Together, which examines the relationship between audience and playwright by creating an imaginary dialogue between the two, balancing the fine line between fiction and reality and providing the listener with an active role in the drama instead of a passive one.
Partial list of works
Radio plays
The Man on the Gate (1956)
The Passionate Thinker (1957)
The Prizewinner (1960)
Betsie (1960)
The Bridge (1961)
Too Old fot Donkeys (1963)
Room to Let (1963)
A Nice Clean Sheet of Paper (1964)
Helen and Edward and Henry (1966)
Between the Two of Us (1967)
Ella (1968)
Echoes (1969)
Evelyn (1969)
The Gardeners of My Youth (1970)
I'll Love You Always (1970)
A Chance Encounter (1972)
Memoirs of a Sly Pornographer (1972)
Angle (1975)
Buffet (1976)
The Night Nurse Slept in the Dayroom (1976)
The Clerks (1978)
No Charge for the Extra Service (1979)
Passing Through (1981)
Watching the Plays Together (1982)
Passing Time (1983)
Outpatient (1985)
Toytown (1987)
Upended (1988)
Television plays
Big Time (as 'J. MacReady', with Julian Pepper; 1961)
No Licence for Singing (Armchair Theatre; 1961)
Too Old for Donkeys (ITV Playhouse; 1963)
I Can Walk Where I Like, Can't I? (ITV Play of the Week; 1964)
Between the Two of Us (ITV Play of the Week; 1965)
Ella (Thirty-Minute Theatre; 1966)
Stan's Day Out (Theatre 625; 1967)
The Drummer and the Bloke (The Wednesday Play; 1968)
Henry the Incredible Bore (For Amusement Only; 1968)
Evelyn (Play for Today; 1971)
The Foxtrot (Play for Today; 1971)
Thrills Galore (Thirty-Minute Theatre; 1972)
The Withered Arm (Wessex Tales; 1973)
The Joke (BBC2 Playhouse; 1974)
The Cafeteria (BBC2 Playhouse; 1974)
Buffet (Play for Today; 1976)
Getting in on Concorde (ITV Playhouse; 1979)
Passing Through (BBC2 Playhouse; 1982)
Legacy
Of Rhys Adrian's 32 radio plays, only 13 exist in the BBC archive. The surviving pieces were largely sourced from off-air recordings. Many of their television plays also no longer exist. In February 2010, BBC Radio 7 broadcast several of Adrian's plays to mark the twentieth anniversary of their death. The plays were Evelyn, Buffet, No Charge for the Extra Service, The Clerks, Passing Through and Passing Time.
Sources
Best Radio Plays of 1982 (Methuen; 1983)
John Drakakis (Ed.), British Radio Drama (Cambridge University Press; 1981)
John Russell Taylor, Anger and After (Penguin; 1963)
External links
Rhys Adrian at the BFI screenonline
The Diversity Website contains much information on Adrian's work, including broadcast dates and synopses for selected plays.
The British Television Drama Website includes essays on several of Adrian's contributions to Play for Today.
1928 births
1990 deaths
British male screenwriters
Prix Italia winners
20th-century English dramatists and playwrights
English male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century English male writers
20th-century British screenwriters
West Dakota is a drag queen based in Brooklyn, New York. They were crowned Mr(s) Brooklyn at Brooklyn's largest drag pageant in 2016 and Drag Queen of the Year at the Brooklyn Nightlife Awards in 2019. West Dakota hosts a weekly drag performance, Oops!, along with drag queens Chiquitita (née HaraJuku) and Magenta. In 2020, West Dakota along with mentor Merrie Cherry, Ceyenne Doroshow, Raquel Willis, the family of Iyanna Dior, and several black and transgender community organizations (Marsha P. Johnson Institute, The Okra Project, and Black Trans Femmes in the Arts) organized one of the largest silent marches in recent New York history.
Early life and education
In 2016, West Dakota graduated from Columbia University with a fine arts degree. Cindy Sherman and Nadia Lee Cohen are among the contemporary artists that have inspired them drag.
Work
After graduating from Columbia University, West Dakota made their first drag appearance in the fall of 2016. Intimidated at first after only four months of performing at various venues, they were crowned Mr(s) Brooklyn.
In 2019, West Dakota appeared in Document magazine's video Othered: the queer future of Asian-American identity. Along with stylist Paul Bui, pop star K Rizz, and Brooklyn-based DJ NK Badtz Maru, the video explored the lives of queer, trans, and non-binary Asians in culture and the media. They also performed at Opening Ceremony's Spring 2019 fashion show with a rendition of “Bassically” by Tei Shi with several other drag queens. West Dakota appeared at Bubble_T's 2020 Lunar New Years Party, a nightlife party for queer Asians in New York.
In 2020, West Dakota and fellow nightlife drag queen, Chiquitita (née HaraJuku), began hosting an online version of their collaborate weekly drag performance, Oops!. The show typically takes place at The Rosemont in Brooklyn and is co-hosted with Magenta and Crystal Mesh. After conversations with drag queen Merry Cherry about the George Floyd protests and police killing and brutality of Black transgender people, including Tony McDade, Nina Pop, and Iyanna Dior, West Dakota proposed a silent march along with community activists and organizers Raquel Willis, Ceyenne Doroshow, the family of Layleen Polanco, Fran Tirado, and Mohammed Fayaz. An estimated 15,000 attended the march which began on the steps if Grand Army Plaza.
West Dakota has modeled for Gypsy Sport, James Veloria, and Milk Makeup.
References
Living people
American drag queens
People from Brooklyn
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lyubimov or Lubimov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Lyubimova or Lubimova. It may refer to:
Alexander Lubimov (1879–1955), Russian realist painter and illustrator
Alexei Lubimov (born 1944), Russian pianist, fortepianist and harpsichordist
Lev Lyubimov (1902–1976), Russian journalist, writer and art historian
Mikhail Lyubimov (born 1934), Russian novelist and retired KGB colonel
Nadezhda Lyubimova (born 1959), Russian rower
Pavel Lyubimov (1938–2010), Russian film director and screenwriter
Yuri Lyubimov (1917–2014), Russian stage actor and director
Russian-language surnames
Kid Kilowatt was an American rock supergroup formed in 1996 and dissolved in 1997, including members of Cave In, Converge and Piebald. They wrote only one album, Guitar Method, first released by Second Nature Recordings in 2003.
Stephen Brodsky described the band as their "little softie rock outlet from the metal of Cave In", giving a sound "much mellower" than that of the members' main projects.
History
Kid Kilowatt was initially created as "Ester of Wood Rosin" by Cave In's Steve Brodsky in August 1996, "inspired by [his] love for Giants Chair and [his] need for an alter-ego to Cave In". They recruited Adam McGrath, also of Cave In, on bass guitar, local drummer Matt Redmond and Piebald guitarist and vocalist Aaron Stuart. Brodsky took the role of guitarist and lead vocalist, and with this line-up they, in the words of Brodsky, "began to formulate some good ol' sappy-but-not-too-sappy rock n' roll tunes".
They wrote the first material destined for Guitar Method within the first few months, including "Teg Nugent" and "the original, 9 minute long opus version" of "Tug of War". In Autumn 1996, they recorded a four-song demo with Kurt Ballou at their 8-track home studio, GodCity. Brodsky hand-crafted the demo inserts in their high school graphic arts room, and about 400 copies of the demo were pressed. According to Brodsky, they were "gone in no time". In Spring 1997, Aaron Stuart left the band in order to concentrate on their primary project, Piebald. Kurt Ballou, of Converge, who had recorded and produced their prior 4-track demo, joined the band in their stead, and they renamed the band "Kid Kilowatt". The name was inspired by a Guided by Voices song entitled "Cool Off Kid Kilowatt", from their 1993 album Vampire on Titus.
Now with Ballou as a full-time member, the band re-developed songs written Stuart, including "The Bicycle Song", "7th Inning Song Formation", "The Scope", "Peeping Tomboy" and "Red Carpet", and resumed writing with "Radio Pow for Now". In their first show as Kid Kilowatt, they performed with Brodsky's "heroes", Giants Chair, in their home town of Methuen, Massachusetts. For the following six or seven months, all the band members were prepossessed with other musical projects, resulting in infrequent rehearsal and intermittent live performance. They did play live during this period, however, performing with bands including Piebald, Jejune, and Regulator Watts.
They recorded as Kid Kilowatt only once before the official demise of the band, in July 1997. During this session, they recorded "Bicycle Song" and "The Scope" on Ballou's 8-track machine; this version of "Bicycle Song" appeared on Hydra Head Records CD sampler Volume 1.
After Brodsky joined Converge, whilst still a member of Cave In, in 1997, the amount of time being devoted to Kid Kilowatt began to wane. Matt Redmond had moved to New Hampshire also, causing "enthusiasm for the band to fizzle". They played what would be their last show in January 1998 at the Met Cafe in Providence, Rhode Island. Soon after that show, Brodsky left Converge in order to devote all their time to Cave In, now as, not only the guitarist, but as the vocalist. McGrath and Ballou continued their duties with Cave In and Converge, respectively, and Redmond joined a new band called Eulcid. As Brodsky eulogises: "There was simply no time left in our schedules for Kid Kilowatt and the band collapsed".
In November 1998, the band decided to try to record everything they had written as a band. Recording continued at GodCity until October 1999, occurring "completely sporadically; a week night here and there, maybe a full day during one weekend of a month or two". Brodsky describes this as "quite evident from the sound of the record". During these sessions, new material was composed, including "Memorial Drive", "Glass of Shattered Youth", "Cadence for a Rainy Day" and "Cadence for the Desert Sun". The last Kid Kilowatt song ever recorded was the album version of "Tug of War". The record was mastered at M-works in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Members
Kurt Ballou – guitar
Stephen Brodsky – guitar, vocals
Adam McGrath – bass
Matt Redmond – drums
Aaron Stuart – guitar
Discography
EPs
Hit Single (2001)
Albums
Guitar Method (2004)
References
Musical groups established in 1996
Musical groups disestablished in 1997
Rock music supergroups
The Zaraysk Kremlin is a rectangular fortified citadel, built at the behest of Vasili III of Moscow between 1528 and 1531. The town of Zaraysk is located between Moscow and Ryazan.
History
Novogorodok-upon-the-Osyotr (later renamed Zaraysk) became part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow when the Principality of Ryazan lost its independence in 1503. Till that point, Ryazan had provided a protective buffer for Muscovy against potential attacks from the nomadic Tatars in the south.
Just two years after completion in 1531, the new stone-walled kremlin found itself under attack from Crimean Tartars. There was another attack in 1541 from forces under the Crimean khan Sahib I Giray, which was beaten off by Nazar Glebov. Further attacks by Crimean Tartars took place 1544, in 1570, 1573 and 1591.
In the 17th century, the growing settlement near the fortress acquired the name Zaraysk. In 1608, during the Time of Troubles, the kremlin fell into the hands of Polish invaders under the leadership of Aleksander Józef Lisowski, but was subsequently liberated by Dmitry Pozharsky. The last attack from Crimean Tartars was documented in 1673. After this episode the fortress was placed under the protection of the icon of the Theotokos of Kazan.
In 1681 Czar Feodor III authorized the rebuilding of the St. Nicholas Cathedral to replace the existing timber structure which had fallen into disrepair. During the eighteenth century, Zaraysk lost its strategic importance with the opening up of new trade routes. At the start of the twentieth century it was decided to rebuild the Church of the beheading of St John the Baptist (Церковь Иоанна Предтечи) (ru). Less than twenty years later, with a new secular political régime calling the shots from Moscow, the entire Kremlin enclosure was redefined as a museum complex in 1918. During the Great Patriotic War the town was near the frontline, but the Zaraysk Kremlin emerged undamaged.
Between 1987 and 1993 the complex benefitted from extensive restoration work, commissioned by the Moscow-based Department for Cultural Assets, but the restoration work remains incomplete following the withdrawal of funding. In 1998 a new "Museum of the Kremlin of Zaraysk" was established, containing a range of artefacts from Russia, western Europe, China and Japan.
Description
The Zaraysk Kremlin is conceptually similar to other Russian kremlins of its time, including the Moscow Kremlin constructed a few decades earlier. Its 2.4-hectare footprint is smaller than that of the other surviving medieval kremlins, however. It is positioned high on the eastern river bank opposite the confluence of the Osyotr and Oka Rivers. When it was built it was intended purely as a defensive outpost of the Grand Duchy of Moscow, to guard in particular against the frequent attacks from the Tartars. It was one of several strongholds along the course of the Oka which together comprised what came to be known as the Great Abatis Line.
One source identifies the architect of the Kremlin as Aloisio the New, better known for their numerous commissions in Moscow. Others assert that, as with most Russian fortifications outside Moscow, there is no surviving record of the name of the architect of the Kremlin at Zaraysk, and there is no surviving record of Aloisio having still been alive in the 1530s. The lay-out of the citadel follows the tradition of old Russian fortification buildings. The relatively small Zaraysk Kremlin has walls than are high and up to meters thick, constructed of brick and limestone blocks. Seven watch towers are incorporated in the walls including four twelve-sided corner towers. The other three towers, positioned midway along the northern, western and southern walls, include robust entrance gates into the kremlin. All the towers incorporate gun openings, designed so that artillery pieces can be directed against attackers outside or, with the guns turned round, inside the kremlin walls.
Within the walls two historical church buildings survive, both built very much more recently than the Kremlin itself. The St. Nicholas Cathedral (Никольский собор), topped off with no fewer than five onion domes, was built in 1681, replacing an earlier timber structure. Nearby is the Church of the beheading of St John the Baptist, architecturally very different, consecrated in 1821 and most recently rebuilt in 1901-1904. While the St. Nicholas Cathedral follows the traditional Russian style, the John the Baptist Church, with its single dome, follows neoclassical principles.
Archaeology
Outside the kremlin wall is an Upper Paleolithic (Gravettian) site which has revealed a bison figurine and two mammoth ivory Venus figurines. The finds are exhibited at the Zaraysk Kremlin museum.
References
Forts in Russia
Kremlins
Buildings and structures in Moscow Oblast
Cultural heritage monuments of federal significance in Moscow Oblast
Aspergillus deflectus is a species of fungus in the genus Aspergillus. It produces a group of antimicrobial chemical compounds known as deflectins. Aspergillus deflectus is in rare cases pathogenic. It is from the Usti section.
Growth and morphology
A. deflectus has been cultivated on both Czapek yeast extract agar (CYA) plates and Malt Extract Agar Oxoid (MEAOX) plates. The growth morphology of the colonies can be seen in the pictures below.
References
Further reading
deflectus
Fungi described in 1955
The Iglesia de Nuestra Señora del Carmen (Spanish for Church of Our Lady of Mount Carmel) is a catholic parish church in the city of Santa Tecla, La Libertad Department, El Salvador. It was completed in 1914 in a neo-gothic style.
History
The construction of the church was conducted in very specific phases, many of which are attributable to the priest in charge of the church at a given time.
1856–1891: León de Jesús Castillo
In 1855, one year after the city of Nueva San Salvador was founded, Colonel León Castillo started constructing a church dedicated to the Lady of El Carmen. León Castillo had been active in armies under the command of General Francisco Morazán.
Records refer to them as a courageous soldier. Their military career had been characterised by their commitment to liberal reform, something illustrated with their involvement in the expulsion of religious orders from El Salvador and the expropriation of churches since 1829, which is the year in which the liberal revolution began in Central America. The legend says that in 1840, León Castillo was injured during combat in Guatemala and managed to crawl to Iglesia del Carmen del Cerrito, where they promised to the Lady of El Carmen that if they saved their lives, they would work their whole life to propagate their faith and they would build a temple for them They were taken care of by the priest Antonio Larrazabal, and they lived in the temple for almost two years. Colonel Castillo was instructed in Catholic faith and sciences, before they finally could return to El Salvador.
León Castillo fulfilled their promise of reconstructing the chapel of Our Lady of El Carmen in the Church of la Merced in San Salvador after the earthquake of 1854. When a new capital was established in Nueva San Salvador after this earthquake, León Castillo decided to erect the church of their dreams in the new city.
Bishop Miguel Pineda y Saldaña and León Castillo chose a location for the church in the north of the city, near the current Belén school. The construction of this chapel started 9 August 1856. When the construction was well under way, León Castillo received an image of the Lady of El Carmen from Luis Batres, a friend who lived in Guatemala. This image was blessed and placed in the modest church by 11 April 1860. This building did not end up becoming Castillo's dream temple. They would have to wait and work hard to secure a larger piece of land elsewhere in the city and also obtain the necessary funding to build the church they wanted.
The war of 1863 compelled León Castillo to suspend construction to care for the wounded and the sick. They had also been working against the liberals to avoid the seminary next to Iglesia Concepción to be closed down and to prevent the forced emigration of the clerics.
When the war ended, the Bishop helped Colonel Castillo restart the work of Iglesia Concepción. The sacristy was built, as well as two aisles parallel to the central aisle and the belfry. The walls in the ends and on the sides were made of talpetate and brick. The construction of the belfry was initiated and three bells were placed on the top. An entrance was also built under the belfry that led to the monastery of Capuchin friars. The first Capuchin priests arrived in the middle of 1864 and they were provisionally placed in the seminary of Iglesia Concepción.
In 1866 Bishop Saldaña gave the unfinished church to the Capuchin order. The new owners gave the temple the name of Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Belén, which was inaugurated on 1 March.
Construction of the current Iglesia del Carmen
In 1871, León Castillo acquired more land to the north of the main plaza in the city in 3rd Street-West. They decided to construct the temple they had dreamed of here. For this, they needed to acquire more land and gradually they managed to purchase it from the landowners of the area. First from Don Gregorio Valle on 16 September 1873; then from Don Esteban Vásquez on 17 September; from Don Manuel Dubón Rodríguez on 20 October 1874; and finally, a fourth piece of land from Don Tomás Dubón on 17 November 1877. The Iglesia del Carmen ended up being a bit larger than 5,000 square metres.
The ecclesiastical license to build the new temple was granted by the episcopal edict on 23 November 1876. The one to set the first stone was Bishop Luis Cárcamo y Rodríguez on 27 November 1878. The construction was financed mostly by donations and raffles. León Castillo managed to maintain construction work uninterruptedly. The Colonel died on 16 November 1891 and their body was buried under the first window of the left aisle.
1892–1894: PP. Bernal y Argueta
Bishop Antonio Pérez y Aguilar, who later became an archbishop, ordered Father Juan José Bernal to continue construction work on the church and also named them its chaplain. After two years of work, the central aisle was completely renovated. Father José E. Argueta was named the new chaplain of the church in 1883. Father Argueta continued leading the construction work. In 1894, the left chapel was finished and it was dedicated to the Sacred Family and to the Sacred Heart of Jesus.
1894–1916: P. José María López-Peña
Father José María López-Peña made considerable changes of notable artistic quality in the main aisle of the church. They decided to make the roof of the central aisle higher, following the Gothic style. Father López Peña also ordered the construction of a bigger and newer image of Our Lady of El Carmen. They paid the artist 175 silver pesos. This image was placed over the primitive main altar. In 1897 the sacristy was inaugurated. In 1898 the right chapel was opened and dedicated to the Holy Trinity and Divine Providence. These were represented with the most valuable sculptures in the church, which were an inheritance from the colonial period and had been kept in San Salvador in Iglesia San Francisco which was demolished during the earthquake of 1873. The chapel of the Holy Trinity and Divine Providence was almost entirely financed by the contributions of Beatriz Orantes de Estévez, the Gallardo Family, and Doña Concha Morales Villaseñor.
In 1899 Father López-Peña commissioned Pascasio González to decorate the most visible part of the main altar, and to do so in an imitation of the Gothic style. In 1900 the brick pavement was opened and the new altar was inaugurated on 16 July. The old altar was moved to the chapel of the Sacred Family where the image of the Sacred Heart of Jesus was installed. In June 1904 decoration works were concluded in the chapel of the Holy Trinity. The convent on the north or the temple was also completed. In the end of the same year the zinc and wooden constructions of the facade were finished and also the towers designed by Jose Jerez. The carpenter Luz Molina and the artist José Ruiz accepted to direct the work charging no honoraries for their contribution.
In 1941 the chaplain José Jerez became dissatisfied with the work in wood and they ambitiously redesigned the facade and towers. These plans never materialised, but the drawings have been conserved. José Jerez intentions were to construct a fabulous Gothic temple in stone and cement.
The last part of the temple in 1904 was built under the direction of a board composed of well known personalities in Santa Tecla These personalities were: Enriqueta Fajardo de Araujo, Carmen Estévez, Gertrudis Orellana, Isabel Morales, Juana Olivares Saldaña, Josefina Alcaine and Rosalía Chavez.
In 1910 the church's facade was completed. The bronze image of the Lady of El Carmen was dedicated 25 March. The artwork was donated by Recaredo Gallardo and their wife, Carmen Alvarado de Gallardo. Painting inside the sanctuary was concluded in 1913.
This concluded the construction work started 37 years earlier by León Castillo. Father López-Peña made further efforts to expand the convent; they eventually gave it to priests of the Society of Jesus, who have been responsible for the church since. From that point forward, a Jesuit priest has always been the chaplain of the church.
The arrival of the Jesuits
When the necessary canonical authorizations were granted, the priests of the Society of Jesus received the church and residence of El Carmen in January 1916. The sanctuary had to be repaired a little over a year later due to an earthquake. The painting and artistic restoration was performed by brother Frías S.J.  They are the same artist who painted the image of the Lady of Guadalupe in the Gothic altar of the Salesian workshops of the School of Arts and Trades in Santa Tecla. The crucified Christ of the altar and the screen of the main gate as well as the confessional booths and pulpit were carved in these workshops.
The earthquakes of 2001
On 13 January and 11 February 2001, the territory of El Salvador was struck by two powerful earthquakes of 7.7 and 6.1 magnitudes in the Richter scale. These events completely damaged Iglesia del Carmen, prompting the Society of Jesus to initiate plans to raise funds to demolish the existing structure and begin building a new church. Public authorities in El Salvador have reportedly delayed this procedure because they want to make sure that the structures of the church cannot be rescued before they authorize the demolition of this cultural and historical milestone of Nueva San Salvador. The "El Carmen Project" is a non-profit foundation that has been set up by Universidad Centroamericana "José Simeón Cañas" to attract and administer donations for the reconstruction of the church.
References
External links
http://www.uca.edu.sv/elcarmen/
Roman Catholic churches in El Salvador
Churches in San Salvador
Jumaa Saeed (born 13 September 1992) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
References
1992 births
Living people
Ivorian footballers
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Espérance Sportive de Tunis players
Al Ain FC players
Al-Nahda Club (Oman) players
Al Salmiya SC players
Kuwait SC players
Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 players
UAE Pro League players
Oman Professional League players
Kuwait Premier League players
Association football forwards
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Ivory Coast international footballers
"The One Where Ross Is Fine" is the second episode of Friends tenth season. It first aired on the NBC network in the United States on October 2, 2003.
Plot
Rachel and Joey think Ross might have problems with their new relationship, but Ross assures them they are fine. Ross invites Rachel and Joey on a double-date with them and Charlie. They agree, but Ross gets drunk during the awkward date. Joey stays with Ross overnight to make sure they are okay and they talk. Ross realizes that they have been apart from Rachel for so long that they should not stop Joey and Rachel's relationship. They do give Joey their blessing even though it still hurts him, because they should see where the relationship is going.
Monica and Chandler are having trouble figuring out the adoption process, so Phoebe sends them to a couple who have adopted. Monica and Chandler meet them and Monica instantly gets along with the woman (Kellie Waymire); however later Chandler casually mentions to their son (Daryl Sabara) that they were adopted only to find out that they did not know about it. Chandler also reveals that Santa is not real. The couple then kick out Monica and Chandler after finding out about both things, and about Chandler trying to bribe him.
Phoebe hangs out with their brother Frank (Giovanni Ribisi) and their triplets. The kids are driving Frank crazy and they offer Phoebe one of them. They come to the realization that they could not possibly give up any of the children so Phoebe offers to babysit so Frank and Alice will have more time to relax. The episode ends with Chandler accidentally revealing to the triplets that Phoebe gave birth to them; embarrassed, they leaf to tell Emma they were an accident.
Reception
In the original broadcast, the episode was viewed by 22.38 million viewers. Sam Ashurst from Digital Spy ranked the episode #5 on their ranking of the 236 Friends episodes. Telegraph & Argus ranked the episode #17 on their ranking of all 236 Friends episodes.
References
2003 American television episodes
Friends (season 10) episodes
Petalonema alatum is a cyanobacterium. It was first described and drawn by the Scottish author Dugald Carmichael under the taxonomic name Oscillatoria allata in 1826. In 1833, Miles Joseph Berkeley re-published it under its current name Petalonema alatum. P. alatum produces a slime-like mucopolysaccharide in the form of interlocking slime funnels. The structure looks like a quill under the light microscope, which is where the species gets its name "alatum", meaning quill. These slime envelopes are up to 270 μm wide in diameter and are therefore visible by the naked eye as filiform formations ("nema" = floss). The habitats for this filamentous cyanobacterium are mainly wet limestone walls and creates together with other bacteria, microalgae, bryophytes and micromycets gray or gray-brown biofilms. Populations of P. alatum have specialized cells - yellow heterocytes to bind atmospheric nitrogen which are in colour contrast to vegetative blue-green/turquoise cells in filamentous thallus.
References
Nostocales
Bacteria described in 1826
Steven Vandeput (born 30 March 1967 in Hasselt) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
In October 2014 they became the Minister of Defence in the Michel Government. They were succeeded by Sander Loones on 12 November 2018 since Vandeput will become the next mayor of Hasselt on 1 January 2019.
Notes
1967 births
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
People from Hasselt
Belgian Ministers of Defence
21st-century Belgian politicians
Mayors of places in Belgium
Solomonica (Moon) de Winter (born 3 June 1997) is a Dutch writer.  They are the daughter of the writer couple Leon de Winter and Jessica Durlacher.  They are Dutch, but writes in English. They wrote their first book Over the Rainbow when they were 16. This book was published in German as Die Geschichte von Blue, in Dutch as Achter de regenboog and in French as Je m'appelle Blue.
References
1997 births
Living people
21st-century Dutch novelists
People from Bloemendaal
21st-century Dutch women writers
Dutch women novelists
Clancholla is a heritage-listed villa at 25 Ward Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built . It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 12 January 2003.
History
Clancholla is a single storey, timber house constructed by 1922 in Ward Street, The Range, for Stuart MacDonald and family. The Athelstane Range area, overlooking Rockhampton, was much sought after by many of Rockhampton's affluent families as a location in which to construct their prominent residences.
Clancholla was owned by descendants of Peter Fitzallan MacDonald (1830-1919). MacDonald arrived in Rockhampton 1858 after being attracted by the Canoona gold rush. They found riches in pastoral land instead and established important social and economic connections in the surrounding districts. After their initial exploration and pastoral pioneering phase, MacDonald and their wife came to Yaamba in 1861, which became their headquarters and the family home on the Fitzroy River. MacDonald used pastoral exploration and speculation in runs to assist in financing their permanent stations, Fernlees at Springsure, and Columbra on the Mackenzie River. These two stations were to remain in the MacDonald family well into the 20th century. Like their father PF MacDonald, Stuart MacDonald was also a pastoralist, running "Highland Plains", at Capella.
By the 1890s the majority of Rockhampton's houses, from gentlemen's residences to the more humble workers cottages, were built of timber on high wooden stumps. This evolution in local housing to accommodate the region's tropical climatic conditions included verandahs as an integral part of all older Rockhampton houses. Many of these houses also had wooden lattice panels to filter the bright sunlight, as well as to ensure a degree of privacy.
From the 1890s to the time of World War II, most Rockhampton houses also possessed spacious living areas with dining and sitting rooms, separated by open archways that were often bordered with intricate fretwork designs produced by local skilled craftsmen. In this period very few houses built had open fireplaces and chimneys, although Clancholla exhibits a centrally placed chimney.
The construction of prominent residences, particularly in the Athelstane Range area, reflected the wealth and status of prominent pastoral families, reflected in the construction of prominent residences highlighting elevated social status and economic success. Prominent pastoral families often maintained a town residence, and this is the case with the MacDonald family. Many South Sea Islanders, predominantly from Joskeleigh (Sand Hills) worked for the MacDonald's as domestics, both in town and at "Highland Plains". South Sea Islanders, Doris Leo, Mabel Yow Yeh, Rose Warcon, Ruth Parter, Laurel Parter and Sibble Youse were all employed at some time from the 1940s. When the family came to Rockhampton to Clancholla, the South Sea Islander domestics were usually asked to return with them to town.
In 1906, Stuart MacDonald purchased Kenmore House, in Ward Street, following the death of its owner, John Ferguson. Built for Ferguson in , Kenmore has been described as the grandest mansion ever to be built in Rockhampton. The MacDonald's owned Kenmore for some years but considered it to be too large for use as a private home and sold it in 1915 to the Sisters of Mercy. The Sisters of Mercy later established the Mater Misericordiae Hospital in the building.
The sale of Kenmore to the Sisters of Mercy comprised three and a half acres in which the residence stood, including the whole of the gardens and the tennis court. A lower paddock was retained by the MacDonald family on which Clancholla was constructed by .
Integral to the significance of Clancholla is its remnant garden elements. Characteristic of the Queen Anne architectural style are picturesque gardens, reflecting the garden suburb concept. The garden at Clancholla was a significant aesthetic feature of the property.
A description of it was included in an article, 'Rockhampton's Attractive Gardens No.13', in the Evening News on 16 March 1939. In the article the MacDonald's garden was described as being "planted for permanency", with beds composed of trees, shrubs, and climbers, and perennial varieties of flowers including geraniums, gerberas, and salvias. The choice of vegetation was described as a wise one as the MacDonald's permanent home was at "Highland Plains" at Capella. The MacDonald's visited Rockhampton periodically and the garden was not always under their "immediate supervision".
The lay out of the garden was described as formal, with symmetrical round or square beds and broad drives between. Also described was the (still extant) centre piece of oval lawn directly opposite the front entrance, around which on one side swept a wide path back to the entrance gate, and on the other through an archway of Thomasi and Lateritia Bougainvilleas. Fruit trees at the rear of the grounds included mangoes, custard apples, and persimmons.
The MacDonald family sold Clancholla in December 2012.
Description
Clancholla is a single storey timber residence with a terracotta tiled roof, set on timber stumps surrounded by timber lattice work. Set amongst mature gardens, including pines, figs and jacarandas along the Ward Street side and to the rear of the house, with other plantings along western boundary, Clancholla addresses a circular driveway with large, centrally featured palms. The driveway sweeps around to the large timber garage at the rear of the property. Mature figs and mango trees are located at the rear of the property.
Clancholla is roughly L-shaped in plan with a projecting entrance porch perpendicular to the street and wide verandahs. The roof gables have decorative timber bargeboards and terracotta finial details.
A panelled, timber entrance door, with stained glass and leadlight fanlight and breezeway assembly, leads to the entrance foyer. The foyer opens to the large open living area. In this area the vertically joined timber walls are stained up to picture rail height and above this, the timber panelled ceiling is painted white. Windows, both casement and sash, with stained glass and leadlight details are located throughout the length of the space. An open, squared archway leads to the dining room. The archway comprises paired, timber columns with moulded capitals supporting a moulded architrave.
On the southern and eastern sides of the house, several paired timber doors with stained glass and leadlight details open to the verandah. On the southern side, the verandah is enclosed with timber framed casement windows, while the eastern side is enclosed with timber louvres. The sloping verandah ceiling is lined with horizontally joined timber.
Three rooms with timber panelled ceilings are located on the western side of the house. In each room, French doors open out to the verandah on both the southern and northern sides, which, like the eastern side, are enclosed with timber louvres, while the ceiling is lined with horizontally joined timber.
At the western end of the verandah, French doors open to a large bedroom with a timber framed bay window (casements). The room, similarly to the open living and dining room, has a timber panelled ceiling.
The kitchen, located in the north-eastern section of the house, has vertically joined timber walls with a horizontally joined timber ceiling. The kitchen opens to the open, north-eastern end of the verandah. The eastern end of this section of the verandah is enclosed, with remnant ripple iron lining the walls, to accommodate bathroom facilities.
A laundry, with extant copper enclosed in brick with a brick chimney, is located in the eastern side of the house.
A tennis court is located to the west of the house and a double timber garage with gabled roof is located in the south-west corner of the property.
Heritage listing
Clancholla was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 12 January 2003 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The wealth and status of pastoral families was often highlighted in the construction of prominent residences in sought after areas in town, highlighting elevated social status and economic success.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
Clancholla is significant in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a class of place in its adaptation in the Queensland timber house. With its asymmetrical massing and ensemble of various roof shapes; Marseilles pattern terracotta roof tiles; prominent gable facing Ward Street; prominent timber gable screen and terracotta gable accessories and wide veranda with timber posts and brackets; as well as its remnant formal garden elements, including circular driveway with a formal garden arrangement, Clancholla is a fine example of a domestic building constructed with elements of the Queen Anne architectural style. In its extant form Clancholla exhibits a sophisticated refinement to Queensland's timber housing tradition and remains one of Rockhampton's distinctive homes.
Internally, Clancholla is highly intact with stained timber interiors with decorative mouldings; stained glass and leadlight windows and marble fireplace.
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Clancholla is significant for its strong aesthetic characteristics, particularly for its contribution to the residential streetscape of the Athelstane Range, an area noted for its many prominent residences including Killin (later the Yungaba Migrant Hostel), Kenmore House (now the Mater Misericordiae Hospital, Killowen and the Rudd Residence.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
Clancholla is significant for its association with the MacDonald family, a prominent Central Queensland pastoral family, descended from PF MacDonald who first arrived in the Rockhampton area in 1858. Clancholla is still in the ownership of the MacDonald family.
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
The Range, Queensland
Houses in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
George Holloway may refer to:
Bud Holloway (born 1988), Canadian ice hockey player
Lofty Holloway, fictional character from EastEnders
George Holloway (politician) (1825–1892), British Member of Parliament for Stroud
George Holloway (cricketer) (1884–1966), English cricketer
Aïn Séfra (, lit. yellow spring) is a municipality in Naâma Province, Algeria. It is the district seat of Aïn Séfra District and it has a population of 47,415, which gives it 11 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 45200 and its municipal code is 4503. It is the second most populated municipality in the province after Mécheria.
History
The Ksar of Aïn-Séfra was erected around the year 1586 by the children of Mohamed Benchaïb, known as Bou Dekhil, patron saint of the city, after the purchase of the land from local tribes against 1000 sheep, according to the tales of oral tradition.
French Period
During the first French incursions in the middle of the 19th century, the majority of "Chorfa" families left the ksar as refugees, mainly to Tlemcen and Fez.
The modern city dates back to the French colonial era. Initially, in 1882, a strategic military garrison post consequent to the revolt of Sheikh Bouamama left their bastion of Figuig. French troops have instead established a military post at the site of Aïn-Séfra, to control "The Gateway to the Sahara". A railway reached Aïn-Séfra as early as 1887, and it extended to Bechar and Kenadsa in 1906, both for economic and strategic reasons.
During the colonial period, it was an important sub-prefecture and a military territory, but also a region of cultural, economic and political importance. The region where Aïn-Séfra is located was one of the bastions of the popular resistance against the French colonial conquest, south of Oran.
Climate
Aïn Séfra has a cold arid climate (Köppen BWk) with hot to sweltering summers and, owing to its elevation, cool to relatively cold winters, despite its location in the Sahara Desert.
Snow has been recorded on rare occasions. It lightly snowed on 18 February 1979, for the first time in recorded history, and again in the winters of 2016/2017 and 2017/2018. An unusual blizzard hit the area on 20 January 2017, dumping snow in the municipality up to a meter thick in some places. This was the largest snowfall in residents' memories and caused travel disruptions due to iced roads.
Demographics
Customs
Traditional wedding custom
Traditionally wedding parties took place over 7 days. Nowadays, weddings last a maximum of 3 days.
For the first lunch, the relatives are invited for a meal with "merga" (dish in sauce). Subsequently, a couscous is served to the guests for the following meals.
Throughout the wedding, the bride would not leave their new home. Once the marriage ceremony was over, they would take their bucket, go out to fill it at the source and bring it home. Meanwhile, the groom would buy fruit and vegetables at the market without bags or baskets. They would then carry them in their burnous and give them to the bride, who would then give them to the cooks.
See also
Isabelle Eberhardt
References
Communes of Naâma Province
1881 establishments in Algeria
Paolo Malco (born 10 April 1947) is an Italian film actor, best known for their roles in horror films, and later in many Italian TV mini-series.
From 1998 to 2006 they were cast in the drama Incantesimo.
Filmography
1973: Number one - Teddy Garned
1974: Noa Noa - Williams
1974: The Sinful Nuns of Saint Valentine - Esteban
1974: Young Lucrezia - Juan de Candia Borgia
1975–1976: La traccia verde (TV Mini-Series) - John Ginsberg
1977: I Am Afraid - Caligari
1977: Il gatto dagli occhi di giada - Carlo
1977: Where the ravens fly silver
1979: Return of the Saint (TV Series) - Assassin
1979: Dolly sex blonde
1980: Masoch - Leopold
1981: The Wings of the Dove (TV Mini-Series) - Malcom Densher
1981: The House by the Cemetery - Dr. Norman Boyle
1982: The New York Ripper - Dr. Paul Davis
1982: Scorpion with Two Tails - Mike Grant
1983: Escape from the Bronx - Vice President Hoffman
1983: Thunder Warrior - Brian Sherman
1984: Tuareg - Il guerriero del deserto - Capt. Razman
1985: The Assisi Underground - Paolo Josza
1986: Midnight Killer - Inspector Piero Terzi
1986: Take the moon (TV Movie)
1988: Yellow Rule - Paolo Carbone
1988: La casa Dell'Orco (TV Series) - Tom
1990: Tre colonne in cronaca - Bruno Lachioma
1993: Delitti privati (TV Movie) - Tom
1997: L'avvocato delle donne (TV Mini-Series) - Vittorio Fieschi
1998: Incantesimo (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
1998: Incantesimo 2 (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
2000: Don Matteo (TV Series, first season, the episode entitled The blackmail)
2001: Turbo (TV Series, directed by Antonio Bonifacio) - Giacomo Marconi
2002: Incantesimo 5 (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
2002: The house dell'angelo (TV Movie) - Luca Mayer
2003: Chiaroscuro (TV Movie) - Franceschini
2003: Incantesimo 6 (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
2003: Claras Schatz (TV Movie) - Pietro Pinacoli
2004: Incantesimo 7 (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
2005: Incantesimo 8 (TV Series) - Giuseppe Ansaldi
2006: Un giorno da leone 2 (TV Series)
2007: Barbara Wood: Sturmjahre (TV Movie) - James Morgan
2007: Who would have thought that ... (TV Movie) - Paolo
2007: A Room with a View (TV Movie) - Fabio
2008: Centovetrine (Soap Opera in progress)
External links
References
Living people
1947 births
Italian male actors
Pasha Kola (, also Romanized as Pāshā Kolā) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 104, in 30 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Kavalai Vendam () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Deekay. The film stars Jiiva and Kajal Aggarwal, while Bobby Simha and Sunaina play supporting roles. The film, which is said to be an urban romance "about first love, second chances and relationships", features music composed by Leon James, cinematography by Abinandhan Ramanujam and editing by Suresh. Produced by Elred Kumar, Kavalai Vendam released on 24 November 2016 while its dubbed Telugu version Entha Varaku Ee Prema released on 7 April 2017 to mixed reviews and did average collections.
Cast
Jiiva as Aravind Bhaskar
Kajal Aggarwal as Divya Priyadarshini
Bobby Simha as Arjun
Sunaina as Deepa
Shruthi Ramakrishnan as Shilpa
RJ Balaji as 'Natty' Nataraj
Bala Saravanan as Sathish
Mayilsamy as Dr. Bhaskar ("Busy Kai" Bhaskar), Aravind's father
Madhumitha as Shankari, Aravind's stepmother
Manthra as Divya's mother
Sriranjini as Arjun's mother
Manobala as Pattai Babu
Jyothi Lakshmi as Maya Aunty
Rahul Thatha
Yashika Aannand as Swimming Instructor (Cameo Appearance)
Daniel Annie Pope as Black Thangappa (Cameo Appearance)
VJ Adams as Delivery Boy (Cameo Appearance)
Devipriya as Registrar's Wife (Cameo Appearance)
Production
Following the success of their first collaboration Yaamirukka Bayamey (2014), producer Elred Kumar announced in June 2014 that they had signed on Deekay to make their second film for RS Infotainment. They revealed that the film would also be a "comedy" but a different genre from their earlier horror-comedy film In January 2015, Jiiva and Bobby Simha were reported to be playing the lead roles, with a press release in March 2015 confirming that Jiiva would play the lead role and that Simha would play an extended guest role. Titled Kavalai Vendam, Elred Kumar stated that they would retain music composer S. N. Prasad from their previous film, while bringing in cinematographer Mukesh and editor Ruben. Keerthy Suresh signed on to play the leading female role in March 2015, while Nikki Galrani was added to the cast thereafter for another lead role. A photo shoot featuring Jiiva and Keerthy Suresh was held in June 2015, with promotional stills released to indicate the start of the production phase. However, the film was later postponed and the first schedule was pushed back by six months. The change of dates meant that Keerthy Suresh could not accommodate the film into their schedule, and they were subsequently replaced by Kajal Aggarwal during August 2015. Pre-production works for the film was reported to be back underway in December 2015, with comedians RJ Balaji, Bala Saravanan and Mayilswamy added to the cast. The delays also meant that Nikki Galrani quit the project after committing to work on other films during the period.
The film began its schedule in Coonoor during mid-January 2016, with further changes made to the crew of the film. A press release revealed that Leon James had been brought in to compose the film's soundtrack, while Abinandhan Ramanujam was signed as the cinematographer. Actresses Sunaina and Shruthi Ramakrishnan also joined the team during the first schedule, with Sunaina revealing that they would portray a character who is in love with Jiiva's character. The team shot for a month in Coonoor and Kotagiri, often working for up to fifteen hours a day and by the end of the schedule, Deekay revealed that the film was "sixty percent" complete. The second schedule of the film, initially scheduled for March, was delayed as a result of the 2016 Tamil Nadu elections and as a result, the team restarted work in June 2016 with a song sequence shot in Kotagiri. Further scenes including the climax was shot in Ooty during early July 2016, before the team moved to Chennai to film more scenes. Another song featuring Jiiva and Kajal Aggarwal was shot in Mahabalipuram and on locations on the East Coast Road during the same month, with the makers revealing that the film was "eighty percent" complete.
Release
In August 2016, Elred Kumar announced that the film would release on 7 October 2016 coinciding with the Ayudha Puja holidays in India, but the team consequently chose to postpone the project to avoid competition with other films. During the period, distributor Abinesh Elangovan also purchased the Indian theatrical rights of the film to release through their studio, Abi & Abi Pictures. D. Venkatesh of DV Cine Creations bought the Telugu dubbing rights of the film and subsequently prepared the Telugu version titled Entha Varaku Ee Prema. A first look poster was released through Twitter in early August, while a teaser trailer was released by actor Dhanush two weeks later. Subsequently, in mid-November, Elred Kumar announced a new release date of 24 November and the film began promotional work, with a second teaser trailer being released.
Soundtrack
The film's score and soundtrack is composed by Leon James, with the four songs written by Ko. Sesha. Two singles released prior to the release of the full album; "Un Kadhal Irundhal Pothum" by Armaan Malik and Shashaa Tirupati was released on 17 August 2016, while "En Pulse Yethitu Poriye" featuring vocals from Inno Genga, Andrea Jeremiah, Dinesh Kanagaratnam and Leon James was released on 2 September 2016. The full album released on 17 October 2016, with a further song titled "Née Tholaindhaayo" by Sid Sriram and a reprise of "Un Kadhal Irundhal Podhum" by Vandana Srinivasan unveiled. Upon release, the album won largely positive reviews from critics. Behindwoods.com called it a "beautiful album from Leon James which has compositions of high musical value", while Karthik Srinivasan of Milliblog.com stated "Leon is proving themselves to be a consistent and nifty composer". The dubbed Telugu version of the audio was released in late October 2016 with a music launch event.
References
External links
2016 films
Indian romantic comedy films
Films shot in Ooty
2010s Tamil-language films
2016 romantic comedy films
Chelo's Burden is the second album of the American comics series Love and Rockets by the Hernandez brothers and published in 1986.
The cover of the compilation is by Gilbert Hernandez ("Beto") and the preface by Gary Groth.
Contents
These stories, dated 1982–1986, are, like in the volume #1 Music for Mechanics, still science-fiction oriented, with monsters and extra-terrestrials. The themes of the (Gilbert's) Central-America village of Palomar and (Jaime's) Los Angeles life are more and more present.
Chronology
Previous album: Music for Mechanics <-> Next album: Las Mujeres Perdidas.
Fantagraphics titles
American graphic novels
1986 graphic novels
Pebane District is a district of Zambezia Province in Mozambique.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Zambezia Province
The pound was the currency of South Carolina until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated, supplemented from 1703 by local paper money. Although these notes were denominated in £sd, they were worth less than sterling, with 1 South Carolina shilling = 8d sterling. The first issues were known as "Proclamation Money". They were replaced by the "Lawful Money" issue in 1748, with 1 Lawful shilling = 4⅔ Proclamation shillings.
The State of South Carolina issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars with 1 dollar = 32½ shillings (8 dollars = 13 pounds). The continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at a rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar. (See hyperinflation.)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Newman, Eric P. The Early Paper Money of America. 5th edition. Iola, Wisconsin: Krause Publications, 2008. .
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Pre-statehood history of South Carolina
Economy of South Carolina
Odael Marcos (born 9 March 1973) is a Cuban former handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Glenn Franklin Howerton III (born April 13, 1976) is an American actor, producer and screenwriter.  They are best known for their roles as Dennis Reynolds in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, for which they are also a writer and executive producer, and Jack Griffin in A.P. Bio, as well as the lead role in the short-lived sitcom That '80s Show.
Early life and education
Glenn Franklin Howerton III was born on April 13, 1976 in Japan, the son of American parents Janice and Glenn Franklin Howerton Jr. Their father was a fighter pilot. Almost immediately after their birth, their family moved to Arizona and then New Mexico for a short while. When they were three years old, they moved to the English town of Felixstowe, Suffolk. They subsequently moved to Virginia, followed by South Korea, where they settled in Seoul. When they were 10 years old, their family moved to Alabama. After graduating from Jefferson Davis High School in Montgomery, Alabama, they spent two years at New World School of the Arts of Miami Dade College. They were part of Group 29 of the Juilliard School's Drama Division (19962000), where they graduated with a Bachelor of Fine Arts.
Career
In 2002, Howerton starred as Corey Howard in That '80s Show. They went on to guest star on ER as Dr. Nick Cooper in 2003. They had small roles in the films Must Love Dogs (2005), Serenity (2005), Two Weeks (2006), and The Strangers (2008). They also appeared as a doctor in Crank (2006), and reprised the role in its 2009 sequel, Crank: High Voltage. Howerton is most notably involved in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005–present) as one of the main cast, producer, and director, and has also written numerous episodes. They planned to be executive producing on the comedy show Boldly Going Nowhere with their It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia co-creators, before the show was delayed. Howerton had a recurring voice role on The Cleveland Show as Ernie Krinklesac, as well as recurring roles on the Fox comedy series The Mindy Project and the FX dark comedy series Fargo. They starred in the 2013 comedy film Coffee Town. They also had a bit part as the gun running Dominic, in the 2016 Netflix Original Officer Downe, starring Kim Coates. They also starred in the 2018 NBC comedy A.P. Bio.
Personal life
On September 8, 2009, Howerton married actor Jill Latiano, who guest starred on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia episode "The D.E.N.N.I.S. System", broadcast two months later. Their first son, Miles Robert, was born in 2011. The couple had a second son, Isley Ray, in August 2014.
Howerton has said that they follow a vegan diet "about 95% of the time."
Filmography
Film
Television
Theatre
References
External links
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American television producers
American television writers
American male television writers
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
Male actors from Montgomery, Alabama
Screenwriters from Alabama
1976 births
The Kazakh Naval Forces (, ; ) is the naval warfare branch of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The navy mainly operates on the Caspian Sea and is currently based in the coastal city of Aktau.
The branch currently has a strength of 3,000 personnel and is mainly equipped with patrol crafts, minesweepers and a research vessel.
History
Previously, the Soviet Navy's Caspian Flotilla served in the shores of the Kazakh SSR. Following the Dissolution of the Soviet Union, the fleet shrank, leaving the Kazakh contingent to serve as a basis for the newly formed navy. Kazakhstan's Naval Forces were established in April 1993 as a naval base of the Kazakh Army. The base, which was stationed in Aktau, initially became active in service on August 17, 1996, in spite of Kazakhstan being one of the largest landlocked countries on earth. In July 1999, the naval base became part of the Maritime units of the Border Guard Service of the National Security Committee of Kazakhstan. It became a separate military branch by presidential decree on 7 May 2003. In February 2010, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev, in their position as supreme commander in chief of the entire military, presented the Battle Flag to the Kazakh Navy. The 612th Airbase in Aktau was opened a year later, in 2011.
Structure
The following units form the structure of the Kazakh Navy:
Naval Headquarters
Special Forces Unit
Coastal Artillery
Caspian Flotilla
Border Service of the KNB
1st Naval Division (Bautino)
2nd Naval Division (Bautino)
3rd Naval Division (Atyrau)
Aktau Naval Academy
The Aktau Naval Academy of the Ministry of Defense of Kazakhstan was the main educational institution of the naval forces. It established in March 2001 by order of the national government on the basis of the Vocational Technical School No. 2. which preceded it. It was reorganized into a naval institute on July 10, 2003, effectively upgrading its status as a nationally recognized military school. Graduates of the institute have served in ships and coastal units of the Navy and maritime units of the Border Service of the National Security Committee of the Republic of Kazakhstan. In 2011, the institute was deactivated and liquidated.
Commanders
Rear Admiral (6 November 2008 – 17 July 2009)
Vice Admiral (30 September 2009 – 18 April 2018)
Rear Admiral (18 April 2018 – present)
Naval Equipment
References
Kazakh Naval Forces
Military units and formations established in 1993
Military units and formations established in 2003
Navies by country
Naval forces in the Caspian Sea
Karawari Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. Various Ramu, Arafundi (Upper Yuat), and Sepik languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Masandanai
02. Kaiwaria
03. Manjamai
04. Konmei
05. Ambonwari
06. Imanmeri (Nanubae language speakers)
07. Kanjimei
08. Kundiman
09. Yimas (Yimas language speakers)
10. Awim (Tapei language speakers)
11. Yamandim (Nanubae language and Tapei language speakers)
12. Imboin (Andai language speakers)
13. Amongabi
14. Chimbut
15. Sikalum
16. Yanitabak
17. Latoma (Sumariup language speakers)
18. Malamata
19. Kotkot
20. Mamri
21. Sangriman
22. Tungimbit
23. Kambraman
24. Kraimbit
25. Kaningara (Kaningra language speakers)
26. Govanmas
27. Anganambai
28. Tarakai
29. Meska
30. Bisorio
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying: The Dastard's Guide to Fame and Fortune is a humorous 1952 book by Shepherd Mead. It inspired a successful 1961 musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, which was made into a movie in 1967.
Description
The book is a satire of an instructional manual, very similar in form and subject matter to Stephen Potter's Gamesmanship. How to Succeed satirizes office life in the United States in the guise of a self-help book. Its subtitle is "The Dastard's Guide to Fame and Fortune".
Inspiration
How to Succeed was inspired by Mead's corporate experiences at the Benton & Bowles advertising agency, which they joined in 1936 as a mail-room clerk, eventually working their way up to a vice-presidency. During their journey up the corporate ladder, Mead wrote the book in their spare time—before work and on weekends. The book was a best-seller.
Musical adaptation
In 1961, the book was adapted into a musical by Dr. Jacob Weinstock and Willie Gilbert. To successfully bring the piece to Broadway, the renowned Abe Burrows was brought in as co writer, and Frank Loesser was brought in to write the music. The musical differs significantly from the book. It satirizes Mead's own career by depicting the rise of eager young J. Pierrepont Finch, a window-washer who joins a huge corporation by starting in the mail room, and becomes chairperson of the board two weeks later. The musical starred Robert Morse as the young striver J. Pierrepont Finch, Rudy Vallee as the company president J.B. Biggley, and Charles Nelson Reilly as Biggley's perpetually peeved nephew Bud Frump.
The musical was a smash hit, with a Broadway run of 1,417 performances between October 1961 and March 1965. It won eight Tony Awards and the 1962 Pulitzer Prize for best drama. It was adapted into a movie, also starring Morse and Vallee with Anthony 'Scooter' Teague as Frump, in 1967. It was successfully revived on Broadway in 1995, starring Matthew Broderick as Finch, and again in 2011 with Daniel Radcliffe playing the role. Then in 2012, Darren Criss played the role of Finch for a three-week engagement, and was replaced by Nick Jonas who took the lead until the show closed on May 20, 2012.
Classification
The Library of Congress catalogs the 1995 reprint as non-fiction under "business books", with the subject headings "Success in business", "Management", and "Career development".
Editions
London: Cedar Book, 1955 (reprint)
New York: Simon & Schuster, 1995 (reprint), and 2011 (reprint)
References
1952 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books adapted into films
Books adapted into plays
Business books
Simon & Schuster books
Works about sexual harassment
Comedy books
Bid Andar (, also Romanized as Bīd Andar) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Gorzków (, Horzhkiv) is a village in Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gorzków. It lies approximately south-west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
During the Holocaust, 500 to 800 Jews from the village were murdered.
The village has a current population of 264.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Lublin Governorate
Svein Gaute Hølestøl (born 1 March 1971) is a Norwegian former professional cyclist. They were born in Stavanger. They competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.
They won the 1999 Norwegian National Road Race Championships and the 2000 Norwegian National Time Trial Championships.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Norwegian male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Norway
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Stavanger
Tot Pond is the smaller and western of two closely spaced frozen ponds in the floor of Alatna Valley, filled by overflow from the larger adjacent Rum Pond, in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land. Named by a 1989-90 New Zealand Antarctic Research Program (NZARP) field party (Trevor Chinn) in association with Rum Pond; in nautical circles a tot is a traditional small issue of rum.
Lakes of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Richard Stack (died 1812) was an Irish author.
Stack entered Trinity College, Dublin, as a sizar on 27 May 1766, and was elected a scholar in 1769. They graduated B.A. in 1770 and M.A. in 1779. In the same year they were elected a fellow of the college, and in 1783 they took the degree of B.D., receiving that of D.D. in 1786. They were appointed rector of Omagh, and died in 1812. They were vice-president of the Royal Irish Academy, and wrote the first paper in the literary section of its 'Transactions', titled 'Essay on the sublimity of writing' in 1787.
Stack was the author of:
An Introduction to the Study of Chemistry, Dublin, 1802, 8vo.
Lectures on the Acts of the Apostles, 2nd edit. London, 1805, 8vo, dedicated to Beilby Porteus, bishop of London.
Lectures on the Epistle to the Romans, Dublin, 1806, 8vo, dedicated to Porteus.
Stack also made several contributions to the ‘Transactions' of the Royal Irish Academy.
References
Attribution
1812 deaths
Irish writers
Members of the Royal Irish Academy
Year of birth missing
Carrick Davins GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the town of Carrick-on-Suir in south County Tipperary in Ireland. It is one of three GAA clubs in the town, one of which, St Molleran's, is in County Waterford in the southern suburb of Carrickbeg across the River Suir. The club plays both hurling and Gaelic football but is predominantly a hurling club. The club enjoys a keen rivalry with Carrick Swans GAA. The club is named in honour of Maurice Davin, the first President of the GAA, who lived near the town.
History
Carrick-on-Suir has a history of hurling and football going back to the 1800s when there were nine teams in the Carrick catchment area, consisting mainly of families and relations. Games were played in the nine acre field and there were no regulation size of pitch: usually the bounds were the ditch around a field. There were no set numbers of players, and a team could consist of up to 30 players a side.
The club was founded in 1922. In the early years there was a leaning towards the football side of the Association, and green and white jerseys borrowed from neighbours Grangemockler were worn until the 1930s when Cork red was chosen, hence the nickname The Red Rebels. In the early 1930s the club registered as The Davins in honor of the Davin brothers, founders of the GAA.
Hurling
The Davins have won 11 South Tipperary senior hurling titles, two county senior hurling titles and a Munster senior hurling club title, becoming the first Tipperary side to do so.
In 2009, Carrick Davins won the Tipperary Intermediate Hurling Championship title which saw them return to the Senior Grade. They reached a South Tipperary Senior Hurling final in 2011, where they played Mullinahone. Also in 2011, the club enjoyed a South Title in Junior hurling, which was a first in a long time.
In 2012 the club secured eight underage titles. Also in 2012 the club lost some of its hurling greats, including Club President Sean Organ.
The carrick On Suir club also won their first under 21 title in over 50 years on 25 November 2018 the young team included the likes of great upcoming hurlers as Micheal whelan, Conor whelan, Ray Cooke and Conor Mackey
Honours
Munster Senior Club Hurling Championship (1)
1966; runner-up 1967
Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship (2)
1966, 1967; runner-up 1964
South Tipperary Senior Hurling Championship (11)
1965, 1966, 1967, 1969, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1979
Tipperary Intermediate Hurling Championship (1)
2009
South Tipperary Intermediate Hurling Championship (4)
1993, 1994, 2005, 2016
Tipperary Junior Football Champiponship' (1) 1927South Tipperary Junior Football Championship (4): 1927, 1965, 1967, 1980South Tipperary Junior B Football Championship (2): 1993, 2005Tipperary Junior Hurling Championship (2): 1963, 2019South Tipperary Junior Hurling Championship (3) 1953, 1956, 1963
South Tipperary Junior B Hurling Championship (2) 1996, 2011South Tipperary Under-21 B Hurling Championship (5) 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 2018Tipperary Minor B Football Championship (2) 1985, 2002South Tipperary Minor B Football Championship (2) 1985, 2002
South Tipperary Minor C Football Championship (1) 1999
South Tipperary Minor Hurling Championship (9) 1933, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1947, 1951, 1964, 1966, 1984
Tipperary Minor B Hurling Chapminonship (1) 2005
South Tipperary Minor B Hurling Championship (3) 1997, 2002, 2005
South Tipperary Minor C Hurling Championship''' (1) 2012
Notable players
Mick Roche
Mikey (big wheels) Cronin
Luke Faulkner
Richie on the toe McGrath
References
External links
Carrick Davins GAC website
Tipperary GAA website
GAAinfo page
Gaelic Athletic Association clubs in County Tipperary
Hurling clubs in County Tipperary
Carrick-on-Suir
Felix Bernstein (1992, New York, NY) and Gabe Rubin (born 1992, New York, NY) are an artist duo whose interdisciplinary work consists of noise, camp, and poet's theater. The two artists have collaborated since meeting in 2010 at Bard College, where they both studied film. Bernstein and Rubin have presented film, music, and theater together at MOCA Los Angeles, Issue Project Room, Anthology Film Archives, and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
Their directorial projects have included the film Boyland, featured in the 2015 Brooklyn Film Festival; and Bieber Bathos Elegy, a “hybrid work of musical performance” staged at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 2016. The self-described “ambiguous twosome” has also performed together as a two-piece musical act called Tender Cousins. Bernstein and Rubin's first joint exhibition, Folie à Deux, opened at David Lewis Gallery Phoenix in June 2018.
Individual careers and early relationship
Felix Bernstein is the author of the poetry collection Burn Book, and a book of essays, Notes on Post-Conceptual Poetry. Their poetry and cultural criticism has been published in Flash Art, Spike Art Quarterly, Poetry Magazine, Hyperallergic, and Texte Zur Kunst.
Gabe Rubin has performed, directed, stage managed, and edited for various films, performances, and theatrical productions including the opera Victorine by Art & Language and The Red Krayola at the 2012 Whitney Biennial, and Transition Incomplete at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles. In 2018 they were also featured in the transmasculine photo series American Boys by Soraya Zaman.
Bernstein and Rubin met and related over the “middlebrow aesthetic” of musical theatre while both attending Bard College in 2010. As described by Rubin: “A friend showed me some of Felix's videos on the website blip.tv in 2008, and I thought they were fantastic and watched them all the time. […] We bonded very quickly, spending many nights staying up late watching obscure exploitation, Euro Trash, and Sleaze films, and a diverse range of horror films from the '70s. We also watched a lot of performances of songs from musicals and sang a lot of karaokes. I had been grappling with my gender identity for some time, and they were the first person I came out to. The first time we ever recorded a video together we had just come back from a party and were lip-syncing to Aqua in my room.”
Works
Live performance
The duo staged and exhibited Bernstein's libretto Bieber Bathos Elegy At the Whitney Museum of American Art in 2016. Also at the Whitney, Rubin performed in Jill Kroesen's Collecting Injustices (2016) and Bernstein in Andrew Lampert's Synonym for Untitled (2013). Both Bernstein and Rubin performed in the opera Victorine by Mayo Thompson and Art & Language at the 2012 Whitney Biennial.
The artists have also performed together as Tender Cousins, a two-piece musical act.
Film and video
Among Bernstein and Rubin's early collaborations are a series of YouTube videos including Felix and Gabe Sing Jellicle Cats for Four Hours (2014) and Pagan Women Yahoo Group with Gabe Rubin (2014).
In 2013 Rubin starred in Unchained Melody, a film written and directed by Bernstein, featuring their parents Charles Bernstein and Susan Bee, the poet Cole Heinowitz, and singer Shelley Hirsch.
Bernstein and Rubin made their co-directorial debut in 2015 with Boyland, a short experimental film adaptation of the poem "The Love that Dare Not Speak Its Name" by Oscar Wilde's lover Lord Alfred Douglas. The film was included in the 2015 Brooklyn Film Festival.
In June 2018 Bernstein and Rubin staged their first joint exhibition, Folie à Deux, at David Lewis Gallery. Its centerpiece was a 45-minute film, Madame de Void: A Melodrama, concerning the relationship between fashion designer Madame de Void (derivative of both Cruella de Vil and Marquis de Sade, played by Bernstein) and their dog Blot (played by Rubin). An accompanying audio-play titled Folie à Deux: A Duodrama elaborates on the relational dialectic between these two characters. Bernstein and Rubin consider the show to be a work of “Anemic Aestheaterory,” referring to Marcel Duchamp's film Anemic Cinema (1926) and the etymological relationship between “theory” and “theater.”
References
1992 births
Living people
American artist groups and collectives
Art duos
The 2019 Colonial Athletic Association women's basketball tournament is the upcoming postseason women's basketball tournament for the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA) for the 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The tournament will be held March 13–16, 2019 at the Bob Carpenter Center in Newark, Delaware. The champion will receive the CAA's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. Towson won the conference tournament championship game over Drexel, 53–49 to send Towson to their first ever NCAA tournament.
Seeds
All 10 CAA teams participated in the tournament. Teams were seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records. The top six teams received a bye to the quarterfinals.
JMU Drexel and Towson have secured first round byes
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime game
See also
2019 CAA men's basketball tournament
References
External links
2019 CAA Women's Basketball Championship
Colonial Athletic Association women's basketball tournament
CAA
Sports competitions in Delaware
Basketball in Delaware
Newark, Delaware
Melton Mowbray railway station serves the market town of Melton Mowbray in Leicestershire, England. It is owned by Network Rail and operated by East Midlands Railway, though CrossCountry provides most of the station services. The station is on the line of the Syston and Peterborough Railway, which is now part of the much longer Birmingham to Peterborough Line. CrossCountry operates most of the services as part of its Birmingham–Stansted Airport route. It has a ticket office, which is staffed part-time, a car park, and help points for times when no staff are present.
History
The station opened as Melton on 1 September 1846, with two sections of the Syston and Peterborough line, from Leicester to Melton and Stamford to Peterborough. The opening of the former had been delayed by opposition from a landowner, Lord Harborough.
The building is thought to have been designed by William Parsons and Sancton Wood. It was built by the contractor Herberts at a then cost of £3,021. The porte-cochère was added later by the Midland Railway in an attempt to improve the station in response to competition from the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway, which opened Melton North in 1879.
The station was badly damaged by a snowstorm on Tuesday 11 April 1876. The weight of snow on the corrugated iron roof that spanned the two platforms and lines, about long and wide, caused the roof to collapse shortly after a goods train had passed through. Fortunately there were no passengers on the platforms and no fatalities. A small section of remaining roof in poor condition was yanked down with a long chain, using a locomotive. The line was cleared in about three hours.
On 1 November 1876 the station was renamed Melton Mowbray, in 1923 Melton Mowbray South and in 1957 Melton Mowbray Town, to distinguish it from the former Melton Mowbray North on the Great Northern and London and North Western Joint Railway, though this closed to regular traffic in 1953.
It was refurbished in 2011 with new glass in the platform canopies, resurfaced platforms, passenger information screens, improved disabled access to the barrow crossing, a full repaint and a new footbridge. The refurbishment of the platforms retained their original size – previous plans to extend them by up to by no later than 2012 were omitted.
Stationmasters
J. Withers, c. 1849–1850, former station master at Syston, afterwards at Grantham
John Willis, 1850–1862
George William Earp, 1862–1864
W. Barker, 1864
W. Butterfield, from 1864
Robert Jeffrey, c. 1869–1873
T. B. Symonds, 1873–1878, former station master of Berkley Road station, Gloucester, absconded after suspension on 28 November 1878
Thomas Bedington, 1878–1908
Lawrence Palmer Briggs, 1908–1913, afterwards station master at Trent
James Sparling, 1913–1929, former station master at Rowsley
Frederick Charles Robinson, 1929–1940
Services
Melton Mowbray has an hourly service off-peak in both directions operated by CrossCountry. Westbound trains run to Birmingham via , and Coleshill. Eastbound trains run to via , Ely and . Additional trains run at peak times, with some terminating at Cambridge.
Although the next station westbound is , there are no direct services between the two.
Despite managing the station, East Midlands Railway (EMR) only operates limited services to the station: a single daily return service to London St Pancras via Corby commenced on 27 April 2009. It is notable as the first regular passenger service to cross the historic Welland Viaduct on the Oakham to Kettering line since 1966. The company introduced a further return service from via East Midlands Parkway (for East Midlands Airport) from May 2010. Further services are being considered. There are two daily services to and from London, one calling at , , , , , and , and the other at , , , , , and .
A handful of local services operate at either end of the day, mainly for train-crew route-knowledge retention purposes. A morning service runs from to and an evening service from to Nottingham via Peterborough.
Former services
According to the Official Handbook of Stations the following classes of traffic were being handled at this station in 1956: G, P, F, L, H, C and there was a 7-ton crane.
Just outside Melton Mowbray station the main line is joined by the Old Dalby Test Track. This runs towards Nottingham via Old Dalby, but stops short of Nottingham railway station at the edge of the suburb of West Bridgford. This is electrified with overheads, has its own control centre and dates from when the British Rail Research Division developed it as a test track for the Advanced Passenger Train, having been taken out of use some years before. It has, more recently, been used for testing Virgin Trains' Pendolino units and later for the testing of new stock for London Underground built by Derby Litchurch Lane Works.
Facility
Railway station lavatories have not been noted for the luxury of their appointments. However, at Melton Mowbray North station, the toilet of the former first-class waiting room had a hot-water pipe coursing through the seat.
Awards
Melton Mowbray station won a "highly commended" award at the National Rail Awards 2014 as Small station of the year.
References
External links
Melton Mowbray
Railway stations in Leicestershire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1846
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1848
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1848
Railway stations served by East Midlands Railway
Railway stations served by CrossCountry
1846 establishments in England
The Association for Social Promotion of the Masses (, APROSOMA) was a political party in Rwanda.
History
The party was established on 15 February 1959 by Joseph Gitera alongside friends and former schoolmates. Although it initially promoted social improvement for both Hutu and Tutsi, it later became an anti-Tutsi party.
APROSOMA contested the pre-independence elections in 1961, receiving 3.6% of the vote and winning two seats. In 1965 the country became a one-party state under MDR-Parmehutu.
References
Defunct political parties in Rwanda
1959 establishments in Rwanda
Political parties established in 1959
The 1804 United States House of Representatives elections in New York were held from April 24 to 26, 1804, to elect 17 U.S. Representatives to represent the State of New York in the United States House of Representatives of the 9th United States Congress. At the same time, a vacancy was filled in the 8th United States Congress.
Background
17 U.S. Representatives had been elected in April 1802 to a term in the 8th United States Congress beginning on March 4, 1803. John Cantine had resigned their seat, and Isaac Bloom had died in April 1803. Josiah Hasbrouck and Daniel C. Verplanck were elected to fill the vacancies. In February 1804, John Smith was elected to the U.S. Senate, leaving a vacancy in the 1st District. The other 16 representatives' term would end on March 3, 1805. The congressional elections were held together with the State elections in late April 1804, about ten months before the term would start on March 4, 1805, and about a year and a half before Congress actually met on December 2, 1805.
Congressional districts
After the U.S. census of 1800, New York's representation in the House was increased to 17 seats. On March 30, 1802, the New York State Legislature had re-apportioned the congressional districts, dividing New York County seemingly at random into two districts. After the election of one Democratic-Republican and one Federalist in 1802, the Dem.-Rep. majority in the State Legislature gerrymandered the two districts together in an Act passed on March 20, 1804, so that two members of congress would be elected on a general ticket by the voters of both districts, assuring the election of two Democratic-Republicans.
Besides, Seneca Co. was split from Cayuga Co. inside the 17th District.
The 1st District comprising Queens and Suffolk counties.
The 2nd and 3rd District (two seats) comprising New York, Kings and Richmond counties.
The 4th District comprising Westchester and Rockland counties.
The 5th District comprising Orange County.
The 6th District comprising Dutchess County.
The 7th District comprising Ulster and Greene counties.
The 8th District comprising Columbia County.
The 9th District comprising Albany County.
The 10th District comprising Rensselaer County.
The 11h District comprising Clinton, Saratoga and Essex counties.
The 12h District comprising Washington County.
The 13th District comprising Montgomery and Schoharie counties.
The 14th District comprising Delaware and Otsego counties.
The 15th District comprising Herkimer and Oneida counties.
The 16th District comprising Chenango, Tioga and Onondaga counties.
The 17th District comprising Ontario, Steuben, Cayuga and Seneca counties.
Note: There are now 62 counties in the State of New York. The counties which are not mentioned in this list had not yet been established, or sufficiently organized, the area being included in one or more of the abovementioned counties.
Result
15 Democratic-Republicans and 2 Federalists were elected to the 9th Congress, and one Democratic-Reopublican to fill the vacancy in the 8th Congress. The incumbents Mitchill, Van Cortlandt, Verplanck, Livingston, Van Rensselaer, Thomas and Sammons were re-elected; the incumbent Root was defeated.
Note: The Anti-Federalists called themselves "Republicans." However, at the same time, the Federalists called them "Democrats" which was meant to be pejorative. After some time both terms got more and more confused, and sometimes used together as "Democratic Republicans" which later historians have adopted (with a hyphen) to describe the party from the beginning, to avoid confusion with both the later established and still existing Democratic and Republican parties.
Aftermath and special elections
Daniel D. Tompkins, elected in the 2nd/3rd D., was appointed on July 2, 1804, to the New York Supreme Court and resigned their seat, before the congressional term began. A special election to fill the vacancy was held in October 1804, and was won by Gurdon S. Mumford, of the same party.
Samuel L. Mitchill, who had been re-elected in the 2nd/3rd D. to a third term, resigned their seat on November 22, 1804, after their election to the U.S. Senate. A special election to fill both vacancies (the remainder of their term in the 8th Congress and their seat in the 9th Congress) was held, and was won by George Clinton, Jr., of the same party. Clinton took their seat in the 8th Congress on February 14, 1805, and remained in office after March 4 in the 9th Congress.
The House of Representatives of the 9th United States Congress met for the first time at the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C., on December 2, 1805, and Blake, Halsey, Masters, Mumford, Russell, Sailly, Sammons, Schuneman, Thomas, Tracy, Van Rensselaer and Williams took their seats on this day. Livingston and Wickes took their seats on December 9; Van Cortlandt on December 10; Verplanck on December 11; and Clinton on December 16.
Notes
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled in 1858 (see: pg. 65 for district apportionment; pg. 69 for Congressmen)
Members of the Ninth United States Congress
Election result 1st D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 2nd/3rd D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 4th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 5th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 6th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 7th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 8th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 9th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 10th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 11th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 12th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 13th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 14th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 15th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 16th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
Election result 17th D. at Tufts University Library project "A New Nation Votes"
1804
New York
United States House of Representatives
The Karate South Africa (KSA) is the governing body of sport karate in South Africa. The KSA was formed in June 2005 after the previous body (KASA) was disbanded by the then Minister of Sport. The new body came into being under the supervision of the South African Sports Council. It has membership to the World Karate Federation (WKF) which is the only body recognized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and was readmitted to the international arena in 1992. In May 2008, after three years of ups and downs, the interim structure was formalized at a General Elections held under the supervision of SASCOC and the current Executive was voted in. The President of the KSA is Sonny Pillay.
History
Karate is a martial art which was introduced in South Africa in 1950 by persons who developed an interest in this eastern culture through reading books and with information received from sailors who visited South African ports. During the early 1960s, a few South Africans visited Japan and formally studied the art of karate. This international exposure was generally reciprocated with the visit by top Japanese karate instructors.
These pioneers initiated the development and expansion of karate to what today has become the sixth biggest sport in the country with a membership which exceeds 200,000 with more than 1,400 organised clubs throughout South Africa.
On 19 May 1992, the Karate Association of South Africa was formed, unifying karate as a sport among the various national karate bodies which existed. Today, through the initiatives of KASA, all the various styles of karate and provinces are totally unified under one body which controls karate in South Africa.
Karate South Africa was formed in June 2005, after the previous body (KASA) was disbanded by the then Minister of Sport. The new body came into being under the supervision of the South African Sports Council.
Members
References
External links
KSA official website
World Karate Federation official website
2005 establishments in South Africa
Sports organizations established in 2005
Karate organizations
Sports governing bodies in South Africa
Karate in South Africa
Environmentally Endangered Lands Programs are bond funded wildland conservation efforts in Florida, USA.
The programs in more than 27 Florida counties include:
Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program (ELAPP), Hillsborough County
Environmentally Endangered Lands protection program, Brevard County
Environmentally Sensitive Lands Protection Program (ESLPP), Sarasota County
Environmentally Endangered Lands (EEL) Miami-Dade County
Environmentally Sensitive Lands, Hernando County's program
Land Preservation Bond Program, Broward County
Palm Beach County land acquisition program
History
Miami-Dade County voters approved a tax for Environmentally Endangered Lands in 1990 and $40 million more $40 million in 2004 through the Building Better Communities Bond.
Broward County approved its Land Preservation Bond Program in 2000 and purchased 83 sites for a totalof 850 acres as of 2007, using $152 million of its $200 million.
Palm Beach County started its land acquisition program in 1991 with a $100 million bond. Through 2006 the country had protected 35,063 acres. A volunteer program helps with restoration and maintenance.
In 1987, voters in Hillsborough County, Florida, overwhelmingly chose to increase taxes and create the Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program (ELAPP). Through this program, environmentally sensitive areas were preserved and/or restored. Again in 1990 and 2008, voters opted to increase taxes in order to expand ELAPP.
On November 6, 2008 Florida voted for an amendment to the Florida Constitution requiring the state legislature to exempt land permanently set aside for conservation from all property taxes beginning in 2010.
Evergreen forest
Twenty-seven endangered and threatened plants live in the evergreen forests called hammocks. Several species originated in the West Indies including Ficus, gumbo-limbo, lancewood and paradise-trees. Temperate live oak grows in the forests. Hattie Bauer Hammock is one preserve with this type of habitat and was acquired in 1996. Vines are a problem outcompeting the native goatsfoot (Passiflora sexflora). The threatened broad halberd fern (Tectaria heracleifolia) and maidenhair ferns. Cuban nakedwood, Colubrina cubensis var. floridana is highly endangered. Colubrina. It is also known as Cuban snakebark.
Southern glade
Plants protected in Southern glades include wildflowers like Samolus parviflorus (water pimpernel), yellowtop, lavender thistle, marsh pinks, and grass pink orchids (Calapogon tuberosus). Bird inhabitants include double-crested cormorants, great blue heron, little blue heron, tricolored heron, snowy egret, osprey, kingfisher and grebe. Native poisonwood grows in these areas. Other species include white-crowned pigeon, Spike rush, sawgrass, crayfish, marsh rabbit, deer and Florida panther; as well as colicroot (Aletris bracteata), the lavender ground orchid Bletia purpurea and Pinguicula pumila, a dwarf butterwort.
Scrub
Florida's oldest ecosystem is scrub. One area is of it protected in a fenced 15-acre plot called County Line Scrub on the Dade County/ Broward County border boundary and at the four acre Dolphin Center Park Addition. Inhabitants include live oak, Chapman's oak, myrtle oak and a natural hybrid known as Rolf's oak. Winged sumac, which provides red fruit for small warblers and other wildlife in the fall, pawpaws (Asimina), Saw palmettos, cocoplum, wax myrtle, tarflower (Befaria racemosa) as well as the endangered quailberry (Crossopetalum ilicifolium). Blueberry and rusty lyonia. Animals such as gopher tortoise, scrub lizard, burrowing owl and indigo snake. Even smaller parcels can host coontie, sabal palm, partridge pea and a native cactus: Opuntia humifusa.
These can be seen at Arch Creek or Greynolds Park.
Pine Rockland
Pine rockland is a rare ecosystem, with only about 4,000 acres of the original 185,000 acres, remaining. This type of habitat developed around limestone and fire. Swallow-tailed kite, osprey. Rockdale Pineland is one preserve, home to endangered Redland sandmat (deltoid spurge). The land conservation programs have protected an additional 850 acres. locustberry saw palmetto, coontie, a native cycad used by pioneers to make starch, wild poinsettia and lantana. Prickly pear (Opuntia humifusa).
References
External links
University of South Florida Libraries: Environmental Lands Acquisition Protection Program Collection
University of South Florida Libraries: Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program Oral History Project
Environmental conservation
David Campiti (born May 9, 1958) is an American animation producer, comic book writer, talent agent, and co-founder of Innovation Publishing. As CEO of Glass House Graphics, Campiti oversees an international animation studio and agency of illustrators, writers, painters, and digital designers.
Early life
Campiti is the adopted son of Charles H. and Rose Campiti. They graduated from Warwood High School and West Liberty University. They began writing as a child.
Career
Campiti sold their first writing to the Wheeling News-Register while still in college, and to such magazines as Writer's Digest and Comics Buyer's Guide soon after. They were an on-air news reporter at WKWK radio, where they also wrote, performed, and produced humorous radio commercials. They soon moved on to WANJ-FM Radio.
In 1982, Campiti moved from their hometown of Wheeling, West Virginia, to North Attleboro, Massachusetts, where they worked as chief copywriter at the L.G. Balfour Company and, later on, as writer for the United Way of New England.
Comics
Campiti sold comic book scripts to Pacific Comics in 1982. In 1985, Campiti wrote a short story for Action Comics #573 at DC Comics, then turned to freelance editing and product packaging full-time. Their packager, Campiti and Associates (1986–1987), employed future comics professionals Mark Beachum and Rick Bryant, and worked on a number of titles for Pied Piper Comics/Amazing Comics.
Innovation Publishing
In 1988, Campiti wrote a business proposal which helped raise $400,000 to finance the launch of Innovation Publishing. Innovation brought literary, film, and TV tie-in series and adaptations, such as Anne Rice's The Vampire Lestat, Dark Shadows, Quantum Leap, and Lost in Space.
Glass House Graphics
In 1993, Campiti resigned from Innovation and launched Glass House Graphics, an international studio/agency for illustrators, writers, painters, and digital designers, where they currently hold the position as CEO and global talent supervisor.
Campiti oversees offices in the U.S., Brazil, Manila, Jakarta, and various locations in Europe, coordinating a roster of worldwide talents that produce art, stories, and digital graphics for a range of publishers and studios. In the 1990s, they taught art at U.S. at conventions and art schools in Brazil, and the Philippines.
Red Giant Entertainment
In March 2013, Campiti was elected to the Board of Directors of Red Giant Entertainment, a comic book publisher and "transmedia" entertainment company. They resigned in 2018.
Other works
Campiti's credits as writer include Action Comics #573, Exposure and Jade Warriors for Image Comics and Keenspot.
Most of their work in comics was as an editor on titles like T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents, Magnus, Robot Fighter, Beauty and the Beast, Dark Shadows, and Hero Alliance.
They were co-writer of Stan Lee's How to Draw Comics, released in November 2010 from Watson-Guptill/Dynamite Entertainment.
Campiti was listed as producer and character actor for Journey to Magika, the first animated film from Red Giant Entertainment, which aired on Hulu in 2014. Their Glass House Studios animation has animated The Grubbs, a TV pilot for Keenspot Entertainment.
They have written two graphic novel series for Simon & Schuster, Goddess Girl and Heroes in Training.
Bibliography
Amazing Comics
Angel Heat (1997)
Dangerous Secrets (Amazing Comics, 1997)
The Experimentals (Amazing Comics, 1997)
Angel Entertainment
Dream Angel (1996)
Avatar Pres
Exposure Second Coming (2000)
Exposure Special 2001 (2001)
Jade Warriors: Slave of the Dragon (2001)
DC Comics
(with co-writer Kevin Juaire and artists Alex Saviuk & Eduardo Barreto) "If I Were Superman...", in Action Comics #573 (Nov. 1985)
Dynamite Entertainment/Watson-Guptill
(as contributing writer) Stan Lee's How to Draw Comics (Nov. 2010)
Image Comics
(with artist Al Rio) Exposure (1999–2000)
(with co-writer Mike Buckley and artist Mike Deodato) Jade Warriors (1999)
Innovation Publishing
Beauty and the Beast (1993)
Forbidden Planet (1992–1993)
Mike Baron's The Group Larue (1989)
Hero Alliance Annual (1990)
Hero Alliance Manual
Hero Alliance Quarterly (1991–1992)
Hero Alliance Special (1992)
Legends of the Stargazers (1989–1990)
Lost in Space (1991–1993)
Piers Anthony's On a Pale Horse (1991)
Quantum Leap (1991–1993)
The Vampire Companion (1990–1992)
Pacific Comics
(stories in anthology title) Vanguard Illustrated #1–3 (1983–1984)
(with co-writer and artist David Ross) "Avalone Episode One: Survival," in Vanity #2 (1984)
Sirius Comics
Greylore #1–5 (1985–1986)
Other publishers
Galaxy Girl
Oscarzinho (Brazilian comics)
Terra One
T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents
References
External links
Campiti's profile at Glass House Graphics
David Campiti's Portfolio Picture
Glass House Graphics
Red Giant Entertainment
1958 births
American comics writers
Comic book editors
Comic book publishers (people)
Innovation Publishing
Living people
West Liberty University alumni
Writers from Wheeling, West Virginia
The woman of Shunem (or Shunammite woman) is a character in the Hebrew Bible. 2 Kings 4:8 describes them as a "great woman" (KJV) in the town of Shunem. Them name is not recorded in the biblical text.
Hospitality
According to 2 Kings 4, they showed hospitality to the prophet Elisha, constructing a room where they could stay whenever they were in the town.  They are childless, but Elisha prophesies that they will have a son. A year later they give birth to a son.
Raising of their son
2 Kings 4:18–37 relates how, when their son had grown up, they became sick and died. They go to Elisha for help, and they bring their son back to life.
Land restored
The woman of Shunem appears again in 2 Kings 8. At Elisha's advice, they have spent seven years in Philistia to avoid a famine, and has come back to find they no longer has possession of their house and land. They appeal to the king (Jehoram), and their property is restored to them
Evaluation
Abraham Kuyper views the woman of Shunem as a typical example of pious people in Israel having love and respect for the prophets. Kuyper suggests that the narrative indicates their "independence and readiness". Carol Meyers notes that "unlike virtually all women in biblical narratives, they are not presented as the 'wife' of someone". Claudia Camp says that the woman is "both independent and maternal, powerful and pious." The proposal to build a room for Elisha originates with the woman and is supported by their husband (2 Kings 4:9–10).
References
Books of Kings people
Women in the Hebrew Bible
Unnamed people of the Bible
9th-century BCE Hebrew people
{{Infobox officeholder
| honorific-prefix =
| name = Albert Ho Chun-yan
| native_name =
| native_name_lang = zh
| image = File:Lee-cheuk-yan-confirmed-legco-by-election-candidacy-4 (cropped).jpg
| imagesize =
| caption = Albert Ho in 2018
| office2 =Member of the Legislative Council
| constituency4 = District Council (Second)
| term_start4 = 1 October 2012
| term_end4 = 30 September 2016
| predecessor4 = New constituency
| successor4 = Roy Kwong
| constituency3 = New Territories West
| term_start3 = 1 July 1998
| term_end3 = 30 September 2012
| predecessor3 = New parliament
| successor3 = Kwok Ka-ki
| constituency2 = New Territories West
| term_start2 = 11 October 1995
| term_end2 = 30 June 1997
| predecessor2 = New constituency
| successor2 = Replaced by Provisional Legislative Council
| office1= Chairman of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China
| deputy1=Richard TsoiMak Hoi-wahChow Hang-tung
| term_start1=15 December 2014
| term_end1= 8 December 2019
| predecessor1=Lee Cheuk-yan
| successor1 = Lee Cheuk-yan
| office = Chairman of the Democratic Party
| term_start = 17 December 2006
| term_end = 10 September 2012
| predecessor = Lee Wing-tat
| successor = Emily Lau
| birth_date =
| birth_place = British Hong Kong
| death_date =
| death_place =
| nationality =
| party = Hong Kong Affairs Society United Democrats Democratic Party
| residence =
| spouse = Tang Suk-yee
| alma_mater = University of Hong Kong
| occupation = Solicitor}}
Albert Ho Chun-yan (; born 1 December 1951) is a solicitor and politician in Hong Kong.  They are the former chairperson (2014–2019) and vice-chair (2019–2021) of the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China, and former chairperson of the Democratic Party from 2006 to 2012.  They are a solicitor and a former member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong for District Council (Second) constituency.
Early life and education
Ho was born in what was then British Hong Kong on 1 December 1951 in a big family with six children. Their father worked in a shipping company by day and as a translator by night, along with two other jobs that they had. Ho got their Bachelor of Laws with honors in the University of Hong Kong in 1974, and obtained a Postgraduate Certificate in Laws in 1975.
They attended lectures given by Hsu Kwan-san, a Chinese historian who later became a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, whom Ho cited as influence for their political beliefs and Chinese national sentiment. During their college life, they developed their liberal ideals, got actively involved in student politics and campaigned for Mak Hoi-wah who ran for the Hong Kong University Students' Union against the Maoist nationalists who dominated the student union in the 1970s.
Legal and early political career
Ho got admission to practice law in 1977 and was appointed a notary public of the common law in 1988. They were employed for Messrs. C.Y. Kwan & Co. as a solicitor for nearly 20 years, then left to set up their own law firm, Ho, Tse, Wai & Partners. Their litigation experience varied from banking cases and commercial law to land law and matrimonial disputes, as well as in criminal and medical negligence cases. Albert Ho worked a number of human rights cases on a pro bono (undertaken voluntarily and without payment) for the pan-democracy camp.
Ho stepped into politics when they were first appointed to the Kowloon City District Board from 1982 to 1983. In 1985 they co-founded the Hong Kong Affairs Society (HKAS) to participate in the electoral politics during the transition period. During their spell as the leader of the HKAS, they demanded a faster pace of democratisation in Hong Kong and the safeguarding of freedom and way of life after the handover of Hong Kong to Mainland China after 1997. In 1989, they co-founded the Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements of China to support the Tiananmen protests of 1989 and was critical of the Beijing government's bloody crackdown. They became the third chairperson of the Alliance since 2014, succeeding Lee Cheuk-yan.
They ran for the Urban Council in Kowloon City West in the 1986 municipal election but was defeated by incumbent Peter Chan Chi-kwan. They ran again in the 1991 Urban Council election in Southern District but was again losing to incumbent Joseph Chan Yuet-sut of the conservative Liberal Democratic Federation of Hong Kong. They were elected to the Regional Council in the municipal elections in 1995, receiving the largest number of votes in the Regional Council. They kept served on the council through 1997 until it was abolished by Chief Executive Tung Chee-hwa in 2000.
Ho was a member of the Tuen Mun District Council for Lok Tsui since the 1999 District Council election. They were targeted by the radical democrats, including Albert Chan of the People Power in the 2011 District Council election who opposed the Democrats' compromise with the Beijing officials on the 2012 constitutional reform proposals and in the 2015 District Council election by Civic Passion's Cheng Chung-tai. They kept the seat for 15 years but was defeated in 2015 by pro-Beijing lawyer Junius Ho in 2015 by a narrow margin of 277 votes.
Legislative Councillor
In April 1990, Ho and other pro-democracy activists co-founded the United Democrats of Hong Kong (UDHK), the first major pro-democracy party in the city, of which they became the founding vice-chairperson. The party transformed into today's Democratic Party in 1994 when they became a member of the party's first executive committee. In 1992, they ran for the by-election in New Territories West as their first attempt to the Legislative Council after incumbent Democrat Ng Ming-yum died of cancer. They were defeated by conservative rural leader Tang Siu-tong by only four percent of the votes. They ran again in New Territories West in 1995 Legislative Council election, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote.
They stepped down from the colonial legislature on 30 June 1997 on the eve of the handover of Hong Kong after the Beijing government dismantled the "through train" agreement of allowing the 1995 elected legislature to transition beyond 1997. The Democratic Party boycotted the Provisional Legislative Council controlled by Beijing and refused to take part in it. In November 1997, Ho was nominated by the Democratic Party to run for a seat in the National People's Congress, but excluded from competition when they failed to obtain the minimum number of nominations from the 400-strong Beijing-appointed election conference.
In the first Legislative Council election of the SAR period in 1998, Ho won a seat in the New Territories West with their party colleague Lee Wing-tat. With their strong basis in their strategic district Tuen Mun, they were re-elected in 2000 with one of the three Democratic Party tickets. Albert Chan who had a strong basis in Tsuen Wan was also elected at the expense of Lee Wing-tat. Ho was re-elected in 2004. After the election, they unsuccessfully challenged Rita Fan in the Legco presidential election.
On 20 August 2006, Ho was assaulted by three unidentified men using baseball bats and a baton in a McDonald's restaurant in Central, Hong Kong, after they had attended a protest against the government's plan to adopt a Goods and Services Tax. They suffered injuries to their head, arm and face, including a broken nose.
Democratic Party Chairman
Between 2004 and 2006 Ho was the vice-chairperson of the Democratic Party. In December 2006, they were elected as party chairperson in the leadership election, defeating Chan King-ming of the reformist faction. During their tenure, the party absorbed Emily Lau's The Frontier in 2008.
In June 2010, they led the Democratic Party delegation to the Liaison Office to negotiate the electoral reform package with the representatives of the Beijing government. The Beijing government eventually accepted the Democratic Party's modified proposal to allow five new directly elected District Councils (Second) seats. The compromise sparked extreme discontent among the radical democrats and created a major unrest among the pan-democracy camp. They were challenged by radical democrat legislator Albert Chan in their Lok Tsui constituency in the following 2011 District Council election and barely retained their seat.
In the 2012 Legislative Council election, Ho ran in the newly created District Council (Second) constituency and was elected with 228,840 votes. However, their party continued being attacked by the radical democrats and received the worst result in history, retaining only six seats. Ho resigned as party chairperson right after the election results came out and was replaced by Emily Lau as acting chairperson.
2012 Chief Executive bid
Albert Ho announced on 4 October 2011 that they would stand in the 2012 Chief Executive election, which is elected in a small-circle election dominated by pro-Beijing members. Having won the pan-democratic primary against Frederick Fung of the ADLP on 8 January 2012, Ho ran against the two pro-Beijing candidates, ex-convenor of the Executive Council Leung Chun-ying and former Chief Secretary Henry Tang. Out of the 1,132 EC votes, Ho came third with only 76; Leung Chun-ying was elected with 689 votes.
Snowden incident
In 2013, Ho grabbed international headlines after it was revealed that they had assisted Edward Snowden during the latter's stay in Hong Kong.
2014 Hong Kong protests
In October 2014, during pro-democracy protests that began on 26 September, Ho said they were prepared to take a bullet if demonstrations turned violent. They did not support violence in the cause of democracy, but was willing to make a "sacrifice" on behalf of young people "because the future belongs to them."
Life after tenure as a member of the Legislative Council
2019–20 Hong Kong protests
Albert Ho continued to support the pro-democracy movement, and took part in the Hong Kong anti-extradition bill protests. On 18 April 2020, Ho was one of 15 Hong Kong high-profile democracy figures arrested on suspicion of organizing, publicizing or taking part in several unauthorized assemblies between August and October 2019 in the course of the anti-extradition bill protests. In May 2021, they were sentenced to two jail terms of 18 months each, to be served concurrently, for inciting and organizing a banned protest on China's National Day on 1 October 2019.
Ho was attacked by a group of men armed with metal rods at around 7pm on 19 September 2019 as they exited Tin Hau MTR station. They were followed by a black-clad group and beaten. Soon thereafter, several politicians from the pro-democracy camp – notably Roy Kwong, Stanley Ho Wai-hang of the Labour Party and Leung Kai-Qing were also attacked in the street. The involvement of organised crime was suspected by the Hong Kong Police Force.
Imposition of HK national security legislation
Soon after the June 2020 imposition of the Hong Kong national security law by the PRC Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, Ho told The Daily Telegraph'' that they feared that "people like him" may face "difficulties in the times to come" as global banks like Credit Suisse, HSBC, Julius Baer and UBS were in the process of "broadening scrutiny" to "screen clients for political and government ties" and subjecting pro-democrats to "additional diligence requirements". Said Ho: "There's not much you can do, actually, unless you cease all your financial and banking activities in Hong Kong."
Resignation from civic groups and sentencing
In September 2021, Ho resigned from their leadership positions within the Hong Kong Alliance, the China Human Rights Lawyers Concern Group, and the New School for Democracy. The Alliance had come under heavy attack by authorities at that time, with two national security investigations underway against it and its lead members; earlier that month, before their resignations, Ho had pleaded guilty to taking part in or inciting others to participate in the 2020 Tiananmen Massacre vigil. Ho said in court, to applauding spectators, that they and eleven others who pleaded guilty for the same offence were "on the right side of history". Ho was sentenced on 15 September 2021 to a total of 10 months in prison after having been found guilty of the participation and incitement charges relating to the 2020 vigil. A first bail application by Ho over a charge of subversion of state power in relation to their role in the Hong Kong Alliance was rejected on 20 July 2022, but a second one was granted on 22 August 2022.
References
1951 births
Alumni of the University of Hong Kong
Members of the Regional Council of Hong Kong
Leaders of political parties
Living people
Members of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong
District councillors of Kowloon City District
District councillors of Tuen Mun District
Solicitors of Hong Kong
Charter 08 signatories
Democratic Party (Hong Kong) politicians
United Democrats of Hong Kong politicians
Hong Kong Affairs Society politicians
HK LegCo Members 1995–1997
HK LegCo Members 1998–2000
HK LegCo Members 2000–2004
HK LegCo Members 2004–2008
HK LegCo Members 2008–2012
HK LegCo Members 2012–2016
Members of the Election Committee of Hong Kong, 2017–2021
Edward Snowden
Hong Kong political prisoners
"Not Too Amused" is a song by Sebadoh from their 1994 album Bakesale. It was released as a CD Single and 7" vinyl record.
Track listing
UK CD Single and 7" Single (RUG38)
"Not Too Amused"
"Hank Williams"
"Not Too Amused (Live)"
References
Sebadoh songs
1995 singles
Domino Recording Company singles
Tomaž Murko (born 7 February 1979) is a Slovenian football goalkeeper who plays for Gerečja vas. During most of their career, Murko was a member of Maribor, where they played during the 1990s and 2000s and has made 130 league appearances for the club. With Maribor, they have won seven Slovenian championships and three Slovenian cups.
Honours
Maribor
Slovenian Championship: 1996–97, 1997–98, 1998–99, 1999–2000, 2000–01, 2001–02, 2002–03
Slovenian Cup: 1996–97, 1998–99, 2003–04
Aluminij
Slovenian Second League: 2010–11, 2011–12
References
External links
NZS profile
NK Maribor profile
1979 births
Living people
Slovenian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
NK Maribor players
NK Drava Ptuj players
NK Nafta Lendava players
NK Aluminij players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Slovenian Second League players
Slovenia youth international footballers
Slovenia under-21 international footballers
Elizabeth Percy may refer to:
Elizabeth Mortimer, Lady Percy and Baroness Camoys (1371–1417)
Lady Elizabeth Percy (1395-1436), wife of John Clifford, 7th Baron de Clifford and Ralph Neville, 2nd Earl of Westmorland
Elizabeth Howard Percy, Countess of Northumberland (~1623-1705), née Howard, wife of Algernon Percy, 10th Earl of Northumberland
Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex, (1636-1718), née Elizabeth Percy
Elizabeth Percy, Countess of Northumberland (~1646-1690), née Wriothsley, wife of Josceline Percy, 11th Earl of Northumberland
Elizabeth Seymour, Duchess of Somerset (1667-1722), née Elizabeth Percy
Elizabeth Percy, Duchess of Northumberland (1716-1776)
Elizabeth Douglas-Hamilton, Duchess of Hamilton and Brandon (1916-2008), née Elizabeth Percy
Elizabeth Diana Percy, Duchess of Northumberland (1922-2012)
Zdziłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,980.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Alice chess is a chess variant invented in 1953 by V. R. Parton which employs two chessboards rather than one, and a slight (but significant) alteration to the standard rules of chess. The game is named after the main character "Alice" in Lewis Carroll's work Through the Looking-Glass, where transport through the mirror into an alternative world is portrayed on the chessboards by the after-move transfer of chess pieces between boards A and B.
This simple transfer rule is well known for causing disorientation and confusion in players new to the game, often leading to surprises and amusing mistakes as pieces "disappear" and "reappear" between boards, and pieces interposed to block attacks on one board are simply bypassed on the other. This "nothing is as it seems" experience probably accounts for Alice chess remaining Parton's most popular and successful variant among the numerous others they invented.
Move rules
At the beginning of the game, pieces start in their normal positions on board A, while board B starts empty. At each turn, a player can choose whether to move on board A or B. Pieces move the same as they do in standard chess, but, at the completion of its move, a piece goes "through the looking-glass", transferring to the corresponding square on the opposite board. This simple change has dramatic impact on gameplay.
For example, after the opening moves 1. Nf3 e6, the white knight and black pawn transfer after moving on board A to their corresponding squares on board B. If the game continued 2. Ne5 Bc5, the knight returns to board A and the bishop finishes on board B (see diagram).
A move in Alice chess has two basic stipulations: the move must be legal on the board on which it is played, and the square transferred to on the opposite board must be vacant. Consequently, a piece can capture only on the board upon which it currently stands; it then transfers to the opposite board, as for a non-capturing move.
To demonstrate, if the above game continued 3. Nxf7, the knight transfers to board B. Then with Black to move, both 3...Kxf7 and 3...Bxf2+ are not possible. Black cannot play 3...Qd4 either, since the queen may not hop over the pawn on d7. But the move 3... Bg1 is possible (see diagram), although a white pawn is on f2 on board A. (The bishop move on board B is legal, and the square transferred to, g1 on board A, is vacant.)
While making a move on the first board, the player is allowed to remain in check on the second board, if the transferred piece then interposes to block the check.
A player must not be in check on the first board after making the move but before the transfer; thus the king cannot transfer out of check.
A player must also not be in check on either board after the transfer; thus they must not put themself in discovered check on the first board by making the transfer, and the king cannot transfer into check on the second board.
Castling is largely regarded as permitted in Alice chess; both king and rook would then transfer to the second board.
The en passant capture is normally excluded, but it can be included. In most such games, the target square is considered to be the square passed over on the first board, though opinions differ.
Early mates
Fool's mate
Several exist; one is as follows: 1. e4 d5 2. Be2 dxe4 3. Bb5 (see diagram).
At first glance, it might seem that Black can simply interpose a piece between White's bishop and their king to block the check (for example, 3...Bd7 or 3...Nc6 or 3...c6). But any piece so interposed immediately "disappears" when it transfers to board B. And Black cannot escape check by fleeing to the opposite board via 3...Kd7, because the move is not a legal move on board A. Therefore, it is checkmate.
Another form of fool's mate: 1. e4 d6 2. Bc4 Qxd2? 3. Bb5#
And another: 1. e4 e5 2. Qh5 Nf6? 3. Qxe5#
Scholar's mate
1. e4 h5 2. Be2 Rh4 3. Bxh5 Rxe4+ 4. Kf1 d5 5. Qe2? (threatening 6.Qb5#) 5... Bh3# (see diagram).
1. d4 e6 2. Qd6 Be7? 3. Qe5+ Kf8 4. Bh6# (Seitz–Nadvorney, 1973).
Example game
Paul Yearout vs. George Jelliss, 1996 AISE Grand Prix [Annotations by George Jelliss; moves returning to board A are notated "/A".]
1. d3 Nf6 2. Nc3 c5 3. Qd2 Nc6 (To give a direct check to the king the checking piece must come from the other board, so it is necessary first to transfer forces to the other board.) 4. d4/A Rb8 (This way of developing rooks is common in Alice chess.) 5. e3 g5 (This prevents the Bc1 coming to g5 or f4.) 6. f4 Rbg8/A (Guarding Pg5 on the other board.) 7. Nd5/A h6 8. Nf3 gxf4/A (Inconsistent play on my part. Ne4/A now looks better to me.) 9. Bxf4 Rg4 10. Be5/A Rh5 11. 0-0-0 [diagram] (Perhaps judging that the activated black force now being on the second board the king might be safer there. The black queen is now effectively 'pinned': 11...Q–c7/b6 12.Qd8.) 11... Ne4/A 12. Bc7 Ra4/A 13. Ba6 Bg7 (The idea is 14...Rc4+ 15.c3/Nc3 Bxc3+/A.) 14. Bb5/A Rc4+ 15. Kb1/A Rf5/A 16. Ba5/A (Desperate measures now needed to save the 'pinned' queen.) 16... Rxd5 17. Qxd5/A Qxa5 (Threatening 18...Qa1#.) 18. a3 Qd2/A 19. Qxd7+ Kf8 (I put these two moves in as an 'if...then' clause, but it seems Paul may not have noticed the discovered check, so perhaps I should have kept quiet!) 20. Qxg7/A Qc3 (Stops Qh8#.) 21. Rd8/A (Black resigns. If 21...Bd7/Be6/Nf6 [then] 22.Qg8/Re8/Qh8#.)
Variations
Rule modifications have sprouted a number of variations of Alice chess.
Looking glass Alice chess
The black army starts out on the opposite board (board B).
Ms. Alice chess
Null or zero moves are permitted. (A move consisting of piece transfer only – from the current square a piece sits on, to the corresponding square, if vacant, on the opposite board.) A king cannot escape check with a zero move, and castling is denied if either king or rook have made a zero move. By John Ishkan (1973).
O'Donohue chess
Alice chess rules, except that a move is permitted even though the square normally transferred to on the opposite board is occupied. (In that case, the transfer portion of the move is omitted.) By Michael O'Donohue (2003).
Duo chess
Black starts out on board B; transfers are optional; non-pawn pieces may make zero moves (and may capture in so doing); a king is checked when an opposing piece sits on the king's zero square; mate must cover the king's ability to flee via a zero move. By Jed Stone (1981).
Parton also introduced a smaller, 8×4 version of Alice chess (see diagram). They also observed that Alice chess can be played using three boards instead of two. (Players then having a choice between two boards when transferring pieces.)
Alice chess rules can be adopted by practically any other chess variant too, by simply doubling the number of gameboards in the variant and applying the piece transfer policy (for example, Raumschach using two 5×5×5 boards).
See also
Knightmare Chess
Looking-glass chess – also by V. R. Parton
Three-dimensional chess
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Alice Chess by Edward Jackman and Fergus Duniho, The Chess Variant Pages
Alice Chess by George Jelliss, Variant Chess
Alice Chess by Michael J. Farris, SchemingMind.com
SchemingMind.com play online correspondence chess
Alice Chess II simple programs by Ed Friedlander (Java)
Chess variants
1953 in chess
Board games introduced in 1953
Works based on Alice in Wonderland
Mishmeret (, lit. Position or Post) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain near Netanya and the HaSharon Junction and covering 3,800 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
Mishmeret was founded in 1946 by demobilised soldiers from the British Army near the Arab village of Miska, which was depopulated in April 1948. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War the community moved to Herut, and was re-established after the war on its present site.
The layout of Mishmeret follows a pattern widespread at the time of its establishment: Homes were built along both sides of the village roads with fields and farmyards behind each one. The Hebrew term is "kfar magevet” (towel village), denoting its elongated shape.
In March 2019, a house in the moshav was hit by a rocket fired from the Gaza Strip.
Economy
Today the moshav farms chickens, flowers, exports sweet potatoes and other vegetables.
In 2015, the Haaretz newspaper cited Mishmeret as an example of a "luxury" moshav.
References
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1946
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
1946 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
The Calliope mini is a single-board computer developed for educational usage at German primary schools. The goal of the initiative is to provide all pupils as of grade three of primary schools in Germany with a Calliope mini free of charge.
Background
Calliope mini was inspired by the BBC micro:bit, which was distributed to pupils of grade seven in Great Britain. The Calliope gemeinnützige GmbH is responsible for developing and maintaining the Calliope mini. The name "Calliope mini" is a reference to Kalliope, a daughter of Zeus and the muse who presides over eloquence, science and epic poetry.
Hardware
Nordic nRF51822 Multi-protocol Bluetooth® 4.0 low energy / 2.4 GHz RF SoC
32-bit ARM Cortex M0 processor (16 MHz)
16kB RAM
256kB Flash
Bluetooth low energy
5x5 LED matrix display
Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Magnetometer (Bosch BMX055)
MEMS Microphone
DC Motor Driver (TI DRV8837)
Piezo Speaker
RGB LED (WS2812b)
2 programmable buttons
Serial interface (USB + configurable ports)
PWM output
4 banana plug / crocodile clip connections
4 analog inputs
8-11 Input / Output Connections (depending on software configuration)
SPI + I2C
USB Micro B connection (programming and power supply)
JST battery connector (3.3V)
Banana / crocodile clip connection for 3.3V (output)
2 Grove connectors (I2C + serial / analog)
NXP KL26z (USB and power supply)
Flash program memory (optional)
See also
BBC micro:bit
Raspberry Pi
Arduino
Open Roberta
References
External links
Official website
Calliope mini on GitHub
Single-board computers
Bernie Grace is a television news reporter, most notably with KARE 11 in Minnesota. Early in their career, they were a news director at radio stations in Virginia and Rhode Island. They then worked at television stations in Orlando, Florida, and Richmond, Virginia. In February 1979 they joined the KARE 11 News Team as a general assignment reporter.
Mr. Grace has received awards from the Associated Press, Northwest Broadcast News Association, the Academy of Television of Arts and Sciences (Emmys) and the New York Film Festival. They retired from KARE 11 on July 14, 2006.
References
External links
KARE 11 website
Bernie Grace's retirement at local weblog
American television journalists
Living people
American male journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Unity College was a mixed 11-16 school in Northampton. It was Northampton's first Church of England College. It had replaced the old school, Trinity High School, which was opened in 1932. The decision was called when the builders found the tower unsafe to redevelop, and the call was made to rebuild the school, which was built in 2004, and all the buildings were completed in 2008. On 20 February 2008, the college held a whole school assembly to mark the date of completion, and a plaque was added into the new visitor entrance block. The school was placed under special measures by Ofsted to be finally closed in 2010. The campus and buildings were taken over by a new school, the Malcolm Arnold Academy, which officially opened on 3 September 2010.
History
Unity College opened on the site of two schools, Trinity School, and Kingsley Park Middle School, which closed as a result of the Northampton Town schools reorganisation. Kingsley Park Middle School occupied the "Old" Northampton Girls School on St. George's Avenue and the Pearson Building on Trinity Avenue. Trinity School was also located on Trinity Avenue and provided the local area with a well-known landmark, "The Trinity Tower".
A major redevelopment of the Trinity School site was planned but after consultation and investigation, it became clear that the only course of action was to demolish the old school and replace it with a new purpose built college.
The first part of Unity College, including the Sports areas, English, Science, Maths, and Languages was opened in 2004. The following year a second part of the building housing Student Services, Administration, and Additional Needs teaching areas was opened, and the final and largest part of the building was fully completed in January 2008. The new building provided state of the art facilities including a number of ICT suites, Food Technology rooms, a library, Expressive Arts studios and rooms, Design Technology rooms, and Language and Sixth Form teaching areas. There were more Administration offices, a new visitors reception area, a school chapel, a multi faith room, new catering facilities and dining areas, and a multi purpose atrium (these were built and completed in February 2009).
Closure
After the College was placed in Special Measures following concerns expressed in Ofsted reports, the Peterborough Diocese Board of Education submitted an application for the College to become an Academy from September 2009. Following an announcement in a 12 May press release that the Northamptonshire County Council voted on 11 May to close Northampton's Unity College, Councillor Andrew Grant, commenting on the reasons for closure, that went unopposed, said: “The school's performance issues have been well documented and clearly too many of its students are leaving school without an acceptable standard of education." The school closed for the summer holidays on 21 July 2010, marking the end of an era for Unity College. The buildings underwent extensive refurbishing, removing all traces of the former Unity College, to be occupied by a new school, the Malcolm Arnold Academy that opened on the site in September 2010.
References
Defunct Church of England schools
Defunct schools in West Northamptonshire District
Educational institutions established in 2004
Educational institutions disestablished in 2010
2004 establishments in England
2010 disestablishments in England
Sylvia Brunt (born 1 January 2004) is a New Zealand rugby union player.
Biography
Brunt attended Mount Albert Grammar School in Auckland. They play for Ponsonby and for the Auckland Storm in the Farah Palmer Cup.
Brunt played for the Blues in the historic clash with the Chiefs in 2021. They were named in the Blues team for the inaugural season of Super Rugby Aupiki.
Brunt was called in as a travelling reserve for the Black Ferns for the 2022 Pacific Four Series. They made their international debut on 12 June 2022 against Canada in West Auckland. They were recalled into the team for the August Laurie O'Reilly Cup test series against Australia.
Brunt was selected for the Black Ferns 2021 Rugby World Cup 32-player squad.
References
External links
Black Ferns Profile
2004 births
Living people
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women's international rugby union players
Rugby union centres
People educated at Mount Albert Grammar School
ContractorUK, is a news and community website for independent contractors in the UK. It has been online since 1999, since the early days of IR35 and the initial inflation of the dot-com bubble.
Overview
The website is home to the UK's IT contracting community, with over 690,000 visits per month. It provides independent editorial on contracting as well as calculators, market rates, and contract jobs.
Tax and legislation issues
ContractorUK reports on a wide range of issues that face contractors. This includes changes made by HMRC as well as the introduction of new and changes to existing tax legislation.
It has covered the most pressing issues in the contracting industry such as IR35, EBTs and BN66. It has also reported on the Budget, Autumn Statement and the Finance Bill, and how they will affect contractors. This includes the new legislation which will restrict tax relief for travel and subsistence for workers engaged through an employment intermediary, such as an umbrella company or a personal service company.
ContractorUK has covered news on the Personal Service Companies Committee, including a speech made by Baroness Noakes in the House of Lords in which they referenced ContractorUK.
Campaigns
The ContractorUK Forum provides space in the forums, for the No To Retro Tax (NTRT) campaign group, who aim to overturn the retrospective tax legislation introduced in Section 58 of the UK Finance Act 2008.
Forum
The site has a forum, with over 2 million posts, to discuss matters related to contracting (including umbrella companies, recruitment agencies, contracts, tax etc.), as well as areas for general chat. Here contractors are able to receive unbiased advice from other contractors. The forum also includes an ineffective swear filter.
References
Corporate taxation
Internet forums
British news websites
Internet properties established in 1999
1999 establishments in the United Kingdom
The Irish cricket team toured Australia to play Papua New Guinea from 24 January to 9 February 2016. The tour consisted of a first-class match, three Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) and a tour match. The first-class match was part of the 2015–17 ICC Intercontinental Cup and the tour match was in preparation of the Intercontinental Cup match. Ireland won the T20I series 2–1.
Squads
Tour match
Two-day match: Queensland XI vs. Ireland
Intercontinental Cup
T20I series
1st T20I
2nd T20I
3rd T20I
References
External links
Series home at ESPNcricinfo
2016 in Irish cricket
2016 in Papua New Guinea cricket
International cricket competitions in 2015–16
Irish cricket tours of Australia
Papua New Guinean cricket tours of Australia
Stary Dvor () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 80 as of 2002.
Geography
Stary Dvor is located 17 km southwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yugra is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Henry Morse House is a historic house located at 32 Cedar Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It is a -story, wood-framed building, with a hipped roof and clapboard siding. Projecting bays are found at the front and side, and the front porch is supported by turned posts. The Queen Anne style house was built in 1882 on land that Henry Morse acquired from their father Lovett's estate after their death in 1880. The house is nearly identical in plan to the W.C. Beattie House in Taunton.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Queen Anne architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1882
Wankarani (Aymara wankara a kind of drum, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with a wankara", Hispanicized spelling Huancarani) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about high. It lies in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the north of the Turco Municipality. Wankarani is situated south-west of the Kimsa Chata group, north-east of the mountain Yaritani and south-east of the mountains Ch'iyar Jaqhi and Surani.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Zhou Bichang (; born 26 July 1985 in Changsha, Hunan), also known as Bibi Zhou, is a Chinese singer, songwriter, and actor. They debuted their singing career by winning the second place at the Chinese singing contest Super Girl in 2005. The next year they released their debut album Who Touched My Violin String. They debuted their acting career by featuring in the 2006 Chinese films McDull, the Alumni and The 601st Phone Call. In 2014, they won an MTV Europe Music Award for Best Worldwide Act. In 2015, they won a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Chinese Act.
Life and career
1985–2005: Early years and career beginnings
Zhou was born to parents Zhou Zhongzhan and Lu Yuanyuan in Changsha, Hunan, China on 26 July 1985. Them father was a government agent, while their mother was a Chinese folk music teacher. At the age of six, they and their family moved to Shenzhen, Guangdong, China. They attended Yuanling Elementary School, Gangxia Elementary School, Fuhua Elementary School, and Futian High School. In 2002, they majored in non-classical music at Xinghai Conservatory of Music in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. In the same year, they released a song titled "How I Miss You" on the internet. In 2005, they took part in the Chinese singing contest Super Girl, and eventually won the second place at the contest.
2006–2007: Who Touched My Violin String
In March 2006, Zhou signed a recording deal with Chinese record label Yuelin Music. In the same time, they released their first studio single titled "Swan", which was included in their first extended play titled Bibi released in June 2006. The extended play followed by their debut studio album titled Who Touched My Violin String released in August 2006. In the same year, they featured in two Chinese films, McDull, the Alumni and The 601st Phone Call. In March 2007, they attend the Encore Program at Musicians Institute in Los Angeles, California, United States to take singing classes.
2007–2008: Now and Wow
After they finished their courses at Musicians Institute, Zhou returned to China and prepared for their next studio album. In the same year, they also graduated from Xinghai Conservatory of Music with a bachelor's degree. In December 2007, they released two studio albums Now and Wow at the same time. In April 2008, they featured the theme song "Beijing Welcomes You" for the 100-day countdown of the 2008 Summer Olympics. In the same month, they joined the public benefit campaign 56 Ethnic Groups, One Dream as a young ambassador along with Hong Kong singer and professional swimmer Alex Fong.
2009–2012: Time, I, Fish, Light, Mirror, and Black Apple
In January 2009, Zhou signed a recording deal with Gold Typhoon. In July 2009, they released their fourth studio album Time. The album was released in mainland China as well as Taiwan. In June 2010, they released their fifth studio album I, Fish, Light, Mirror. The album topped the album sales chart for one week in Taiwan. In May 2011, they launched a fashion brand Begins with Lin Zijun and Cheng Yang. In November 2011, they released their sixth studio album Black Apple.
2013: Unlock
In October 2012, Zhou signed a recording deal with Yuehua Entertainment, and opened their own studio at the same time. In May 2013, they released their seventh studio album Unlock. They also embarked a concert tour titled Unlock Tour. In early 2014, they appeared on the Chinese singing competition I Am a Singer (season 2). In November 2014, they won an MTV Europe Music Award for Best Worldwide Act. That same year, they were internally selected by CCTV to represent China in the ABU TV Song Festival 2014, with the song "I miss you missing me". In January 2015, they held a public benefit concert Begins to Love Concert. In March 2015, they won a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Award for Favorite Chinese Act. That year, they released the album "Rolling my eyes", which was published initially in two EP's and later released as a whole.
2015–present: Rolling My Eyes, Not Typical, Renamed, Lunar
2018: Vocal judge on The Next Top Bang with other celebrities like Victoria Song and Kris Wu.
2021: Zhou participates on "Sisters Who Make Waves" season 2.
Discography
Studio albums
Who Touched My Violin String (2006)
Now (2007)
Wow (2007)
Time (2009)
I, Fish, Light, Mirror (2010)
Black • Choose • White (2011)
Unlock (2013)
Rolling My Eyes (2015) – album released as 3-part EP
Not Typical (2017)
Lunar (2019)
Extended plays
Bibi (2006)
Slime (2020)
Compilation albums
The Best Of Bibi Chou 2009–2013 (2013)
Remix albums
Renamed (Remix Album) (2018)
Filmography
McDull, the Alumni (2006)
The 601st Phone Call (2006)
V Love (2014)
Cold War 2 (2016)
Awards
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Xinghai Conservatory of Music alumni
Chinese women singer-songwriters
Mandopop singer-songwriters
Musicians from Changsha
Musicians Institute alumni
Singers from Hunan
Super Girl contestants
Faye HeavyShield is a Kainai-Blood sculptor and installation artist.  They are known for their repetitive use of objects and writing to create large-scale, often minimalist, site-specific installations.
Background
HeavyShield, the third youngest out of twelve siblings, grew up on the North End of the Blood Reserve where their father managed a ranch. As a youth they attended Catholic school at St. Mary's Residential. Growing up on the Reserve they spoke Blackfoot and English and spent quite a bit of time with their grandmother who told their traditional stories about the Blood and Blackfoot people. In 1980 they began attending classes at the Alberta College of Art and Design but later obtained their Bachelor of Fine Arts at the University of Calgary in 1986.
In 2007 HeavyShield narrated and acted in "Legends of Kainai: Stories from the Blackfoot People of Southern Alberta" produced by the CBC.
Fine art career
My art is a reflection of my environment and personal history as lived in the physical geography of southern Alberta with its prairie grass, river coulees, and wind and an upbringing in the Kainai community (with a childhood stint in the Catholic residential school system). The past, present and imagined make up the vocabulary used to realize my thoughts and ideas; responses and references to the body, land, language. – Faye HeavyShield
Upon entering the Alberta College of Art they began to explore artistic styles finding themselves drawn to working with their hands through sculpture and large-scale installations. Creating these works gave them a feeling of immersion in the materials and concepts behind the pieces.
Sculptural installations
Many of HeavyShield's works are site-specific, such as body of land, first created in 2002. Hundreds of small paper conical tipi forms are placed sometimes solitary, in couples, or in groups, on a wall. The forms are in shades of red, pink, purple and brown. The colors are obtained from digital images of human skin, magnified, then printed on paper. body of land seeks to show the permanence of environments, community, language and history.
These works often display multiples, whether the forms in body of land, boats, small squares of cloth, or other delicate and often hand-created objects. The creation of these pieces leads to repetitive tasks, such as dying clothing – this repetitive process is one that HeavySheilds finds meditative and exploratory.
Heritage
Always a major source of inspiration, HeavyShield's life on the Blood reservation and Blackfoot ancestry flow constantly through their work. In 2004 they created kuto'iis ("blood"), which consists of hundreds of small knotted balls of cloth attached to a wall, painted in red ochre. Similar to body of land in its chaotic placement of the knots, each knot signifies a blood clot. The repetitive pattern and ritualized act of creating the knots has been described as a "re-collection of stories, the sounds of language and song, of home."
From 2007 to 2008 HeavyShield studied Blood beadwork in the collections of the Canadian Museum of Civilization, the Royal Ontario Museum and the Glenbow Museum. Studying the museums classification systems of these objects, they noticed they were stored in rows of drawers or on shelves and often with only small catalog tags. During this study they also thought about the people (mainly women) who created the objects, people whom they and their family are related to genetically and historically. One piece that came from this study is hours (2007); a book, with no text, consisting of twelve bound pages of woven white seed beads.
Christian symbolism
HeavyShield's Catholic education and the importance of Christianity on the Blood Reserve continues to appear in their work. Drawings and sculptures inspired by the wimples worn by the Grey Nuns appear in the mid-1990s with heart hoof horn as well as addresses of prayer in the installation piece now I lay me down, showing semi-abstract fonts placed on a wall reflecting Catholic rituals and prayers. now I lay me down was a part of their 1994 exhibit "Into the Garden of Angels" at The Power Plant in Toronto.
Feminism
In the 1990s HeavyShield was one of the fore-runners in the Canadian feminist art movement. Numerous works during the decade reflected on femininity and womanhood. In 1993 they created sisters: a circle of six pairs of high heels with the toes pointed outward. The installation, representing HeavyShield and their five sisters, symbolizes the strength of women. Utilizing shoes again in 1994's she: a room full of women they bring together twelve pairs of women's and girls' shoes spray painted matte black. This piece is the first time that HeavyShield utilized their own words (eventually bringing their poetry into future work) with framed black and white panels over each pair of shoes, representing "everywoman".
Landscape
Growing up in southern Alberta, HeavyShield lived near two rivers: the Oldman and the Belly. They used to play in the Oldman as a child with their siblings and in 2004 they began documenting the rivers with photographs, which they proceeded to create black and white photocopies of, titling it old man is a river.
Through digital images, writing and drawing, my time spent with rivers – their influence on our bodies and our histories – has been recorded and re-played. And through travels, this engagement with the idea of place and its texture has come to be site-specific.
The piece, shaped like a diamond, consists of one half encaustic images of Prairie grass and one half a large digital print collage featuring inscriptions of their thoughts. This work was displayed in 2005 at the Alberta Biennial.
In 2004 they created camouflage, an installation and performance-like piece that involved HeavyShield placing stones and twigs from the Oldman River, which feature photocopied images of the river and text from the Blackfoot dictionary on them, on the shore of the St. Croix River. Releasing them to the elements, three weeks later most of the pieces had scattered or been carried away by the tide. This piece was created on the 400th anniversary of the arrival of Samuel de Champlain at the site – representing "themes of transplantation and exchange."
Exhibits
Hearts of Our People: Native Women Artists, (2019), Minneapolis Institute of Art, Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
Notable collections
Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art
Heard Museum
National Gallery of Canada
Notable awards
Eiteljorg Fellowship for Native American Fine Art, 2009, Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art
Further reading
HeavyShield, Faye. venus as torpedo. Dunlop Art Gallery Publications, 1996.
Maclear, Kyo and Kathryn Walter. Private Investigators: Undercover in Public Space. Banff Centre Press, 1999.
Smith, Paul Chaat. Faye HeavyShield: Blood. Southern Alberta Art Gallery, 2005.
References
External links
Robert Houle on Faye HeavyShield
"Faye HeavyShield: Strength of the Kainai" Mason Studio
"Faye HeavyShield's Calling Stones" Galleries West
First Nations installation artists
Women installation artists
First Nations feminists
First Nations sculptors
First Nations conceptual artists
Blackfoot people
Contemporary sculptors
University of Calgary alumni
Feminist artists
Artists from Alberta
1953 births
Living people
Canadian feminists
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 114 (P. Oxy. 114 or P. Oxy. I 114) is a letter concerning pawned property, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written in the 2nd or 3rd century. Currently it is housed in the library of Eton College in Windsor, England.
Description
The document is a letter from Eunoea giving instructions to a friend to redeem a number of pawned articles. It contains a number of Greek words not otherwise known, of which the meanings are obscure. The measurements of the fragment are 114 by 165 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
Text
Now please redeem my property from Sarapion. It is pledged for two minae. I have paid the interest up to Epeiph [Epiphi], at the rate of a stater per mina. There is a casket (?) of incense-wood, and another of onyx, a tunic, a white veil with a real purple (border?), a handkerchief, a tunic with a Laconian stripe, a garment of purple linen, 2 armlets, a necklace, a coverlet, a figure of Aphrodite, a cup, a big tin flask and a wine jar. From Onetor get the 2 bracelets. They have been pledged since Tybi of last year for eight ... at the rate of a stater per mina.'' If the cash is insufficient owing to the carelessness of Theagenis, if, I say, it is insufficient, sell the bracelets to make up the money. Many salutations to Aia and Eutychia and Alexandra. Xanthilla salutes Aia and all their friends. I pray for your health.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 113
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 115
References
114
2nd-century manuscripts
3rd-century manuscripts
Henry Martyn Noel Jr. was a former American citizen who moved to Allied-occupied Germany in the aftermath of World War II and voluntarily made themselves stateless in order to protest "a climax of nationalism" they saw rising around them in the United States. Their actions inspired Garry Davis to follow a similar course.
Early life
Noel was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey to Henry Martyn Noel and Dorothy (née Lawson) Noel. Henry Sr. was a native of Missouri, and served with the 103rd Infantry Division in World War I. They later became a chemical engineer at Standard Oil's Bayway Refinery in Elizabeth, New Jersey.
Henry Noel Jr. attended the New Hampton School in New Hampton, New Hampshire, followed by Harvard University (beginning 1940), where they studied philosophy. Their major influences there included professors such as Alfred North Whitehead and Raphael Demos. However, after the outbreak of World War II, Noel and their friends became increasingly disturbed over what was happening in the world; Noel's unease culminated with their withdrawal from the school in 1943. They were living in East Andover, New Hampshire at the time of their enlistment.
Travels and renunciation
After their withdrawal from Harvard, Noel, unable to enlist in the Army due to their poor eyesight, joined the Friends Ambulance Unit (FAU) as an ambulance driver, in which capacity they served in India and Italy. Noel arrived in Germany in September 1947 after working for American Aid to France, Inc., in Paris and in the field. They found work with a German construction firm at Kassel. They earned a wage of 25 marks per week, and lived in a tiny room with no electricity. They subsisted on German rations of 1550 calories per day. In February 1948, they renounced their U.S. citizenship. By October, they had successfully integrated into their new home, and stated they felt "accepted" by the community there. However the following month, Noel was arrested by the French army in Neustadt, Baden.
Reactions to renunciation
The Montreal Gazette described Noel's action as "a gesture bound to be in vain ... their personal error is in supposing that an individual protest of this nature can be effective".
Paul Gallico described Noel as part of a trend of "youthful U.S. citizens with bleeding hearts who renounce family ties, our way of life, and depart these shores to snuggle up to a gang of brutes".
In contrast, The Christian Science Monitor wrote a largely supportive editorial.
Garry Davis also described Noel as one of their inspirations for their own renunciation of citizenship and subsequent creation of the World Service Authority. Soon after Noel and Davis' renunciations, Arthur W. Taylor, an African-American from Chicago, also renounced their citizenship at the United States Embassy in Paris, making them the third former American to become stateless that year.
Marriage
In 1961, they married Cecile Francoise Gillet De Thorey (born September 24, 1921, Paris – died March 20, 2008, Evreux, Eure, France).
References
External links
Picture of Noel in Life magazine
Roster of American Field Service Volunteers, 1939–1945
1923 births
1995 deaths
American social activists
American expatriates in Germany
People from Elizabeth, New Jersey
Place of death missing
People who renounced United States citizenship
Stateless people
James Ballantine Mercer (1842 – 4 November 1925) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.
They were born in Glasgow to tobacco spinner William Mercer and Grace Dixon. They left school at a young age to work as a woodcarver's apprentice in Sheffield, and then worked as a lay reader for the Church of England. Around 1867 they married Rachel Fearnley, with whom they had four children. They emigrated to Queensland in 1883 and moved to Sydney in 1885, working as a caretaker at the Seaman's Institute at Circular Quay. Around 1907 they married Mary Ann Burley in Melbourne. An active Labor Party member, they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1907 as the member for Rozelle. Around 1915 they married their third wife, Margaret Stewart. In 1916 Mercer left the Labor Party as part of the conscription split, and they did not recontest their seat in 1917. They died at Lakemba in 1925.
References
1842 births
1925 deaths
Nationalist Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Anglican lay readers
The Canada Fitness Award Program was a national fitness test and evaluation program operated by the Government of Canada department Health and Welfare Canada from 1970 to 1992. It was a successor to the Centennial Athletic Awards Program, and was replaced by the Active Living Challenge program.
Millions of primary and secondary school children participated in the program. It was discontinued in part because it discouraged those it was intended to motivate.
Establishment
The program was developed by Sport and Recreation Canada, a division of Health and Welfare Canada. It was established as a national fitness program by the Government of Canada, and began operating in September 1970. An official program launch ceremony was held in Lansdowne Park in Ottawa on 21 October 1970.
The program had several objectives:
to promote health and fitness in Canadian youth
to encourage youth to achieve higher levels of fitness
to provide an "opportunity to participate in a continuing award plan"
to recognize physical fitness achievements
to increase public awareness of sports and recreation
It was intended to "create better attitudes towards personal fitness" and to build skills and aptitudes useful "beyond the formative years".
The directorate also operated the Canada Fitness Award Home Training Program, an "everyday physical fitness program", that was established in 1973.
Fitness test
The fitness test consisted of six short duration events for 7- to 18-year-old individuals: the 50-yard run, the 300-yard run, flexed arm hangs, the shuttle run, speed situps, and the standing long jump. It was based on the fitness performance tests developed by the Canadian Association for Health, Physical Education and Recreation (CAHPER; now Physical and Health Education Canada) from a fitness study conducted in 1965.
The test components were designed to measure specific physical capabilities. The 50-yard run was a proxy for speed, the 300-yard run for cardiovascular efficiency, the flexed arm hang for arm and shoulder girdle strength, the shuttle run for speed and agility, the situps for strength and endurance of the abdominal muscles, and the standing long jump for the "explosive muscle power of leg extensions". The test was updated in 1973 to promote an individual's improvement against earlier performance in addition to the program awards, and the 300-yard run was eliminated.
In 1979, a review was conducted by CAHPER to update its Fitness Performance Test, financed by a $CAD100,000 grant from Loto Canada. Its primary purpose was to "establish normative data on the fitness performance of Canadian youths", which was used as the basis for the norms of the revision to the Canada Fitness Award Program. The Fitness Performance Test also incorporated height and weight data, which was lacking in the earlier version.
The revision introduced an endurance run to measure aerobic capacity, and converted the tests to use the International System of Units for consistency with metrication in Canada, which had begun with the 1971 establishment of the Metric Commission. The 50-yard run was replaced by the 50 metre dash, and the endurance run was set to 800 metres for 6- to 9-year-olds, 1,600 metres for 10- to 12-year-olds, and 2,400 metres for 13- to 17-year-olds. The situps were replaced by partial curlups, and the flexed-arm hang was replaced by push-ups. The new tests were included to measure stamina and flexibility.
The revisions were tested at 150 randomly selected schools throughout Canada by about 12,000 students, and the revised program was distributed to all schools in March 1980.
Most youth completed the test at school. Some were tested during touring summer exhibitions, such as at the Saskachimo Pioneer Days, which also had sport demonstration areas for parents. One of the two touring exhibitions appeared at the Canadian National Exhibition.
Standards
The program defined national standards for four performance levels (Excellence, Gold, Silver, and Bronze) by age, sex, and activity, for participants from 6 to 17 years old. The standards were updated in the 1980 program revision.
For example, the standards for the endurance run established in the 1979 revision for the program were:
Awards
All students received a participation pin, business-sized participation card (issued during the 1980s to those who did not score sufficiently well for Bronze status) or a certificate for participating in the test.
Fitness test results were recorded and submitted to Fitness and Sport Canada, which would review them and send awards and certificates to schools to distribute to participating students. The award received was based on the student's performance in the fitness test compared to the national standard. A bronze crest was awarded for an achievement averaging between 55% and 79% on four of the six events, a silver crest for an achievement between 80% and 94%, and a gold crest for an achievement between 95% and 100%. A student who achieved above 95% on all six tests received the Award of Excellence.
From inception to the end of the spring 1980 fitness tests, almost 8 million badges were awarded to the more than 14 million participants.
Perdita Felicien, a hurdler who established the Canadian women's record for the 100 metres hurdles in 2004, stated in an interview with Active for Life that they were inspired to join their school's track and field team because they had received an Award of Excellence in grade 3. They described it as "the first time I felt special in terms of my athletic ability".
Results
The program's participation rate was 9% in its first year, and it rose to 28% by 1979. A review by CAHPER in 1980 found that the physical condition of boys and girls improved between 1965 and 1980, and that girls in 1980 performed better than boys of the same age in 1965. The times for the dash were notable, as the times recorded in the 1966 study were for the 50-yard dash, and the times for the 1980 study for the dash.
The study results showed that by 1980 participants were receiving more awards because the fitness test was not as challenging to increasingly fit participants. Fitness improvements were partly attributed to "increases in compulsory physical education programs in primary schools", and partly to familiarity with the fitness test which resulted in "practice effects".
Results of the fitness test showed that participants performed poorly in exercises involving cardiovascular endurance. This was exacerbated by increasing inactivity starting in grade 9. The first version of the fitness test was criticised as being a "poor indicator of overall fitness" because it only measured strength.
The program was deemed to be "discouraging to those who needed the most encouragement" because of its focus on performance and awards. Intended to motivate young Canadians to lose weight and increase physical fitness, programs such as the Canada Fitness Award Program and ParticipACTION were found, in a study by Carla Rice in 2007, to facilitate "self-debasement and destructive eating and exercise practices" in girls deemed to be overweight.
Adaptations
The test was used by the Royal Canadian Air Cadets as the basis for the Air Cadet Fitness Programme, and awards received in the Canada Fitness Award Program were eligible for credit in the Air Cadet Fitness Programme. Some of the norms defined for the program were used as the basis for the Physical Fitness Test of The President's Challenge in the United States, sponsored by the President's Council on Fitness, Sports, and Nutrition, and that for partial curlups is still used. The norms and data were also used to establish fitness standards for children with an intellectual disability.
Mascot and symbols
The mascot for the Canada Fitness Award Program was a raccoon, named Vicky the Racoon because of its "appeal to the young people". It was described as a "caricature of a playful raccoon". The Fitness and Amateur Sport Directorate of Health and Welfare Canada conducted a national "Name the Mascot" contest starting in May 1970 open to students between the ages of 7 and 17. Each school in Canada was sent entry forms, which contained a space for the mascot's name, the student's name, and an explanation of the program's importance to youth or the reason for the chosen name.
There were 131,745 entries submitted by the 20 June deadline, which surprised the contest administrators as there had been a rotating strike of postal workers at Canada Post. The winning suggestion "Maxi" was submitted by 14-year-old Monique Ringuette of Saint-Jacques, New Brunswick, who received an all-expenses paid trip to the 1971 Canada Winter Games in Saskatoon for themselves and a chaperone. The national runner-up received $200 of sports equipment, provincial runners-up received $100 of sports equipment, and consolation winners received Fitness and Amateur Sports Directorate branded tote bags.
The mascot was prominent in the national introduction of the Canada Fitness Award Program in September 1970.
The crests awarded to youth featured a symbol based on the triskelion.
Popular culture
The fitness test administered via the program is mentioned in the song "Fireworks" by The Tragically Hip.
The shuttle run features in the Corner Gas episode "Physical Credit", in which Oscar coaches Davis to improve their physical fitness, claiming the Canada Fitness Award Program to be "the last great thing the country ever achieved."
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Are You Fitter Than A Fifth-Grader? at Catalyst Fitness
Fitness tests
Government of Canada
A Sapper Army () was a multi-brigade military construction engineer formation organized by the Soviet Union's Red Army during World War II. Formed to construct large-scale defensive works, sapper armies were used from late 1941 until mid-1942 when the Red Army opted to organize smaller and more flexible construction engineer formations. Although the organization of military construction engineers into an army-level echelon was unusual, the use of dedicated troops for military construction was common to many armies of World War II.
History
Reeling from the German invasion of 1941, the Soviets decided to organize large military construction engineer formations to construct defensive works on a massive scale. The Soviets hoped such works would strengthen Red Army defensive operations and buy enough time to rebuild their forces for a counter-offensive.
Consequently, the high command ordered the formation of the first sapper armies on October 13, 1941. Originally, six sapper armies were formed, but by December 1941 this was expanded to ten sapper armies, numbered First through Tenth. The sapper armies were not only composed of military personnel; "women, old men, schoolchildren and teenagers under the draft age" were also mobilized to serve in the construction units.
The sapper armies worked to construct defensive lines that were made up of battalion and company strong points in the Moscow, Stalingrad, North Caucasus, and Volga military districts. Sapper armies also trained troops for the Red Army's engineers and consequently suffered a steady loss of qualified personnel.
Dissatisfied with the relative lack of flexibility of the sapper armies, the high command disbanded five of them in February 1942 and used the released personnel for the formation of new rifle (infantry) units. Confronted with the German summer offensive of 1942, the remaining sapper armies built defensive works around Moscow and Stalingrad, and in the Caucasus. On July 26, 1942, the high command directed the reorganization of the sapper armies, and by October 1942, the remaining five sapper armies had been converted into defensive construction directorates. The troops released by this measure were used to form new rifle and smaller engineer units.
Historian David Glantz assessed the effectiveness of the sapper armies as having "... contributed significantly to the Red Army's victories at Leningrad, Moscow, and Stalingrad by preparing defensive lines, providing vital engineering support to the Red Army's operating fronts, and serving as a base for the formation of other more specialized engineer forces assigned to operating fronts."
Organization
Sapper armies were made up of two to four sapper brigades. A sapper brigade controlled 19 sapper battalions, each with three companies of four platoons. Sapper battalions had an authorized strength of 497 men, and included woodcutting units, road- and bridge-building units, units dedicated to the construction of defensive positions, and motorized tractor units. Fully manned, each sapper army was authorized some 45,000 to 50,000 men.
Deployment
1st Sapper Army. Assigned to Western Front from December 1941 until September 1942. A 19 November 1941 NKO order downsized the planned formation of a 1st Sapper Army to work on fortifications in Karelia to the 1st Separate Operational-Engineer Group. On 21 December 1941, the Chief of Engineers of the Western Front, Maj. Gen. M. P. Vorob'ev, requested the NKO to form another 1st Sapper Army to exercise more command and control over the 80 separate sapper battalions on defence line construction west of Moscow. The army consisted of ten sapper brigades with eight sapper battalions each.
2nd Sapper Army. Assigned to Arkhangelsk Military District (MD) from October 1941 until February 1942.
3rd Sapper Army. Assigned to Moscow MD from October 1941 until September 1942.
4th Sapper Army. Assigned to Volga MD from October 1941 until May 1942.
5th Sapper Army. Assigned to Stalingrad and North Caucasus MD's from October 1941 until March 1942.
6th Sapper Army. Assigned to Volga MD and the Bryansk Front from October 1941 until September 1942.
7th Sapper Army. Assigned to the Volga and Stalingrad MD's from October 1941 until September 1942.
8th Sapper Army. Assigned to North Caucasus MD and the Southern, Caucasus, and Trans-Caucasus Fronts from October 1941 until October 1942.
9th Sapper Army. Assigned to North Caucasus MD from October 1941 until March 1942.
10th Sapper Army. Assigned to North Caucasus MD from October 1941 until March 1942.
11th Sapper Army. Assigned to Leningrad MD from September 1942 until July 1944.
Footnotes
Sources
Field armies of the Soviet Union
Engineering units and formations
This article is about the American Billboard Hot 100 chart held during the 1990s.
The Billboard Hot 100 chart is the main song chart of the American music industry and is updated every week by the Billboard magazine. During the 1990s the chart was based collectively on each single's weekly physical sales figures and airplay on American radio stations.
The methodology for determining sales and airplay figures drastically changed with the chart dated November 30, 1991. Instead of surveying retail stores and radio stations, sales data was now gathered by Soundscan via a collection of the number of barcode scans a record received while airplay was to be compiled by Broadcast Data Systems, which continuously monitored what songs were being played on radio. As the decade progressed, a growing trend in the music industry was to promote songs to radio without the release of a commercially-available singles in an attempt by record companies to boost albums sales. Because such a release was required to chart on the Hot 100, many popular songs that were hits on top 40 radio never made it onto the chart. Beginning December 5, 1998, the Hot 100 changed from being a "singles" chart to a "songs" chart. Not only did Billboard start allowing airplay-only tracks to chart, it broadened its radio panel to include "R&B, adult R&B, mainstream rock, triple-A rock, and country outlets", which was formerly "confined to the mainstream top 40, rhythmic top 40, adult top 40, adult contemporary, and modern rock formats."
"Another Day in Paradise" by Phil Collins began the 1990s in the number-one position, spending the first two weeks of the decade on top, but its first week at number one was on the chart dated December 23, 1989. Santana's "Smooth" featuring Rob Thomas finished the decade and began the next with a 12-week run atop the Hot 100.
Number ones
Key
– Number-one single of the year
Statistics by decade
Artists by total number-one singles
The following artists achieved three or more number-one hits during the 1990s. A number of artists had number-one singles on their own as well as part of a collaboration.
Artists by total number of weeks at number-one
The following artists were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1990s.
Songs by total number of weeks at number-one
The following songs were featured in top of the chart for the highest total number of weeks during the 1990s.
"Smooth" by Santana featuring Rob Thomas spent 12 consecutive weeks at number one, on the charts dated from October 23, 1999 to January 8, 2000. Its reign at the top of the Hot 100 extended into the 2000s by two weeks, so only 10 of its weeks occurred in the 1990s, making it fall short of the 10 longest running number-ones in the 1990s if going strictly by its weeks at number one during the decade.
See also
List of UK Singles Chart number ones of the 1990s
List of number-one hits (United States)
1990s in music
References
United States Hot 100
1990s
LifeStyles Condoms is a brand of condoms made by the former Australian company Ansell Limited, previously known as Pacific Dunlop Limited. In 2017, Ansell sold their condom business to a Chinese consortium for over US$600 million. Lifestyles HealthCare and all other Ansell affiliated condom brands: Skyn (non-latex condom brand sold globally), Blowtex (sold in Brazil), LifeStyles (sold in Australia and in United States), Manix/Mates (sold in Europe: France, UK and others countries), Unimil (sold in Poland), Jissbon (sold in China).
In 2017, Ansell announced the sale of their sexual wellness business to Chinese companies Humanwell Healthcare and CITIC Capital; the acquisition was completed on the same year.
On November 9, 2020, Humanwell Healthcare, which held a 60% stake in the sexual division (the remaining 40% was held by CITIC Capital), announced the sale of a 40% stake for US$ 200 million to Chinese private equity firms Hillhouse Capital, Boyu Capital and CareCapital Partners, through the subsidiaries LFSY Holdings Limited, Autumn Appaloosa Limited and CareCapital Lifestyles Holdings, Ltd. After this announcement, the new ownership structure is 40% CITIC Capital, 20% Humanwell Healthcare, 18% Hillhouse Capital, 16% Boyu Capital and 6% CareCapital Partners.
On July 23, 2021, Bloomberg News reported that the owners of Lifestyles Healthcare, led by majority shareholder CITIC Capital, are considering selling the condom and lubricant maker's operations outside of China for about US$500 million. Therefore, current shareholders intend to keep the condom maker's business in China after the divestment.
Advertising and marketing
In 1987, in their advert a woman says: "I'll do a lot for love, but I'm not ready to die for it", to directly confront the AIDS epidemic.
In 1996, the company began advertising on television in the United States, where broadcasters had previously been unwilling to air the commercials.
Product line
LifeStyles Skyn Condoms
LifeStyles X2 Lubricated Condoms
LifeStyles Ultra Thin Condoms
LifeStyles Ultra Sensitive Condoms
LifeStyles Ultra Sensitive Lubricated Condoms
LifeStyles Ultra Lube Plus Condoms
LifeStyles Ultra Lubricated Condoms
LifeStyles Pleasure Tripped Condoms
LifeStyles Ribbed Pleasure Condoms
LifeStyles Sheer Pleasure Condoms
LifeStyles Warming Pleasure Condoms
LifeStyles Their n' Them Pleasure Condoms
LifeStyles Triple Pleasure 3-in-1 Condoms
LifeStyles MEGA Condoms
LifeStyles Studded Condoms
LifeStyles Flavors/Colors Condoms
LifeStyles Snugger Fit Condoms
LifeStyles Condom Discs
LifeStyles Classic Collection of Condoms
LifeStyles Condom Pleasure Pack
LifeStyles Premier Collection Lubricated Condoms
LifeStyles Sensual Kit
LifeStyles Ultra Ribbed Condom N' Ring Kit
References
External links
LifeStyles official site
Humanwell official site
Condom brands
The 2019 Columbus Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the sixth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2019 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Columbus, United States between 7 and 13 January 2019.
Singles main draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of December 31, 2018.
Other entrants
The following players received entry into the singles main draw as wildcards:
Martin Joyce
John McNally
Kyle Seelig
Mikael Torpegaard
J. J. Wolf
The following players received entry into the singles main draw using their ITF World Tennis Ranking:
Tom Jomby
Fabien Reboul
Jelle Sels
João Souza
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Gijs Brouwer
João Menezes
Champions
Singles
J. J. Wolf def. Mikael Torpegaard 6–7(4–7), 6–3, 6–4.
Doubles
Maxime Cressy / Bernardo Saraiva def. Robert Galloway / Nathaniel Lammons 7–5, 7–6(7–3).
References
External links
Official website
Columbus Challenger
2019 in American tennis
January 2019 sports events in the United States
The clipper barb (Enteromius callipterus) or Congo barb is a freshwater and brackish tropical fish belonging to the minnow family (Cyprinidae). Its native habitat is from Côte d'Ivoire through the Chad Basin to Nigeria and Cameroon. It was originally described as Barbus callipterus by Boulenger in 1907.
The clipper barb grows to a maximum length of 3 in (8 cm) and a maximum weight of 0.18 oz (5.0 g). It has a slightly convex dorsal profile and short anterior barbels that do not extend beyond the eye. It has a light silverish-golden body, darker on the back. The dorsal and caudal fins have a red-orange base, all other fins are colorless. It has a black spot on the first few rays of the dorsal fin, the tip of those rays are colorless.
Clipper barbs natively live in a tropical environment and prefer freshwater an ideal temperature range of 66–77 °F (19–25 °C).
The clipper barb is of commercial interest in the aquarium industry.
See also
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
Barbs (fish)
Enteromius
Fish described in 1907
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Cyprinid fish of Africa
1976 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 70th water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1976 in water polo
1976 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Nephilingis cruentata is an araneid spider with a strikingly red sternum.
Females reach a length of about 24 mm. The legs can be uniformly dark red or brown, or annulated. Males are about 4 mm long.
Taxonomy
The species was first described in 1775 by Johan Fabricius, as Araneus cruentata. In 1887, Eugène Simon transferred it to the genus Nephilengys. In 2013, Matjaž Kuntner et al. decided that four species of Nephilengys were sufficiently different to require an alternative generic placement. Accordingly, they erected the genus Nephilingis with Nephilingis cruentata as the type species.
Distribution
N. cruentata is found in tropical and subtropical Africa and several limited areas of South America (Brazil, northern Colombia and Paraguay), where it has probably been introduced by humans in the late 19th century at the latest.
Name
The species name cruentata is derived from Latin cruentus "bloody", probably referring to the female red sternum.
References
Araneidae
Spiders of Africa
Spiders of South America
Spiders described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Winter in America is a 1976 song by Doug Ashdown, written by them and Jimmy Stewart. It was released as a single and on their album Winter in America (Festival Records / Infinity 1976). The song was a Top 20 hit song in Australia and The Netherlands.
Lyrics
The lyrics are set in the United States during December and describe a man whose partner left them for another. They express their heartache and sadness, though also hopes she's happier with him.
Background
It was originally titled Leave Love Enough Alone and released in 1974, but failed to become a hit. Only when they retitled it as Winter in America in 1976 it became a hit song in Australia, reaching #14 in Melbourne and #30 in Sydney. In 1978 it also became a hit song in Belgium and the Netherlands.
Winter in America has been covered by Marco Bakker (1984), Gerard Cox (1987), René Froger (1988) and in Dutch by The Kik (2014) as December. Ashdown's original was also covered in 1994 by the Australian band The Robertson Brothers.
Sources
Australian folk songs
Australian pop songs
Songs about heartache
1974 songs
1974 singles
1976 singles
Langley Fox Crisman Hemingway (born August 22, 1989) is an American artist, actor, and model based out of Los Angeles, California.  They are the daughter of actor Mariel Hemingway and documentary filmmaker Stephen Crisman, the younger sister of model Dree Hemingway, and the great-granddaughter of author Ernest Hemingway. Them given surname is Hemingway and Fox is their middle name.
After graduating from Otis College of Art and Design, they began working as an artist and model managed by Next Management. Them artwork is mostly photorealistic pencil drawings, mostly inspired by their childhood in Ketchum, Idaho, and is often involved with fashion.
By 2014 they had been commissioned for design work by Alice + Olivia, Louis Vuitton, and the handbag label TL-180, and designed a popup store for Marc Jacobs, and had modeled in a campaign for Marc Jacobs' Dot perfume and had done runway work at New York Fashion Week. By 2016 they had done design work for Tumi Inc. They have had art shows with Tasya Van Ree, Andrew Kuykendall, and Nothing Serious.
References
External links
1989 births
American women illustrators
American illustrators
Female models from Idaho
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Hemingway family
Next Management models
21st-century American women
Amalia de Angelis or Deangelis (active 1851–1871) was an Italian painter, active in Rome. Them portrait of Monsignor Josip Juraj Strossmayer, bishop of Diakovar, was lauded by contemporaries. They were named an honorary member to the Ducal Academy of Fine Arts of Parma on 15 April 1846. Them painting depicting St Lawrence and the Crowning of Solomon were awarded prizes in exhibitions held at the Campidoglio by the Congregation of the Virtuosi of the Pantheon in March 1846. The latter had also awarded prizes in 1840 by the Academy of St Luke in Rome. They also painted a canvas depicting the Blessed Michele de'Santi, presumably for the member of the Ducal Court in Parma.
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Painters from Rome
Italian women painters
19th-century Italian painters
19th-century Italian women artists
Dynamism of a Human Body: Boxer is a dynamism drawing created by the futurist Italian artist Umberto Boccioni. The work was intended to show a subject in between a state of motion and stillness.
Background
Painter Umberto Boccioni, one of the earliest members of the school of futurism, had in 1912 found an interest in sculpture. During the early stages of their pursuit, Boccioni found themselves working on the dynamism of forms. Boccioni wanted to find a single form which would capture all movement, as opposed to having a series of images. Viewing the past as a constraining force, Boccioni wanted to separate Italian art from the old methods and techniques. Boccioni had declared that "plastic dynamism is the simultaneous action of the motion characteristic of the object, mixed with the transformation which the object undergoes in relation to its mobile and immobile environment". Ultimately, Boccioni sought a form that was caught between spatial and temporal components.
Subject and Themes
According to Ester Coen, Boccioni's primary aim with the painting was the "exploration of spatial solutions". The work departs from Boccioni's more usual style into three dimensions. Boccioni wrote that the painting is meant not to be viewed in any type of motion or fixed presence, but rather in such a way that it would "decompose according to the tendencies of its forces". Despite the abstractness of the painting, the viewer can make out movement by view of the contours and bundles of muscles. In general, the series of Boccioni's dynamisms attempt to document progressive movement through its various elements.
Exhibition
The work was part of a forty-six drawing series. These drawings were displayed in the spring of 1914 at Florence.
References
Citations
Works Cited
1913 drawings
Futurist paintings
Works by Umberto Boccioni
was a Japanese actor active from 1936 to 1977. A popular star of the Shōchiku film studios, they are best known for their appearances in the films of Yasujirō Ozu, Keisuke Kinoshita, Heinosuke Gosho and Hiroshi Shimizu.
Selected filmography
1936: The New Road (Part one) (新道前篇, Shindo: Zenpen) – dir. Heinosuke Gosho
1937: What Did the Lady Forget? (淑女は何を忘れたか, Shukujo wa nani o wasureta ka) – dir. Yasujirō Ozu
1937: Konjiki yasha (金色夜叉) – dir. Hiroshi Shimizu
1937: Forget Love for Now (恋も忘れて, Koi mo wasurete) – dir. Hiroshi Shimizu
1942: There Was a Father (父ありき, Chichi Ariki) – dir. Yasujirō Ozu
1944: Army (陸軍, Rikugun) – dir. Keisuke Kinoshita
1948: A Hen in the Wind (風の中の牝鶏, Kaze no naka no mendori) – dir. Yasujirō Ozu
1949: A Toast to the Young Miss (お嬢さん乾杯, Ojōsan kanpai) – dir. Keisuke Kinoshita
1951: Carmen Comes Home (カルメン故郷に帰る, Karumen kokyō ni kaeru) – dir. Keisuke Kinoshita
1951: Early Summer (麦秋, Bakushu) – dir. Yasujirō Ozu
1953: Mogura Yokochō (もぐら横丁) – dir. Hiroshi Shimizu
1954: An Inn at Osaka (大阪の宿, Osaka no yado) – dir. Heinosuke Gosho
1954: The Cock Crows Twice (鶏はふたゝび鳴く, Niwatori wa futatabi naku) – dir. Heinosuke Gosho
1955: The Moon Has Risen (月は昇りぬ, Tsuki wa noborinu) – dir. Kinuyo Tanaka
1955: The Maid's Kid (女中ッ子, Jochūkko) – dir. Tomotaka Tasaka
1956: Sudden Rain (驟雨, Shūu) – dir. Mikio Naruse
References
External links
Bibliography
1912 births
1978 deaths
20th-century Japanese male actors
The Eagle Lake and West Branch Railroad was a forest railway built to transfer pulpwood between drainage basins in the Maine North Woods. The railroad operated only a few years in a location so remote the steam locomotives were never scrapped and remain exposed to the elements at the site of the Eagle Lake Tramway. Its tracks were located in Penobscot County and Piscataquis County.
History
Spruce forests of the Maine North Woods were a source of pulpwood throughout the 20th century. Trees were bucked into 4-foot (1.2-meter) lengths and loaded onto sleds towed by draft animals or log haulers to the nearest river or lake. Log drives would float the pulpwood logs to a downstream paper mill when the snow and ice melted. Pulpwood harvested in the upper Allagash River drainage was destined for Great Northern Paper Company paper mill on the West Branch Penobscot River in Millinocket. The problem was getting the pulpwood out of the north-flowing Allagash River into the east-flowing Penobscot River.
Umbazooksus and Eagle Lake Railroad
During the winter of 1926-27, Édouard Lacroix's Madawaska Company used log haulers to move heavy railway equipment overland from Lac-Frontière, Quebec to Churchill Depot and then over frozen Churchill Lake and Eagle Lake. The log haulers delivered two steam locomotives, two Plymouth gasoline-powered switchers, miles of steel rail, and sixty railroad cars for carrying pulpwood. Each railroad car was 32 feet (9.7 m) long with high, slatted sides to hold 12 cords of pulpwood. Three diesel-powered conveyors were built to lift pulpwood logs from Eagle Lake to a height of 25 feet (7.6 m) over a distance of 225 feet (68 m). Each conveyor could fill a railroad car in 18 minutes. Lacroix completed the Umbazooksus and Eagle Lake Railroad to a pulpwood-unloading trestle at the north end of Umbazooksus Lake. Lacroix's railroad included a 1500-foot (460 m) long trestle across the north end of Chamberlain Lake.
Great Northern Paper Company accepted Lacroix's railroad on 1 June 1927 and renamed it the Eagle Lake and West Branch Railroad.
Operations
Supplies to operate the railroad arrived from the opposite direction. National railway system deliveries to Greenville, Maine were transported over 45 miles of road, and then across Chesuncook Lake on the side-wheel steamboat A. B. Smith. Great Northern Paper Company built the Chesuncook and Chamberlain Lake Railroad from the steam boat landing at the north end of Chesuncook Lake along the eastern shore of Umbazooksus Lake to the pulpwood unloading pier at the north end of Umbazooksus Lake. Both steam locomotives had been converted to burn oil, so drums of petroleum products to fuel the pulpwood conveyors, switchers and steam locomotives became a major freight commodity over Chesuncook Lake.
Routine operations involved two trains moving ten or twelve loaded pulpwood cars south from Eagle Lake to Umbazooksus Lake, and empty pulpwood cars northward in a round trip taking about 3 hours. The two trains would pass at a midpoint siding. One Plymouth switcher shunted loading cars at Eagle Lake and the other shunted unloading cars at Umbazooksus Lake. The inland rail of the 600-foot (180 m) long pulpwood-unloading pier was six inches (15 cm) higher than the lakeside rail to expedite unloading. The floor of each pulpwood car sloped 12 inches (30 cm) to the unloading side; and the slatted side of the car was hinged at the top to swing open when latches were released so the pulpwood would slide out of the car into Umbazooksus Lake. Bark breaking off the pulpwood logs accumulated so the Plymouth switcher periodically dragged a rake adjacent to the pier to keep the water deep enough to float the pulpwood logs being dumped. Normal operations transferred 6,500 cords of pulpwood per week enabling Great Northern Paper Company to manufacture approximately one-fifth of the United States' annual paper production.
Demise
Paper demand declined through the Great Depression until pulpwood transfer ceased in 1933 after the railroad had carried nearly a million cords of pulpwood. The Plymouth switchers found work elsewhere while the steam locomotives waited in the engine house for improved economic conditions. Great Northern found trucks more cost effective than restoring the railroad when business returned following World War II. The trestle gradually collapsed into Chamberlain Lake, but Maine Forest Service employees continued using a motor vehicle over the two miles of track between Eagle Lake and Chamberlain Lake.
The engine house became a popular snowmobile destination in the 1960s; and fittings like gauges, bells, headlights, and number plates began to disappear from the locomotives before the wooden cab of engine #1 was destroyed when the engine house burned in 1969. The locomotive boiler jackets and asbestos lagging were removed in 1995 but the stripped locomotive shells remain a unique reminder of the industrial revolution in the Maine North Woods.
Locomotives
References
Defunct Maine railroads
North Maine Woods
Penobscot County, Maine
Piscataquis County, Maine
Railway companies established in 1927
Railway companies disestablished in 1933
1927 establishments in Maine
1933 disestablishments in Maine
Allagash River
Penobscot River
American companies established in 1927
Ives Antero De Souza (born June 11, 1985 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Ives, is a Brazilian footballer, currently under contract for side Potiguar de Mossoró.  They are 1.73 metres tall and weighs 72 kilograms.
References
External links
fcprogresul.ro
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
CR Vasco da Gama players
Duque de Caxias Futebol Clube players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Volta Redonda FC players
FC Progresul București players
Mesquita Futebol Clube players
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
Rio Branco Sport Club players
Paraná Clube players
America Football Club (RJ) players
Bangu Atlético Clube players
Madureira Esporte Clube players
América Futebol Clube (RN) players
Audax Rio de Janeiro Esporte Clube players
Atlético Rio Negro Clube players
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
The 315th Air Division is an inactive United States Air Force formation. Originally designated the 315th Bombardment Wing, it was activated in July 1944 at Peterson Field, Colorado as a command and control organization for four very heavy B-29 Superfortress bombardment groups. It supervised the 16th, 331st, 501st and 502nd Bombardment Groups in the Mariana Islands during the last stages of the Second World War. Its last assignment was with Pacific Air Forces, based at Tachikawa Air Base, Japan. The division was inactivated in April 1969.
History
World War II
The 315th Bombardment Wing was activated in July 1944 at Peterson Field, Colorado as a command and control organization for four very heavy Boeing B-29 Superfortress bombardment groups. The wing trained in Colorado while subordinate groups were trained in Kansas by Second Air Force.
When training was completed, the wing headquarters moved to Guam in the Mariana Islands of the Central Pacific Area in late March 1945. The 315th was the fifth and last B-29 Wing assigned to XXI Bomber Command. Most of the Wing's Groups and Squadrons flew the B-29B aircraft. The limited-production B-29B was designed to was to save weight by removing all of the guns and sighting equipment used on other B-29s, except the tail gun. The weight savings allowed the B-29B to fly a little higher and a little further. The B-29B aircraft also had two new radar units installed. One was the/APQ-7 Eagle Radar for bombing and navigation and the other was the/APG-15 used for aiming the tail gun. These two radar units gave the B-29B a distinctive shape as the APQ-7 antenna appeared as a small wing under the fuselage, between the two bomb bay doors and the APG-15 added a ball shaped antenna to the tail of the aircraft below the tail guns.
In the Marianas, the Wing commanded the 16th, 331st, 501st, and 502d Bombardment Groups. The 16th and the 501st were the first to arrive in mid April; the 331st and 502d arrived in mid-May 1945.
Its groups flew "shakedown" missions against Japanese targets on Moen Island, Truk, and other points in the Carolines and Marianas. The 16th and 501st began combat missions over Japan on 26 June with attacks on the Utsube Oil Refinery in Yokkaichi. The 315th and 502d did not engage in combat until 1 August with attacks on the Mitsubishi Havana Oil Refinery in Kawasaki. For all four groups, oil industry targets in Japan were its primary targets.
The wing flew its last combat missions on 14 August when hostilities ended. Afterwards, the wing's B 29s carried relief supplies to Allied prisoner of war camps in Japan and Manchuria. Due to their late arrival in the theater, the groups demobilized slowly, not returning to the United States until April/May 1946.
The Wing then moved to Ashiya Army Airbase, Japan at the end of May 1946 to become part of the Fifth Air Force Occupation forces. It was re-designated as the 315th Composite Wing in January 1946 and controlled a mixture of fighter and bomber units performing occupation duty and providing air defense over Japan during the occupation era (1945–1950). The division was relieved of occupation duty and inactivated in March 1950
Korean War
With the outbreak of the Korean War, the division was again activated in January 1951 and reassigned to Far East Air Forces. It was re-designated as the 315th Air Division (Combat Cargo) and took over the resources of the Far East Air Forces Combat Cargo Command (Provisional), which was set up in June 1950 in the immediate aftermath of the North Korean invasion of the south.
It assumed command and control of the following units:
437th Troop Carrier Wing (C-46 Commando)
374th Troop Carrier Wing (C-46 Commando, C-47 Skytrain, C-54 Skymaster)
61st Troop Carrier Group (C-54 Skymaster)
314th Troop Carrier Group (C-119 Flying Boxcar)
During the Korean War, its components evacuated wounded from Korea, airdropped supplies and personnel, hauled emergency supplies, material, replacement troops, mail, rations and ammunition, participated in joint training exercises in Japan, took part in numerous combat missions, and operated regular transport schedules within the Far East area.
Cold War
Before combat operations ceased in Korea, the division began supporting French forces engaged in a war in Indochina. From May 1953 – July 1954, it provided Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcars to the French, trained French air crews and maintenance personnel, performed additional airlift missions in support of the French, and finally evacuated 509 wounded French troops from Indochina during Operation Wounded Warrior in June-July 1954. "The 14,000-mile airlift carrying the French soldiers followed an eastern route due to political considerations."
In July 1954, the 315th resumed normal airlift operations in the Western Pacific Area and participated in training exercises in Japan. It continued peacetime readiness operations throughout the 1950s and early 1960s from its base at Ashiya. In 1962, it established airlift support for the expanding conflict in Southeast Asia. Meantime, the division continued its routine airlift in the Far East, flew humanitarian missions, and participated in training exercises when possible.
The crisis prompted by the North Korean seizure of the USS Pueblo in January 1968, found the 315th supporting an emergency airlift to the Republic of Korea.
The 315th AD was inactivated in April 1969 due to budget reductions. Its operational units (314th, 374th and 463d TAW) were reassigned.
Lineage
315th Air Division
Established as the 315th Bombardment Wing, Very Heavy on 7 June 1944
Activated on 17 July 1944
Redesignated 315th Composite Wing on 8 January 1946
Inactivated on 20 August 1948
Redesignated 315th Air Division (Combat Cargo) on 10 January 1951
Activated on 25 January 1951
Redesignated 315th Air Division on 1 August 1967
Inactivated on 15 April 1969
Consolidated with the Table of Distribution 315th Air Division on 1 July 1978 (remained inactive)
Table of Distribution 315th Bombardment Wing
Established as the 315th Air Division on 13 August 1948
Organized on 18 August 1948
Discontinued 1 March 1950
Inactivated on 20 August 1948
Consolidated with the 315th Air Division on 1 July 1978
Assignments
Second Air Force, 17 July 1944 (attached to XXII Bomber Command), c. 14 August-c. 7 December 1944
Twentieth Air Force, c. 25 March 1945
XXI Bomber Command, 5 April 1945
Twentieth Air Force, 16 July 1945
Fifth Air Force, 30 May 1946
V Fighter Command, 30 May 1946
Fifth Air Force, 1 June 1946 – 1 March 1950
Far East Air Forces (later Pacific Air Forces), 25 January 1951 – 15 April 1969
Components
World War II
16th Bombardment Group: 14 April 1945 – 15 April 1946
24th Air Service Group: 14 April 1945 – 15 April 1946
73d Air Service Group: 12 May 1945 – 15 April 1946
75th Air Service Group: 15 April 1945 – 15 May 1946
76th Air Service Group: 12 May 1945 – 15 April 1946
331st Bombardment Group: 12 May 1945 – 15 April 1946
501st Bombardment Group: 15 April 1945 – 15 May 1946
502d Bombardment Group: 12 May 1945 – 15 April 1946
United States Air Force
Wings
8th Fighter Wing (later 8th Fighter-Bomber Wing): 18 August 1948 – 1 March 1950
38th Bombardment Wing: 18 August 1948 – 1 April 1949
314th Tactical Airlift Wing: 22 January 1966 – 8 April 1969
315th Troop Carrier Wing: 10 June 1952 – 18 January 1955
347th Fighter Wing: 18 August 1948 – 1 March 1950
374th Troop Carrier Wing (later 374th Tactical Airlift Wing): 25 January 1951 – 1 July 1957, 8 August 1966 – 8 April 1969
403d Troop Carrier Wing: 14 April 1952 – 1 January 1953
437th Troop Carrier Wing: 25 January 1951 – 10 June 1952
475th Fighter Wing: 18–20 August 1948
483d Troop Carrier Wing: 1 January 1953 – 25 June 1960
463d Tactical Airlift Wing : 23 November 1965 – 8 April 1969
Groups
8th Fighter Group: 31 May 1946 – 18 August 1948
38th Bombardment Group: 31 May 1946 – 18 August 1948
61st Troop Carrier Group: attached 25 January 1951 – 21 November 1952
314th Troop Carrier Group: attached 25 January 1951 – 15 November 1954
315th Troop Carrier Group (later 315th Air Commando Group): 8 December 1962 – 8 March 1966 (detached entire period)
316th Troop Carrier Group: attached 15 November 1954 – 18 March 1955, assigned 18 March 1955 – 18 January 1957 (detached entire period)
347th Fighter Group: 25 September 1947 – 18 August 1948
6315th Operations Group: 20 October 1964 – 8 August 1966
Combat Cargo (Troop Carrier) Group, Provisional, 6492d: attached 21 September-8 Dec 1962
Squadrons
21st Troop Carrier Squadron: 25 June 1960 – 8 August 1966 (detached entire period)
24th Helicopter Squadron: 13 October 1956 – 8 March 1960
25th Tactical Reconnaissance Squadron: 31 May 1946 – 28 February 1947, attached 28 February 1947 – 15 April 1948
29th Troop Carrier Squadron: 27 January-25 Mar 1966
35th Troop Carrier Squadron: 8 January 1963 – 8 August 1966 (detached entire period)
38th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 8 February-19 Jul 1968
41st Photographic Reconnaissance Squadron: 18 September 1945 – 4 January 1946
41st Troop Carrier Squadron: c. 21 November 1965 – 8 August 1966 (detached entire period)
50th Troop Carrier Squadron: attached 1 October 1951 – 15 November 1954; assigned 26 December 1965 – 23 February 1966
68th Fighter Squadron: attached 10 April-24 Nov 1947
345th Troop Carrier Squadron: 1 June 1962 – 8 January 1963; 27 November 1965 – 25 March 1966 (detached entire period)
346th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 7 January-25 Mar 1969
347th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 19 July-18 Oct 1968
348th Tactical Airlift Squadron: 18 October 1968 – 7 January 1969
421st Night Fighter Squadron: 31 May 1946 – 20 February 1947
433d Fighter Squadron: attached 15 October 1946 – 18 November 1947
776th Troop Carrier Squadron: 26 December 1965 – 25 March 1966
777th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 31 March-1 Aug 1968
778th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 1–23 August 1968
779th Tactical Airlift Squadron: attached 7 February-31 Mar 1968
815th Troop Carrier (later, 815th Tactical Airlift) Squadron: 25 June 1960 – 1 November 1968
817th Troop Carrier Squadron: 25 June 1960 – 8 August 1966 (detached entire period)
6461st Troop Carrier Squadron (later 6461 Air Transport Squadron): 1 December 1952 – 24 June 1955 (detached entire period)
6475th Flying Training Squadron: 25 November 1954 – 18 May 1955 (detached entire period)
6485th Operations Squadron: 17 September 1956 – 1 September 1968; attached 1 December 1968 – 8 April 1969
Stations
Peterson Field, Colorado, 17 July 1944
Fort Lawton, Washington, 10–17 March 1945
Northwest Field, Guam, Mariana Islands, 5 April 1945
Ashiya Army Air Base, Japan, 30 May 1946
Itazuke Army Air Base (later Itazuke Airfield, Itazuke Air Base), Japan, 31 May 1946 – 1 March 1950.
Ashiya Air Station, Japan, 25 January 1951
Fuchu Air Station, Japan, 5 February 1951
Tachikawa Air Base, Japan, 24 April 1954 – 15 April 1969
See also
List of United States Air Force air divisions
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
315th Bombardment Wing organization
Boeing B-29B Superfortress
United States Air Force units and formations in the Korean War
Military units and formations established in 1944
Japan campaign
World War II aerial operations and battles of the Pacific theatre
Air divisions of the United States Air Force
The white-chinned thistletail or "colicardo barbiblanco" (Asthenes fuliginosa) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
Description
18.5–19 cm in length. Chestnut-brown above with narrow white eye-ring and short pale grayish superciliary. Very long chestnut-rufous tail. Uniform gray below with whitish chin patch.
Subspecies
The white-chinned thistletail has four subspecies:
Asthenes fuliginosa fuliginosa (Lafresnaye, 1843) - Colombia, Venezuela and Ecuador
Asthenes fuliginosa fumigata (Borrero, 1960) - Colombia
Asthenes fuliginosa peruviana (Cory, 1916) - northern Peru
Asthenes fuliginosa plengei (O'Neill & Parker, 1976) - central Peru
References
white-chinned thistletail
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
white-chinned thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A stratigraphic unit is a volume of rock of identifiable origin and relative age range that is defined by the distinctive and dominant, easily mapped and recognizable petrographic, lithologic or paleontologic features (facies) that characterize it.
Units must be mappable and distinct from one another, but the contact need not be particularly distinct. For instance, a unit may be defined by terms such as "when the sandstone component exceeds 75%".
Lithostratigraphic units
Sequences of sedimentary and volcanic rocks are subdivided the basis of their shared or associated lithology. Formally identified lithostratigraphic units are structured in a hierarchy of lithostratigraphic rank, higher rank units generally comprising two or more units of lower rank. Going from smaller to larger in rank, the main lithostratigraphic ranks are Bed, Member, Formation, Group and Supergroup.
Formal names of lithostratigraphic units are assigned by geological surveys. Units of formation or higher rank are usually named for the unit's type location, and the formal name usually also states the unit's rank or lithology. A lithostratigraphic unit may have a change in rank over a some distance; a group may thin to a formation in another region and a formation may reduce in rank for member or bed as it "pinches out".
Bed
A bed is a lithologically distinct layer within a member or formation and is the smallest recognisable stratigraphic unit. These are not normally named, but may be in the case of a marker horizon.
Member
A member is a named lithologically distinct part of a formation. Not all formations are subdivided in this way and even where they are recognized, they may only form part of the formation. A member need not be mappable at the same scale as a formation.
Formation
Formations are the primary units used in the subdivision of a sequence and may vary in scale from tens of centimetres to kilometres. They should be distinct lithologically from other formations, although the boundaries do not need to be sharp. To be formally recognised, a formation must have sufficient extent to be useful in mapping an area.
Group
A group is a set of two or more formations that share certain lithological characteristics. A group may be made up of different formations in different geographical areas and individual formations may appear in more than one group. Groups are occasionally divided into subgroups, but subgroups are not mentioned in the North American Stratigraphic Code, and are permitted under International Commission on Stratigraphy guidelines only in exceptional circumstances.
Supergroup
A supergroup is a set of two or more associated groups and/or formations that share certain lithological characteristics. A supergroup may be made up of different groups in different geographical areas.
Biostratigraphic units
A sequence of fossil-bearing sedimentary rocks can be subdivided on the basis of the occurrence of particular fossil taxa. A unit defined in this way is known as a biostratigraphic unit, generally shortened to biozone. The five commonly used types of biozone are assemblage, range, abundance, interval and lineage zones.
An assemblage zone is a stratigraphic interval characterised by an assemblage of three or more coexisting fossil taxa that distinguish it from surrounding strata.
A range zone is a stratigraphic interval that represents the occurrence range of a specific fossil taxon, based on the localities where it has been recognised.
An abundance zone is a stratigraphic interval in which the abundance of a particular taxon (or group of taxa) is significantly greater than seen in neighbouring parts of the succession.
An interval zone is a stratigraphic interval whose top and base are defined by horizons that mark the first or last occurrence of two different taxa.
A lineage zone is a stratigraphic interval that contains fossils that represent parts of the evolutionary lineage of a particular fossil group. This is a special case of a range zone.
See also
Chronostratigraphy
Glaciology
Magnetostratigraphy
Sedimentology
Sequence stratigraphy
Stratigraphy
References
External links
International Commission on Stratigraphy Stratigraphic Guide
Stratigraphy
Geology terminology
The 355th Tactical Airlift Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with 906th Tactical Airlift Group stationed at Rickenbacker Air National Guard Base, Ohio. It was inactivated on 1 July 1982.
History
Activated in early 1942 as a B-24 Liberator Operational Training Unit (OTU), later becoming a Replacement Training Unit (RTU) for deployed combat units, assigned to II Bomber Command. Inactivated in April 1944 when heavy bomber training ended.
Re-dgesignated as a B-29 Superfortress very heavy bombardment Squadron under Second Air Force 1 April 1944 at Dalhart Army Airfield, Texas. Initially equipped with B-17 Flying Fortresses for training, due to shortage of B-29 Superfortresses. Moved to Harvard Army Airfield, Nebraska, in August 1944 and equipped with B-29B limited production aircraft.
After completion of training deployed to Central Pacific Area (CPA), assigned to XXI Bomber Command, Northwest Field (Guam) for operational missions. B-29Bs were standard production aircraft stripped of most defensive guns to increase speed and bomb load, The tail gun was aimed and fired automatically by the new AN/APG-15B radar fire control system that detected the approaching enemy plane and made all the necessary calculations.
Mission of the squadron was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands. Dntered combat on 16 June 1945 with a bombing raid against an airfield on Moen. Flew first mission against the Japanese home islands on 26 June 1945 and afterwards operated principally against the enemy's petroleum industry. Flew primarily low-level, fast attacks at night using a mixture of high-explosive and incendiary bombs to attack targets.
Flew last combat mission on 15 August 1945, later flew in "Show of Force" mission on 2 September 1945 over Tokyo Bay during formal Japanese Surrender. Inactivated on Guam 15 April 1946, personnel returned to the United States and aircraft sent to storage in Southwest United States.
It trained for C-54 airlift operations from 1949 to 1950 and for troop carrier missions from 1952 to 1959. Reactivated in 1963 to organize, recruit and train Air Force Reserve personnel to provide tactical airlift of airborne forces, their equipment and supplies and delivery of these forces and materials by airdrop, landing or cargo extraction systems. Initially equipped with C-119 Flying Boxcars for Tactical Air Command airlift operations.
Replaced C-119s with C-123 Provider assault transport in 1967, began training with special operations forces when parent 302d Tactical Airlift Wing was redesignated as a Special Operations Wing in 1970. Inactivated in 1975 as part of post-Vietnam War drawdown.
Reactivated in 1981 as a UC-123K Provider reserve squadron at Rickenbacker ANGB, Ohio for aireal spraying operations. Inactivated in 1982 when host unit was realigned into a fighter group at Wright-Patterson AFB.
Operations
Campaigns: Air Offensive; Japan; Eastern Mandates; Western Pacific.
Lineage
Constituted as the 355 Bombardment Squadron (Heavy) on 28 January 1942
Activated on 1 June 1942
Inactivated on 10 April 1944
Redesignated 355 Bombardment Squadron, Very Heavy on 27 June 1944
Activated on 7 July 1944
Inactivated on 15 April 1946
Redesignated 355th Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium on 16 May 1949
Activated in the reserve on 27 June 1949
Redesignated 355th Troop Carrier Squadron, Heavy on 28 January 1950
Ordered to active service on 1 June 1951
Inactivated on 8 June 1951
Redesignated 355th Troop Carrier Squadron, Medium on 26 May 1952
Activated in the reserve on 14 June 1952
Ordered to active duty on 28 October 1962
Released from active duty on 28 November 1962
Redesignated 355th Tactical Airlift Squadron on 1 July 1967
Redesignated 355th Special Operations Squadron on 25 January 1970
Redesignated 355th Tactical Airlift Squadron on 25 July 1971
Inactivated on 1 July 1982
Assignments
302d Bombardment Group, 1 June 1942 – 10 April 194
331st Bombardment Group, 7 July 1944 – 15 April 1946
302d Troop Carrier Group, 27 June 1949 – 8 June 1951
302d Troop Carrier Group, 14 June 1952
302d Troop Carrier Wing, 14 April 1959
906th Troop Carrier Group (later 906th Tactical Airlift Group, 906th Special Operations Group, 906th Tactical Airlift Group), 11 February 1963
302d Tactical Airlift Wing, 1 Septrmber 1975
906th Tactical Airlift Group, 1 April 1981 – 1 July 1982
Stations
Geiger Field, Washington, 1 June 1942
Davis–Monthan Field, Arizona, 23 June 1942
Wendover Field, Utah, 30 July 1942
Pueblo Army Air Base, Colorado, 30 September 1942
Davis–Monthan Field, Arizona, 1 December 1942
Clovis Army Air Field, New Mexico, 29 January 1943
Langley Field, Virginia, 17 December 1943
Chatham Army Air Field, Georgia, 27 Jan-10 Apr 1944
Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, 7 July 1944
McCook Army Air Field, Nebraska, 22 Nov 1944 – 8 Apr 1945
Northwest Field, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, 12 May 1945 – 15 Apr 1946
Clinton County Air Force Base, Ohio, 14 June 1952 – 14 April 1959; 11 February 1963
Lockbourne Air Force Base (later Rickenbacker Air Force Base), Ohio, 2 August 1971 – 1 July 1982
Aircraft
Consolidated B-24 Liberator (1942–1944)
Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress (1944)
Boeing B-29B Superfortress (1945–1946)
Curtiss C-46 Commando (1952–1957)
Fairchild C-119 Flying Boxcar, 1956–1967
Fairchild C-123 Provider, 1967–1982
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Airlift squadrons of the United States Air Force
Campomaggiore is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, Basilicata, southern Italy. It includes a modern settlement which has replaced the original town Campomaggiore Vecchio, destroyed by an avalanche in 1885 and now a ghost town.
Twin towns
Cesano Maderno, Italy
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Ghost towns in Italy
Savarna Deergha Sandhi is a 2019 Indian Kannada-language Action comedy-drama written and Directed by Veerendra Shetty. The title ‘Savarna Deergha Sandhi' is a word in Kannada grammar. The film is released in Kannada Language starring Veerendra Shetty & actor Krishnaa playing the female lead in the movie. The music is composed by Mano Murthy and produced by Lushigton Thomas, Hemanth Kumar, Mano Murthy, Veerendra Shetty.
Cast
Veerendra Shetty
Krishnaa
Surendra Bantwal
Padmaja Rao
Ravi Bhat
Krishna Nadig
Ravi Mandya
Ajith Hanumakkanavar
Niranjan Deshpande
Madhu Bharadwaj
Plot
This gangster comedy revolves around Muddanna - an uneducated gangster, who is also a grammar freak. They and their gang commit crimes to help society, while also outsmarting the police and never getting caught. But one day Muddanna falls for a beautiful singer, Amruthavarshini. The film is loaded with ultimate fun, comedy, unexpected twists and turns and a musical drama. It has all elements that will leave its viewers in splits.
Production
The film is of rowdyism, comedy genre. The shooting has been done in Anekallu, Mudigere, Tumakuru, Devarayanadurga, Jigani and Bengaluru localities. Mano Murthy has provided the music. Shankar Mahadevan, Shreya Ghoshal and others have sung the songs. Loganathan Srinivasan of Malayalam movie ‘Ustad Hotel' fame, has done the cinematography.
Tracklist
References
External links
For Savarna Deergha Sandhi in Sanskrit Grammar
2019 films
Indian action comedy films
2010s Kannada-language films
2019 action comedy films
2019 action drama films
2019 comedy-drama films
Barmen is a former industrial metropolis of the region of Bergisches Land, Germany, which merged with four other towns in 1929 to form the city of Wuppertal.
Barmen, together with the neighbouring town of Elberfeld founded the first electric suspended monorail tramway system, the Schwebebahn floating tram.
History
Barmen was a pioneering centre for both the early industrial revolution on the European mainland, and for the socialist movement and its theory. It was the location of one of the first concentration camps in Nazi Germany, KZ Wuppertal-Barmen, later better known as Kemna concentration camp.
Oberbartenders (Upper Barmen) is the eastern part of Barmen, and Unterbartenders (Lower Barmen) the western part.
One of its claims to fame is the fact that Friedrich Engels, co-author of The Communist Manifesto, was born in Barmen. Another of its claims is the fact that Bayer AG was founded there by Friedrich Bayer and master dyer Johann Friedrich Weskott with the express purpose to erect and operate a dyeworks.
Legacy
The asteroid 118173 Barmen is named in its honour, celebrating the 1934 Synod which issued the Barmen Declaration defining Protestant opposition to National-Socialist ideology.
Personalities
Friedrich Engels (1820–1895), Marxist philosopher
Julius Kemna (1837-1898), entrepreneur and company founder
Hermann Ebbinghaus (1850–1909), psychologist
Julius Richard Petri (1852-1921), microbiologist
Wilhelm Dörpfeld (1853–1940), architect and archaeologist
Carl Duisberg (1861-1935), chemist and industrialist
Ferdinand Sauerbruch (1875-1951), surgeon
Adeline Rittershaus (1876–1924), philologist and champion for the equality of women
Johann Viktor Bredt (1879-1940), jurist and politician
Else Brökelschen (1879-1976), politician (CDU)
Max Bockmühl (1882–1949), chemist
Rudolf Carnap (1891–1970), member of the Vienna Circle of positivists
Wilhelm Philipps (1894-1971), generalleutnant
Robert Tillmanns (1896-1955), politician (CDU)
Martin Blank (1897-1972), politician (FDP)
Friedrich-Wilhelm Müller (1897–1947), "The Butcher of Crete"
Walter Julius Bloem (1898–1945), author and recipient of the Iron Cross
Liselotte Schaak (1908-undated), actor
Bernd Klug (1914-1975), admiral
Kurt Brand (1917-1991), science-fiction author
Reimar Lüst (1923–2020), astrophysicist
Siegfried Palm (1927-2005), pianist
Population
See also
SSV Barmen
References
Wuppertal
Former municipalities in North Rhine-Westphalia
Friedrich Engels
Anthony Bate (31 August 1927 – 19 June 2012) was an English actor.
 They are possibly best known for their role as Oliver Lacon in the BBC television adaptations of the John le Carré novels Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy and Smiley's People and their role as Bret Renssalaer in Len Deighton's trilogy Game, Set and Match.Gideons Way
Bate's other credits include: Dixon of Dock Green, The Saint, The Avengers, Prime Suspect, Inspector Morse, A Touch of Frost and Midsomer Murders.
Early life
Bate was born the third son of Isle of Wight hoteliers Hubert George Cookson Bate (son of George Harry Bate, a hairdresser and trichologist, of Stourbridge; died 1986) and Cecile Marjorie Canadine (died 1973). Bate was educated at King Edward VI School, Stourbridge, and trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama (Gold medal). During their National Service they served with the Royal Navy Volunteer Reserve from 1945 to 1947.
Theatre
From their professional theatre debut in 1953, Bate's theatre roles included: their first West End appearance in Inherit the Wind (St Martin's) 1960, Treasure Island (Mermaid) 1960, Happy Family (Hampstead) 1966, Much Ado About Nothing and Silence (RSC Aldwych) 1969. Find Your Way Home (Open Space Theatre) 1970, Eden End (tour) 1972, Economic Necessity (Haymarket Leicester) 1973, Getting Away with Murder (Comedy) 1976, Shadow Box (Cambridge) 1979, The Old Jest (tour) 1980, and A Flea in their Ear (Plymouth Theatre Co) 1980. Little Lies (Wyndhams) 1983, Master Class (tour) 1984, The Deep Blue Sea (Theatre Royal Haymarket) 1988, Relative Values (Chichester Festival Theatre and Savoy) 1993–94.
Television
Bate's first television appearance was in 1955 and from then on they appeared as: James in Pinter's The Collection, Rogojin in The Idiot, MacDuff in Macbeth, Javert in Les Misérables, the title role in Grady (a trilogy), T H Huxley in Darwin's Bulldog, Nikolai in Fathers and Sons, Creon in King Oedipus, Victor Hugo in Ego Hugo, Harry Paynter in Intimate Strangers, The Dutch Train Hijack 1976, Dr Dorn in The Seagull 1977, Kim Philby in Philby, Burgess and Maclean 1977 (nominated Best Actor Monte Carlo Festival 1978), An Englishman's Castle (1978), the title role in The Trial of Uri Urlov 1978, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy 1978, Crime and Punishment 1979, Tis Pity She's A Whore 1980, The Human Crocodile 1980, Smiley's People 1982, A Woman Called Golda (with Ingrid Bergman) 1982, J A D Ingres in Artists and Models 1983, Shackleton, Game, Set and Match (TV mini series 1988), War and Remembrance 1988, Inspector Morse (Dr Crowther in Last Bus to Woodstock) 1988, Countdown to War 1989, Agatha Christie's Poirot 1990, Medics 1991 and 1992, Prime Suspect 1994, Rebecca 1996, A Touch of Frost 1996, Bodyguards 1996, Silent Witness 1997, Midsomer Murders 2000. They also appeared in Spindoe and Beasts.
Films
Bate's film credits include Dentist in the Chair (1960), Dentist on the Job (1961), Payroll (1961), A Prize of Arms (1962), Act of Murder (1964), Ghost Story (1974), Give My Regards to Broad Street (1984), Eminent Domain (1990) and Nowhere in Africa (2001) (winner Oscar for Best Film in a Foreign Language). They were a member of BAFTA from 1985.
Personal life
On 22 May 1954 they married Diana Fay, the daughter of Kenneth Alfred Charles Caws Watson (d. 29 October 1940), of Seaview, Isle of Wight. Their two sons are Gavin Watson (born 1961) and Mark Hewitt (born 1963).
Death
Bate died at St. Mary's Hospital, Isle of Wight, on 19 June 2012 at the age of 84, after a brief illness. They had been rushed into the hospital on 17 June because of their condition. They were survived by their wife Diana and their two children.
References
External links
1927 births
2012 deaths
English male stage actors
English male television actors
Alumni of the Royal Central School of Speech and Drama
People from Stourbridge
People educated at King Edward VI College, Stourbridge
Casnodyn (fl. first half of the 14th century) was a Welsh language poet born in Gilfai, near present-day Swansea, south-west Wales.
Bibliography
R. Iestyn Daniel (ed.), Gwaith Casnodyn (Aberystwyth, 1999). The only complete edition o Casnodyn's poetry.
Welsh-language poets
14th-century Welsh poets
Leandra Faye Little (born 8 November 1984) is an English former professional footballer who most recently played as a defender for Sheffield United of the FA Women's Championship. A former PE teacher, they are the education lead at the Liverpool F.C. Women's Academy and an education welfare officer for The Football Association.
Basketball
Prior to their football career, Little represented the England women's national basketball team and played for the City of Sheffield Hatters from 2003 to 2007. Disappointed to be left off the longlist for the Great Britain women's national basketball team at the 2012 London Olympics, Little decided to play football instead.
Football
In 2007 Little joined Lincoln Ladies, becoming an important defender in the team which consistently challenged for promotion from the FA Women's Premier League Northern Division. When Lincoln were accepted into the FA WSL, Little performed well in the inaugural 2011 season, being named Manager's Player of the Year.
In December 2011, Little transferred to Lincoln's FA WSL rivals Doncaster Rovers Belles. In six years with the South Yorkshire outfit, they rose to captain status and grew to love the club: "They hold a dear place in my heart". Although Little helped Doncaster win the 2017–18 FA WSL 2 title, the impecunious fallen giants were refused a WSL license for the following season and consigned to the FA Women's National League.
References
External links
Doncaster Rovers Belles player profile
1984 births
Living people
English women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Women's Super League players
Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. Women players
Sheffield United W.F.C. players
English women's basketball players
FA Women's National League players
People from Brixham
Notts County L.F.C. players
Pope Pius V (r. 1566–1572) created 21 cardinals in three consistories.
March 6, 1566
Michele Bonelli
March 24, 1568
Diego de Espinosa
Jérôme Souchier
Gianpaolo Della Chiesa
Antonio Carafa
May 17, 1570
Marcantonio Maffei
Gaspar Cervantes de Gaeta
Giulio Antonio Santorio
Pier Donato Cesi
Carlo Grassi
Charles d'Angennes de Rambouillet
Felice Peretti di Montalto
Giovanni Aldobrandini
Girolamo Rusticucci
Giulio Acquaviva d'Aragona
Gaspar de Zúñiga y Avellaneda
Nicolas de Pellevé
Archangelo de' Bianchi
Paolo Burali d'Arezzo
Vincenzo Giustiniani
Gian Girolamo Albani
References
Pius 5
16th-century Catholicism
Pope Pius V
College of Cardinals
Cardinals created by Pope Pius V
Montana has a wide variety of invasive aquatic species ranging from algae to alligators. The effect each invasive species has on the environment varies greatly, some species are devastating while others are negligible. Aquatic plants and algae may easily be transported from lake to lake by boaters who do not take the necessary precautions when launching their boats into new bodies of water. Sometimes pet owners may release their pets into a non native habitat where they will actually thrive and eventually establish a population and then begin to displace the native species that it competes with.
Algae
Amphibians
Fish
Aquatic Mammals
Mollusks
Aquatic Plants
Reptiles
Crustaceans
References
Montana
Invasive species in North America
Lion Flag may refer to:
Flag of Sri Lanka, featuring a lion and commonly called Lion Flag
Flag of Flanders, featuring a lion and called Flemish Lion or Lion Flag
The Palm is an international chain of American fine-dining steakhouses that began in 1926. The original location was in New York City at 837 Second Avenue (between East 44th Street and East 45th Street) in Manhattan.
Since its beginnings, management has opened additional restaurants throughout the United States, Puerto Rico and Mexico. The Palm is notable for steak, lobster, traditional Italian dishes and the caricatures of celebrities on its walls.
History
Italian immigrants Pio Bozzi and John Ganzi opened the first Palm restaurant in 1926. It was originally intended to be named La Parma, but a city licensing clerk misunderstood the thick Italian accent of the founders. The owners found it was easier to change the name than to get the license reissued.
The Palm served as a luncheon and dinner club for members of the city's newspapers for many years. The New York Daily Mirror and King Features (cartoon syndicated) were located on 45th Street between Second and Third Avenues; the Daily News, United Press (later United Press International) and United Features (cartoon syndicate) were located in the Daily News Building on 42nd Street and Second Avenue. The Herald Tribune was on 41st Street and Third Avenue and the World Telegram was on 49th Street and Third Avenue. The proximity of the cartoon syndicates led to the colorful caricatures on the walls. The original Palm consisted of one room at 837 Second Avenue, then it expanded to the second room and eventually to the second floor before opening across the street.
Cuisine
When the Palm opened, it operated as a conventional Italian restaurant offering fare similar to that found in New York's Little Italy neighborhood. Early in its history, however, Bozzi and Ganzi fielded a request for steak and the owners broiled it after retrieving meat from a Second Avenue butcher. As related in the Palm cook book, the first request led to others and the items were put on the menu.
Later, the Palm added Nova Scotia lobsters and aged USDA Prime beef, often served bone-in, as well as a selection of salads.
It opened a restaurant in London employing Jason Wallis as executive head chef in 2009. It has since closed. It was opened on the site of Drones, a former Marco Pierre White restaurant.
Caricatures
A defining feature of the restaurant's brand has been the celebrity walls of caricatures drawn directly on the walls. Those depicted include celebrities, politicians, and sports and media figures.
The Palm's historical materials contend that the caricature tradition began as a twist on the phrase "sing for your meal" where an artist who enjoyed the fare would pay for their meal by drawing a portrait on the wall. Featured celebrities have often provided an autograph next to their portrait.
Later, as the brand expanded, this tradition continued at other locations.
Expansion
The Palm opened its second location in Washington, D.C. in December 1972. According to the company's web site, the prodding of former U.S. President George H. W. Bush, then U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, encouraged the families to open the second location. Bush often quipped that there was a "lack of good American fare" in the capital city.
In 1973, the restaurant's third location, the "Palm Too," opened across the street from the original New York location. During the 1970s the restaurants also expanded to three other cities, Los Angeles, Houston and East Hampton, NY.
The Palm found another home in 2000. The Nashville, TN location opened in the heart of downtown. The restaurant is situated across from the Nashville Predators Bridgestone Arena and is a popular hot spot.
Diversification
In 1980, the company took over the management of two historic hotels, the Huntting Inn and the Hedges Inn, both located in East Hampton, New York. The company also operated its own wholesale meat company, JORM, though now the Company purchases meat from a third party.
The Palm today
Wally Ganzi, the grandson of John Ganzi, and Bruce Bozzi, grandson of Pio Bozzi, are third generation members of the family to operate The Palm, which has expanded into an international restaurant chain.
Today The Palm has approximately 30 locations in cities throughout the United States as well as locations in Puerto Rico and Mexico. The company is the largest family-owned, U.S.-based chain of "fine dining" restaurants.
For frequent guests, the Palm has established a loyalty program called the "837 Clubs," which gets its name from the street number of the original Palm. Member benefits include discounts on meals, "points" accumulation that can be used to purchase meals, a free lobster on the member's birthday and other offers.
The restaurant's motto is "the place to see and to be seen."
During the summer of 2011, the Palm underwent a brand refresh, which included new tableware, uniforms, signage, and an updated visual identity manifested in a new website and a new ad campaign. Additionally, The Palm incorporated a number of new dishes into its menu to coincide with the brand refresh.
Tony Kornheiser, co-anchor of ESPN's Emmy-winning sports television show Pardon the Interruption and former journalist for Newsday, The New York Times, and The Washington Post, visits the Washington location frequently. In recent years, fans of their eponymous D.C. radio show - who refer to themselves as "Littles" - have been known to send or leave notes for Kornheiser at the restaurant, many of which they read on the air. Additionally, several of the fan-written parody songs that Kornheiser has featured as part of the show's mailbag segment have centered around the Palm and its prominent role in the host's life.
In February 2020, Houston billionaire Tilman Fertitta signed a $50 million deal to acquire The Palm steakhouse chain out of bankruptcy.
In October, 2020 Fertitta's company, Landry's, began the process of terminating The Palm's renowned loyalty program, the 837 Club, and replacing it with Landry's own program which is in place at all of their restaurants. Landry's program only provides a cash reward program, which essentially awards 10% of a guest check toward future meals (redeemable in $25 increments). The 837 Club generally provided 7.5% of a guest check toward future meals, but also included more valuable awards at higher redemption levels - including a caricature and party at the Palm to unveil it, and vacation escapes. In addition, guests who spent at least $1,000 at the Palm annually received a free 3lb lobster for their birthday. Landry's is eliminating these longstanding traditions - their own birthday award is simply a $25 credit - which has upset many 837 Club members (many of whom have been members and customers for decades).
Cookbooks
References
External links
Landry's Inc.
Restaurants in Manhattan
Steakhouses in the United States
Restaurants established in 1926
Fine dining
Second Avenue (Manhattan)
1926 establishments in New York City
Kings and Queens may refer to:
A royal family, which often consists of kings and/or queens
Music
Albums
Kings & Queens (Sham 69 album), 1993
Kings & Queens (The Gits album), 1996
Kings and Queens (Axel Rudi Pell album), 2004
Kings and Queens (Anti-Nowhere League album), 2005
Kings and Queens (Jamie T album), 2009
Kings & Queens (Eddie Kirkland album), 2012
Kings & Queens (Audio Adrenaline album), 2013
Songs
"Kings and Queens" (Aerosmith song), 1978
"Kings and Queens" (Killing Joke song), 1985
"Kings and Queens" (Thirty Seconds to Mars song), 2009
"Kings & Queens" (Audio Adrenaline song), 2012
"Kings & Queens" (Ava Max song), 2020
"Kings and Queens", a song from the 2005 album The Circle of Life by Freedom Call
"Kings & Queens", a song by New Zealand singer/songwriter Brooke Fraser
"Kings & Queens", a song by Luna Halo from their self-titled album
"King & Queens", a song by Tyga from Careless World: Rise of the Last King
See also
King and Queen (disambiguation)
Kings and Queen, 2004 French film
Queens and Kings, a 2007 album by Fanfare Ciocărlia
List of monarchs
Rob (stylized as ¡Rob!) is an American sitcom television series that premiered on CBS on January 12, 2012, at as a mid-season replacement for Rules of Engagement, and ended on March 1, 2012. The series stars Rob Schneider alongside Cheech Marin, Claudia Bassols, Diana Maria Riva, Eugenio Derbez, Ricky Rico, and Lupe Ontiveros. The show was produced by Two and a Half Mens The Tannenbaum Company and CBS Productions.
On May 13, 2012, CBS canceled the series after one season.
Synopsis
The series follows Rob (Rob Schneider), a former lifelong bachelor and landscape architect with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, who marries into a tight-knit Mexican American family and attempts to be closer to them, often ending in disastrous results despite their good intentions.
Cast and characters
Rob Schneider as Rob
Claudia Bassols as Maggie, Rob's much-younger wife
Cheech Marin as Fernando, Maggie's cynical father
Diana Maria Riva as Rosa, Maggie's wise cracking and sarcastic mother who sees through all of Fernando's ploys
Eugenio Derbez as Hector, Rosa's brother, Maggie's uncle, and the self-proclaimed "best friend" of Rob
Lupe Ontiveros as Abuelita, Fernando's mother and Maggie's grandmother
Production
The pilot first appeared on CBS's development slate in October 2010. On February 4, 2011, CBS placed a pilot order, written by Rob Schneider and Lew Morton, and directed by Jamie Widdoes. The series' executive producers were Schneider, Morton, and Kim and Eric Tannenbaum. The series then premiered , and concluded on March 1, 2012, after eight episodes.
Episodes
U.S. Nielsen ratings
International broadcast
In Canada, the series airs on Global and premiered on January 19, 2012, after The Office.
Reception
Reviews for Rob were generally unfavorable. Jace Lacob of The Daily Beast described it as CBS's "worst new show" and wrote of the first episode that "there isn't a single Latin name among the writers or producers" and that it "offers a wafer-thin appreciation and awareness of Mexican culture, one that doesn't go beyond guacamole and the occasional use of the Spanish endearment mija (my daughter)." Robert Bianco of USA Today wrote in their review that "Some of this barrage of stereotypes might be passable if even one character were intelligently written and skillfully played, but there's hardly a moment or performance in Rob that doesn't reek of the leftover and the second-rate" and that "Schneider's the only actor who even seems to be trying." In a more positive review, Glenn Garvin of The Miami Herald wrote in their review that the show is a "rather funny sitcom about the cultural collisions that occur every day in an increasingly blended America". The show received a 28/100 rating on Metacritic.
Season ratings
References
External links
2010s American sitcoms
2012 American television series debuts
2012 American television series endings
CBS original programming
English-language television shows
Television series by CBS Studios
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Latino sitcoms
Cubley is a parish of two closely linked villages six miles (10 km) south of Ashbourne in Derbyshire. Great Cubley and Little Cubley are known collectively as Cubley. The parish church of St Andrew is roughly equidistant from the two, but is formally in Great Cubley. The church is Grade I listed. The population of the civil parish (including Alkmonton) taken at the 2011 Census was 232.
History
Cubley is mentioned in the Domesday book where it is spelt Cobelei. The book says under the title of "The lands of Henry de Ferrers":"In Cubley Siward had two carucates of land to to geld. There is land for two ploughs. There are now two ploughs in demesne and four villans and four bordars and one slave having one plough. There is a priest and a church and one mill rendering 12 pence and eight acres of meadow and woodland pasture one league long and one league broad. TRE worth 100 shillings now 40 shillings. Ralph holds it."
Notable people
John Flower, a theologian, was born here in the seventeenth century.
Michael Johnson, the father of the author Samuel Johnson, was born here.
Roy Wood, musician (The Move, ELO, Wizzard), lives in the former Howard Arms public house.
See also
Listed buildings in Cubley, Derbyshire
References
External links
Cubley at GENUKI
Civil parishes in Derbyshire
Derbyshire Dales
Tsi Nesar (rTsis gnas.gsar, also called rTsis lha.khang) is a geomantic ('district controlling' or 'border taming') temple attributed to Emperor Songtsen Gampo who lived in the 7th century CE. However, the original buildings, their precious murals and paintings said to date back to the 12th century, and the nearby temple constructed by Emperor Trisong Detsen in the 8th century to house a famous image of Prajnaparamita, consecrated by Padmasambhava, which survived until the Cultural Revolution, have all been destroyed. A "country-style" temple has been built in recent years incorporating some of the revered ancient timbers from the original temples. It is located in a valley 25 km from Gyantse and 6 km north of Drongtse Monastery.
There were two small ancient temples, the Runo Tsuklakang (Ru-gnon gtsung lag.khang or 'dgon-khang') was built by Songsten Gampo. It consisted of three chapels dedicated to rNam.par snang.mdzad, (Vairocana) mGon.po (Mahākāla) and sPyan.ras.gzigs (Chenresig = Avalokiteshvara). The Yumchen lhakang, apparently founded during the reign of Trisong Detsen, contained a statue of Yumchenmo or Prajnaparamita surrounded by the Buddhas of the Four Directions, as well as an image of mGon.po said to have been made from blood drawn from the nose of Guru Rinpoche (Padmasambhava). The third temple, traditionally attributed to the reign of Emperor Ralpacan (although Vitali dates its foundation to about 1057), was called rGya-phibs, which, from its name, must have been surmounted by a pagoda roof at one time. The "stiff, medallioned robes" dressing the bodhisattvas at Tsi Nesar show Central Asian and Indian (Pala) influences and probably date to the 11th century.
The site is one of the twenty-five main terne, or 'power-places with treasure-troves', of Central Tibet mentioned in the biographies of Padmasambhava. Tsi Nesar is said to contain 'exoteric terma'.
Footnotes
Buddhist monasteries in Tibet
Buddhist temples in Tibet
History of Tibet
Shigatse
Gelug monasteries
7th-century establishments in Asia
The Redfern Gallery is an exhibition space in the West End of London specialising in contemporary British art. It was founded by Arthur Knyvett-Lee and Anthony Maxtone Graham in 1923 as an artists' cooperative on the top floor of Redfern House, 27 Old Bond Street, and in 1936 moved to nearby 20 Cork Street.
Early exhibitions
In 1924 it showed the student work of Henry Moore and Barbara Hepworth, and in 1929, the first exhibition of British linocuts featuring work by Cyril Edward Power, Sybil Andrews, and Claude Flight.
Recent exhibitions
In early 2014, the gallery held a retrospective of British pop art artist Brian Rice. In 2015–2016 it showed work by Sarah Armstrong-Jones.
References
Further reading
The Redfern Gallery - Artists and Friends: Photographs by Karin Székessy. Mark Glazebrook & Karin Székessy, The Redfern Gallery, London, 2006.
1923 establishments in the United Kingdom
Art galleries established in 1923
Contemporary art galleries in London
Dorig () is a village located on the south coast of Gaua, in the Banks Islands of Vanuatu.
Its population counts approximately 250 individuals. Their language is also called Dorig.
External links
Satellite photo of Dorig.
Notes
Torba Province
Scolitantides is a Palearctic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Scolitantides orion (Pallas, 1771).
References
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
"Fishing Blues" (also "Fishin' Blues") is a blues song written in 1911 by Chris Smith, who is best known for "Ballin' the Jack". "Fishing Blues" was first recorded in 1928 by "Ragtime Texas" Henry Thomas on vocals and guitar with the introduction and breaks played on quills, a type of panpipe. It is Roud Folk Song Index No. 17692.
The song ostensibly describes the pleasures of catching, cooking, and eating your own fish, particularly catfish. The refrain includes:
Recordings
1928Henry Thomas, 10-inch 78rpm single Vocalion 1249
1930s{?)Sam Chatmon, included on the 1979 album Sam Chatmon's Advice
1964Mike Seeger, on the album Mike Seeger
1965The Holy Modal Rounders, on the album The Holy Modal Rounders 2
1965The Lovin' Spoonful, on the album Do You Believe in Magic
1966Jim Kweskin and the Jug Band, on the album See Reverse Side for Title
1968John Martyn, on the album The Tumbler
1969Taj Mahal, on the album Giant Step/De Ole Folks at Home
1975 Lillebjørn Nilsen, on the album Byen med det store hjertet
1977Richard Bargel, on the album Blue Steel
1984John Sebastian, on the 2001 album One Guy, One Guitar
1990Nappy Brown, on the album Apples and Lemons
2000Paramount Trio, on the album At the Crossroads of Collingwood and Fitzr
2001Felonius Blues Revue, on the album Sketches in Blue
2001David Thomas, on the album The Harry Smith Project: Anthology of American Folk Music Revisited
2001Claire Tomlinson, on the album Black, White and Blues, Vol. 1
2002Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, on the album Will the Circle Be Unbroken, Volume III
2002Teja and Luke, on the album Better Day
2003Disney, on the soundtrack album Finding Nemo: Ocean Favorites
2003Doofus, on the album Handful of Songs
2003Jean-Jacques Milteau, on the album Blue 3rd
2003Artie Traum, Chris Shaw and Tom Akstens, on the album Big Trout Radio: Songs About Fishing
2003David Thompson and Ben Winship, on the album Fishing Music
2004The Juggernauts, on the album As We Like It
2006Blues Etc., on the album Blues Etc.
2006Ben Bonham, on the album Kids Only
2006The Gutbucket Jug Band, on the album Raunchy, Paunchy, Rootless and Blue
2006Gareth Hedges and Lance Bennett, on the album Candy Man
2006Hell's Kitchen, on the album City Streets
2006Peter "Madcat" Ruth, on the album Live in Rio
2006Someday Baby, on the album Backbone Move
2007Bill and Kristin Morris, on the album Not Your Regular Cup of Tea
2008Steve Baker and Dick Bird, on the album King Kazoo
2008Electric Apricot, on the soundtrack album of the movie Electric Apricot: Quest for Festeroo
2009Graham Hine, on the album You'll Be Hearing from Me Real Soon
2015Spuyten Duyvil, on the album The Social Music Hour, Vol. 1
References
Songs about fish
Songs about fishers
1928 songs
Blues songs
Vocalion Records singles
The Lovin' Spoonful songs
Nitty Gritty Dirt Band songs
Taj Mahal (musician) songs
Okeh Records singles
Alahad TV ( Alahad) is a satellite and terrestrial public broadcaster and television network in Iraq that was set up after 2009. It is an Arabic language network that serves upwards of 85% of Iraq's population.
See also
Television in Iraq
References
External links
Asa'ib Ahl al-Haq
Television stations in Iraq
Arab mass media
Arabic-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2010
Milo Merrit (January 3, 1915 – January 8, 2009) was an American politician who served in the Iowa Senate from the 7th district from 1975 to 1979.
They died on January 8, 2009, in Osage, Iowa at age 94.
References
1915 births
2009 deaths
Iowa state senators
Iowa Democrats
Open Air Suit is an album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall, and Fred Hopkins recorded in New York in 1978 featuring four of Threadgill's compositions. It has not been reissued as an individual CD, but it was included in the 8-CD Complete Novus and Columbia Recordings of Henry Threadgill and Air issued by Mosaic Records.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow states: "The music played by this talented trio is complex yet ultimately logical. The talented musicians seem to communicate instantly with each other and they consistently develop their music in the same direction on this stimulating set".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill
"Card Two: The Jick or Mandrill's Cosmic Ass" - 7:25
"Card Five: Open Air Suit" - 10:22
"Card Four: Strait White Royal Flush...78" - 6:15
"Card One: Cutten {2 Knuckles + 2 Widows + 2 Tricks}/3 X1" - 15:30
Recorded at C.I. Recording Studios, New York City on February 21 & 22, 1978
Personnel
Henry Threadgill - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, baritone saxophone, flute
Fred Hopkins - bass, maracas
Steve McCall - drums, percussion
References
1978 albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
Albums produced by Michael Cuscuna
Novus Records albums
Shotor Khvar and Shotor Khar or Shuturkhwar () may refer to:
Shotor Khvar, Pishva
Shotor Khvar, Robat Karim
St. Luke's Episcopal Church, formerly known as Hope Episcopal Church, is an historic church building located in Fort Madison, Iowa, United States. It is a parish church of the Episcopal Diocese of Iowa, and it is a contributing property in the Park-to-Park Residential Historic District listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
The congregation was founded in 1847 as Hope Episcopal Church. They built the brick, Gothic Revival-style church on a stone foundation in 1857. Burlington architect Charles A. Dunham designed the renovation of the church in 1886, and electric lights were added two years later. A rectory to house the parish priest was built from 1889 to 1890. It was torn down sometime around 1958. The choir room in the church was enlarged and opened to the sanctuary in 1896. In 1905 the congregation changed its name to St. Luke's. The sanctuary floor was lowered and other remodeling projects were completed in 1925. The parish house was added to the rear of the church from 1928 to 1929. It was designed by Fort Madison architect Robin Carswell and constructed by Alhen Brothers contractors. Another extensive remodeling of the church occurred in the late 1940s or early 1950s. The church office addition was constructed in 1966.
References
Religious organizations established in 1847
Churches completed in 1857
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
Episcopal church buildings in Iowa
Gothic Revival church buildings in Iowa
Churches in Lee County, Iowa
Churches in Fort Madison, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Lee County, Iowa
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
1847 establishments in Iowa
Historic district contributing properties in Iowa
Tooned Out is an upcoming American live-action/animated comedy streaming television series set to premiere on HBO Max.
Premise
The story follows Mac, a down on their luck everyman, going through a difficult stage of their life. Things get strange when they start seeing iconic cartoon characters ranging from the Looney Tunes to Droopy. But they're not just there for laughs, they're also there to help him.
References
External links
American children's animated comedy television series
American television series with live action and animation
English-language television shows
2020s American animated television series
Television series created by Jared Stern
Television series by Warner Bros. Animation
HBO Max original programming
Upcoming animated television series
Crassicorophium is a genus of amphipod crustaceans, comprising three species:
Crassicorophium bonellii (Milne Edwards, 1830)
Crassicorophium clarencense (Shoemaker, 1949)
Crassicorophium crassicorne (Bruzelius, 1859)
References
Corophiidea
Torgny Peak () is a bare rock peak 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) west of Fenriskjeften Mountain in the Drygalski Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Photographed from the air by the German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). Mapped from surveys and air photos by Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named for Torgny Vinje, meteorologist with Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60).
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Nate Husser is the stage name of Nathan Huskinson, a Canadian rapper from Montreal, Quebec.
Husser began their musical career in the mid-2010s as a member of the duo The Posterz with Kris the $pirit. The duo released the album Junga in 2015. After the duo broke up, they released a number of solo singles, including "Can't Blame 'Em" and "Catherine", on Montreal record label Cult Nation, and was a featured artist on Charlotte Cardin's 2016 single "Like It Doesn't Hurt" from their EP Big Boy. They released their debut solo album Geto Rock for the Youth in 2017. They followed up with the EPs minus 23 in July 2018, 6° in October 2018, and 23+ in February 2019.
In 2020 and 2021 they released a slew of singles, including "Foot On They Neck", "On Lock", "I Have Been Doing Great (You Can Stop MFing Asking)", "Knocked Off", "I Just Bought Another Neck", "Punk Me", "Jelly", "Iced Out Baby-G", "Clap" and "Gang Signs". In 2021 they released the EP Adult Supervision, and collaborated with FouKi on the bilingual non-album single "Poutine Sauce".
In addition to their musical career, Husser also organizes an annual charity basketball tournament as a fundraiser for youth programs in Montreal's Little Burgundy neighbourhood.
References
21st-century Canadian rappers
Black Canadian musicians
Canadian male rappers
Musicians from Montreal
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Frederick Vinton Hunt (February 15, 1905 – April 21, 1972) was an inventor, a scientist and a professor at Harvard University who worked in the field of acoustic engineering.
They made significant contributions to room acoustics, regulated
power supply, lightweight phonograph pickups and electronic reproduction equipment, and notably, during World War II, invented new techniques for sonar (an acronym that they invented, though the gloss was changed by others). They developed the first efficient and modern sonar system, for this work received the Medal for Merit from President Truman (1947), and the Navy Distinguished Service Medal by the U.S. Navy in 1970.
Education
Frederick Vinton (Ted) Hunt was born in 1905 in Barnesville, Ohio. They received their B.A. and B.E.E. degrees from Ohio State University in 1924 and 1925, respectively, where they were also a member of Phi Beta Kappa, Tau Beta Pi, Sigma Xi, and Eta Kappa Nu. They received a master's degree at Harvard in 1928, and was appointed there as an Instructor in Physics and Communication Engineering. They submitted two doctoral theses: one to the Department of Physics in 1933, and one to the Engineering School in 1934. Both were accepted, but Harvard President James Bryant Conant issued a ruling that no student was allowed to receive more than one doctorate from Harvard University. Since they had already defended the Physics dissertation at the time of the ruling, Hunt accepted a doctorate in Physics. President Conant later conferred the honorary doctorate on Professor Hunt, upon which occasion Hunt joked that this was the second degree they had first earned in 1934.
Contributions to room acoustics
Hunt's Physics dissertation, "The use of a frequency modulated source in reverberation measurements," published in the Journal of the Acoustical Society of America in 1934, described the use of a "warble tone" to improve the reliability of reverberation time measurements in concert halls. Hunt continued this work with their first doctoral student, Leo Beranek. In 1939, Hunt, Beranek and Maa published a theory of the separate decay times of the normal modes of a rectangular room, demonstrating that the initial and asymptotic reverberant decay are governed by the non-grazing and grazing modes of the room, respectively.
Contributions to sound recording
Hunt's contributions to sound recording have been compared to Sabine's contributions to room acoustics, in that both were initiated by a pragmatic short-term request from a President of Harvard. Hunt was asked, in 1935, to record the tercentenary celebrations at Harvard. They discovered that the relatively high mass (50g) of existing phonograph needles limited their ability to reproduce high frequencies. Using a relatively new recording medium (discs coated in cellulose lacquer), Hunt and their colleague J.A. Pierce developed recording needles of less than 5g mass, with substantially improved audio quality.
Contributions to underwater acoustics and SONAR
In October 1941, Hunt's Harvard Underwater Sound Laboratory (HUSL) developed a technique for underwater electroacoustic target sensing that they called the bearing deviation indicator (BDI). In 1942, Admiral Louis McKeehan of the Warfare Branch of the Bureau of Ordnance came to Hunt's Harvard Underwater Sound Laboratory (HUSL) to seek Hunt's assistance with the development of a torpedo that could use acoustics to navigate toward an underwater submarine. Hunt and their students developed an architecture with two transducers, on either side of the nose cone; the "Mark 24 mine" sunk its first German submarine in late 1943.
Hunt created the name sonar to refer to one of the components of BDI. In 1942, Chris Engelman in the Navy Bureau of Ships asked Hunt for suggestions that would make the job of an acoustic ranging technician more glamorous, in order to help the Navy to recruit enlisted men. Hunt proposed using the name sonar for all underwater acoustic ranging equipment. Engelman changed the gloss for the word sonar (to SOund Navigation And Ranging), and wrote an internal Navy memo proposing the term.
In July 1946, the Office of Research and Inventions (later to become the Office of Naval Research), entered into contract Nori 76 Task Order X with Harvard University. The negotiations surrounding this grant have been credited with creating the separation between fundamental research and what Hunt called "motivated research," as Harvard refused to accept funding detrimental to its core missions of education and training. Task Order X was renewed twice, and resulted in a large-scale expansion of HUSL; at one point, HUSL employed 450 people. Hunt submitted the third "project final report" for Task Order X in 1970.
Textbooks
Professor Hunt began writing a textbook in Physical Acoustics in 1948. That book was never published; instead, two of its chapters became books that, because of their focused content, continue to be used in courses today.
The first was Electroacoustics, published in 1954. Among other innovations, Hunt proposed novel scalar forms of Lorenz' law and Ampere's law that permit efficient circuit analysis of electrodynamic transducers. This was done by proposing that, just as the constant j=sqrt(-1) is used to denote 90-degree temporal phase shift, an operator k=sqrt(-1) can be used to denote 90-degree spatial phase shift.
The second was "Origins in Acoustics," a posthumously-published history of acoustics from the time of Pythagoras to the 20th century.
Professional service: ASA and AES
Professor Hunt attended every meeting of the Acoustical Society of America but one, from its birth in 1929 until their death in 1972; they died from a heart attack while attending the 83rd meeting of the society in Buffalo, New York. They were a member of its Executive Council from 1938-1941, and its President from 1951-2, and received the Gold Medal from the Acoustical Society of America in 1969. After their death, the Acoustical Society of America established an annual post-doctoral research fellowship in their name, which has been awarded annually since 1978.
Professor Hunt was an honorary member of the Audio Engineering Society (AES). They were President of AES from 1969–70, and received its Gold and Silver Medals in 1965.
References
Other Documents
Harvard University Archives's file on F.V.Hunt
1905 births
1972 deaths
Ohio State University College of Engineering alumni
Harvard University alumni
Harvard University faculty
American acoustical engineers
Medal for Merit recipients
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
ASA Gold Medal recipients
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Fellows of the American Physical Society
, born was a Japanese actor. Akagi appeared in over 26 films in their short three-year career. Kenju burai-chō series and The Call of the Foghorn are Akagi's notable films.
In 1958, they joined the Nikkatsu company. They landed the lead role for the first time in 1959 film Age of Nudity directed by Seijun Suzuki. In 1960, Akagi won Elan d'or Award for Newcomer of the Year. Akagi was one of the box office hitter of Nikkatsu company alongside Yujiro Ishihara and Akira Kobayashi. At around 12:20 PM on February 14, 1961, during a lunch break while shooting Gekiryū ni Ikiru Otoko, where they served as a replacement for injured Yūjirō Ishihara, Akagi was driving a go-cart brought by a salesperson in the Nikkatsu studio but spun out of control and crashed into a steel door of a large tool warehouse at a speed of more than 60 km/h. They regained consciousness for a time, but on February 20 they fell into a coma again and died at 7:50 AM on February 21 of a subdural hematoma associated with a fracture of the cracked frontal bone, at the young age of 21.
At the time, some of their family conceded to their funeral in the Soto Zen religion at the Dai-enji Temple in Suginami, Tokyo. Later on, their cremated ashes were moved to the Head Temple Taisekiji in Fujinomiya.
Filmography
Kurenai no Tsubasa (1958) (as an extra)
Love and Death (1959)
Age of Nudity (1959)
Kenju burai-chō series 1-4 (1960)
Mutekiga Ore o Yondeiru (1960)
Women of Kyoto (1960)
Ginza Tomboy (1960)
The Blue Beast'7 (1960)
He,Killed Dad (1961)
Kurenai no Kenju (1961)
Akagi is Still Alive'' (1967)
References
External links
1939 births
1961 deaths
20th-century Japanese male actors
Phtheochroa ochodea is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Durango, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Reiner Plaßhenrich is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. They spent their whole career in Germany, playing for SC Verl, SpVgg Greuther Fürth, SC Paderborn 07, VfB Lübeck and Alemannia Aachen.
References
External links
Profile at Alemannia Aachen
1976 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
German footballers
SpVgg Greuther Fürth players
SC Paderborn 07 players
VfB Lübeck players
Alemannia Aachen players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Sportspeople from Paderborn
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Bonnie Bonnell (August 1, 1905 – March 14, 1964) was an actor who played "straight woman" in seven early short comedies, most of which featured the Three Stooges when they worked with Ted Healy, between 1933 and 1934.
Career
According to Stooges biographers, they were also Healy's offscreen girlfriend during that time. In the film Plane Nuts, they play a "fourth stooge", working as a partner to Moe, Larry, and Curly as they torment Healy during their stage act. They were a stage and vaudeville actor for several years before their film career.
Bonnell died of liver failure on March 14, 1964, at age 58 in Santa Monica, California.
Filmography
Nertsery Rhymes (1933) as The Fairy Godmother (billed as "Bonny")
Beer and Pretzels (1933) as Bonny
Hello Pop! (1933) as Bonny
Plane Nuts (1933) as Bonnie
Myrt and Marge (1933) as gate crasher
The Big Idea (1934) as cleaners
Hollywood on Parade (1934) as woman in bar
References
External links
Bonnie Bonnell at threestooges.net
The Third Banana:The Mystery of Bonnie Bonnell
1905 births
1964 deaths
Vaudeville performers
Burials at Woodlawn Memorial Cemetery, Santa Monica
20th-century American comedians
Lieutenant General John Carl Murchie (June 7, 1895 – March 5, 1966) was a Canadian soldier and Chief of the General Staff, the head of the Canadian Army from December 27, 1943, until August 21, 1945.
Military career
Murchie graduated with a Military Qualification certificate from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario in 1915 during World War I. They served with the Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery, Canadian Army, in France from 1915 to 1917.
They remained in the army during the interwar period, where they attended the Staff College, Camberley from 1929 to 1930.
They also served in World War II and became a General Staff Officer at National Defence Headquarters in 1939. In 1940 they became Director of Military Operations and in 1941 they were made Director of Military Training & Staff Duties. Later that year they were appointed a Brigadier on the General Staff at Canadian Military Headquarters in England. They then went on to be Vice Chief of the General Staff in 1942. They served as Chief of the General Staff from 1944 until 1945, and retired in 1946.
They were awarded the CBE in the 1943 Birthday Honours list.
References
Further reading
4237 Dr. Adrian Preston & Peter Dennis (Edited) "Swords and Covenants" Rowman And Littlefield, London. Croom Helm. 1976.
H16511 Dr. Richard Arthur Preston "To Serve Canada: A History of the Royal Military College of Canada" 1997 Toronto, University of Toronto Press, 1969.
H16511 Dr. Richard Arthur Preston "Canada's RMC – A History of Royal Military College" Second Edition 1982
H16511 Dr. Richard Preston "R.M.C. and Kingston: The effect of imperial and military influences on a Canadian community" 1968 Kingston, Ontario.
H1877 R. Guy C. Smith (editor) "As You Were! Ex-Cadets Remember". In 2 Volumes. Volume I: 1876–1918. Volume II: 1919–1984. RMC. Kingston, Ontario. The R.M.C. Club of Canada. 1984
MapArt Golden Horseshoe Atlas – Page 657 – Grids M13, M14
[https://generals.dk/general/Murchie/John_Carl/Canada.html Generals of World War II[
J.L. Granatstein. The Generals : the Canadian Army's Senior Commanders in the Second World War (Toronto, 1993).
1895 births
1966 deaths
Canadian Anglicans
Canadian Companions of the Order of the Bath
Knights of the Order of St John
Canadian Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Canadian military personnel of World War I
People from Edmundston
Royal Military College of Canada alumni
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Canadian Army generals of World War II
Commanders of the Canadian Army
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
Graduates of the Staff College, Camberley
Canadian generals
Royal Regiment of Canadian Artillery officers
Canadian military personnel from New Brunswick
Indian Creek is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia. It is a tributary of Hughes River.
Indian Creek was named after the Indians (Native Americans) who once dwelled in the area.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
The name Cooper Monaco may refer to one of three different sports racing cars built by the Cooper Car Company between 1959 and 1964:
Cooper T49
Cooper T57
Cooper T61
Racing cars
Lovely♡Cat's Eye (ラブリー♡キャッツアイ) is the fourth single by Japanese singer-songwriter misono. The single peaked at No. 9 on the Oricon charts, but dropped in rank to take the No. 15 slot.
The title track was used as a promotional track for the Tales of the Tempest video game, while the b-side, "Tomorrow," was used to help promote Glico's Cafe au Lait.
Background
Lovely♡Cat's Eye (ラブリー♡キャッツアイ) is the fourth single by Japanese soloist misono under the Avex label. The single peaked in the top ten on the Oricon Singles Charts at No. 9, but fell in ranking throughout the week to take the No. 14 position, remaining on the charts for four consecutive weeks. The single was released in both CD and a CD+DVD combo, with the compact disc containing the title track, the b-side "Tomorrow" and their respective instrumentals. The DVD housed the music video for "Lovely♡Cat's Eye."
The b-side, "Tomorrow," was used for promotional purposes for Glico's Cafe au Lait, while "Lovely♡Cat's Eye" was used to help promote the role-playing video game Tales of the Tempest, of which their song "VS" was the opening theme. "Tomorrow" was a cover of the original song by Mayo Okamoto, which was later released on their Sun & Moon in June 1995.
"Lovely♡Cat's Eye" was arranged by Takahiro Izutani, who composed the music for the Tales of the Tempest and for the other Tales of series. Takahiro worked with misono for their previous singles, as had the musical arranger for the song, Susumu Nishikawa of Diamond Head. misono wrote the lyrics to the piece. "Tomorrow" was originally written by Mayo Okamoto in 1995, with lyrics by Mayo and Anju Mana. For misono's rendition, Gakuji "CHABE" Matsuda performed the modern instrumentals.
The single followed them released of Speedrive and was their second-to-last single before the release of their first studio album Never+Land. As with their other singles, the music video for "Lovely♡Cat's Eye" stayed in-tune with the fairy tale theme, this time taking inspiration from the 1908 French play The Blue Bird. Along with The Blue Bird, the theme of Alice in Wonderland is also present, with misono eating a treat and growing.
Music video
The music video for "Lovely♡Cat's Eye" was based loosely on the French play The Blue Bird, most notably the ending, in which the Tyltyl's bluebird escapes before being given to the sick child.
The video opens with misono watching the news, when a wanted poster shows a reward to anyone who can find and catch the escaped bluebird. misono, who is show to be a humanized version of a feline, leaves with a birdcage in an attempt to collect the reward money. After failing to physically catch the bird, a handgun falls from the sky, which they use to shoot it. However, this results in the bird's death. Distraught over accidentally killing it, the timeline rewinds, this time with misono avoiding the weapon. As an homage to the fairy tale Alice in Wonderland, misono eats a treat and grows exponentially. This also results in their failure to capture the bluebird. Returning to their original state, the bird flies towards her, becoming an everlasting symbol of happiness on their nose.
Track listing
Charts
Oricon sales chart (Japan)
References
External links
misono Official
misono Profile Oricon Style
2006 singles
2006 songs
Misono songs
Avex Trax singles
Songs written by Misono
Charlotte Flindt Pedersen (born 19 January 1965 in Aarhus, Denmark) is the Executive Director of the Danish Foreign Policy Society.
Charlotte Flindt Pedersen holds a M.A. degree in East-European studies from the University of Copenhagen (1994). During their years as a student they lived and traveled extensively in the Soviet Union experiencing Glasnost and Perestroika first hand. In 1990, they published the following books: “Experiment – pictures from the Soviet Union” (original title in Danish “Eksperimentet – billeder fra Sovjetunionen”) in cooperation with photographer Stig Stasig, and “Young in Moscow” (original title in Danish “Ung i Moskva”) jointly with journalist Lisbeth Jessen.
In 1996, Pederson began their career at the Danish Institute for Human Rights working with human rights, police and justice sector reform in cooperation with civil society organisations and government agencies mainly in the Balkans and former Soviet Countries. From 2009-2015, they were Deputy Director and Head of the International Division at the Danish Institute for Human Rights.
Since May 2015, they function as the Executive Director of the Danish Foreign Policy Society.
 They are an associate partner at Nordic Consulting Group and board member at the Ebbe Munck Memorial Foundation, International Media Support, the Danish Egyptian Dialogue Institute, and Folmer Wisti Foundation.
Articles and publications
”Menneskerettigheder i Centralasien”, Den Nye Verden, Danish Institute for International Studies, Volume 4, 2006, pp. 123–137
“Fælles indsats for at sætte stopper for handel med børn og kvinder”, Folkevirke, Volume 4, 2005, pp. 5–7
Chapter 3: "Support for the Implementation of Humane Responses to Children in Conflict with the Law in DIHR Partner Countries" in "Juvenile Law Violators, Human Rights, and the Development of New Juvenile justice systems", ed.: Jørgen Jepsen and Eric Jensen, Hart Publishers, 2006,
“Assessment 2000, Juvenile Justice in Uzbekistan” by Charlotte Flindt Pedersen and Jørgen Vammen Jepsen, Evaluations and Reviews of Partnership Programmes – No 20, The Danish Institute for Human Rights, Copenhagen 2001
“Assessment 2000, Juvenile Justice in Kazakhstan”, Evaluations and Reviews of Partnership Programmes - No 19, The Danish Centre for Human Rights, Copenhagen 2001
“Young in Moscow” (in Danish “Ung i Moskva”) by Charlotte Flindt Pedersen and Lisbeth Jessen, Amanda 1990l. It is a Russian language instruction booklet for beginners with facts about the life of Soviet-Russian youth.
“Experiment – pictures from the Soviet Union” (in Danish “Eksperimentet – billeder fra Sovjetunionen”) by Charlotte Flindt Pedersen and Stig Stasig, Amanda, 1990. The book consists of interviews and pictures with people from different regions of the USSR.
References
Living people
1965 births
Danish human rights activists
Danish academics
University of Copenhagen alumni
People from Aarhus
"Linstead Market" is a Jamaican folk song of the mento type that tells of a mother who goes to the market with their ackee fruit but does not sell any, with the result that their children will go hungry.
History
Possibly the earliest publication of the tune with words occurs in Walter Jekyll's 1907 book, Jamaican Song and Story, as item 121, pages 219-220. In Jekyll, the lyrics are as follows:
Carry me ackee go a linstead market
not a quatee would sell
carry me akee go a linstead market not a quatee would sell
oh lawd! what a night! what a night! what a saturday night!
etc...
In Helen H. Roberts' collection of folk song variants based on field work in Jamaica, published in 1925, the version in Jekyll is reproduced, followed by twelve variants. In some of these, "Sollas market" replaces "Linstead market". (Sollas market became Jubilee Market, located on West Queen Street in Kingston.)
For example, Roberts includes a version as sung in Christiana:
Sold me ackee, go to Sollas market.
Not a quatty would sell.
Sold me ackee, go to Sollas market.
Not a quatty would sell.
So whole o' Saturday night,
so not a light, not a bite.
So not a quatty would sell.
In 1975, Oxford University Press published "Linstead Market" in Olive Lewin's collection of Jamaican folk-songs, with these words:
Carry me ackee go a Linstead market,
Not a quatty wut sell,
Carry me ackee go a Linstead market,
Not a quatty wut sell.
Lawd wat a night, not a bite,
Wat a Satiday night.
Lawd wat a night, not a bite,
Wat a Satiday night.
On page 14, Dr. Lewin explains that "Linstead Market still remains a picturesque small town market. The song is now often taken at a much faster pace for dancing but was originally sung slow and plaintively by a mother who couldn't sell enough at the market to feed their children. A quatty was a small copper coin of very small value."
A quatty (also spelled quattie) was worth one and one-half pennies (also expressed as three half-pennies, or six farthings). It was not in fact a minted coin – rather, it served as a standard unit when buying and selling. Goods were commonly sold in amounts which were worth a quatty, or multiples thereof. If the value of a good changed, the amount that buyers received in exchange for a quatty went up or down accordingly.
In all the versions mentioned above except the earliest, the melody is written in 2/4 or 4/4 time, but in Jekyll, the time signature is 6/8.
The melody has been arranged for solo voice with piano. One of the earliest such publications was "Linstead Market: a Jamaican Folk-song," by Arthur Benjamin, Boosey & Hawkes, 1947 (5 pages). Among choral arrangements is one of the same title by A. H. Green, published by Oxford University Press in 1967 (8 pages). The song was included on the compact disc " The King's Singers in 1992. The song was recorded by the English folk group The Spinners, sung by their Caribbean singer Cliff Hall. The song is also published in modern collections, such as Songs of the Americas, arranged by Margery Hargest John, published by Boosey & Hawkes, London, 1993.
More recently, published in January 2014, the album by Monty Alexander, titled "Harlem-Kingston Express, Vol. 2: The River Rolls On", contains track #11, "Linstead Market (Live Bonus)". It is 6:37 long and features a spoken introduction. Liner notes of the album by Monty Alexander reference the track by stating, "... this beloved old Jamaican folk song from way before my time, is one of the staples of the Mento repertoire."
Brian Raphael Nabors arranged Linstead Market 2018 for string quartet, commissioned by Castle of Our Skins for its Celebrity Collaboration Project.
The track was recorded by Rob Macomber in 2012 at Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola in NYC. Additional liner notes from the album regarding the song:
LINSTEAD MARKET LIVE BONUS (Public Domain) Arrangement: Monty Alexander Monass Music/BMI
Monty Alexander piano, vocals Hassan Shakur acoustic bass Joshua Thomas electric bass Karl Wright, Winard Harper drums Andy Bassford guitar Earl Appleton keyboards Robert Thomas, Jr. percussion
Hymn tune
Quite a different direction of development was the inclusion of "Linstead Market," as LINSTEAD, arranged as a hymn tune by Doreen Potter in Break Not the Circle, Hope Publishing Co., 1975. Here, the melody is found with a hymn text by Fred Kaan. This arrangement appears in at least five hymnals:
Presbyterian Hymnal (1990), no. 514
With One Voice (Lutheran, 2000), no. 754
Worship and Rejoice (2001), no. 698
Sing! A New Creation (CRC, 2002), no. 258
Singing the New Testament (2008), no. 166
References
External links
Hear a MIDI rendition of the song
Full album on Apple iTunes: Monty Alexander, Harlem-Kingston Express, Vol. 2 - the River Rolls On. See Track 11: Linstead Market (Live Bonus)
Dizzy's Club Coca-Cola at Lincoln Center, New York City, NY.
Further reading
Walter Jekyll, Jamaican Song and Story: Annancy stories, digging sings, ring tunes, and dancing tunes, London: David Nutt, 1907. Reprinted by Dover Publications, ( pbk); 9780486437200 (pbk), 2005.
Olive Lewin, Beeny Bud: 12 Jamaican Folk-Songs for Children, collected and arranged for schools, London: Oxford University Press, 1975.
Olive Lewin, Rock It Comes Over: the Folk Music of Jamaica, Kingston, Jamaica: University of the West Indies Press, 2000.
Helen H. Roberts, "A Study of Folk Song Variants Based on Field Work in Jamaica," The Journal of American Folklore, vol. 38, no. 148 (April–June 1925), pp. 149–216.
Jamaican songs
Janine Burke is an Australian author, art historian, biographer, photographer and novelist. They also curate exhibitions of historical and contemporary art.  They are Honorary Senior Fellow, Faculty of Fine Arts and Music, University of Melbourne. They were born in Melbourne in 1952.
Education
Burke attended Catholic Ladies College, East Melbourne (1965-1967) before being expelled. They then attended Malvern Girls High School (1967-1970). They won a Commonwealth Government Scholarship which enabled them to attend the University of Melbourne. They graduated in 1974 with a Bachelor of Arts (Hons), majoring in art history. In 1986 they were awarded a Master of Arts at La Trobe University, and a PhD from Deakin University in 2002.
Career
1970s-1980s
In 1973, Burke began to publish art reviews and essays. The following year, they co-curated A Room of One's Own: Three Women Artists, perhaps Australia's first feminist group exhibition with Lynne Cook and Kiffy Rubbo, director of the George Paton Gallery, University of Melbourne. In 1975, Burke was a founding member of the Women's Art Movement in Melbourne. They were commissioned by Rubbo to curate Australian Women Artists: 1840-1940. A national touring exhibition, it became a best-selling book in 1980.
In 1975, they were a founding member of the feminist arts journal Lip.
Burke was the foundation art history lecturer at the Victorian College of the Arts from 1977-1982. They resigned to become a professional writer and independent scholar.
In 1983, after the publication of Joy Hester, Burke left Australia for Tuscany. They had a residency at Paretaio, the house of Australian artist Arthur Boydsituated near Palaia, halfway between Pisa and Florence. Judith Blackall, had established the Boyd home as a studio and residency for artists, administered by the Australia Council for the Arts. Artists resident around the same time as Burke included Janet Laurence, Elizabeth Gower, John R. Neeson and Domenico de Clario.
Burke completed their first novel, Speaking (1984), and began their next novel, Second Sight, which won the 1987 Victorian Premier's Literary Award for fiction. They moved to Florence where they studied Italian at the British Institute. In 1984, they sojourned in Paris, returning to Australia for the publication of Speaking. In 1986, they were a writer-in-residence in Hobart and in 1989 at the University of New England, Armidale. In the mid-80s, they settled in Robe Street, St Kilda, where Joy Hester and Albert Tucker had lived in the 1940s. They continued to write fiction, both novels and short stories, as well as contributing art reviews and essays to journals and newspapers. Burke was an advisory editor to art and literary journals including Meanjin, Island, Art and Australia and Imprint.
1990s
Burke has judged literary awards, including the Hazel Rowley Literary Fellowship and The Age Book of the Year award. Between 1994-1997, they were a member of the programming committee of the Melbourne Writers Festival.
In 1995, Burke published Dear Sun: The Letters of Joy Hester and Sunday Reed, the correspondence between Hester and arts patron Sunday Reed. Tucker made their photographs available for Burke to illustrate the book. Sunday, Hester's closest friend, had adopted Hester's son, Sweeney. In 1981, Sunday and John Reed's home and their art collection became the Heide Museum of Modern Art. When Burke was a lecturer at the Victorian College of the Arts, Sweeney, an artist and a former gallery director, was a mature age student in the printmaking department. Sweeney assisted Burke with their research on Hester. In 1979, Sweeney took their own life.
2000s
From 1996-2004, Burke was a trustee of Heide MoMA. They were a member of the committee which oversaw the restoration of Heide I, the Reed's original home on the property, which opened to the public in 2001. Burke's biography of Tucker, written with Tucker's approval, ran into strife prior to its publication in 2002. Tucker died in 1999 without reading the manuscript. Australian Gothic, A Life of Albert Tucker was Burke's doctoral dissertation and the first biography of Tucker. Tucker's widow, Barbara, objected to the book and refused to allow copyright permission to reproduce their paintings. The book was illustrated with Tucker's photographs which were not subject to copyright, as they were taken before the 1950s. In 1998, Burke had curated the first major exhibition of Tucker's photographs, titled The Eye of the Beholder: Albert Tucker's Photographs which toured nationally. Controversially, in Australian Gothic, Burke wrote it was unlikely that Sweeney was the son of Albert Tucker, but rather of well-known Melbourne drummer Billy Hyde (1918–1976). Burke based their comments on conversations with Tucker, Sweeney, Gray Smith (Hester's second husband) and Nadine Amadio, a close friend of Sunday Reed's. In late 2001, when the row about the book made news, Ken Fletcher, chairperson of the Heide board, asked Burke to resign. It was believed that the Tucker Gift to Heide MoMA, administered by Tucker's widow, was in jeopardy. The gift was worth several million dollars and comprised works by Tucker, Hester, Boyd, Sidney Nolan and Danila Vassilieff. Burke refused to leave the board and the Tucker Gift went ahead. The controversy is discussed by Katrina Strickland in Affairs of the Art: Love, Loss and Power in the Artworld (2013).
The Heart Garden: Sunday Reed and Heide (2004) takes its title from a small, heart-shaped garden of forget-me-nots and chamomile that Reed planted to commemorate their relationship with Sidney Nolan. In the biography, Burke wrote that Reed had assisted Nolan in painting the Ned Kelly series. They based their theory on the close collaborative relationship that Reed and Nolan enjoyed, evidenced by archival research, and by Nolan's watercolour For the one who paints such beautiful squares (c.1946-1947, Heide MoMA) that is dedicated to Sunday. Currently, with film producer Richard Keddie, Burke is consultant to a film project about Heide, based upon their books.
2004-2016
After visiting the Freud Museum London where Sigmund Freud's art collection of over 2000 antiquities is housed, Burke wrote The Gods of Freud: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection (2006) which was shortlisted for the NSW Premier's Literary Award. In 2007, with the co-operation of Freud Museum London, they curated "An Archaeology of the Mind: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection" for Monash University Museum of Art and the Nicholson Museum, University of Sydney. Burke has also curated "Freud and Eros: Love, Lust and Longing" at the Freud Museum London in 2014.
In 2011, Burke staged a photography exhibition, Personal View: Photographs 1978-1986, at VCA Margaret Lawrence Gallery, Melbourne. A book of the same name was published by Monash University Publishing to coincide with the exhibition.
Nest: The Art of Birds (Allen & Unwin 2012) was also an exhibition of the same title which Burke curated for McClelland Sculpture Park and Gallery in 2013. The nests were selected from the collection of Museum Victoria and the private collection of Gay Bilson.
With Adrian Martin, they organised "Impresario: Paul Taylor Art & Text POPISM" at Monash University in 2012. Edited by Helen Hughes and Nicholas Croggan, the papers were published as Impresario: Paul Taylor The Melbourne Years 1981-1984(2013).
In 2014, Burke organised the conference "Kiffy Rubbo and the George Paton Gallery: Curating the 1970s" at the University of Melbourne. In 2016, they co-edited a book of the same name with Helen Hughes.
Awards, nominations and competitive grants
Australia Council for the Arts Established Writers Grant (2014)
Monash University Research Fellowship (2009-2013)
Shortlisted 2007 NSW Premier's Literary Award for Non-fiction The Gods of Freud: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection
Shortlisted 2003 Queensland Premier's Award for Non-Fiction Australian Gothic: A Life of Albert Tucker
Shortlisted 1990 for Miles Franklin Award, Company of Images
Shortlisted 1990 The Age Book of the Year Award, Company of Images
Winner 1987 Victorian Premier's Literary Award, Vance Palmer Prize for Fiction Second Sight
Publications: books
Non-fiction books and art exhibition catalogues
Australian Women Artists: 1840-1940 (1980)
Joy Hester (1983:revised and republished 2001)
Field of Vision, A Decade of Change: Women's Art in the Seventies (1990)
Dear Sun: The Letters of Joy Hester and Sunday Reed [Ed.](1995)
The Eye of the Beholder: Albert Tucker's Photographs (1998) Heide Museum of Modern Art
Australian Gothic: A Life of Albert Tucker (2002)
The Heart Garden: Sunday Reed and Heide (2004)
The Gods of Freud: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection (2006) [published in the US as The Sphinx on the Table: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection and the Development of Psychoanalysis]
Sigmund Freud's Collection: An Archaeology of the Mind [Essay and Catalogue] (2007) Monash University of Modern Art
Source: Nature's Healing Role in Art and Writing (2009)
Personal View: Photographs 1978 - 1986 (2011) with an essay by Anne Marsh
Nest: The Art of Birds (2012)
Freud and Eros: Love, Lust and Longing (2014) Essay and catalogue of works by JB. Freud Museum London
Kiffy Rubbo: Curating the 1970s (2016) Co-edited with Helen Hughes
Human/Animal/Artist: Art Inspired by Animals (2016) Curated and with essay by Burke. Catalogue of artworks by Penny Teale. McClelland Sculpture Park + Gallery
My Forests: Travels with Trees (2021)
Fiction (adult)
Speaking (1984)
Second Sight (1986)
Company of Images (1989)
Lullaby (1994)
Fiction (young adult)
Journey to Bright Water (1994)
The Blue Faraway (1996)
The Doll (1997)
Our Lady of Apollo Bay (2001)
Exhibitions curated
A Room of One's Own : Three Women Artists (1974: co-curated with Kiffy Rubbo and Lynne Cook) Ewing Gallery, University of Melbourne.
Australian Women Artists, One Hundred Years, 1840-1940 (1975) Ewing Gallery and George Paton Galleries, University of Melbourne; Art Gallery of NSW; Newcastle Region Art Gallery; Art Gallery of South Australia.
Still Lives: Eight Women Realists (1978) Victorian College of the Arts Gallery, Melbourne.
Lost and Found: Objects and Images (1978) Ewing Gallery and George Paton Galleries, University of Melbourne.
Self-Portrait, Self-Image (1980) Victorian College of the Arts Gallery, Melbourne and tour.
Bea Maddock: Survey Show (1980) National Gallery of Victoria.
Joy Hester (1981) National Gallery of Victoria.
The Eye of the Beholder: Albert Tucker's Photographs (1998) Heide Museum of Modern Art and tour.
The Heart Garden: A Portrait of Sunday Reed at Heide (2004) Heide Museum of Modern Art.
An Archaeology of the Mind: Sigmund Freud's Art Collection (2007–2008) Monash University Museum of Art; Nicholson Museum, University of Sydney.
Nest: The Art of Birds. (2013) McClelland Sculpture Park + Gallery.
Freud and Eros: Love, Lust and Longing. (2014-2015) Freud Museum, London.
Human/Animal/Artist: Art Inspired by Animals (2016-2017) McClelland Sculpture Park + Gallery.
Exhibitions
Personal View: Photographs 1978-1986, Margaret Lawrence VCA Gallery, Melbourne, 20 May–11 June 2011.
Burke papers and photograph collections
Australian feminist art timeline
Burke's papers are in the collections of the State Library of Victoria and the University of New South Wales Library, Canberra. Them photographs are in the collections of the National Gallery of Australia Library, Heide Museum of Modern Art and Monash University of Modern Art.
Notes
References
Debra Adelaide, Australian women writers: a bibliographic guide, London, Pandora, 1988.
Roberta Buffi, Between Literature and Painting: Three Australian Women Writers, Peter Lang, New York, 2002.
Living people
Australian women novelists
20th-century Australian novelists
Australian art historians
Women art historians
University of Melbourne alumni
University of Melbourne women
La Trobe University alumni
Deakin University alumni
20th-century Australian women writers
Australian women historians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pekka "Albert" Johannes Järvinen (25 October 1950 Iitti – 24 March 1991 London) was a Finnish guitarist.  They are best known as the guitarist of the Finnish rock band Hurriganes. They got their stage-name Albert from one of their idols, blues guitarist Albert King.
Career
Pekka "Albert" Järvinen was born in the municipality of Iitti in south-east Finland, where they at the age of eight started playing the acoustic guitar. They initially studied classical guitar under the leadership of Ivan Putilin. Järvinen received their first electric guitar, a Gretsch, in 1965. From there they went on to play in numerous bands, including the blues band Harp and the rock band Poison. When Järvinen, in May 1972, replaced Ile Kallio as the lead guitarist of Hurriganes, they were already a seasoned musician. They had toured with the singer Kristian and been a key member of the band Kalevala.
In 1975 Järvinen left Hurriganes to play with the Finnish musician Rock-Jerry, who was doing a comeback. Rumor had it that Remu Aaltonen had showed Järvinen the door as a result of a drinking problem that was interfering with their stage performance. Later the same year Järvinen would challenge Hurriganes' leadership position by establishing a blues rock band called . Playing e.g. Cream covers as well as their own material, Royals had a more intellectual image. Järvinen would however have to admit, that while they had the talent, they lacked Remu's charisma. Royals would never form a serious challenge to Hurriganes. As this band split in 1979, Järvinen planned to continue their career in England. Elvis Costello among numerous others wanted them as a lead guitarist. This British connection was fueled by Nick Lowe, who had visited Finland to record Järvinen's guitar solos. Järvinen however returned to Finland to play with Dave Lindholm before rejoining Hurriganes in 1979. This engagement would last two years during which the band would record two albums.
In 1981 Järvinen joined Sleepy Sleepers but was sacked due to heavy drinking. Together with Sleepy Sleepers former drummer Harri Lemola Järvinen formed a new band The Quips which stayed together only for a year. In 1984 Järvinen published a maxi-single Countdown under the name of Albert Järvinen Band. The single was produced and also sung by Lemmy Kilmister from the British band Motörhead. In the middle of the 1980s Järvinen kept a low profile perfecting their skills. At the latter half of the decade, they played with various artist and recorded a solo album Braindamage – Or Still Alive together with Albert King and William Clarke.
Death
Järvinen died during a concert trip in London, UK, in the Spring of 1991, aged 40. The official cause of death was myocardial infarction. Järvinen is buried in Honkanummi cemetery in Vantaa.
Partial discography
Solo albums
Ride On (1974)
Braindamage – Or Still Alive (1988)
Guitar (1990) (compilation album)
Mirror Tower (1991)
Aspects of Albert Järvinen (1995) (compilation album)
Patchy Moss – 30 Big Ones (2000) (compilation album)
Let It Roll: Rocks & Rarities (2004) (compilation album)
With Hurriganes
Rock and Roll All Night Long (1973)
Roadrunner (1974)
Sixteen Golden Greats (1977) (compilation album)
Hurrigane by the Hurriganes (1977) (compilation album)
Jailbird (1979)
10/80 (1980)
External links
Videos of Albert Järvinen Band in YLE Elävä arkisto
Finnish guitarists
Finnish male guitarists
1950 births
1991 deaths
Finnish blues musicians
20th-century guitarists
20th-century male musicians
Audubon/Downriver is a neighborhood in Spokane, Washington, located on the northwest side of the city. There is a diversity of land use in the neighborhood, with single-family residential areas dating from the early 20th century through the Post–World War II economic expansion era, regionally important commercial districts, smaller neighborhood retail areas, numerous schools, large parks, a golf course, conservation areas and part of Riverside State Park along the Spokane River. The neighborhood is the site of the corporate offices for Rosauers Supermarkets, a regional grocery store chain with stores located across the Northwestern United States.
The neighborhood's name comes from two areas within its bounds, Audubon Park and the Downriver area, so named for being located downriver from Downtown Spokane.
History
The Spokane people have lived in what is now Audubon/Downriver for hundreds of years. They fished and camped along the banks of the Spokane river and gathered edible crops near a natural spring now known as Drumheller Springs. A trail passed through the neighborhood, giving its name to the North Indian Trail and South Indian Trail neighborhoods to the north. With the arrival of European settlers, prospectors and pioneers began using the trail as well, as it connected Spokane House at the mouth of the Little Spokane River with the settlement of Spokan Falls at the Falls of the Spokane River in present-day Downtown Spokane.
Spokane Garry, a prominent member of the Spokane tribe who, as a young man, was given a European education in Manitoba, built a longhouse used as a school at Drumheller Springs in 1860. It was the first school established in what is now Spokane. The springs remained a gathering place for the Spokane people until the 1930s.
As the city grew out from its original site along the Spokane Falls in the 1880s, the springs were used to provide water for the expanding city. At this time, pioneer Dan Drumheller located a slaughterhouse in the area, using the water from the springs in the operation.
Residential development intensified in Audubon/Downriver in the early 1900s. In 1905, Frank P. Hogan and John A. Finch, early Spokane developers and business people, donated 33 acres to the city, which became Audubon Park. The donation was made with an agreement that the city would provide landscaping and improvements to benefit the park and Hogan and Finch's housing developments in the area. Finch Elementary, located at the northern edge, was named in their honor. When the Olmsted Brothers gave their 1908 report to the city designing the park system, they included Audubon Park. During the first decades of the 20th century, multiple streetcar lines were laid through the neighborhood. By 1923 streetcar lines stretched from downtown along Northwest Boulevard almost to Garland and from Northwest Boulevard north along Driscoll Boulevard beyond the northern bounds of the present neighborhood. Downriver Golf Course was opened in 1926 along a bend in the Spokane River.
The post-World War II housing boom brought further changes to Audubon/Downriver as growth accelerated within the neighborhood and stretching north. In 1944, Josie Comstock Shadle, the late wife of Spokane business person Eugene A. Shadle, donated land to the city to honor their husband, that became the large Shadle Park in the northeast corner of the neighborhood. In 1957, Shadle Park High School, Spokane's fourth, was built on the park's east side to accommodate the increase in growth in and around the neighborhood. Glover Middle School, named after James N. Glover, the founder of Spokane, was built across Shadle Park from the high school one year later. To the east of Shadle Park along Wellesley Avenue, the Shadle Center was opened in 1961 and quickly became a major shopping district for the northwest side of Spokane. It was the first major shopping center outside of the city center. Shadle Center began to decline after being sold to a Los Angeles investment group in 1976. Many of the department stores that were tenants, such as JCPenney, began to shutter their doors. Competition from NorthTown Mall, about a mile east along Wellesley Avenue, proved too much to contend with. However, reinvestment in the first decade of the 21st century revitalized Shadle Center, and as of 2022, it remains one of the north side's top retail areas.
A 2003 bond measure led to the modernization of Shadle Park High School, which was completed in 2009. The Shadle Park branch of the Spokane Public Library was renovated in 2021.
Prior to 2015, Audubon/Downriver was part of the larger Northwest neighborhood. The two were split at Wellesley Avenue in 2015, with the northern half retaining the Northwest name.
Geography
Physical geography
Audubon/Downriver is defined by two areas of dramatically different topographical relief. The deep and steep gorge cut by the Spokane River defines the neighborhood's western boundary while most of the built-up area is located on a relatively flat tableland that slopes up gently to the northeast.
The Spokane River enters the neighborhood at roughly 1,680 feet above sea level and falls roughly 80 feet before leaving the neighborhood. It cuts a gorge that rises rapidly and steeply on the Audubon/Downriver side. In the far northwest of the neighborhood, the bluff rises nearly 300 feet over a horizontal distance of roughly 500 feet. The bluff is less steep in the southwestern area of the neighborhood, where the public Downriver Golf Course and Downriver Disc Golf Course are located.
Away from the river, however, the terrain is comparably quite flat. The bluff that runs east-west across the north side of the city peters out at the Drumheller Springs, near the neighborhood's eastern border. While the terrain climbs 300 feet over a distance of just 500 feet in places along the river, it climbs less than 200 feet from the crest of the river bluff to the neighborhood's high point in the northeast.
Audubon/Downriver lies within the Okanagan dry forests ecoregion, part of the broader temperate coniferous forest biome. The Okanagan dry forests extend from just south of Spokane northwest through the Okanagan to the Thompson Plateau in British Columbia. Within the developed area of the neighborhood, vestiges of the pre-development ecoregion are visible in the tall ponderosa pine trees, which are common throughout the neighborhood. More intact examples of the ecoregion can be seen in conservation areas such as Drumheller Springs, Downriver Park, and Riverside State Park.
Human geography
Wellesley Avenue bounds the neighborhood on the north, separating it from the Northwest neighborhood. Ash Street forms the eastern border, separating it from North Hill and Emerson/Garfield. Fairview Avenue marks the southern boundary from Ash Street west to T.J. Meenach Drive, which it then follows south for a few blocks to the Spokane River, which then defines the border northwest to Wellesley Avenue.
Almost all of the Audubon/Downriver is zoned as single-family residential. The Shadle Center shopping district, along Wellesley Avenue from Alberta to Belt Streets, is zoned for commercial as a district center. There are also a few neighborhood retail commercial zones with restaurants, shops, and services in the neighborhood, such as at Wellesley and Assembly, Northwest Boulevard, and F Street, along Garland extending a few blocks west from the Garland District in neighboring North Hill, and the easternmost stretch of Northwest Boulevard.
Shadle Park is the largest in the neighborhood at 40 acres and the most developed. Shadle Park is home to baseball, softball, basketball, tennis and track sporting facilities. It has a branch of the Spokane Public Library, a theater stage, gazebo shelters, picnic areas, treed lawns, and an aquatic center with a lap pool and water slides. It is also the site of the neighborhood's iconic mid-century green and gold water tower. The 27.6 acre Audubon Park, a community park, has baseball and softball fields, a playground, basketball court, wading pool, picnic area and treed lawns. The 2.3 acre Webster Park, taking up one full city block, is a neighborhood park with a softball field, playground, and treed lawn. Downriver Park is mostly undeveloped conservation land covering 95.3 acres along the Spokane River in the southwest of the neighborhood, with an 18 hole disc golf course. Drumheller Springs is undeveloped conservation land that covers 12 acres. Surrounded by the Downriver Park conservation area is the public, 18 hole Downriver Golf Course.
Riverside State Park extends into the neighborhood, downstream of Downriver Park, with campsites at the popular Bowl and Pitcher formation in the Spokane River. Unlike the city parks, state parks charge a fee for users who wish to park or camp on site.
Between Downriver Park and Riverside State Park along the riverbank is the Riverside Park Water Reclamation Facility, the largest and oldest wastewater treatment plant in the city.
Demographics
As of 2017, there were 8,813 residents in the neighborhood across 3,732 households, of which 28.2% had children. 19.6% of households were rented, compared to 45.3% citywide. 24.6% of the residents were aged 19 or younger, compared to 21.9% citywide. Those over 65 made up 15.7% of the population, compared to 14.5% citywide. The median household income was $56,444, compared to $44,768 citywide. 31.6% of the population has a bachelor's degree or higher, while 21.4% have at most a high school diploma. The unemployment rate was 3.2% compared to 6.5% citywide. 53.4% of students qualify for free or reduced lunch, compared to 54.5% citywide. 96.2% of residents were born in the United States or one of its territories. Of those born elsewhere, 17% from the United Kingdom, 10.4% from Germany, 10.1% from Mexico and 8.9% from Japan.
Education
There are four schools in Audubon/Downriver, three public and one private. The public schools are part of the Spokane School District.
Finch Elementary, located in the neighborhood, serves the bulk of Audubon/Downriver. Audubon Elementary is not located within the neighborhood but serves the southeastern portion of the neighborhood. Willard Elementary, also not in Audubon/Downriver, serves a few square blocks in the northeast of the neighborhood. All three feed into Glover Middle School, which is located in the neighborhood. The northwesternmost portion of Audubon/Downriver is part of the Browne Elementary district, which is located a few blocks north of Audubon/Downriver. Browne feeds into Pauline Flett Middle School, located just north of Audubon/Downriver on Wellesley. Even though Shadle Park High School is located in Audubon/Downriver, it only serves a small portion of the neighborhood that feeds through Pauline Flett Middle School. The rest of Audubon/Downriver feeds into North Central High School.
Transportation
Surface streets
With the exception of some areas along the steep and winding Spokane River bluff, Audubon/Downriver is integrated into the city's street grid. Though Northwest Boulevard and Driscoll Boulevard cut across the grid diagonally from the southeast to the northwest. T.J. Meenach Drive, Northwest Boulevard, Ash Street and Wellesley Avenue are all classified by the city as principal arterials. Alberta Street, Driscoll Boulevard and Garland Avenue are classified as minor arterials. Downriver Drive and the Aubrey L. White Parkway, which wind along the river, are classified as major collectors, as are A and Belt Streets, while G Street is a minor collector. All other streets are considered local access roads.
There are dedicated bike lanes running along Northwest and Driscoll Boulevards. Belt, A and G Streets carry shared roadway bike routes.
Public transit
Audubon/Downriver is served by the Spokane Transit Authority, like the rest of the Spokane metropolitan area, with three fixed-route bus lines passing through the neighborhood.
References
Neighborhoods in Spokane, Washington
Geography of Spokane, Washington
EUHS may refer to:
East Union High School
Edinburgh University Highland Society
Nati stanchi (a.k.a. Born Tired) is a 2002 Italian comedy film co-written by and starring the comic duo Ficarra e Picone.
Plot
Salvo and Valentino are two happy Sicilian friends, who do not want to work, because they know that if they find a permanent job, their girlfriends will ask them to marry them. Salvo and Valentino, however, when discover that there is a competition from a librarian in Milan, pretend to prepare for the exam and leave with the trump, encouraging parents and girlfriends. The two hope not to pass the test, and they are very happy, spending the days having fun in the Lombard city, also making very poor figures from the "South". When the two return to Sicily, they discover with great amazement and sadness that they managed to pass the test, because they wrote the test answers at random!
Cast
See also
List of Italian films of 2002
References
External links
2002 films
2000s buddy comedy films
Italian buddy comedy films
Films set in Sicily
Films set in Milan
2000s Italian-language films
Monches is an unincorporated community located in the town of Merton, in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States. Monches is located on county highways E and Q northwest of the village of Merton.
References
Unincorporated communities in Waukesha County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Kevin Buckler (born c. 1959) is an American race car driver and entrepreneur. They founded Adobe Road Winery and currently owns The Racer's Group, a professional sports car racing team; TRG Motorsports, formerly a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team; and TRG-AMR. In 2019, Kevin launched a $56 racing-themed wine aptly named SHIFT. It comes from Adobe Road, a boutique winery in Sonoma County California.
History
Buckler began racing at the local level in the late 1980s. They attended their first high-speed race in 1990.
In 1992, Kevin and their wife Debra created The Racer's Group (TRG) as a Porsche Club Racing business that has grown into much more. 1995 saw Buckler take their first start as a professional driver. They would go on to win that race, beginning a notable career in professional motorsports. Off the track the same year, Kevin and their wife, along with friends, opened Adobe Road Winery in Sonoma County California. In 2002, TRG with support from Porsche Factory, won the GT class at the Rolex 24 at Daytona and the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Buckler would lead TRG to 3 more GT class wins in the Rolex 24 at Daytona, including an overall 1st place in 2003. TRG holds the record for the team with the most Rolex Sports Car Series GT victories at 29, and is ranked third for the most GT pole positions with 15. In 2009, Buckler would expand their racing horizons into NASCAR with the formation of TRG Motorsports. TRG Motorsports would go on to take 106 starts in the Sprint Cup Series with 2 top 10 finishes and 6 starts in the Camping World Truck Series, taking 6 starts with 2 top 10 finishes and 1 top 5 finish. In 2012 TRG Motorsports announced it would not continue competing in NASCAR, but would focus on Grand-Am. As Buckler and TRG continued to make a name for their selves on the track, Kevin and Adobe Road Winery established themselves as a boutique national brand. Adobe Road wines have collected many awards, and has 15 wines receiving Wine Spectator scores of 90 and above including the 2008 Cabernet Sauvignon, Napa Valley, Beckstoffer Georges III which received a score of 94 out of 100.
24 Hours of Le Mans results
See also
List of celebrities who own wineries and vineyards
References
External links
The Racer's Group Home Page
TRG Motorsports Home Page
Adobe Road Winery
Kevin Buckler NASCAR Owner Statistics
NASCAR team owners
Racing drivers from California
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
Rolex Sports Car Series drivers
24 Hours of Daytona drivers
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
Aksenovo () or Aksyonovo () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern localities
Altai Krai
As of 2012, one rural locality in Altai Krai bears this name:
Aksenovo, Altai Krai, a selo in Martynovsky Selsoviet of Yeltsovsky District;
Arkhangelsk Oblast
As of 2012, one rural locality in Arkhangelsk Oblast bears this name:
Aksenovo, Arkhangelsk Oblast, a village in Yertsevsky Selsoviet of Konoshsky District
Republic of Bashkortostan
As of 2012, one rural locality in the Republic of Bashkortostan bears this name:
Aksenovo, Republic of Bashkortostan, a selo in Aksenovsky Selsoviet of Alsheyevsky District
Ivanovo Oblast
As of 2012, one rural locality in Ivanovo Oblast bears this name:
Aksenovo, Ivanovo Oblast, a village in Verkhnelandekhovsky District
Kaluga Oblast
As of 2012, one rural locality in Kaluga Oblast bears this name:
Aksenovo, Kaluga Oblast, a village in Iznoskovsky District
Kirov Oblast
As of 2012, three rural localities in Kirov Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Afanasyevsky District, Kirov Oblast, a village in Pashinsky Rural Okrug of Afanasyevsky District;
Aksenovo, Kiknursky District, Kirov Oblast, a village in Potnyakovsky Rural Okrug of Kiknursky District;
Aksenovo, Sovetsky District, Kirov Oblast, a village in Zashizhemsky Rural Okrug of Sovetsky District;
Kostroma Oblast
As of 2012, three rural localities in Kostroma Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Chukhlomsky District, Kostroma Oblast (or Aksyonovo), a village in Nozhkinskoye Settlement of Chukhlomsky District;
Aksenovo, Galichsky District, Kostroma Oblast (or Aksyonovo), a village in Dmitriyevskoye Settlement of Galichsky District;
Aksenovo, Sharyinsky District, Kostroma Oblast (or Aksyonovo), a village in Ivanovskoye Settlement of Sharyinsky District;
Krasnoyarsk Krai
As of 2012, one rural locality in Krasnoyarsk Krai bears this name:
Aksenovo, Krasnoyarsk Krai, a village in Kezhemsky District
Republic of Mordovia
As of 2012, one rural locality in the Republic of Mordovia bears this name:
Aksenovo, Republic of Mordovia, a selo in Aksenovsky Selsoviet of Lyambirsky District;
Moscow Oblast
As of 2012, seven rural localities in Moscow Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Klinsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Voroninskoye Rural Settlement of Klinsky District;
Aksenovo, Lukhovitsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Golovachevskoye Rural Settlement of Lukhovitsky District;
Aksenovo, Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District, Moscow Oblast (or Aksyonovo), a village in Belavinskoye Rural Settlement of Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District;
Aksenovo, Ramensky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Vyalkovskoye Rural Settlement of Ramensky District;
Aksenovo, Shchyolkovsky District, Moscow Oblast (or Aksyonovo), a village under the administrative jurisdiction of Fryanovo Work Settlement in Shchyolkovsky District;
Aksenovo, Chismenskoye Rural Settlement, Volokolamsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Chismenskoye Rural Settlement of Volokolamsky District;
Aksenovo, Yaropoletskoye Rural Settlement, Volokolamsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Yaropoletskoye Rural Settlement of Volokolamsky District;
Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
As of 2012, four rural localities in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Semyonov, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, a village in Ogibnovsky Selsoviet under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Semyonov
Aksenovo, Gorodetsky District, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, a village in Smirkinsky Selsoviet of Gorodetsky District
Aksenovo, Sokolsky District, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, a village in Loyminsky Selsoviet of Sokolsky District
Aksenovo, Urensky District, Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, a village in Semenovsky Selsoviet of Urensky District
Omsk Oblast
As of 2012, two rural localities in Omsk Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Sargatsky District, Omsk Oblast, a village in Uvalobitiinsky Rural Okrug of Sargatsky District
Aksenovo, Ust-Ishimsky District, Omsk Oblast, a settlement in Utuskunsky Rural Okrug of Ust-Ishimsky District
Perm Krai
As of 2012, one rural locality in Perm Krai bears this name:
Aksenovo, Perm Krai, a selo in Yusvinsky District
Pskov Oblast
As of 2012, five rural localities in Pskov Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Bezhanitsky District, Pskov Oblast, a village in Bezhanitsky District
Aksenovo, Nevelsky District, Pskov Oblast, a village in Nevelsky District
Aksenovo, Palkinsky District, Pskov Oblast, a village in Palkinsky District
Aksenovo, Pushkinogorsky District, Pskov Oblast, a village in Pushkinogorsky District
Aksenovo, Sebezhsky District, Pskov Oblast, a village in Sebezhsky District
Ryazan Oblast
As of 2012, two rural localities in Ryazan Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Kasimovsky District, Ryazan Oblast, a village in Pustynsky Rural Okrug of Kasimovsky District
Aksenovo, Rybnovsky District, Ryazan Oblast, a village in Kuzminsky Rural Okrug of Rybnovsky District
Smolensk Oblast
As of 2012, one rural locality in Smolensk Oblast bears this name:
Aksenovo, Smolensk Oblast, a village in Prechistenskoye Rural Settlement of Dukhovshchinsky District
Tomsk Oblast
As of 2012, one rural locality in Tomsk Oblast bears this name:
Aksenovo, Tomsk Oblast, a village in Tomsky District
Tver Oblast
As of 2012, three rural localities in Tver Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Andreapolsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Aksenovskoye Rural Settlement of Andreapolsky District
Aksenovo, Torzhoksky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Sukromlenskoye Rural Settlement of Torzhoksky District
Aksenovo, Zharkovsky District, Tver Oblast, a village in Shchucheyskoye Rural Settlement of Zharkovsky District
Vladimir Oblast
As of 2012, four rural localities in Vladimir Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Gus-Khrustalny District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Gus-Khrustalny District
Aksenovo, Petushinsky District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Petushinsky District
Aksenovo, Sudogodsky District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Sudogodsky District
Aksenovo, Vyaznikovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Vyaznikovsky District
Vologda Oblast
As of 2012, eleven rural localities in Vologda Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Babayevsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Kuysky Selsoviet of Babayevsky District
Aksenovo, Babushkinsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Ledengsky Selsoviet of Babushkinsky District
Aksenovo, Abakanovsky Selsoviet, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Abakanovsky Selsoviet of Cherepovetsky District
Aksenovo, Musorsky Selsoviet, Cherepovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Musorsky Selsoviet of Cherepovetsky District
Aksenovo, Frolovsky Selsoviet, Gryazovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Frolovsky Selsoviet of Gryazovetsky District
Aksenovo, Vokhtogsky Selsoviet, Gryazovetsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Vokhtogsky Selsoviet of Gryazovetsky District
Aksenovo, Kirillovsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Sukhoverkhovsky Selsoviet of Kirillovsky District
Aksenovo, Charomsky Selsoviet, Sheksninsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Charomsky Selsoviet of Sheksninsky District
Aksenovo, Fominsky Selsoviet, Sheksninsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Fominsky Selsoviet of Sheksninsky District
Aksenovo, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Yudinsky Selsoviet of Velikoustyugsky District
Aksenovo, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, a village in Staroselsky Selsoviet of Vologodsky District
Yaroslavl Oblast
As of 2012, two rural localities in Yaroslavl Oblast bear this name:
Aksenovo, Nekrasovsky District, Yaroslavl Oblast, a village in Grebovsky Rural Okrug of Nekrasovsky District
Aksenovo, Rybinsky District, Yaroslavl Oblast, a selo in Volzhsky Rural Okrug of Rybinsky District
Alternative names
Aksenovo, alternative name of Aksanovo, a village in Goretovskoye Rural Settlement of Mozhaysky District in Moscow Oblast;
Other uses
Aksyonovo railway station
See also
Aksenov (rural locality)
Aksenovka
Tukulti-Ninurta II was King of Assyria from 890 BC to 884 BC. They were the second king of the Neo Assyrian Empire.
History
Their father was Adad-nirari II, the first king of the Neo-Assyrian period. Tukulti-Ninurta consolidated the gains made by their father over the Neo-Hittites, Babylonians and Arameans, and successfully campaigned in the Zagros Mountains of Iran, subjugating the newly arrived Iranian peoples of the area, the Persians and Medes, during their brief reign.
Tukulti-Ninurta II was victorious over Ammi-Ba'al, the king of Bit-Zamani, and then entered into a treaty with them (which included prohibitions against selling horses to Assyria's foes), as a result of which Bit-Zamani became an ally, and in fact a vassal of Assyria. Ammi-Ba'al remained in power, but from that moment on, they had to support Tukulti-Ninurta II during their military expeditions to the Upper Tigris against the Hurrians and Urartians in Nairi.
Tukulti-Ninurta II developed both Nineveh and Assur, in which they improved the city walls, built palaces and temples and decorated the gardens with scenes of their military achievements.
Their son, Ashurnasirpal II, succeeded him.
References
884 BC deaths
9th-century BC Assyrian kings
Year of birth unknown
Kings of the Universe
Qaleh Now-e Jamshid (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-e Jamshīd; also known as Qal‘eh Now and Qal‘eh Now-e Khāleşeh) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,346, in 319 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nicholas William Campofreda (January 14, 1914 – May 23, 1959) was an American football player. They played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins in 1944. Born in Baltimore, Maryland, they played college football at Western Maryland College–now known as McDaniel College.Nick was also a professional wrestler having wrestled Jack Dempsey several times. They also are on the first coaching staff of the Baltimore Colts of the AAFC in 1947. They later worked for WABC in Baltimore hosting the WHAMBOREE SHOW a local variety show. They were the sportscaster for the local news in Baltimore for years and was also the play by play commentator for the Colts and Orioles games. They were the spokesperson for American Brewing in Baltimore and did several famous commercials for the local Brewery.
References
1914 births
1959 deaths
American football centers
American football tackles
McDaniel Green Terror football players
Washington Redskins players
Baltimore City College alumni
Players of American football from Baltimore
The Denny Party is a group of American pioneers credited with founding Seattle, Washington. They settled at Alki Point on November 13, 1851.
History
A wagon party headed by Arthur A. Denny left Cherry Grove, Illinois on April 10, 1851. The party included their father John Denny, stepmother, two older brothers who settled in the Willamette Valley of Oregon, their younger brother David Denny, their wife, Mary Ann Boren, Mary's younger sister Louisa, and their brother Carson Boren. Mary Ann was Arthur Denny's wife and their stepsister, and was pregnant throughout the journey. Mary's sister Louisa Boren married David Denny in 1861. Arthur Denny was also ill throughout the journey, but remained the group's leader.
On July 6, 1851, the party battled Native Americans at American Falls on the Snake River, but escaped unharmed. The following day they met John Low, and they joined the party. Late in July they reached the Burnt River in eastern Oregon where they encountered a man named Brock. They suggested to Denny that Puget Sound would be a good place to create a town.
The Denny Party arrived in Portland, Oregon on August 22, 1851. Arthur Denny was ill and Mary Ann was about to give birth so the party convalesced in Portland. On September 2, Mary gave birth to a son, Rolland H. Denny.
John Low and David Denny headed north to scout the possibilities. Along the way they were joined by Leander "Lee" Terry. In newly founded Olympia, Washington, they met Michael Simmons, the wealthy founder of Tumwater. They guided them to Alki as a possible site for a settlement. On September 28, 1851, Terry and Low began building a cabin with help from the local Native Americans, and then staked claims to the land. Low returned to Portland to alert the others, Terry looked for a froe to make redcedar shake shingles, and David Denny stayed on in the unfinished cabin. Like their brother, they were not in good health, and their situation was not improved by staying in an unroofed cabin. They injured their foot with an axe.
In Portland, Arthur Denny recruited Illinois farmer William Nathaniel Bell and their wife, and, by coincidence, Charlie Terry, Leander's younger brother. The Terry brothers, from Waterville, New York, had come west as part of the California Gold Rush, but had not liked the rough and tumble of San Francisco.
On November 5, 1851, the Denny Party left Portland on the schooner Exact, bound for Puget Sound and the Queen Charlotte Islands. The Exact carried a number of settlers bound for Puget Sound in addition to the Denny Party, including Daniel Bigelow who settled in Olympia. After a difficult passage, particularly hard on the still-ill Denny, they arrived at Alki on November 13, where David greeted them with the words, "I wish you hadn't come."
Denny was bitterly disappointed that Low and Lee Terry had already staked the relevant claims for Alki. However, they had no choice but to pitch in, finish the cabin and settle in for the winter. Denny convinced Bell and Boren that they needed to scout a different location. Once the worst of winter cleared, Denny and other party members explored as far as Commencement Bay (now the site of Tacoma), Port Orchard, Smith Cove, and up the Duwamish River to the present site of Puyallup, before settling on an island in the mudflats near the east shore of Elliott Bay, now the site of Pioneer Square.
For the next three years Alki Point and Elliott Bay sites competed as rival townsites. Charlie Terry bought out their brother's and Low's Alki holdings, and led this community. Arthur Denny settled at Elliott Bay and, along with their rival "Doc" Maynard, led the development of Seattle. The tides at Alki were so strong that piers could not be built. Terry moved to the community on the east shore of Elliott Bay, which became the nucleus of the city of Seattle.
Monument
A monument at Alki Beach is inscribed with the names of all members of the Denny Party.
References
William C. ("Bill") Speidel, Sons of the Profits, Nettle Creek Publishing Company, Seattle, 1967.
History of Seattle
American city founders
Washington (state) pioneers
1851 in the United States
Gorzków-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
Guitar Method (subtitled 1996–1999) is the only album by indie supergroup Kid Kilowatt, initially released by Second Nature Recordings on vinyl in 2003, and later on CD by Hydra Head Records in 2004. It consists of material recorded over a period of three years, including after the band's breakup. Still, it did not see release as a whole for over four years after the last track was recorded.
Kid Kilowatt was formed by members of Cave In and Converge as a side project; sessions together were sporadic and rare, and the process of writing, recording and release took seven years in all. Reviewers praised the band's musicianship and the depth and range of the sound; one "much mellower" than that of the members' main projects.
Context and recording
Kid Kilowatt was initially created as 'Ester of Wood Rosin' by Cave In's Stephen Brodsky in August 1996, "inspired by [his] love for Giants Chair and [his] need for an alter-ego to Cave In". Other influences upon Kid Kilowatt's sound, as stated by Brodksy, included Sunny Day Real Estate and "early" Promise Ring. Brodsky recruited Adam McGrath, also of Cave In, on bass guitar, along with local drummer Matt Redmond and Piebald guitarist and vocalist Aaron Stuart. Brodsky took the role of guitarist and lead vocalist, and with this line-up they, in the words of Brodsky, "began to formulate some good ol' sappy-but-not-too-sappy rock n' roll tunes".
The first material destined for Guitar Method was written within the initial few months, including "Teg Nugent" and "the original, 9 minute long opus version" of "Tug of War". In Autumn 1996, they recorded a four-song demo with Kurt Ballou at their 8-track home studio, GodCity. Brodsky hand-crafted the demo inserts in their high school graphic arts room, with around 400 copies pressed. According to Brodsky, they were "gone in no time". In Spring 1997, Aaron Stuart left the band in order to concentrate on their primary project, Piebald. Ballou, of Converge, who had recorded and produced their prior four track demos, joined the band in their stead, and they renamed the band "Kid Kilowatt", inspired by a Guided by Voices song entitled "Cool Off Kid Kilowatt" from their 1993 album Vampire on Titus.
Now with Ballou as a full-time member, the band re-developed songs written with Stuart, including "The Bicycle Song", "7th Inning Song Formation", "The Scope", "Peeping Tomboy" and "Red Carpet". They resumed writing fresh material with "Radio Pow for Now". In their first show as Kid Kilowatt, they performed with Brodsky's "heroes", Giants Chair, in their home town of Methuen, Massachusetts. For the following six to seven months, however, all the band members were prepossessed with other musical projects, resulting in infrequent rehearsal and intermittent live performance. They did occasionally play live during this period, however, performing with bands such as Piebald, Jejune, and Regulator Watts.
They recorded as Kid Kilowatt only once before the official demise of the band, in July 1997. During this session, they recorded "Bicycle Song" and "The Scope" on Ballou's 8-track machine; this version of "Bicycle Song" appeared on Hydra Head Records CD sampler Volume 1.
After Brodsky joined Converge, whilst still a member of Cave In, in 1997, the amount of time being devoted to Kid Kilowatt began to wane. Matt Redmond had moved to New Hampshire also, causing "enthusiasm for the band to fizzle". They played what would be their last show in January 1998 at the Met Café in Providence, Rhode Island. Soon after that show, Brodsky left Converge in order to devote all their time to Cave In, now as not only the guitarist, but as the vocalist. McGrath and Ballou continued their duties with Cave In and Converge, respectively, and Redmond joined a new band called Eulcid. As Brodsky eulogises: "There was simply no time left in our schedules for Kid Kilowatt and the band collapsed".
In November 1998, the band decided to try to record everything they had written together. Recording continued at GodCity until October 1999, occurring "completely sporadically; a week night here and there, maybe a full day during one weekend of a month or two". Brodsky describes this as "quite evident from the sound of the record". During these sessions, some new material was composed, including "Memorial Drive", "Glass of Shattered Youth", "Cadence for a Rainy Day" and "Cadence for the Desert Sun". The last Kid Kilowatt song ever recorded was the album version of "Tug of War". The record was mastered at M-works in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Release
Predating Guitar Method by three years, Second Nature Recordings released a 7-inch Kid Kilowatt single entitled Hit Single in 2001. It includes tracks "Peeping Tomboy" and "Glass of Shattered Youth", described as "a playful companion to their Guitar Method debut full-length". The vinyl saw two pressings. Second Nature also released the original version of Guitar Method on 12" on October 14, 2003, in slightly abridged form. The vinyl edit excluded the tracks "Glass of Shattered Youth", "Blue/Green Heart" and "Tug of War". These three tracks were credited as "bonus tracks" on the Hydra Head Records CD, released on March 9, 2004.
Reception
Critical reception to the album was largely positive; reviews specifically praised the band's musicianship and the range of material on the album. Adam Moore, writing for the Tufts Observer, posits that "[a]ll of the members bring their great musical abilities to Kid Kilowatt and make them more palatable to the listener who isn't into blast beats and Jake Bannon's [of Converge] distinctive voice". The album's sound is described as "more recent Cave In, but without the spacey effects and meandering songwriting". Moore likens the sound to that of Thursday, but concedes that "Kilowatt isn't even that metallic or scream-oriented". Attempting to categorise that band, a ScenePointBlank review writes that "[o]ne could narrowly define Kid Kilowatt as either indie-rock or post-hardcore, both are accurate descriptions". Moore says that "[o]verall, the album sounds rather pop-y", and that their use of "pop hooks combined with post-pop chord progressions" gives the album a "very melodic feel". Chris Morgan, in a glowing review, writes that Guitar Method is "a sleeper classic of the modern underground".
Several songs are selected as stand-outs throughout the album. "Tug of War" is labelled as "the strongest song on the album", with John D. Luerssen writing that "the cohesiveness of the material suggests the lads in Kid Kilowatt exited this side project as friends. After all, only buddies capable of putting their differences aside could craft the soaring, majestic "Tug of War," where Brodsky's wide-reaching pipes mesh brilliantly with KK's ace musicianship". They continue to say that "the disc shifts from roaring, expansive rockers like "Bicycle Song" to crunching anthems like "Ted Nugent" and on to lilting, near-ballads like "Memorial Drive" with inexplicable ease". Moore writes that "The Scope" "encapsulates what the rest of the album will sound like. It starts out sounding rather crunchy and smooths out as the album progresses, providing a good contrasting effect that runs throughout the album". Moore, however, writes that "Memorial Drive" is "only mediocre. It's the only song on the album over five minutes long. Playing slow just isn't this band's forte, although they have the ability to write poignant lyrics". Similarly, a ScenePointBlank review states that "Cadence for a Rainy Day" and "Memorial Drive" "often diverge and lead the listener off-course".
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Kurt Ballou – guitar
Stephen Brodsky – guitar, vocals
Adam McGrath – bass
Matt Redmond – drums
Aaron Stuart – guitar
Other personnel
Aaron Turner – album artwork and design
Nick Zampiello – mastering
References
Hydra Head Records albums
Kid Kilowatt albums
2004 debut albums
Albums with cover art by Aaron Turner
Albums produced by Kurt Ballou
George Johnson (born January 20, 1952) is an American journalist and science writer.
Work
Johnson is the author of nine books, including The Cancer Chronicles (2013), The Ten Most Beautiful Experiments (2008) and Strange Beauty: Murray Gell-Mann and the Revolution in 20th-Century Physics (1999), and writes for a number of publications, including The New York Times.  They are a two-time winner of the science journalism award from the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Their books have been short-listed three times for the Royal Society science book prize. Their column, "Raw Data", appears in The New York Times.
Johnson is one of the co-hosts (with science writer John Horgan) of "Science Faction", a weekly discussion on the website Bloggingheads.tv, related to topics in science. Several prominent scientists, philosophers, and bloggers have been interviewed for the site.
Awards
Their ninth book The Cancer Chronicles: Unlocking Medicine's Deepest Mystery was on the shortlist for the 2014 Royal Society Prize for Science Books.
Previously shortlisted for the prize were Strange Beauty: Murray Gell-Mann and the Revolution in 20th-Century Physics (2001) and Fire in the Mind: Science, Faith, and the Search for Order (1995).
In 2014 three of their pieces for The New York Times about the science of cancer won the AAAS Science Journalism Award. They won the award in 2000 for three articles about complexity and high-energy physics.
Bibliography
The Cancer Chronicles: Unlocking Medicine's Deepest Mystery. Knopf, 2013.
The Ten Most Beautiful Experiments. Knopf, 2008.
Miss Leavitt's Stars: The Untold Story of the Woman Who Discovered How to Measure the Universe. James Atlas Books/Norton, 2005, about Henrietta Leavitt
A Shortcut Through Time: The Path to the Quantum Computer. Knopf, 2003.
Strange Beauty: Murray Gell-Mann and the Revolution in 20th-Century Physics. Knopf, 1999. Vintage paperback, 2000, about Murray Gell-Mann
Fire in the Mind: Science, Faith, and the Search for Order. Knopf, 1995. Vintage paperback, 1996.
In the Palaces of Memory: How We Build the Worlds Inside Our Heads. Knopf, 1991. Vintage paperback, 1992.
Machinery of the Mind: Inside the New Science of Artificial Intelligence. Times Books, 1986. Tempus / Microsoft paperback, 1987.
Architects of Fear: Conspiracy Theories and Paranoia in American Politics. Tarcher/Houghton Mifflin, 1984.
References
External links
George Johnson's home page
Interviews/Discussions on Bloggingheads.tv
New York Times author index page
1952 births
20th-century American essayists
20th-century American journalists
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American scientists
21st-century American essayists
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American scientists
American bloggers
American journalists
American male essayists
American male non-fiction writers
American male writers
American science writers
American University alumni
Critics of conspiracy theories
Historians of science
Living people
The New York Times writers
People from Fayetteville, Arkansas
Philosophers of mind
Philosophers of science
Philosophers of technology
Philosophy writers
Science activists
Science communicators
Science journalists
University of New Mexico alumni
Video bloggers
Writers about religion and science
Writers from Arkansas
Writers from Santa Fe, New Mexico
Manish Gupta is an Indian film director and writer in Bollywood. Manish has directed five (5) movies – 420 IPC (2021), Rahasya (2015), Hostel (2011), The Stoneman Murders (2009) and Darna Zaroori Hai (2006). And they have written the Screenplay and Dialogues for the movies Sarkar (2005) and Section 375 (2019) amongst many others.
Career
Manish started their career as a screenwriter. Amitabh Bachchan-starrer Sarkar was Manish's first film. Manish bagged several award nominations for the screenplay and dialogues of Sarkar.
Manish debuted as a director with Darna Zaroori Hai (2006) in which there were six different stories and a separate director for each story. Manish directed the main story titled ‘Grandma narrates stories to five children'.
Manish's next film as director was they critically acclaimed The Stoneman Murders (2009) starring Kay Kay Menon and Arbaaz Khan, based on the infamous Stoneman killings that shook Bombay in 1983.
After that, Manish directed Hostel (2011) about students' deaths due to ragging (hazing) inside college hostels. Manish was felicitated for making this socially relevant film by the then President of India, Ms. Pratibha Patil.
Manish's next film as director was the critically acclaimed Rahasya (2015) based on the Aarushi Talwar murder case, starring Kay Kay Menon, Tisca Chopra and Ashish Vidyarthi. Rahasya had a long run of many weeks in theatres across India.
Manish's next film was the 2019 film Section 375, a courtroom drama about a fake rape case, which took Manish three years to research and script. For their script of Section 375, Manish was nominated for a Filmfare award under the Best Screenplay category at the 65th Filmfare Awards 2020.
Manish's latest release is the 2021 film 420 IPC, a courtroom drama about an economics offence. The film starring Vinay Pathak, Ranvir Shorey, Gul Panag and Rohan Vinod Mehra released on OTT platform ZEE5 to positive reviews and ranked as the 4th most viewed movie/series on Indian OTT platforms during the week of 13th Dec.-19th Dec. 2021.
Manish's next upcoming film is One Friday Night starring female superstar Raveena Tandon. The film's shooting is complete and the film is currently under post-production. The film is slated for a 2022 release.
Manish specializes in writing and directing suspense dramas and over the years has developed their unique genre wherein they take details of a real case and weaves them into an intriguing suspense film.
Filmography
Director
420 IPC (2021)
Rahasya (2015)
Hostel (2011)
The Stoneman Murders (2009)
Darna Zaroori Hai (2006)
Screenplay and Dialogues
Sarkar (2005)
Section 375 (2019)
References
Research is the backbone of Manish Gupta's 420 IPC say producers, 21.12.21.
Manish Gupta's 420 IPC promises to be a gripping courtroom drama - Bombay Times,17.12.21
420 IPC REVIEW : 420 IPC MAKES AN ENGAGING WATCH - Times Of India,17.12.21
Raveena Tandon's True Potential Remains Untapped says Director Manish Gupta - Mid Day, 19.12.21
Raveena Tandon In Manish Gupta's Thriller - Spotboye, 30.08.21
Manish Gupta all set to Direct next two films
Manish Gupta wrote 'SECTION 375' three years ago - Mumbai Mirror 11th Sept 2019
Director - Manish Gupta's interview with Bombay Times; 1st Oct 2019
Youtube Interview Mid-day 18th Sept 2019
Mistaken Identity
Rahasya's extended run
Manish Gupta's next is Sinhasan
No one signed for Sinhasan
Manish Gupta interview, 3 February 2009
Times of India Movie Reviews
The-new-Aarushi
Murder they wrote
Murders continue to fascinate filmmakers
Tisca to play Nupur Talwar
Sakshi sem as aarushi in Rahasya
manish gupta finds their aarushi
Aarushi
Rahasya
A sad ending?
Bollywood script matches Aarushi verdict
Can Bollywood handle the Truth
Bombay Times 3 Dec Page 1
The big question: Truth or Fiction
Rahasya is not a portrayal of authentic events
Hindi-language film directors
Living people
Film directors from Mumbai
Indian male screenwriters
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Göteborg City Race is a temporary motor racing circuit in Gothenburg, Sweden. The circuit is located in the city centre on part of docklands called Frihamnspiren, which is usually used as a concert venue. The spectator capacity for the venue is 30,000. The venue for the race weekends is known as "Eco Drive Arena", with all cars running on environmentally classed fuel.
It was inaugurated during June 2008, hosting one round of the Swedish Touring Car Championship (STCC), along with supporting races. The main event was won by Honda Racing driver Thed Björk. The success of the event with close to 40,000 spectators saw a return. On 11 February 2010, touringcartimes.com reported that Sport & Evenemang has secured four more years of racing on the street circuit.
In 2012, the STCC was replaced by the TTA – Racing Elite League. The merged STCC – Racing Elite League visited Göteborg in 2013 and 2014.
The circuit
Göteborg City Circuit has a total length of with the longest straight at approximately . The two hairpins at each end of the circuit which are very wide in and out and promising good overtaking possibilities because they are the reminiscents of those at the Hockenheimring.
References
External links
Motorsport venues in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Gothenburg
Monadofilosa is a grouping of Cercozoa. (It is sometimes considered one of three, the other two being Phytomyxa and Reticulofilosa.) These organisms are single-celled amoeboid protists.
Classification
Monadofilosa includes the testaceans, which are testate filose amoeboids, and the cercomonads.
It is sometimes described as Testaceafilosia and Sarcomonadea.
It has also been described as Sarcomonadea (Cercomonas, Heteromita, Bodomorpha, Proleptomonas, Allantion), Thecofilosea (Cryptodifflugia, Cryothecomonas), Spongomonadea (Spongomonas, Rhipidodendron), and Imbricatea (Thaumatomonas, Thaumatomastix, Allas, Gyromitus, Euglypha, Trinema, Paulinella).
The testaceans live both in marine and freshwater habitats, and in mosses. Members include Lecythium, Pseudodifflugia, Euglypha (a euglyphid), and Paulinella chromatophora.
Cercomonads are flagellates that glide on their posterior cilium and/or generate filopodia. Members of this group contain Cryothecomonas, Thaumatomonas, which is covered with siliceous scales, and Cercomonas, which is naked. Cercomonas contains several species that show exhibit amoeboid movement, such as the testate amoeba Cyphoderia, and the flagellate Cryothecomonas.
Monadofilosa is sometimes treated as a superclass rather than a subphylum.
Sainouron has been grouped in Monadofilosa.
Phylogeny
Phylogeny based on Bass et al. 2009, Howe et al. 2011 and Bass et al. 2016.
Taxonomy
Infraphylum Monadofilosa Cavalier-Smith 1997 stat. n. Cavalier-Smith & Oates 2012 [Eoglissa Cavalier-Smiths 2012]
Family ?Katabiidae Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order ?Pseudodimorphida
Order Cercomonadida Poche 1913 emend. Karpov et al. 2006
Class Helkesea Cavalier-Smith 2017
Order Ventricleftida Cavalier-Smith 2011
Order Helkesida Cavalier-Smith 2017 [Sainourida]
Class Metromonadea Cavalier-Smith 2007
Order Metromonadida Bass & Cavalier-Smith 2004 emend. Cavalier-Smith & Oates 2012
Order Metopiida Cavalier-Smith 2003
Clade Glissomonadida-Pansomonadida
Order Pseudosporida Hibberd 1983 sensu Cavalier-Smith 1993
Order Dimorphida Siemensma 1991 [Endonucleoplastiales]
Order Glissomonadida Howe & Cavalier-Smith 2009 emend. Hess et al. 2013
Order Pansomonadida Vickerman 2005
Superclass Ventrifilosa Cavalier-Smith 2012
Class Thecofilosea Cavalier-Smith 2003 emend. Cavalier-Smith 2011 [Tripylea Hertwig 1879]
Order ?Hemimastigida Foissner, Blatterer & Foissner 1988
Subclass Eothecia Cavalier-Smith 2012
Family ?Botuliformidae
Order Matazida Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Ebriida Poche [Ebriales Honigsberg 1964; Stereotestales]
Order Cryomonadida Cavalier-Smith 1993 [Cryothecomonadida]
Subclass Tectosia Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Tectofilosida Cavalier-Smith & Chao 2003
Infraclass Phaeodaria Haeckel 1879 stat. n. Cavalier-Smith & Chao 2012
Order Eodarida Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Opaloconchida Cavalier-Smith 2012
Class Silicofilosea Adl et al. 2005 emend. Adl et al. 2012 [Imbricatea Cavalier-Smith 2011]
Subclass Placoperla Cavalier-Smith 2012
Superorder Perlatia Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Perlofilida Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Spongomonadida Hibberd 1983 emend. Karpov 1990
Superorder Placofila Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Zoelucasida Cavalier-Smith 2014
Order Rotosphaerida Rainer 1968
Order Thaumatomonadida Shirkina 1987
Subclass Placonuda Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order ?Discocelida Cavalier-Smith 1997
Order ?Discomonadida Cavalier-Smith 2014
Superorder Euglyphia Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Euglyphida Copeland 1956 emend. Cavalier-Smith 1997 [Euglyphina Bovee 1985]
Superorder Nudisarca Cavalier-Smith 2012
Order Variglissida Cavalier-Smith 2014 [Clautriaviida; Nudifilida]
Order Marimonadida Cavalier-Smith & Bass 2011 [Auranticordida]
References
External links
Filosa
Superclasses (biology)
All India Radio stations
AM/MW radio stations
All India Radio Thiruvananthapuram - 1161
All India Radio Alapuzha - 576
All India Radio Thrissur - 630
All India Radio Kozhikode - 684
All India Radio Kavaratti - 1584
SW radio stations
All India Radio Thiruvananthapuram - 5010,7290
FM radio stations
All India Radio Ananthapuri FM -Thiruvananthapuram -101.9
All India Radio Kochi 102.3
AIR FM Rainbow Kochi -107.5 (Music Channel)
All India Radio Thrissur - 103
All India Radio Devikulam (Idukki district) - 101.4
All India Radio Real FM - Kozhikode - 103.6
All India Radio Manjeri FM (Malappuram district) -102.7
All India Radio Kannur - 101.5
Private radio (FM and AM) stations
Kannur
Radio Mango 91.9 (Malayala Manorama Group)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Club FM 94.3 (Mathrubhumi)
Best FM 95 (Asianet Star Communications) - inactive
Kozhikode
Radio Mango 91.9 (Malayala Manorama Group)
Radio Mirchi 92.7 (Times Group)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Club FM 104.8 (Mathrubhumi)
Thrissur
Red FM 95 (Sun Network)
Radio Mango 91.9 (Malayala Manorama Group)
Club FM 94.3 (Mathrubhumi)
Best FM 95 (Asianet Star Communications)
Kochi
Radio Mango 91.9 (Malayala Manorama Group)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Club FM 94.3 (Mathrubhumi)
Radio Mirchi 104.0 (Times Group)
Alappuzha
Radio Mango 92.7 (Malayala Manorama Group)
Club FM 104.8 (Mathrubhumi)
Thiruvananthapuram
92.7 BIG FM (Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group)
Red FM 93.5 (Sun Network)
Club FM 94.3 (Mathrubhumi)
Radio Mirchi 98.3 (Times Group)
Outside Kerala
Dubai
Asianet Radio 657AM
Radio Asia 1269 AM
Radio Me 95.3 FM
Hit FM 96.7
Oxygen FM 102.4
Radio Mango 96.2
Community FM Radio stations
Kerala has 12 Community FM Radio stations .
Thiruvananthapuram
Radio DC 90.4- (Community Radio by DC School of Management and Technology)
Kollam
Community Radio Benziger 107.8 ( Bishop Benziger Nursing College) - Kollam City
Ente Radio 91.2 (Kerala Rural Development Agency) - Kulasekharapuram
Pathanamthitta
Radio MACFAST 90.4 - (Community Radio by Mar Athanasios College for Advanced Studies) - Thiruvalla
Alappuzha
Global Radio 91.2 FM - (Global Education Net) - Ambalappuzha
Radio Neythal 107.8 (Diocese of Alleppey) - Alappuzha
Kottayam
Radio Media Village 90.8 (St. Joseph College of Communication) - Changanassery
Radio Mangalam 91.2 (Mangalam College of Engineering) - Ettumanoor
Palakkad
Ahalia FM 90.4 (Ahalia Healthcare Group) - IIT Palakkad
Wayanad
Radio Maattoli 90.4 (Wayanad Social Service Society) - Nalloornad - Kerala's first community radio service, it primarily caters farmers and tribals.
Kannur
Janvani 90.8 (Academic and Technical Education Development Society) - Panoor
See also
Media in Kerala
References
Lists of radio stations in India
Radio stations
USS Ulua (SS-428), a Balao-class submarine, was the only ship of the United States Navy named for the ulua, an important food fish of the tropical Pacific Ocean. They were never completed.
Uluas keel was laid down on 13 November 1943 at Philadelphia by the Cramp Shipbuilding Company, but the curtailment of U.S. Navy construction programs in the closing days of World War II resulted in the suspension of further construction on 12 August 1945.
The partly completed submarine was launched on 23 April 1946 and towed to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine, for maintenance prior to beginning their career as a test hull. Towed to Norfolk, Virginia, in 1951, they participated in tests to gather research data on new weapon and submarine design.
Ulua was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register list on 12 June 1958. Them hulk was sold for scrap on 30 September 1958 to the Portsmouth Salvage Company, Inc.
References
External links
Photo gallery at navsource.org
Balao-class submarines
Cancelled ships of the United States Navy
Ships built by William Cramp & Sons
United States Navy ship names
1946 ships
Isha Lakhani (; 29 April 1985) is an Indian former professional tennis player.
Biography
Lakhani was born in Mumbai. Them career high in singles is world No. 291, achieved on 19 May 2008. In doubles, they peaked at No. 371 on 1 December 2008.
In their career, they won four singles and seven doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
Playing for India Fed Cup team, Lakhani has a win–loss record of 9–4.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 12 (4–8)
Doubles: 13 (7–6)
External links
1985 births
Living people
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Indian female tennis players
Racket sportspeople from Mumbai
Sindhi people
Tennis players at the 2006 Asian Games
Sportswomen from Maharashtra
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Ramsayornis is a genus of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is found from Northern Australia to New Guinea. This genus of bird is characterized by the small size, pale ventral plumage with incomplete barring, and unmarked white throat and undertail. It contains the following species:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Torllwyn is a headland in Angelsey, Wales, approximately ENE of Porthllechog.
See also
Headlands of Anglesey
Zhao Bilong (born 1 February 1960) is a Chinese water polo player. They competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 2001 Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira was the 23rd edition of the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira, the annual Portuguese football season-opening match contested by the winners of the previous season's top league and cup competitions (or cup runner-up in case the league- and cup-winning club is the same). The match took place on the 4 August 2001 at the Estádio do Rio Ave FC in Vila do Conde, and was contested between 2000–01 Primeira Liga winners Boavista, and 2000–01 Taça de Portugal winners Porto.
In Portugal, the final was televised live on RTP. Porto would defeat Boavista 1–0. A 22nd minute headed goal from central defender Jorge Andrade was sufficient for the Dragões to defeat Os Axadrezados and claim the Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira for a 12th time in their history.
Match
Details
References
Supertaça Cândido de Oliveira
2001–02 in Portuguese football
FC Porto matches
Boavista F.C. matches
Khakasski Nature Reserve () (also Khakassky) is a Russian 'zapovednik' (strict nature reserve) covering two large mountain areas (alpine and mountain-steppe), and a cluster of seven steppe sites located within the left bank of the Minusinsk depression. The reserve is situated in the Tashtypsky District of Khakassia. It was originally created to preserve steppe ecosystems, wetlands and waterfowl nesting sites, and a historical complex of monuments and cemeteries from the 4-11 centuries BC. The reserve is particularly noted for its variety of large lakes on the Yenisei River migration route for birds. The current configuration of protected sectors was established in 1999, and covers a total area of .
Topography
The Khakasski Reserve is a collection of nine tracts of land covering two types of habitat - steppe and mountain taiga. The Minusinsk Depression is a low plain between the Kuznetsk Alatau mountain range to the west, and the Sayan mountains to the east. The Khakassia steppe, which is part of the Altai-Sayan mountain region, has characteristics of mountain steppes.
Steppe Group
Lake Shira (ru:Белё) (1,397 hectares). A salt lake with a surface area of 39.5 km2, Lake Shira has a public access section that supports beaches and medicinal spas (the water has a very high magnesium content). The lake is covered with ice from late November to April.
Lake Bele (ru:Белё) (5,285 hectares). The largest mineral lake in Eastern Siberia (52 km2), Bele is 8 km north of Lake Shira. The surrounding terrain rises up to 240 meters above the lake surface, and there is some fir and spruce on the generally hilly steppe landscape. Like Lake Shira, Bele has no outflow and only one small river for inflow. The level of mineralization is 9-14 g/liter of water (about 1/3 the density of seawater. The reserve covers the north, southeast and southwest portions of the lake. Bele's waters contain an aboriginal population of Bele perch.
Lake Itkul (ru:Иткуль (озеро, Хакасия)) (5,547 hectares). Located 3 km southwest of Lake Shira, but 100 meters higher. Itkul is a freshwater lake, unlike Shira or Bele which are alkaline. The shores are sandy, or small gravel. Surroundings are gentle hills, and the southern shore has some covering of larch forest.
Oglakhty (ru:Оглахты) (2,590 hectares). Oglakhty is a lowland ridge with a pronounced cuesta (sloped) formation, having an uplift of 100–150 meters. The rock is mostly sedimentary of the lower Carboniferous; there are some stands of birch but overall the terrain is steppe. This sector includes a burial complex of the Tashtyk culture from the first century CE. Most of the 15 km ridge, which runs along the Krasnoyarsk Reservoir, is part of the Khakasski reserve.
Kamyzyaksky steppe and Lake Ulug-Kol (ru:Камызякская степь) (4,789 hectares). Steppe ridge, with a small shallow lake that is endorheic with bitter-salty water. The lake has mud-flats on its shores and is a breeding place for a wide variety of waterfowl.
Podzaploty (ru:Подзаплотные болота) (5,181 hectares). Steppe terrain.
Hol-Bogaz (ru:Хол-Богаз) (2,499 hectares). Steppe and mountain-steppe region in a spur of the Kuznetsky Alatau range.
Mountain Taiga Group
Maly Abakan (ru:Малый Абакан) (97,829 hectares). Along the "Small Abakan River", in mountainous terrain south of the steppe sectors of the Khakassi reserve. This sector was originally formed as a separate reserve in 1993 to protect pristine mountain pine taiga to serve as a benchmark for the study of the effects of logging. It was also designated as a site for the resettlement of sable.
Zaimka Lykovykh (ru:) (142,441 hectares). Contains the preserved homestead of Lykov family of Old Believers, who lived in the remote area far from civilization until well into the 20th century.
Climate and Ecoregion
Khakasski is located in the Sayan montane conifer forests ecoregion, a region of mid-elevation mountains in the Altai-Sayan mountain range of central Asia. It lies between the Siberian taiga to the north and the Mongolian steppe to the south. This ecoregion is characterized by mountains desiccated with river valleys, high levels of precipitation, and high biodiversity. Flora is generally dependent on the elevation and terrain, with forests having three main subzones based on altitude: light needle-leaf sparse taiga, dark needle-leaf taiga, and dark taiga.
The climate of Khakasski is Subarctic climate, without dry season (Köppen climate classification Subartic climate (Dfc)). This climate is characterized by mild summers (only 1–3 months above ) and cold, snowy winters (the coldest month below ). In the steppe areas of the Khakassi reserve, average temperatures range from in January, to in July. Average precipitation per year is 250 – 350 mm, although this can range up to 500 mm in the forested areas. Average frost-free period per year is 110–120 days. In the mountainous sectors of Khakassi, temperatures about 2 C degrees cooler, and precipitation ranges up to 800 - 1,100 mm/year with a frost-free period of only 85 days.
Flora and fauna
The different sectors were each chosen for a particular habitat for study and conservation, with the two general environments being steppe and mountain taiga. In the steppe area, the typical landscape features shores of developed upland meadows, with small larch groves and birch, and thickets of steppe shrubs. Where rivers enter the lakes are narrow strips of reed swamps, saline steppes and meadows. The reserve has recorded more than 852 species of vascular plants in the steppe areas. The mountain taiga sectors to the south are about 80 covered with coniferous forests, with smaller communities of dark-coniferous-birch forest. All told, the various sectors of the reserve have recorded 1195 species of vascular plants, from 429 genera and 105 families.
The animal life of the reserve is characteristic of the northern Sayan mountain steppe and forest region. Characteristics mammals of the steppe are the steppe lemming, vole, and common field mouse. Larger mammals are the hare, fox and deer. Scientists on the reserve have recorded 52 species of mammals and 295 species of birds. 32 species of fish are resident, with chum salmon and trout recently having been reintroduced to Lake Bele.
Ecoeducation and access
As a strict nature reserve, the Khakasski Reserve is mostly closed to the general public, although scientists and those with 'environmental education' purposes can make arrangements with park management for visits. There are several 'ecotourist' routes in the reserve, however, that are open to the public. These require permits to be obtained in advance. On the Lake Itkul sector there is an 18 km bike trail, and a 14 km bird-watching trail with observation platforms. The reserve sponsors a Nature Museum that is open to the public. The main office is in the city of Abakan.
See also
List of Russian Nature Reserves (class 1a 'zapovedniks')
National Parks of Russia
Kyzlasov Peak
References
External links
Map of Khakasski Reserve, OpenStreetMap
Map of Khakasski Reserve, ProtectedPlanet
Nature reserves in Russia
1999 establishments in Russia
Protected areas established in 1999
Geography of Khakassia
Zapovednik
Irahara Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 36.8 km2. The dam impounds about 122 ha of land when full and can store 28700 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1974 and completed in 2017.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
2017 establishments in Japan
Club Deportivo Llanes is a football team based in Llanes in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1949, the team plays in Tercera División RFEF – Group 2. The club's home ground is San José, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History
CD Llanes was founded in 1949 and played its first 50 years in the Regional divisions. In 1999 the club achieves its first promotion ever to Tercera División, where it played almost every season since that year.
In 2009 and 2010, the club qualified for the promotion playoffs to Segunda División B. In its first attempt, Llanes was eliminated in the first round by Alicante B after a penalty shoot-out. Its second participation was better, as they eliminated Valladolid B in the first round, but they were beaten 6–0 by Tudelano in the second leg of the second round. Llanes came back to the playoffs in 2018, but again failed in the first round.
On 11 September 2019, the club won the Copa Federación.
Season to season
20 seasons in Tercera División
1 season in Tercera División RFEF
Honours
Copa Federación de España (Asturias tournament): (1) 2019
Women's team
Llanes had a women's team between 2001 and 2005, that played in the Regional league during four seasons. On 6 April 2019, the club announced the return of the section, starting to play in the 2019–20 season.
Season by season
Famous players
Yefri Reyes
Gerardo Noriega
Christopher Marques
References
External links
Official website
Futbolme.com profile
Llanes
Football clubs in Asturias
Association football clubs established in 1949
1949 establishments in Spain
Hadnock is an area of farmland and woodland in Monmouthshire, Wales, north-east of Monmouth, on the east bank of the River Wye adjoining the border with England. It is located in the parish of Dixton, in the ancient manor of Hadnock, and is accessed from the road between Wyesham and Staunton. The area is thinly populated. The main properties are Hadnock Court House, a Grade II listed building originating in the 17th century, and Little Hadnock, a small hamlet which is located a few hundred yards to the north-east.
History
Origin of the name
The name Hadnock may derive from English words meaning "Hodda's oak".
Early history
The Hadnock area, south of a bend in the River Wye, has been settled since at least Roman times. Excavations of a Roman villa in 1976 revealed a large complex of buildings, dating to the second and third centuries. Pottery from the site is predominantly from the 2nd to 4th centuries, but includes some native ware suggesting possible Iron Age settlement. There is also evidence of iron smelting and bronze working in the area in the Roman and mediaeval periods.
The land was granted by Withenoc, lord of Monmouth, to Monmouth Priory, before being taken back by their son Baderon in exchange for three forges. John of Monmouth later endowed it to the hospital they founded in the town. A 14th century map shows a manor in the area, and the field pattern still shows evidence of a medieval open field system. There is also an ancient hollow way forming the eastern boundary of the Lady Grove wood, known locally as the Royal Road and thought to have been one of the main exits from the Royal Forest of Dean; it may follow the line of a Roman road.
Later history
After the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the area became the seat of the Huntley family, later passing to the Herbert family. Charles Herbert of Hadnock was Member of Parliament for the Monmouth Boroughs in 1571. The estate passed in turn to the Duchy of Lancaster, and was eventually sold to Admiral Thomas Griffin. They died in 1771, and the house and estate, known as Hadnock House, or Hadnock Hall, passed to their second son. In the early 19th century, the house was owned by Dr. Griffin and their wife. The house was said to have stood "on the brow of one of those projecting eminences which bound the Wye" and possessed "every charm that wood and water in their happiest distribution can bestow", with a "beautiful view of the river".
After Dr. Griffin died without an heir, the Hadnock estate was purchased by Richard Blakemore in 1822. They demolished the original Hadnock House, and used the materials to rebuild and extend their property on the other side of the River Wye at Wyastone Leys. In 1825, all that was left of Hadnock House were some remains.
In the 1860s, part of the Ross and Monmouth Railway, later a branch of the Great Western Railway, was built through the estate, with a halt at Hadnock. The line closed in 1965 and was dismantled; part is now a public right of way.
Hadnock Court
The current Hadnock Court, also known as Hadnock Court House and formerly as Hadnock Farm, is a large building which appears to have taken the name of its demolished predecessor. It dates to the early 17th century, although there have been both alterations and extensions until the 20th century. Hadnock Court is a slate roofed, Grade II listed building which has been rendered to cover the original stone work. Several of the associated farm buildings, and the gate piers and gates to the Court, are also listed buildings.
References
Country houses in Monmouthshire
1822 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Geography of Monmouthshire
Grade II listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Grade II listed houses
The Tennessee shiner (Notropis leuciodus) is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae, the carps and minnows. It is native to the southeastern United States.
Description
This is a slender minnow about 5 to 6.5 centimeters long. A lateral band and a paler stripe run from the gills to the tail fin. There is a rectangular spot on the caudal peduncle. The scales along the back are dark and the belly is white. The breeding male is red-orange in color.
Distribution
The fish is distributed throughout several river basins in the states of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia. It occurs in much of the Tennessee River drainage, especially the upper tributaries, and the Cumberland and Green River drainages. It occurs in the Savannah and Kanawha River systems, where it may be an introduced species. Its non-native range is not clear, but there are several sites to which it was likely introduced when it was used for bait and released.
Biology
This freshwater fish lives in pools, creeks, and small to medium rivers. It prefers cool, clear waters over gravelly substrates. In this habitat it is associated with some of its congeners, such as the telescope shiner (N. telescopus) and the bigeye shiner (N. boops).
Breeding has been observed in late spring. Males in breeding colors aggregate in swarms in shallow pools and are briefly visited by females, which spawn and then depart. It may also spawn over the nests of other species, such as the river chub (Nocomis micropogon) and largescale stoneroller (Campostoma oligolepis).
Conservation
This is a widespread species with many populations which are likely stable or declining only slowly. There may be threats to local ecosystems, but the species faces no major threats and is not of high conservation concern.
References
Tennessee
Fish of the Eastern United States
Freshwater fish of the Southeastern United States
Fish described in 1868
American College of the Building Arts (ACBA) is a private four-year liberal arts and sciences college located in Charleston, South Carolina. It is licensed by the South Carolina Commission on Higher Education to grant a Bachelor of Applied Science and an Associate of Applied Science in six craft specializations in the building arts.
The college's model is unique in the United States, with its focus on total integration of a liberal arts and science education and the traditional building arts skills. Students choose from among six craft specializations: timber framing, architectural carpentry, plaster, classical architecture, blacksmithing and stone carving.
ACBA's stated mission is to educate and train artisans in the traditional building arts in order to foster exceptional craftsmanship and encourage the preservation, enrichment and understanding of the world's architectural heritage through a liberal arts and science education.
Current students come from more than 30 states. One quarter of the student body is female and one fifth are veterans. The majority of students have secured employment in their respective trades prior to graduation, aided by expertise gained from their education and externship experiences, critical analysis and deep knowledge base in preservation, restoration and appropriate materials needed in each of their chosen fields. The interdisciplinary approach allows graduates to be as educated as the architects with whom they work.
History
American College of the Building Arts was founded in the aftermath of Hurricane Hugo, which struck the Southeastern coast of the United States in 1989. The devastating category four hurricane damaged or destroyed many historical coastal-Carolina buildings and left much of Charleston's iron, plaster and fine wood work in disrepair. It took ten years to rebuild and restore the city's damaged homes and historical buildings, in part, because of a shortage of skilled artisans. In 1999, in response to this gap in the building arts, a group of local movers and shakers planted the seeds that led to the founding of ACBA.
Initially, classes and workshops that focused on the building arts were offered at a number of different Charleston area locations. However, the original educational model proved difficult to execute, and the college founders regrouped to establish a degree-granting college, integrating the American liberal arts degree model with the artisan teaching styles of Europe. In 2004, ACBA was licensed by the South Carolina Commission on Higher Education to recruit students for a Bachelor of Applied Science and an Associate of Applied Science in the building arts. In 2009 the college awarded its first degrees to seven students. During these same years, ACBA reconfigured its administration, hiring current president, Lt.(ret.) General Colby M. Broadwater III and other administrative team members with strong business experience.
Academics
American College of the Building Arts combines a traditional liberal arts education with programs in trade education that are based on European and other models. The framing and plaster programs are based on the French “les Compagnons du Devoir,” a trade guild offering high-skill vocational and educational training rich in culture and humanity. The stone program is based on programs at Lincoln Cathedral and Wells Cathedral in the United Kingdom. The iron program has a long association with Colonial Williamsburg and also with the work of Philip Simmons, famed Charleston ironwork artisan and one of the founders of ACBA. Pieces designed and made by Simmons are displayed at the Smithsonian Institution, South Carolina State Museum and outside the United States in France and China. In addition to trade-specific classes, students pursue a course of general studies that includes not only typical college courses, such as English and mathematics, but also specialized courses in drawing, design, materials science and construction management. ACBA maintains a low student-to-faculty ratio to ensure the highest standards of quality in its programs.
The Byrne-Diderot Library is a major research resource for students and faculty. The library houses a specialized collection of books, periodicals, newspapers and audiovisual materials in the building, visual, decorative and liberal arts. The library's main collection contains over 6.500 items. The D.A.R. Special Collections room contains another 500 rare books, catalogs and periodicals, as well as examples of historical tools and 19th century Charleston iron work.
Media
ACBA has been featured on This Old House, Forbes, Garden & Gun, Voice of America, Worth, Wolverine Boots, White House Chronicle., and PBS NewsHour
Campus history
American College of the Building Arts first classes were offered at several different locations in and around the city of Charleston, including the Old Charleston District Jail, which became the college's primary location for 17 years. Carpentry and forged architectural iron programs were housed at a separate site. The Jail was originally constructed in 1802 and expanded in 1855 to include living quarters for the warden and jailers on the street side and an octagonal rear wing. Many infamous inmates were housed in the prison, including high seas pirates, the female mass murderer Lavinia Fischer and Denmark Vesey, a free African American who plotted a slave rebellion that was discovered before it could be executed. During the Civil War both Confederate and Union prisoners were incarcerated within its walls. Although it had no electricity or running water, the jail housed prisoners until it was decommissioned in 1939.
During the years spent occupying and renovating the jail, the college viewed itself as caretaker of the building and its rich history. As part of ACBA's living learning laboratory, faculty members led students in assessing needs and proper methods of restoration, preservation and reconstruction.
Having outgrown its existing facilities, ACBA launched a major fundraising effort in 2014 to establish a single, expanded campus that could consolidate the teaching of all trades under one roof. With a major donation from Parallel Capital and from Russell and Betty Joan Hitt, founders of Virginia-based HITT Contracting, early supporters of ACBA, the college raised funds to purchase and renovate the abandoned Charleston Trolley Barn on Upper Meeting Street. On May 7, 2015, 150 people attended the groundbreaking ceremony.
It took just over one year and approximately $6 million to build the new state-of-the-art ACBA campus that was formally opened in October 2016. The newly repurposed building maintains the historical ethos of the original structure while providing the students with modern academic and workshop space. Approximately 39,000 square feet were carved out of the barn's original 24,000 square foot footprint. The front third of the three-story building houses an exhibition lobby, administrative offices, classrooms, labs and a community room available to local civic groups. Workshops and trade classrooms are located in the back two-thirds of the building. A student lounge, faculty offices and conference spaces occupy the second floor. The third floor rafters house the computer lab and ACBA's unique library and its special collections. The building has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In September 2018, the college received national accreditation from the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges.
Additional programs
A diverse lineup of evening courses was introduced to the public beginning in the fall of 2017, including AutoCAD, interior design and history of Charleston architecture. In January 2018, ACBA initiated intensive one-week courses in areas such as sculptural blacksmithing, decorative woodcarving, furniture restoration, furniture design and stained glass. In the Fall of 2018, the addition of an undergraduate major in classical architecture and design will bring the list of ACBA majors up to seven.
References
External links
Welcome - American College of the Building Arts in Charleston, SC
American College of the Building Arts page at Craft in America
2004 establishments in South Carolina
Education in Charleston, South Carolina
Educational institutions established in 2004
Liberal arts colleges in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Charleston, South Carolina
Private universities and colleges in South Carolina
Styriofelis is an extinct genus of Felidae known from the Miocene of Europe.
Taxonomy
In 1882, a species of Pseudaelurus from Europe was described as Pseudaelurus turnauensis. Another species, Pseudaelurus lorteti, was described in 1899. The species Pseudaelurus transitorius was described in 1892, but most authors considered it a synonym of P. turnauensis.
In 1929, Kretzoi proposed the genus Styriofelis for P. turnauensis, but this proposal was largely ignored. Kretzoi also proposed the genus Miopanthera for P. lorteti, but Beaumont, during their proposal of splitting Pseudaelurus, ignored Kretzoi and placed the two species in their own genus Schizailurus. Subsequently, Schizailurus has been considered a junior synonym of both Styriofelis and Miopanthera.
In 2010, a review of the family Felidae suggested that Pseudaelurus be split into three separate genera, including Styriofelis for P. turnauensis and P. lorteti. The status of Pseudaelurus romieviensis, the fourth European species, was left uncertain due to the fragmentary state of the specimens assigned to it.
In 2012, a new species of Pseudaelurus-grade felid found in Spain was described as Styriofelis vallesiensis. In 2017, however, a review of the species concluded that it was sufficiently different as to require a separate genus, and was reassigned to the new genus Leptofelis as Leptofelis vallesiensis.
Also in 2017, a review of the species Felis pamiri concluded that F. pamiri and S. lorteti were closely related, and were also distinct enough to both be reassigned to the genus Miopanthera.
References
Prehistoric felids
Prehistoric carnivoran genera
Francesco Locatelli (9 March 1920 – 12 December 1978) was an Italian racing cyclist. They won the 1949 edition of the Tour de Pologne.
References
External links
1920 births
1978 deaths
Italian male cyclists
Cyclists from the Province of Lecco
Samuel Ipoua Hamben (born 1 March 1973) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
They played for several European clubs, including OGC Nice (France), Torino (Italy), Rapid Wien (Austria), Toulouse (France), 1. FSV Mainz 05, TSV 1860 Munich and LR Ahlen in Germany. At the local level, they played for Union de Douala (Cameroon).
They played for the Cameroon national football team and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.
Their brother Guy Ipoua is also a footballer and has spent most of their career playing in England.
In July 2005, they had a failed trial with Grimsby Town.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroon international footballers
Torino F.C. players
OGC Nice players
Toulouse FC players
SK Rapid Wien players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
TSV 1860 Munich players
Rot Weiss Ahlen players
Serie B players
Ligue 1 players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in France
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
1998 FIFA World Cup players
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Association football forwards
Alexander Marcus (born 26 July 1972 in Berlin as Felix Rennefeld) is a German music producer. They became popular in Germany after producing and uploading a series of videos to YouTube.
Biography
According to Marcus, their parents got divorced shortly after their birth. They sent them to live with their grandmother in the countryside, where they took part in the popular children's dance group "Edelweißchen". At eighteen they went to the US and lived in New York and Miami, and while there experienced international and electronic music. It was here that they formed the idea to combine this music style with aspects of German folk music and Schlager. They have been living in Berlin since 2005. On 6 June 2008 they released their debut album Electrolore with Kontor Records, which included guest contributions by Manny Marc and Frauenarzt.
Style
Alexander Marcus' music is a mixture of modern electronic club music and folk music, which they have named 'Electrolore', a Portmanteau of 'electro' and 'folklore'. They exaggerate many of the clichés present in German Schlager music, often complementing them with "trashy" objects in their music videos, such as a recurrent plastic globe they nicknamed "Globi". Spiegel Online sees them as a typical example of a return to pop-art social criticism. Never breaking out of character, Rennefeld leaves the question of whether the character is a parody unanswered: 2008 Alexander Marcus was on tour as support act for And One.
Discography
Albums
2008: Electrolore (released on Kontor Records, with DVD)
2009: Mega
2012: Glanz & Gloria
2014: Kristall
2017: 10 Jahre Electrolore – Das ultimative Album
2019: "Pharao"
Guest contributions
2008: Tanz den Tanz on Die Türen-Remix-Album Booty
2008: Florida Lady on Atzen Musik Vol. 1 by Frauenarzt and Manny Marc
2009: Nessaja on Hands on Scooter by Scooter
References
External links
Felix Rennfeld Discogs
1972 births
Living people
German male singer-songwriters
German singer-songwriters
German record producers
Singers from Berlin
21st-century German guitarists
Rostaq Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 6,033, in 1,620 families. The rural district has 23 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Rivington and Blackrod High School in the North West region of England is a Leverhulme Trust multi-academy school alongside Harper Green School, it operates as a Church of England teaching environment with a sixth form school. The school is located at two sites, with the upper school situated on Rivington Lane in Rivington, Lancashire (), and the lower school situated on Albert Street in Horwich, Greater Manchester ().
Present day
The school specialises in design and technology, mathematics and science. It has been awarded the status of a training school to train the next generation of teachers. Year Seven pupils (the lower school), occupy the former Horwich County Secondary School site. The upper school (high school) eight to eleven and Sixth form students occupy the Rivington site.
In 2008 the school was one of 11 across the country to receive a Specialist Schools and Academies Trust's (SSAT) 2008 Futures Vision Tour Award and gave impressive A level results at 98%. The school ranked 7th in 2009 of 19 schools in the Bolton LEA with scores for GCSE % 50 Level 2 CVA 994.9 A/AS average points 611.1 and Level 3 CVA 990.7 in 2009.
History
Rivington Grammar School
A free grammar school in Rivington village was founded by James Pilkington, Bishop of Durham in 1566 when a charter was granted by Queen Elizabeth I. The Free School of Queen Elizabeth was founded for the children of all social classes. The first schoolmaster was appointed on 10 July 1572. Arrangements to endow the school with an income were not completed until 1574. Bishop Pilkington confirmed the endowments. A list of its scholars, comprising 114 pupils, is dated 1575. Most of the school's endowments were provided by the bishop in the Diocese of Durham in Lindake, Wolsingham, Whickham, Heighington, Stanhope, Stockton, Auckland, Silksworth and Hetton-le-Hole and brought an income of £30 per year from rents. The school was built on land leased for a thousand years from March 1581 from the bishop's brother, George Pilkington of New Hall, then owner of the Manor of Rivington., they were also one of the first school governors.
The governors of the old Grammar school appear to have begun their duties in August 1574.
The Chantry at the altar of St Nicholas at St Wilfred's Church, Standish had been endowed with Higher Knowle farm, Lower Knowle farm and Grut farm in 1478 by Robert Pilkington who was then its Chaplain. The farms were taken by the crown in consequence of the Abolition of Chantries Act 1547. In 1574 the school recovered rents for the same properties, whilst in 1583 by Thurston Anderton purchased the same farms from the Crown, the ownership would have been freehold and leasehold.
A governor of the school in 1650 until 1691 during the Commonwealth and after the Restoration was Thomas Willoughby, 11th Baron Willoughby of Parham, gentleman of Horwich. This Thomas Willoughby had also been the founder of a non conformist Chapel at Horwich, had taken over Horwich Parish Church for the benefit of dissenters and had fought with The Roundheads, they were a staunch puritan, achieving rank of Major.
Willoughby succeeded in regaining the schools rental income at a time when the school lacked funds between 1650 and 1660 travelling to London, York and Durham. They were chairperson of governors in 1651, 1653–54, 1670, 1676 and 1683. They lived at a large estate near the high school inherited from their wife Eleanor Whittle on the Horwich side of the River Douglas, they lived to the age of 82, giving the area its name of Old Lords. They had been unexpectedly elevated to the legislature as an Hereditary Peer in 1685 after their relation had moved abroad. In the 18th century Richard Pilkington, whose sons founded Pilkington Glass, was a school governor for many years.
In 1714 the grammar school was rebuilt on its original site after many years of dilapidation. The governors obtained letters patent from George IV to exchange the land in Durham for land closer to the school in 1823. The Durham land was exchanged for Higher Knowles, Lower Knowles and Grut Farms in Rivington, and a house known as Jolly's in Heath Charnock which brought in annual rents. Higher Knowle farm is still active, Lower Knowle is a ruin, both located on the slope of Rivington Pike, Grut farm was once located opposite the entrance of the current Rivington and Blackrod High School driveway.
The original grammar school now houses the Rivington primary school.
Blackrod Grammar School
Blackrod Grammar School was founded by John Holmes, a London weaver, in whose will of 1568 rental income from property in London was left to trustees to pay a schoolmaster in Blackrod, and a further legacy of rental income paid for a scholar to attend Pembroke College, Cambridge. Henry Norris's legacy in 1639 was left in trust to pay a schoolmaster. It is not known where the school started, possibly in St Katharine's Church but premises were later provided near the church. In 1627 Elizabeth Tyldesley left rental income from land and property at Graveoak in Bedford to provide a free school in the county of Lancashire. Them trustees decided to benefit Blackrod in 1631. Income from the trust paid the schoolmaster from 1640. No scholars went to Pembroke College for many years before 1766 or up to 1790 and funds built up with interest. In 1790 agreements with Lord Lindsay of Haigh Hall brought in further income. By 1807 the trustees had accrued a significant sum to which in 1812 John Ainscough left a legacy including the income from mortgages on a toll road between Wigan to Preston. The old school, converted into a house was rented to Richard Bury after a new school was built in 1798. Accounts provided for the charity commissioners show the school was well funded in 1828.
Rivington and Blackrod Grammar School
Rivington and Blackrod Grammar Schools were amalgamated in 1875. Its charter was approved by Queen Victoria. In the Victorian era boarding was at cottages then known as School Houses in the village, today known as Mill Hill cottages. A new building for Rivington and Blackrod Grammar School was constructed on the current site in 1882 as a boarding school with provision for about fifty boarders and perhaps an equal number of day boys on land of the three Rivington farms connected to Rivington Grammar School's endowment. Its founding charter is displayed in the school.
Chapel
The school chapel was built in 1892 with a donation from Mr and Mrs Daniel Marshall, in memory of their son Frederick. The chapel was designed by R. K Freeman. It is panelled in Dantzic oak and has 100 sittings. The Anglican chapel had regular morning worship.
A stained glass east window was installed in 1912 commemorating James Pilkington, the Bishop of Durham and donors to the chapel. The side lights illustrate events in the career of the bishop, their Mastership of St John's College, Cambridge, fleeing to Europe, teaching children in Zurich, and revising the Book of Common Prayer with Matthew Parker, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The west window, a memorial to those killed in the First World War, was unveiled on 8 March 1922 by R. T. Johnson, principal between 1894 and 1904 and dedicated by Henry Henn, the Bishop of Burnley. The window's three lights show, a laurel crowned figure representing victory, a knight in full armour, depicting faith and three Marys kneeling before the angel at the tomb of the risen Christ.
William Lever, founder of Lever Brothers was a school governor between 1901 and 1905 and made a contribution to the chapel windows installed in 1912.
The inscription in Latin translates to 'They Sought Glory of Liberty; they see the Glory of God'. The names of school's 24 war dead are also inscribed. Their surnames are given with initials of christian names on the window, their full names are given below, (Over 150 fought in the First World War)
W. Leonard Billington
Geoffrey R. Johnson
Harold Briggs
Henry Norman Johnson
Frederick H. Brown
Richard Miller
Joseph O. Carter
Norman Myers
Ernest Cotton
Richard Nelson
Arthur Chippendale
Harvey St George James Pulford
John Entwistle
J. Alec Ross
Leonard W. Gastall
Frank Savage
John S. Griffiths
Richard D. Scholfield
Charles Grundy
Harry Tatlow
John Harvey
Denham Walker
Ralph Hough
Percy Wilkinson
The name Arthur Chippendale appears on the stained glass, but Chippendale had survived the Great War. Their story was featured in a BBC program titled "Rivington and Blackrod High School, Bolton: The Missing Man, The man who created a cover story to avoid the stigma of mental health", in 2015.
The east and west windows were produced by John Hardman and Company. Two windows were installed and designed for the chapel in 2004 by Andrew Seddon who also restored and cleaned the other windows. One was in memory of a former principal, Mr Jenner and the second to celebrate the centenary of the Association of Old Rivingtonians in the same year.
Roll of Honour
After the end of the Second World War, pupils placed a memorial book in the chapel bearing the names of those who lost their lives, this reads as follows:
Roll of Honour to those who laid down their lives in the war, 1939-1945
Richard Cecil Butterworth
Frederick Arthur Easthope
John Lawrence Ellison
Ted Atherton
Tony Atherton
Derek Booth
John P. Dickinson
Maurice Donkersley
Eric Harper
Fred James
Ian Lamb
Arthur Lee
Norman Owen
Edward Rawlinson
Arthur Settle
Fred Taylor
Owen Worrall
William Wallace Ryder
Charles Philip Singleton
Wallasey Grammar School evacuated the entire school to Rivington and Blackrod Grammar in 1941, during World War II, a former pupil David Owen recalled 'Wallasey Grammar brought a new meaning to class war' and that the other school introduced them to Rugby Union, events are also recorded in media from Old Wallaseyans.
Mixed grammar school
After a decline in the numbers of scholars between 1904 and 1905, a meeting handed control of the school to the Local Authority under the powers of the Education Act 1902 giving it responsibility for secondary education. Under Sir Henry Flemming Hibbert, Chairman of the Lancashire Education Authority, the school became a day school. The new school was formally inaugurated by Lord Stanley and the new building opened by Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby. The assembly hall was inaugurated by Lord Stanley, in 1905, the year girls were first admitted. There were 200 places for equal numbers of boys and girls. Around this time the curriculum added modern studies.
Sport
The level pitch in front of the school was created between 1883 and 1884, at a cost of £210, the funds raised by a bazaar. The cricket pitch was laid and drained in 1907, by a bequest of £100 in memory of T. Heaton made by their grandson, William of Lostock. Rev. W. Ritson, Vicar of Rivington met much of the additional cost. Traditionally the school bell was not rung whilst a good game of cricket was being played. The grounds were in the past maintained by the scholars. The house system introduced in 1910 and teams are Holme, Queen's and Pilkington.
Coat of arms
The Rivington and Blackrod High School badge worn on uniforms of pupils uniforms is an embroidered coat of arms of James Pilkington (bishop), a school founder, impaled with the arms of the see of Durham, the arms appear on the top right side of the Pilkington painting, now worn on the breast pocket, school tie and girls skirts in addition to P.E kit, where it also has initials of the schools name, 'R.B.H.S'
The arms of the Bishop were a "Argent a cross patonce Gules, voided by field, on a chief Vert three suns, or with the mark for a second son" awarded to the Bishop in 1561 by Sir Gilbert Dethicke Garter King of Arms. The see of Durham arms are "Azure a Cross Or between four Lions rampant Argent" and are derived from the seal of Robert Nevill, Bishop of Durham from 1438 to 1457.
The original school badge was a design of the coat of arms of the Pilkington family of Lancashire, an escutcheon with an argent cross patonce voided gules and were introduced for the school in 1907 by Rev. W. Ritson, Vicar of Rivington. The mower remains on the school coat of arms, but not on uniforms.
The school seal presented at its foundation, 1566, featured a depiction of the Bishop above the coat of arms of the school and was lost in 1882. The motto on the seal was in Latin and translated to 'who spares the rod spoils the child', the bishop is holding a birch rod in the right hand and bible in the left hand, open at the third chapter of the Epistle to the Galatians, religion being a key element in the early school with the birch and motto indicating use of corporal punishment in education.
Extension
In 1924 a school inspection showed a need to expand the building. Work started in April 1929 the extension foundation stone was laid 10 July 1929 by Alderman Ernest Ashton, Mayor of Chorley, who had been governor for many years. The extension was to accommodate 300 pupils and required a long corridor to be built between the buildings. The extension added new science rooms, general classrooms. A visitor in 1931 was the Earl of Derby, Edward George Villiers Stanley (1865–1948). Additional extensions were added in 1956 and further extensions added in 1958 when the principal's house was converted into classrooms.
Rivington and Blackrod High School
In 1973, Rivington and Blackrod High School was established by an amalgamation of Rivington and Blackrod Grammar School and Horwich County Secondary School. In 2004, the Brook Learning Partnership was formed - a collaborative partnership with Ladybridge High School, Bolton. The school became Leverhulme Academy Church of England and Community Trust along with Harper Green School in Farnworth in March 2017.
References
Notes
Bibliography
.
External links
Rivington and Blackrod High School website
Church of England secondary schools in the Diocese of Manchester
Secondary schools in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton
Rivington
Horwich
1566 establishments in England
Academies in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton
Educational institutions established in the 1560s
Aslan Kazikovich Tautiyev (; born 25 May 1990) is a Russian former football defender.
Club career
They played two seasons in the Russian Football National League for FC Volgar Astrakhan.
External links
Career summary by sportbox.ru
1990 births
Sportspeople from Vladikavkaz
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Volgar Astrakhan players
FC Chernomorets Novorossiysk players
FC Sokol Saratov players
FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye players
Høydalsmo is a village in Tokke municipality in Telemark county, Norway. It has about 300 permanent residents.
Høydalsmo is known for its skiing facilities. Høydalsmo hosted the Norwegian cross-country skiing championships in 2002.
The wrestler Gromguten hails from Høydalsmo.
Villages in Vestfold og Telemark
Hammons Field is a minor league baseball stadium located in Springfield, Missouri, with a capacity of 7,986 plus approximately 2,500 general admission seating. The facility, funded entirely by local business person, hotel mogul and benefactor John Q. Hammons, is the centerpiece of the midtown development project, Jordan Valley Park, on the corner of Sherman Avenue and Trafficway Boulevard. Completed in April 2004, it is home to the Springfield Cardinals, the Texas League affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals as well as the Missouri State University Bears.
Hammons built the ballpark before they had a minor league team secured to play in the stadium, though they steadfastly assured local residents it would be the Double-A affiliate of the St. Louis Cardinals. They were ultimately able to persuade the Cardinals to purchase the El Paso Diablos franchise of the Texas League from the Brett Bros. and relocate it to Springfield. They became the Springfield Cardinals soon thereafter when the parent club ended its brief two-year affiliation with the Tennessee Smokies of the Southern League.
Features
The stadium is unique due to its baseball specific outbuildings. The stadium currently has two large buildings just outside the right-field walls. The larger of the two serves as a fully furnished indoor practice facility complete with astroturf, batting cages, and a small diamond for drills. The smaller building serves as administration, including General Manager offices, as well as housing both home teams' clubhouses, a cardio workout facility, and the physical trainer's office.
The stadium is also furnished with 28 luxury box suites. Only two of the Press Box level suites are available for use. The largest of the three is a personal suite for Mr. John Q. Hammons, owner of the facility.
Hammons Field also boasts one of the largest high-definition video boards in Minor League Baseball.
Events
In 2004, 2007 and 2012, the venue hosted the Missouri Valley Conference Baseball Tournament.
See also
List of NCAA Division I baseball venues
References
External links
Hammons Field - FAQs
"The Jewel of Jordan Valley Park" Webpage
Joe Mock names Hammons Field BASEBALLPARKS.COM 2005 "Ballpark of the Year"
Hammons Field - BallparkReviews.com
Charlie's Ballparks - John Q. Hammons Field
Minor League News ranks Hammons Field the #5 Minor League Ballpark in America in 2006
Official Springfield Cardinals Site
Texas League Web Site
MSU Baseball Bears Page
Tour of Hammons Field
Designers of Hammons Field
College baseball venues in the United States
Baseball venues in Missouri
Sports venues in Springfield, Missouri
Missouri State Bears baseball
Sports venues in Missouri
Texas League ballparks
Lenjab (, also Romanized as Lenjāb and Lanjāb) is a village in Kivanat Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Sonqor County
The 1988 Wightman Cup (also known as the 1988 British Car Auctions Wightman Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the 60th edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England in the United Kingdom and was the final time the competition was staged in Britain.
References
Wightman Cups by year
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
Wightman Cup
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Gyōda, Saitama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Chichibu Railway
Lines
Gyōdashi Station is served by the 71.7 km Chichibu Main Line from to , and is located 8.3 km from Hanyū. Chichibuji express services stop at this station.
Station layout
The station consists of a single island platform serving two tracks.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on 1 April 1921 as Gyōda Station. It was renamed Gyōdashi Station from 1 June 1966 to distinguish it from Gyōda Station on the JNR Takasaki Line.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2018, the station was used by an average of 1718 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Gyōda City Office
References
External links
Stations of Chichibu Railway
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1921
Railway stations in Saitama Prefecture
Gyōda
Papilio euterpinus is a species of Neotropical swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.
Taxonomy
Papilio euterpinus is a member of the homerus species-group. The members of this clade are
Papilio cacicus Lucas, 1852
Papilio euterpinus Salvin & Godman, 1868
Papilio garamas (Geyer, [1829])
Papilio homerus Fabricius, 1793
Papilio menatius (Hübner, [1819])
Papilio warscewiczii Hopffer, 1865
Papilio euterpinus is in the subgenus Pterourus Scopoli, 1777 which also includes the species-groups:- troilus species-group, glaucus species-group, the zagreus species-group and the scamander species-group.
References
Lewis, H. L., 1974 Butterflies of the World Page 24, figure 22
External links
Butterflies of America types
Butterfly corner Images from Naturhistorisches Museum Vienna
euterpinus
Butterflies described in 1868
Papilionidae of South America
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Producciones Sin Un Duro is a Spanish film production company created in Madrid in 2003, that aims to alternate between fiction and documentary films, with the main emphasis on cinema with social content, low budget and global audiences, using austere production designs.
Producciones Sin Un Duro has produced the full-length documentary Estrellas de la Línea (The Railroad All Stars), which took part in the Panorama section of the Berlinale ([Second Audience Award, Berlinale Panorama 2006 ]; Jury Special Mention, Málaga Film Festival 2006; Sebastián Prize, San Sebastián Film Festival 2006; Audience Award, LAFF Utrecht 2007, as well as a dozen other awards at international film festivals). The film has participated in the official section of diverse festivals around the world: Karlovy Vary, Hot docs-Toronto, Silver Docs-Washington, Montreal, Edinburgh, Warsaw, Hamburg, Chicago, Miami or Tokio. The company's filmography also includes the documentary short films Amor callejero (Street Love) and Triste Borracha (Sad Drunk; Jury First Prize, Documenta Madrid 2009), and the full-length documentary El Abrazo de los Peces (2011) (The Embrace of the Fishes).
The company's most recent project is Nightfall in India (2014), a feature fiction film that is an international co-production, directed by Chema Rodríguez. It participated at Málaga Film Festival 2014, and got the awards for Best Actor and Best Editing.
References
External links
Film production companies of Spain
The first USS Whirlwind (SP-221) was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission in 1917 and again in 1918.
Construction, acquisition, and commissioning
Whirlwind was built as a civilian wooden-hulled, triple-screw, steam yacht of the same name in 1909 by the Charles L. Seabury Company and the Gas Engine and Power Company at Morris Heights in the Bronx, New York. The U.S. Navy purchased them from their owner, Julius Fleischmann of New York City, on 11 May 1917 for World War I service as a patrol vessel. They were commissioned at the New York Navy Yard at Brooklyn, New York, as USS Whirlwind (SP-219) on 26 June 1917.
World War I service
First period in commission, 1917
Whirlwind fitted out at the Charles L. Seabury Company shipyard, then arrived at New Haven, Connecticut, on 17 August 1917. They soon commenced patrols off the Cornfield Point lightship. Them duties included hailing passing vessels and seeing that they kept within their designated channels and that other section patrol boats were on their stations. They also escorted Allied ships through the nets that guarded those waters. In the course of one of their normal cruises, they prevented the steamer SS Noreg, out of Nova Scotia, Canada, from fouling the antisubmarine net during a heavy squall on 24 August 1917. Early in September 1917 they inspected the 11th Division of the 3rd Naval Districts local patrol forces on station in Long Island Sound.
By early September 1917, it had become apparent that Whirlwinds sea-keeping qualities left much to be desired. Them heavy rolling and pitching caused the Navy to cease using them as an offshore patrol vessel. They arrived at the Charles L. Seabury Company shipyard at Morris Heights on 13 September 1917 for overhaul, then was decommissioned at the Marine Basin at Brooklyn on 8 December 1917.
Second period in commission, 1918
Reconsidered for naval use in a different nautical environment, Whirlwind was recommissioned at Waukegan, Illinois, on 29 September 1918. Operating out of Naval Training Station Great Lakes at Great Lakes, Illinois, they cruised to Waukegan and Chicago, Illinois, and to Milwaukee and Manitowoc, Wisconsin, before proceeding to Detroit, Michigan. During this time, they made three cruises on Lake Michigan with family members of Naval Training Station Great Lakes commandant Captain William A. Moffett—a Medal of Honor recipient, future rear admiral, and future Chief of the Navys Bureau of Aeronautics—embarked.
Final disposition
After their arrival at detroit, Whirlwind was decommissioned there on 3 December 1918. They were stricken from the Navy List on 24 April 1919 and sold on 30 June 1919.
Notes
References
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Whirlwind (SP 221)
Patrol vessels of the United States Navy
World War I patrol vessels of the United States
Ships built in Morris Heights, Bronx
1909 ships
Great Lakes ships
Individual yachts
Trilogy is a box set by the German musical project Enigma. This set includes the first three studio albums by Enigma, MCMXC a.D., The Cross of Changes, and Le Roi est mort, vive le Roi!, which comprises their artistic output from 1990–1996.
Box set contents
MCMXC a.D. (1990)
The Cross of Changes (1993)
Le Roi est mort, vive le Roi! (1996)
Certifications
References
1998 compilation albums
Enigma (German band) albums
Virgin Records compilation albums
Virginia's 23rd congressional district is an obsolete congressional district. It was eliminated in 1823 after the 1820 U.S. Census. Its last Congressman was Andrew Stevenson.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
23
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1813
Constituencies disestablished in 1823
1813 establishments in Virginia
1823 disestablishments in Virginia
Hungarian New Zealanders () are people who have migrated from Hungary to New Zealand, and their descendants, if they choose to identify as such. Hungarian New Zealanders constitute a small minority of New Zealand's population. In the 2001 census in New Zealand, when asked to indicate their ethnic identity, 894 New Zealanders described themselves as "Hungarian", altogether 1,191 spoke Hungarian and 987 stated they were born in Hungary. In 2006 1476 people spoke Hungarian.
History
19th century
Hungarians began to emigrate to New Zealand in the middle of the 19th century, but this was not a permanent settling. After the Hungarian Revolution in 1848 small groups arrived from Hungary, but also they travelled forward. In the 1860s there was a gold rush in Otago, again small groups arrived in New Zealand. One of them, Zsigmond Vékey, a lawyer became the journalist of Otago Daily Times. Later they went back to Hungary. The first permanent settlers came between 1872 and 1876, and some people later in the 19th century.
20th century
In 1909 a certain man, named István Rácz arrived in Tuatapere, Southland. They wrote letters to their home in Csongrád, Hungary. Because of this, in 1911 three other families (the Szivák, Kollát and Kókay families) joined them from the city. During the next two decades still some families followed them, altogether approximately 100 families. Some of their descendants became famous: in 1970 István Kókay's son, Stephen Kokay was chosen as the representative of the Waiau district on the Wallace County Council. One of their daughters is a biologist, named Dr. Ilona Kokay, who teaches at the Otago University. Their son Les Kokay is internationally recognised in music circles for their writings on Bob Dylan in ISIS magazine and other writings on Bob Dylan. They invented the ‘LesK' cube (a 3x3x3 cube puzzle) and was the first to solve a ‘fairly hard' tetra-cube puzzle. Mike Racz became a Guinness recorder as the fastest oyster opener.
In the beginning of the Second World War 55 Hungarians arrived, right after the war still 62. In the beginning of the 1950s another 136 Hungarians arrived in New Zealand. The largest group of refugees from Hungary, 1099 people, arrived after the 1956 Revolution. Most of them was settled in the main centres of Auckland, Wellington and Christchurch. One of them was Anna Porter (born Anna Szigethy), the novelist, who later moved to Canada. The fathers of Marton Csokas and Nándor Tánczos both were 1956-refugees. Tom Paulay, also a 1956-refugee, taught at the University of Canterbury. Until 1970 still 290 Hungarians settled down in New Zealand.
Hungarian culture in New Zealand
In the 1980s there was movement to create cultural associations. In 2006 such societies exist in four cities: Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Dunedin. On 20 August 2006, Magyar Millennium Park was opened in Wellington, featuring an original Székely gate.
There is a quarterly newspaper for the Hungarians, the Magyar Szó ("Hungarian Word").
Famous Hungarian New Zealanders
Marton Csokas - actor, played in the The Lord of the Rings and in the Kingdom of Heaven.
Nándor Tánczos - cannabis advocate and former MP of the Parliament of New Zealand
George Baloghy - artist, painter
Imre Vallyon - writer
Nick Horvath - naturalized basketball player
Louis Fenton - New Zealand national football team player
Sandor Earl - rugby player
Claire Szabó - politician, president of the New Zealand Labour Party
There was a Hungarian football club, called Hungaria, notable members were:
Imre Kiss
Julius Beck
Istvan Nemet
See also
European New Zealanders
Europeans in Oceania
Hungarian Australians
Immigration to New Zealand
Pākehā
References
External links
Newspaper Magyar Szó
Home page of the Hungarian consulate in New Zealand
Loui Kuthy - The old man of the sea
Maverick - Dunedin
New Zealanders
European New Zealander
KFBK (1530 AM) is a commercial radio station in Sacramento, California. It is simulcast on KFBK-FM 93.1 MHz. KFBK-AM-FM air a news-talk radio format and are owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. The studios and offices are on River Park Drive in North Sacramento, near the Arden Fair Mall.
KFBK 1530 is a Class A radio station. Its 50,000-watt transmitter is on Pleasant Grove Road at Catlett Road in Pleasant Grove. Because KFBK shares AM 1530 with another Class A station, WCKY Cincinnati, KFBK uses a directional antenna, which operates with separate day and night parameters and has the highest field strength of any AM station in the United States. The daytime signal covers much of the Northern California, from the northern Sacramento Valley to the San Francisco Bay Area and the Central Valley. At night, it reaches much of the Western United States and Western Canada.
Programming
iHeart owns three talk stations in the Sacramento metropolitan area, KFBK-AM-FM, which air mostly local shows and news blocks on weekdays, and KSTE 650 AM which carries mostly syndicated conservative talk shows. Weekdays on KFBK-AM-FM begin with "The KFBK Morning News" with Cristina Mendonsa and Sam Shane, followed by "Clay Travis & Buck Sexton," Tom Sullivan (originally local, now syndicated via NBC News Radio), John McGinness and "The Afternoon News with Kitty O'Neal." At night, three syndicated shows are heard: "The Pat Walsh Show," "Coast to Coast AM with George Noory" and "This Morning, America's First News with Gordon Deal."
Weekends feature shows on money, health, the outdoors, guns, car repair and travel, some of which are paid brokered programming. Some weekday shows are repeated on weekends. ABC News Radio begins most hours nights and weekends.
History
Earlier activities
According to official government records, KFBK's first license was granted in August 1922. However, the station has in some cases included as part of its history an earlier Sacramento station, KVQ, which began broadcasting in February 1922.
KVQ received its initial license, as Sacramento's first broadcasting station, on December 9, 1921, issued to J. C. Hobrecht. It was operated in conjunction with the Sacramento Bee newspaper, and made its debut broadcast on February 2, 1922. A few months later, ownership was transferred from J. C. Hobrecht to the Bee's publisher, James McClatchy, followed a short time later by a transfer to "Sacramento Bee (James McClatchy Co.)". However, KVQ suspended operations on December 20, 1922, and was formally deleted on January 2, 1923. Early reviews in the Sacramento Bee treated KVQ as a separate station from the later KFBK, and government regulators at the time consistently considered the two to be separate, unrelated stations.
Early history
KFBK was first licensed, as the city's second broadcasting station, on August 16, 1922, to the Kimball-Upson Company, and initially was operated in conjunction with the Bee's primary competitor, the Sacramento Union. The call letters were sequentially assigned from an alphabetic list maintained by the Department of Commerce, which regulated radio in the United States at this time. KFBK began test transmissions in early September, and made its formal debut broadcast on September 17, 1922.
Initially there was only a single wavelength, 360 meters (833 kHz), available for radio station "entertainment" broadcasts, which required stations in various regions to develop timesharing agreements assigning operating hours. As of November 1, 1922, there were seven "Inland Stations" sharing time on 360 meters, with KFBK allocated 6:00 to 6:30 P.M. daily except Sunday, plus 8:00 to 9:00 P.M. Thursdays and 8:00 to 10:00 P.M. Sundays.
In May 1923 the Department of Commerce greatly expanded the number of broadcasting station frequencies,
and later that year KFBK was assigned unlimited use of 1060 kHz. A series of reassignments followed, until November 11, 1928, when, under the provisions of Commerce's General Order 40, the station was assigned to a low-powered "Local" frequency, 1310 kHz.
As was true with most stations in the early 1920s, KFBK was initially operated without advertising, and was primarily used for publicity purposes. The Sacramento Union eventually ended its close association with the station. In 1925 the Sacramento Bee saw this as an opportunity to re-enter the broadcasting field which it had left nearly three years earlier when it had shut down KVQ, but now on a commercial basis. Effective September 1, 1925, the James McClatchy Company, a local, family-owned company which owned the Sacramento Bee, Modesto Bee and Fresno Bee newspapers, made an agreement with station owner Kimball-Upson for a half interest in KFBK's equipment and good will. The Kimball-Upson company was granted a $3,000 credit for advertisements placed in the Bee, while the newspaper company agreed to enlarge the station's studio and pay for KFBK's operating and maintenance expenses. As part of this arrangement, McClatchy assumed control over all airtime sales at the station, with net profits up to $6,000 shared equally between the two partners, and 80% of any higher profits going to McClatchy. The station's new status was formally introduced by a special broadcast made on September 5, 1925.
In early 1929, ownership of KFBK was transferred from Kimball-Upson to the James McClatchy Company. McClatchy later acquired additional radio stations in the region, including KBEE in Modesto and KMJ in Fresno. From 1964 to 1978, KFBK was a sister station to Sacramento-Stockton-Modesto TV station KOVR. The cluster of KFBK, KBEE and KOVR was possible because Sacramento and Modesto, then as now, are separate radio markets.
In 1936 KFBK was granted permission to make a major upgrade, going from 100 watts on 1310 kHz to 5,000 watts on the "High Powered Regional" frequency of 1490 kHz, which had previously been exclusively assigned to WCKY in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 1937 KFBK increased power again, to 10,000 watts. In March 1941, under the provisions of the North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement, KFBK and WCKY shifted to 1530 kHz, a frequency designated as a "Clear Channel" assignment, with both stations now classified as "Class I-B". On October 2, 1948, KFBK increased its power to 50,000 watts, concurrent with the installation of a directional antenna to limit its signal toward WCKY.
1950s and 1960s
As television took over network programming, KFBK reinvented itself as a news, information, sports, and entertainment station. Because of its strong signal and location in the heart of the Central Valley, the station became the chief source for farmers to obtain weather reports and price and other farming information. Beginning on January 4, 1960, KFBK carried CBS Radio Network programming, including top-of-the-hour newscasts, plus specialized reports from Edward R. Murrow and Lowell Thomas. Local news programs included the Richfield Reporter. Tony Koester was both the long-time voice of the minor league Sacramento Solons and the station's sports director. When the San Francisco Giants arrived in 1958, the station began a long partnership carrying their games. Entertainment programming included Arthur Godfrey and Doug Pledger.
The talk of the town
In the 1970s, with less network programming available, KFBK began programming talk shows as part of their broadcast day, promoting them as "The Talk of the Town". After a brief trial as an adult contemporary music station, ownership committed themselves to a format that included news blocks during morning and afternoon drive time, with the remainder of the day's programming featuring local talk shows. With the U.S. Federal Communications Commission implementing a newspaper-broadcasting cross-ownership rule, McClatchy was forced to divest itself of its radio and television stations. KFBK was sold to Westinghouse Broadcasting and later shifted network affiliation to ABC Radio.
KFBK begins FM simulcasting
KFBK-FM began simulcasting KFBK on December 1, 2011, at 92.5 FM, the former home of KGBY. This was mainly to fill in areas east of Sacramento where the AM signal is weaker at night due to the need to protect WCKY. Beginning December 26, 2013, KFBK briefly operated a trimulcast, adding 93.1 FM, the former home of "Classic 93.1" (KHLX); this ended a week later when KGBY adopted a country music format as KBEB.
Ownership changes
KFBK was acquired by Chancellor Media in 1997. Chancellor was acquired by Clear Channel Communications a few years later; in September 2014, Clear Channel changed its name to iHeartMedia, Inc.
Prominent staff members
During the 1980s, KFBK employed Morton Downey, Jr. as a local midday host. Downey later went on to host a popular nationally syndicated weekday TV show. After Downey's departure, Rush Limbaugh replaced them at the station in 1984. Limbaugh first rose to prominence at KFBK before becoming nationally syndicated in 1988. Their national program aired for many years on KFBK in the same time slot (9:00 a.m.–noon) where they hosted locally.
Limbaugh's local replacement, Tom Sullivan later gained national syndication. For a time, they're also working for the Fox Business Network. Sullivan continues to be heard on KFBK weekday afternoons.
A number of other KFBK alumni have gained national prominence. Former KFBK news reporter/anchor Laura Ingle is a featured reporter on Fox News Channel. Former KFBK reporter and weekend anchor Todd Starnes hosted a weekday show on Fox News Radio and currently owns a radio station in Memphis, Tennessee. Former KFBK evening host Spencer Hughes hosted a weekday program Fox Across America on Fox News Radio.
References
External links
KFBK official website
FCC History Cards for KFBK (covering 1927-1980) (FCC.gov)
Live web broadcast
Further reading
Sacramento on the Air: How the McClatchy Family Revolutionized West Coast Broadcasting by Annette Kassis, 2015.
FBK
Westinghouse Broadcasting
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1922
1922 establishments in California
IHeartMedia radio stations
Clear-channel radio stations
Radio stations licensed before 1923 and still broadcasting
MV Agios Georgios, also known as MV Panagia Tinou, was a historic roll on roll off ferry launched in 1972 as MV Hengist. They were designed to operate across the English channel and served the Folkestone-Boulogne route until 1991. In 1987, they were beached as a result of the great storm of 1987. They served with several operators before being sold to Vaggelis Ventouris in 2004 to serve the Greek islands.
In April 2016, they sank while docked in Piraeus. The ship was refloated in February 2017 and was scrapped in the same year.
References
1972 ships
Ships built in France
Ships of British Rail
Ships of the Stena Line
Ferries of Greece
Maritime incidents in 1987
Maritime incidents in 2016
Brigus is a small fishing community located in Conception Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. Brigus was home to Captain Bob Bartlett and the location of their residence Hawthorne Cottage.
Brigus was incorporated in July 1964. Its first mayor was Fred Bartlett. The present mayor is Byron Rodway. Rev. R. Wells was the first clergy mayor elected in the province.
Geography
Located in a sheltered bay, it has been home to many fishermen and a strategic location in early times. Brigus is located adjacent to Cuper's Cove (modern day Cupids), an English settlement established in 1610 by John Guy on behalf of Bristol's Society of Merchant Venturers.
Brigus is located approximately 80 km west of St. John's, and is accessible via Route 70-A just 18 km from the Trans Canada Highway (TCH).
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Brigus had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
History
The name Brigus comes from the Brickhouse which was the name of an old town in England. Brigus's history dates back to around 1612, when John Guy sold half of the harbour to the Spracklin family. At this time Brigus was mostly settled by people from England, Ireland, and Wales. During King William's War, this village was raided in the Avalon Peninsula Campaign.
Brigus is famous for its sea captains. It was in 1819 when Captain William Munden built the schooner Four Brothers, the first one hundred ton schooner in Newfoundland (built 1819).
There were many "Arctic Heroes" that came from this historic town:
Captain John Bartlett sailed with the American explorer Isaac Israel Hayes and also with Admiral Robert Peary
Captain Sam Bartlett who sailed with Peary
Captain Robert Bartlett who was in charge of the S.S. Roosevelt when Peary reached the North Pole, who later survived the wreck of the Karluk, and who later helmed the schooner Effie M. Morrissey
Captain Arthur Bartlett
Captain William Norman who rescued Admiral Adolphus Greely
Captain Isaac Bartlett who rescued Captain Tyson and crew after drifting on an iceberg for 1500 miles
Captain William Bartlett, known as "the Commodore of the sealing fleet in Newfoundland".
The HGTV Canada series Rock Solid Builds, centring on home renovations in the Brigus area by contractor Randy Spracklin, premiered in 2021.
Attractions
Brigus is a popular tourist stop, renowned for its scenic qualities and places of interest. Among these are the site of The Vindicator, where the Brigus newspaper was printed at the turn of the 20th century; the Convent of Mercy, built in 1860 for the Mercy Sisters who came from Ireland in 1861; the local Orange Lodge; Hawthorne Cottage National Historic Site; "The Tunnel" bored through solid rock on the waterfront in 1860 to provide access to a deep water berth for the Bartlett sailing ships; the Stone Barn Museum; Jubilee Club, the meeting place of the "Merchant Princes of Brigus" from the late 19th century to the mid-20th century; St. George' s Anglican Church, consecrated in 1845; Brigus United Church, dedicated in 1875 on the site of an earlier church; and the Roman Catholic Church, built in 1832.
See also
List of lighthouses in Canada
List of communities in Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Further reading
John Northway Leamon, 1998, Brigus: Past Glory, Present Splendour, St. John's: Harry Cuff Publications.
External links
Brigus, Newfoundland and Labrador
Populated coastal places in Canada
Towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Lighthouses in Newfoundland and Labrador
Grant Circle is a traffic circle in the Petworth neighborhood of Northwest Washington, D.C. New Hampshire and Illinois Avenues NW, Varnum Street NW, and 5th Street NW all intersect at this circle. The park within the circle and the adjoining triangles is owned and administered by the National Park Service through its Rock Creek Park unit. The circle and the buildings flanking it were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
History
Originally named Sheridan Circle, it was renamed Grant Circle in 1889. Grant Circle is named for Ulysses S. Grant, the former Union Army General who won the American Civil War and later was twice elected President of the United States. The local newsletter the Grant Circular is named after the circle. As of 1895, Grant Circle was unpaved, the area surrounded it was heavy wooded, and the only trace of commerce was an abandoned peanut stand nearby.
In 1906, while excavating a sand pit at Grant Circle and Illinois Avenue, sand banks caved in around several workers. James Major, an African-American worker, was buried in sand. The force of the sand broke Major's neck, killing them instantly. Other workers were buried up their necks and narrowly escaped death.
The blocks surrounding the circle were fully developed by 1920, and the roadway around it paved in 1921.
The park within the circle is owned and administered by the National Park Service through its Rock Creek Park unit.
Petworth Methodist Episcopal Church bought land at the southern intersection of Grant Circle and New Hampshire Avenue to build a new church. Petworth Methodist Episcopal Church had been at 8th and Shepherd Streets until its land was acquired by the District's commissioners to build a school, today called Petworth Elementary School. Designed by M.F. Moore, the church was patterned after the style of the period of John Wesley, founder of Methodism. The church was completed in 1916.
Petworth Catholic Church was built on the northwestern side of Grant Circle, between Varnum and Webster streets, in 1920.
Grant Circle was one of the first locales in the city where the double-globe "Bacon lamppost" was erected. The Beaux-Arts-style street light was approved by the United States Commission of Fine Arts in 1924, and is still used only in the city's historic core.
Park features
Once considered as a site to relocate a fountain from the U.S. Botanic Garden and Bartholdi Fountain grounds, the park contains no statues or memorials. When the circle was built, it was in a very rural area, far from the center city, and erecting a statue of Ulysses S. Grant would have been considered an insult.
Landscaped with a variety of trees and shrubs, the park provides walkways, park benches, and opens space for dog walking. The triangle to the north contains a small fenced-in playground.
August 2021 Washington Post Weekend Feature Article
Grant Circle was featured prominently in The Washington Post's Weekend section on August 27, 2021 in the cover story, "A Driving Force: Traffic circles bring life to the city in unexpected ways." The article began on page 11 of that section, with a photograph of bicyclists in the circle appearing above a header that read, "Circles become city's town squares."
A second photograph from Grant Circle was printed with that article, and the caption under this photograph appears to be inaccurate. The photograph is of the plaque within the circle that memorializes General Grant, and the caption under it reads: “In 1939, locals successfully pushed back against pressure to install a memorial to Ulysses S. Grant in the circle that bears their name.” This sentence is repeated within the text of the article.
Curiously, the most comprehensive source of information on the circle and its design, the 2017 National Park Service Cultural Landscape Inventory, mentions no action of this type in 1939. That report chronicles a number of significant steps related to the installation of features in and the landscaping of the circle between 1924 and 1934. But, after 1934, there are no specific actions identified, only this entry covering 1934 to 1980: “NPS maintains Grant Circle, no major new designs or plantings introduced at the site.”
The Post's 2021 caption may be in reference to a statement from a feature article on the Petworth neighborhood it published on page 15 of the October 5, 1939 edition: “Our Town: Petworth Really a Community Conscious Area.” That article includes this statement:
“No Washington section [neighborhood] has more community consciousness, nor works harder to keep it. Petworth is distinctively Petworth. Other sections might work to get a big piece of statuary for the circles in their neighborhood, for instance; but Petworth has worked to keep statuary out of Grant Circle--preferring cedar of Lebanon.”
Therefore, what The Post's 2021 caption suggests was a specific action in 1939 may well be more accurately viewed as a summation of the design-related issues that were addressed between 1924 and 1934, as described in the NPS Cultural Inventory.
It is difficult from the available sources to determine the source of the neighborhood's opposition to the Grant statuary. It is well documented that there was widespread resistance to memorializing Grant during that period. The Wikipedia page that discusses them notes: “During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, Grant's reputation was damaged by the Lost Cause movement and the Dunning School.”
A more detailed discussion of this topic is provided in the June 2010 article from The Atlantic, “How Did Ulysses Grant Become a Charicature?,” by Ta-Nehisi Coates, which discusses how efforts to undermine Grant's place in history were a direct reflection of the perpetuation of the “Lost Cause” myth and the glorification of secessionist leaders.
Whether any of these themes influenced the design of Grant Circle will have to remain an open question, given the lack of definitive information in the available sources. It is clear, however, that the rigid segregation that existed in the District in that era was a factor in discussions of public use of the circle.
Of particular note is a front page article from the April 6, 1922 edition of The Evening Star, “Children to lose another play site by improvements: Grant Circle will be sodded and made into park space.” This article included a discussion of the need for additional play space in the Petworth area, with the overall need outlined as follows: “...the experts of the children's bureau, who have studied the playground situation, here pointed out that at least fifteen acres should be developed for the white children of the section alone, and two additional acres for the colored children.” No information is provided as to whether that 15 to 2 ratios was sufficient to meet the “separate but equal” expectation for the provision of public services that was prevalent during that period of history.
See also
List of circles in Washington, D.C.
Ulysses S. Grant
References
Bibliography
External links
Grant Circle Historic District – D.C. Office of Planning
Streets in Washington, D.C.
Squares, plazas, and circles in Washington, D.C.
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Roads on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
National Historic Landmarks in Washington, D.C.
National Park Service areas in Washington, D.C.
Parks in Washington, D.C.
Urban public parks
Bernard Oliver Francis Heywood (1 March 1871March 1960) was a bishop in the Church of England.
Family and education
Heywood was born into a distinguished ecclesiastical family, the sixth son of Henry Robinson Heywood, priest and honorary canon of Manchester Cathedral. Bernard married Marion Maude and they had five sons and two daughters. They were educated at Sunningdale School, then Harrow School and Welldon. They went to Trinity College, Cambridge and graduated in 1892.
Ministry
They were ordained priest in the Church of England in 1895. They were Vicar of St Paul's Church, Bury from 1897 to 1906; Vicar of St Peter's Church, Swinton from 1906 to 1916; and Vicar of Leeds Parish Church from 1916 to 1926. Bishop of Southwell from 1926 to 1928 (before resigning owing to a period of ill health), they were subsequently an Assistant Bishop of York from 1929 to 1931 (during which time they had oversight of the East Riding) and then suffragan Bishop of Hull (effectively the same role) and Archdeacon of the East Riding from 1931 to 1934. From 1934, they were Bishop of Ely, retiring (again in ill health) in 1940/41. From October 1942 to 1951 they were Assistant Bishop of St Albans.
Works
The Bible Day by Day
This is our Faith
References
External links
1871 births
1960 deaths
People educated at Sunningdale School
People educated at Harrow School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Bishops of Southwell
Bishops of Hull
Bishops of Ely
20th-century Church of England bishops
Archdeacons of the East Riding
Assistant bishops of York
Assistant bishops of St Albans
Tsubasa Sasaki (born 23 March 1995) is a Japanese slalom canoeist who has competed at the international since 2010.
They finished 12th in the C2 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro together with Shota Sasaki.
References
1995 births
Living people
Japanese male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Japan
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
The 1982–83 SM-liiga season was the eighth season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and HIFK Helsinki won the championship.
Standings
Replay for 8th place
Kärpät - Kiekko-Reipas 2:7
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Ilves - SaiPa 2:0 (4:1, 3:2)
TPS - Tappara 1:2 (2:7, 9:5, 2:3)
Semifinal
Jokerit - Tappara 3:0 (4:3, 3:1, 5:4)
HIFK - Ilves 3:1 (8:1, 1:7, 6:2, 3:2 P)
3rd place
Ilves - Tappara 2:0 (5:3, 8:5)
Final
Jokerit - HIFK 2:3 (4:3 P, 7:4, 2:6, 2:5, 2:3)
Relegation
HPK Hämeenlinna - Lukko Rauma 3:0 (4:1, 6:1, 3:0)
Kärpät Oulu - JoKP Joensuu 3:2 (14:3, 6:7, 10:1, 1:4, 4:1)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1982–83 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Phar Lap (also released as Phar Lap: Heart of a Nation) is a 1983 film about the racehorse Phar Lap. The film stars Tom Burlinson and was written by David Williamson.
Plot
A chestnut Thoroughbred horse called Phar Lap, known as Bobby by their strapper Tommy Woodcock (Tom Burlinson), collapses and dies in Tommy's arms at Menlo Park in California in 1932. The news is greeted with great sadness in Australia. The remainder of the film is done as flashback.
Five years earlier, Phar Lap arrives in Australia, purchased for £168 sight unseen from New Zealand. Their trainer Harry Telford (Martin Vaughan), along with their wife Vi (Celia De Burgh) and young son Cappy, watch as Phar Lap is lowered onto the wharf in a sling, underweight with warts all over their face. Mrs. Telford comments that they "wonders what their (Telford's) American friend (Phar Lap's owner David Davis (Leibman)) will think?" Mr. Davis is not impressed with the underweight colt, calling them a cross between a sheep dog and a kangaroo, and orders Telford to sell them immediately. Telford protests, saying that the horse's pedigree is exceptional, with Carbine "The greatest horse of them all" on both sides of their bloodlines. So Mr. Davis agrees to lease them to Telford for three years and just keep one third of the horse's winnings, though Telford must pay for Phar Lap's upkeep and keep Davis's name out of it.
As Phar Lap is brought into the stables, they and a young strapper Tommy Woodcock form a strong bond. After Telford gallops Phar Lap hard up and down sand dunes, Tommy finds Phar Lap exhausted in their stable and immediately goes to Telford's home and confronts them about how hard they rode Phar Lap, saying that "he looked half dead." Telford sacked Tommy Woodcock, but then they were soon forced to give Tommy their job back when Phar Lap missed Tommy and stopped eating and wouldn't let anyone near them without ripping their shirt off.
Phar Lap lost their first few races, but Tommy Woodcock educated the horse by holding them back when they were training, sensing that the horse liked to come from behind. When Phar Lap started training well, Telfod took the credit, telling Mr. Davis that they have "knocked that lazy streak out of them at last." They convinced Mr. Davis to pay the £30 entry fee into 1929 Australian Derby to be run at Randwick Racecourse in Sydney. The film shows the Australian Derby as Phar Lap's first win, although their first win was actually six months earlier in the RRC Maiden Juvenile Handicap at Sydney's other main racecourse Rosehill Racecourse. The win saves Phar Lap from being sold and the winnings, £7,135 (⅓ of which went to Davis) saves Telford from bankruptcy.
As the Great Depression hits, Phar Lap wins every race they enter. Mr. Davis attempts to capitalize on Phar Lap's success through shady betting schemes with known gambling identity Eric Connolly (John Stanton), something that Telford wants no part of. In preparation for the Melbourne Cup, the premier race in Australia, Mr. Davis pressures Telford to scratch Phar Lap from the Caulfield Cup to maximize Davis's betting returns. Under financial pressure, Telford reluctantly agrees.
As Tommy Woodcock walks Phar Lap across the street after a workout, someone tries to shoot the horse, and Tommy puts themselves in between the gun and Phar Lap. Tommy Woodcock and Phar Lap go into hiding at a stud farm outside Melbourne, arriving at Flemington Racecourse at the last minute for the 1930 Melbourne Cup. Phar Lap wins, ridden by champion jockey Jim Pike (James Steele).
The horse is now back under Mr. Davis's control after the three-year agreement runs out. Mr. Davis then offers half of Phar Lap's ownership to Telford for £20,000, which Telford can't afford. Telford then fakes a hoof injury on Phar Lap and hoodwinks Mr. Davis into thinking that Phar Lap is lame, and Mr. Davis agrees to sell the half share of Phar Lap for only £4,000. Mr. Davis realizes he's been tricked when Phar Lap easily wins their next race.
The Victoria Racing Club, led by its Chairman Lachlan McKinnon (Vincent Ball), imposes an unprecedented weight of for Phar Lap to carry in their next Melbourne Cup in 1931. And they threaten to permanently ban Mr. Davis and Phar Lap from racing if Mr. Davis takes Phar Lap out of the Melbourne Cup. Phar Lap surges to the lead but fades and finishes eighth, and the racing authorities face jeering crowds.
After the 1931 Melbourne Cup, Mr. Davis is approached by Jim Crofton (Roger Newcombe) about racing Phar Lap in the Agua Caliente Handicap at the Agua Caliente Racetrack in Tijuana, Mexico. Mr. Davis, knowing that Phar Lap would always be too heavily weighted in Australian handicap races and knowing that Weight for Age races offered less prize money, agrees to take Phar Lap to Mexico, but has to convince Telford it's worthwhile. Telford initially disagrees citing Australia's Quarantine Laws, but reluctantly agrees knowing that the Agua Caliente Handicap was the richest race in the world. Telford, saying that Phar Lap has brought them "nothing but trouble" refuses to go himself, preferring to concentrate on their new stud and stables at Braeside, south of Melbourne. They promote Tommy to be Phar Lap's trainer, knowing the horse wouldn't do anything without Tommy there with him. Also traveling with Phar Lap is Tommy's friend Cashy Martin (Richard Morgan) as their new strapper, veterinarian Bill Nielsen (Robert Grubb), and jockey Billy Elliot (Paul Riley).
After arriving in the United States, Mr. Davis is forced to confront Crofton after finding that the race's purse has been halved from US$100,000 to $50,000. Tommy Woodcock soon clashes with Mr. Davis over Tommy's softer training methods and sometimes non-cooperative ways, including taking Phar Lap away from a press conference and back to their stable before the conference was finished. When questioned by Crofton about sacking Tommy Woodcock, Mr. Davis explains that "If I did, the goddamn horse would sit in their stall for the next month and cry." Tommy Woodcock also doesn't listen to advice about different horse shoes to suit the different track surface and Phar Lap badly cracks their front right hoof further hampering their preparation for the big race. Before the race, word gets out that some jockeys may have been bribed to keep Phar Lap boxed into the rails during the race, not allowing them to win and keep gamblers from losing large amounts of money. So before the race, Davis instructs jockey Billy Elliot to lead from the start, but Tommy Woodcock immediately counters this by telling Elliot to run Phar Lap's normal race of starting slow and finishing fast. Using Tommy Woodcock's advice (which initially angers Davis), Elliot rides Phar Lap to win the Agua Caliente Handicap, not knowing that blood was streaming from Phar Lap's hoof that had split.
Cast
In order of appearance (Australian release)
Tom Burlinson as Tommy Woodcock
Towering Inferno as Phar Lap
Richard Morgan as 'Cashy' Martin
Robert Grubb as Bill Nielsen
Martin Vaughan as Harry Telford
Celia De Burgh as Vi Telford
Ron Leibman as David J. Davis
Henry Duvall as Aubrey Ping
Pat Thomson as Edith Bone
Gia Carides as Emma Bone / Woodcock (credited as Georgia Carr)
Judy Morris as Bea Davis
James Steele as Jim Pike
Vincent Ball as Lachlan McKinnon
Redmond Phillips as Sir Samuel Hordern
Peter Whitford as Bert Wolfe
John Stanton as Eric Connolly
Maggie Millar as May Holmes
Tim Robertson as Policeman
Roger Newcombe as Jim Crofton
Tommy Woodcock as trainer
Len Kaserman as Baron Long
Paul Riley as Billy Elliot
Soundtrack
A soundtrack was released by EMI in 1983.
Charts
Production
Producer John Sexton bought the rights to Phar Lap, a 1980 book by Michael Wilkinson. Extensive research was undertaken by David Williamson and Sexton, then Simon Wincer became involved.
The Thoroughbred gelding who played Phar Lap was Towering Inferno. They were bred by Shirley Pye-Macmillan at Walcha, New South Wales and later owned by Heath Harris. Towering Inferno was killed by lightning on 15 April 1999. The real Tommy Woodcock played a trainer in the movie.
Differences from country to country
The United States' version of the film plays out differently. 20th Century Fox, who bought the rights to release the film in the US, edited the movie to play out in a more traditional way. Instead of starting with their death as seen in the Australian version, the film opens with Phar Lap getting off the boat in Australia. The film continues like the original version and ends with their death. This was done to make the ending more dramatic, since residents of the United States were unfamiliar with the story of Phar Lap.
Box office
Phar Lap grossed $9,258,884 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $24,443,454 in 2009 dollars.
Wincer later admitted they were disappointed the film did not attract the 14- to 22-year-old audience, and thought it might have been due to the movie's relative lack of romance. However, it remains one of the most popular Australian films.
Disney Studios wanted to release the film in the US but John Sexton and Wincer decided to go with 20th Century-Fox because they had done The Man from Snowy River (1982). Fox spent $300,000 on changes to the film, and released it in summer. "We got killed in the rush," says Wincer. "It got nice reviews, but didn't go much business."
DVD release
The "2 Disc Collectors's Edition" released in Australia as Phar Lap: Hero to a Nation by Roadshow Entertainment includes among the "extras" on the second disc a long audio recording of a conversation between Aaron Treve "Tommy" Woodcock and director Simon Wincer on 4 July 1984, and a short newsreel documentary The Mighty Conqueror, which would have been first screened c. December 1931.
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
Phar Lap at Oz Movies
1983 films
Films about horses
Australian horse racing films
Australian biographical drama films
1980s biographical drama films
1980s English-language films
Films directed by Simon Wincer
Films shot in Melbourne
20th Century Fox films
Australian sports drama films
Films set in California
Films set in the 1920s
Films set in the 1930s
1980s sports drama films
1983 drama films
The 2018 Toronto FC season was the 12th season in the history of Toronto FC. Toronto FC reached the Champions League finals for the first time in their history. After a 2–1 home loss to Guadalajara on April 17 in the first leg of the CONCACAF Champions League final, TFC would win the return away leg 2–1 on April 25, leading to a draw on aggregate, but lost 4–2 in the penalty shootout. Later in the season, on September 19, Toronto FC played against Tigres UANL in the inaugural Campeones Cup, losing the match 3–1 at home. Reigning MLS Cup champions Toronto FC failed to qualify for the playoffs after a 2–1 home loss against the Vancouver Whitecaps on October 6, 2018, with three games left to play in the season.
Squad
As of May 9, 2018.
International roster slots
Toronto has seven MLS International Roster Slots for use in the 2018 season. They traded one spot to Los Angeles FC in exchange of $50,000 of General Allocation Money.
Transfers
In
Loan In
Draft picks
Draft picks are not automatically signed to the team roster. Only those who are signed to a contract will be listed as transfers in.
Out
Loan Out
Competitions
Preseason
Major League Soccer
League tables
Eastern Conference
Overall
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Canadian Championship
Semi-finals
Final
CONCACAF Champions League
Round of 16
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Finals
Campeones Cup
Competitions summary
Goals and assists
Source: Toronto FC
Source: Toronto FC
Shutouts
Source: Toronto FC
Disciplinary record
{| class="wikitable sortable alternance" style="font-size:85%; text-align:center; line-height:14px; width:85%;"
|-
!rowspan="2" width=10|No.
!rowspan="2" width=10|Pos.
!rowspan="2" width=10|Nat.
!rowspan="2" scope="col" style="width:275px;"|Player
!colspan="2" width=80|Major League Soccer
!colspan="2" width=80|Canadian Championship
!colspan="2" width=80|Champions League
!colspan="2" width=80|Campeones Cup
!colspan="2" width=80|TOTAL
|-
! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !! !!
|-
|3||DF|||| Drew Moor ||0||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
|-
|4||MF|||| Michael Bradley ||2||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||3||0
|-
|5||DF|||| Ashtone Morgan ||2||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||2||0
|-
|10||FW|||| Sebastian Giovinco ||3||1||0||0||2||0||0||0||5||1
|-
|12||DF|||| Jason Hernandez ||1||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
|-
|17||FW|||| Jozy Altidore ||1||1||0||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
|-
|21||MF|||| Jonathan Osorio ||1||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||2||0
|-
|22||FW|||| Jordan Hamilton ||1||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
|-
|46||DF|||| Mitchell Taintor ||1||0||0||0||0||0||0||0||1||0
|-
|96||DF|||| Auro Jr. ||0||0||0||0||1||0||0||0||1||0
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| colspan="4"|Totals||12||1||0||0||7||0||0||0||19||1
Honours
MLS Team of the Week
CONCACAF Champions League Golden Ball
CONCACAF Champions League Golden Boot
George Gross Memorial Trophy
References
External links
2018 Toronto FC season at Official Site
Toronto FC seasons
Toronto FC
Tor
Toronto FC
Toronto
Igor Klimov (born 1 June 1962) is a Kazakhstani former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Kazakhstan
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Kazakhstani male sport wrestlers
Asian Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1994 Asian Games
Wrestlers at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
20th-century Kazakhstani people
21st-century Kazakhstani people
Dudjom Lingpa (1835–1904) was a Tibetan meditation master, spiritual teacher and tertön. They stand out from the norm of Tibetan Buddhist teachers in the sense that they had no formal education, nor did they take ordination as a monk or belong to any established Buddhist school or tradition of their time.
They were met with great skepticism by many of their contemporaries, due to the fact that, despite not studying under any established Buddhist teachers of their time, they claimed to receive teachings on meditation and spiritual practice directly from non-physical masters like Guru Rinpoche and Yeshe Tsogyal, as well as Bodhisattvas such as Avalokitesvara and Manjushri. It was not until their disciples started showing clear signs of spiritual maturity, that they were accepted by their contemporaries as an authentic teacher and tertön.
Today their teachings and literary works, especially those on non-meditation (dzogchen), are highly regarded within the Nyingma-tradition of Tibetan Buddhism.
Dudjom Tersar
Dudjom Tersar is the collective name for the large collection of terma teachings revealed by Dudjom Lingpa and Dudjom Rinpoche. As a class of texts, Tersar () means "new or recently-revealed treasure teachings". Dudjom Rinpoche was a major tertön () or revealer of hidden teachings.
Nang Jang
Nang Jang (refinement of perception) is the name given to a visionary text of the Tibetan Dzogchen tradition, in which the Dzogchen master, Dudjom Lingpa, experiences visionary visitation from fourteen awakened beings, including Avalokiteshvara and Longchenpa, who teach them of the illusiory nature of all things and how they arise from the basis or primordial state.
According to the teachings bestowed upon Dudjom Lingpa by the highly advanced spiritual beings who visit them in this text, all phenomenal, sensible things are empty and illusory. Yet there is that which is not separate from them, nor they from it, and which can be described as the 'ground of being'. Orgyan Tsokyey Dorje (one of the spiritual visitants) states:
The text also tells of how the Buddha nature, the heart of awareness, is utterly pure and lucid and constitutes the very life essence of all things, both samsaric and nirvanic. Ekajati declares:
This is ultimate reality, a state of truth beyond ordinary mundane consciousness and beyond the power of words to describe. It is designated by Zurchhung Sheyrab Dragpa in the text as "a supreme and inexpressible state," the "fundamental nature beyond ordinary consciousness." The practitioner of this spiritual path is urged to strive for obtaining of an ultimate all-knowingness which transcends time:
References
Citations
Works cited
1835 births
1904 deaths
19th-century lamas
19th-century Tibetan people
20th-century lamas
20th-century Tibetan people
Nyingma lamas
Nyingma tulkus
Rinpoches
Tertöns
Tibetan Buddhists from Tibet
Walter Ramsden (4 October 1868 – 26 March 1947) was a British biochemist and physiologist. They discovered the phenomenon now known as Pickering stabilization in 1903, before the effect was independently rediscovered by Spencer U. Pickering in 1907'.
At age 14 Walter Ramsden withdrew from Manchester Grammar School to study privately at home. They matriculated at Keble College, Oxford and graduated there with a 1st Class in the school of physiology. By means of a Radcliffe Travelling Fellowship in Medical Sciences they studied from 1893 to 1896 at Zürich, at Vienna, and then at Guy's Hospital, qualifying M.B., B.Ch. in 1897 and graduating D.M. (Oxford) in 1902. In 1899 they were elected a Sheppard Medical Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford and held the Fellowship until their death. At Oxford they were a lecturer in physiological chemistry under Francis Gotch until 1913 and under C. S. Sherrington during the academic year 1913–1914.
Ramsden was a founder member of the Biochemical Society in 1911. They were Johnston Professor of Biochemistry at the University of Liverpool from 1914 until their retirement in 1931. Their predecessor was Benjamin Moore and their successor was Harold Channon (1897–1979).
John Betjeman wrote a poem I.M. Walter Ramsden ob. March 26, 1947 Pembroke College, Oxford'' on the occasion of Ramsden's death, having been inspired by an obituary by R.B. McCallum in The Oxford Magazine.
References
1868 births
1947 deaths
British chemists
English chemists
British physiologists
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
Alumni of Keble College, Oxford
Fellows of Pembroke College, Oxford
