Daniel Stuart Freed (born 17 April 1959) is an American mathematician, specializing in global analysis and its applications to supersymmetry, string theory, and quantum field theory. Since 1989, they have been a professor at the University of Texas at Austin.
Freed studied at Harvard University, where they received their bachelor's and master's degrees in 1981. They received their Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley in 1985 with thesis The geometry of loop groups under Isadore Singer. As a postdoc, Freed was a Moore Instructor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and then became an assistant professor at the University of Chicago. Beginning in 1989, they were an associate professor, and from 1994, a professor at the University of Texas at Austin. From 1996 to 1998, they were at the Institute for Advanced Study (IAS) and they were a visiting scientist at the Institut des Hautes Études Scientifiques (1995, 1999).
In the academic year 2002/2003, Freed was a Guggenheim Fellow, and from 1988 to 1992, a Sloan Fellow. In 2002, they were an invited speaker at the International Congress of Mathematicians in Beijing (Twisted K-theory and loop groups).  They are one of the founders of the IAS/Park City Mathematics Institute and is, since 2006, a member of the board of trustees of the Mathematical Sciences Research Institute, where they have belonged to the scientific advisory board since 2002.  They are a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Works
Quantum fields and strings: a course for mathematicians. Vol. 1, 2. Material from the Special Year on Quantum Field Theory held at the Institute for Advanced Study, Princeton, NJ, 1996–1997. Edited by Pierre Deligne, Pavel Etingof, Daniel S. Freed, Lisa C. Jeffrey, David Kazhdan, John W. Morgan, David R. Morrison and Edward Witten. American Mathematical Society, Providence, RI; Institute for Advanced Study (IAS), Princeton, NJ, 1999. Vol. 1: xxii+723 pp.; Vol. 2: pp. i--xxiv and 727–1501. , 81-06 (81T30 81Txx)
Quantum field theory, supersymmetry, and enumerative geometry. Freed, Daniel S. and Morrison, David R. and Singer, Isadore editors. IAS/Park City Mathematics Series, Vol. 11. American Mathematical Society Providence, RI viii+285. Papers from the Graduate from Summer School of the IAS/Park City Mathematics Institute held in Princeton, NJ, 2001. (2006)
editor with Karen Uhlenbeck: Geometry and Quantum Field Theory, American Mathematical Society 1995
with Karen Uhlenbeck: Instantons and 4-Manifolds, Springer Verlag 1984
Five lectures on supersymmetry, American Mathematical Society 1999
Constructed the Quillen metric for a family of elliptic operators with Jean-Michel Bismut.
References
External links
Homepage
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Harvard University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Texas at Austin faculty
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
1959 births
Living people
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
Armee-Abteilung Woyrsch (Army Detachment "Woyrsch") was an army level command of the German Army in World War I. It served on the Eastern Front throughout its existence.
History
Armee-Abteilung Woyrsch was formed on 3 November 1914 under the command of Generaloberst Remus von Woyrsch. It was dissolved on 15 December 1917.
Commanders
Armee-Abteilung Woyrsch was commanded throughout it existence by Generaloberst (later Generalfeldmarschall) Remus von Woyrsch. Woyrsch was the commander of the Landwehr Corps, an appointment they retained concurrently until 20 September 1916. A deputy, Generalleutnant Götz Freiherr von König, took command of Landwehr Corps on 3 December 1914. On 29 August 1916, Woyrsch also took over command of Heeresgruppe Leopold from Generalfeldmarschall Prince Leopold of Bavaria and the command was renamed Heeresgruppe Woyrsch.
Glossary
Armee-Abteilung or Army Detachment in the sense of "something detached from an Army". It is not under the command of an Army so is in itself a small Army.
Armee-Gruppe or Army Group in the sense of a group within an Army and under its command, generally formed as a temporary measure for a specific task.
Heeresgruppe or Army Group in the sense of a number of armies under a single commander.
See also
Landwehr Corps
References
Bibliography
W
Military units and formations of Germany in World War I
Military units and formations established in 1914
Military units and formations disestablished in 1917
Sejdiu is an Albanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bajrush Sejdiu (born 1968), Macedonian criminal of Albanian descent
Dardan Sejdiu (born 1979), Deputy Mayor of Pristina, the capital of Kosovo
Fatmir Sejdiu (born 1951), Kosovar politician and President of Kosovo
Florent Sejdiu (born 1990), Albanian football player
Shaban Sejdiu (born 1959), Macedonian Albanian sport wrestler
Albanian-language surnames
Humewood Castle is a Gothic-fantasy mansion built in 1870 in 427 acres of parkland at Kiltegan, County Wicklow in the Republic of Ireland. The mansion was originally built as a private residence of the Hume family. It is currently owned by American billionaire John C. Malone.
Built of granite, the three-story main building is flanked by a tall, round turreted tower at one end and a more angular tower at the other. The ground floor consists of a drawing room, dining room, salon and ballroom banqueting hall and a lower ground floor a billiard room, smoking room and wine cellar. The upper floors contain 12 bedrooms.
History
The Hume family had settled at Humewood and built a castle there in the 15th century. The estate passed down through successive generations to Fitzwilliam Hume (1805–1892) who was the wealthy MP for Wicklow from 1852 to 1880. They commissioned architect William White to design a country retreat for the summer and the shooting season and White hired Albert Kimberley to build the castle. White exceeded their brief and the final result, built between 1867 and 1870, was today's Gothic fantasy which far exceeded the budget, bankrupting White in the process. Fitzwilliam Hume assumed the surname of Dick in 1864 under the terms of a legacy. Their only son William Hume inherited the property and was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Wicklow and served as High Sheriff of Wicklow for 1896.
After William Hume's death the estate passed to their daughter Catherine Marie-Madeleine (Mimi), who had married Jacques Weygand, son of the French General Maxime Weygand. They had no children. Shortly before their death in 1992, Mimi Weygand presented the majority of the estate cottages, including several in Kiltegan, to their tenants. The castle and 450-acre estate were subsequently sold at auction to the German business person Renata Coleman for £1 million.
Renata Coleman developed the house into an upmarket private hotel and introduced duckshooting and polo in the grounds. They marketed it in 2004 at an offering price of EUR 16 million. Coleman sold it to the Galway developer John Lally's company, Lalco, to be further developed. Economic conditions were unfavourable, however, and in 2012 it was sold at a loss for 8 million euros to American billionaire John Malone.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in County Wicklow
Hume family
The York River is a navigable estuary, approximately long, in eastern Virginia in the United States. It ranges in width from at its head to near its mouth on the west side of Chesapeake Bay. Its watershed drains an area of the coastal plain of Virginia north and east of Richmond.
Its banks were inhabited by indigenous peoples for thousands of years. In 2003 evidence was found of the likely site of Werowocomoco, one of two capitals used by the paramount chief Powhatan before 1609. The site was inhabited since 1200 as a major village. Enormously important in later U.S. history, the river was also the scene of early settlements of the Virginia Colony. It was the site of significant events and battles in both the American Revolutionary War and the American Civil War.
Description
The York River is formed at West Point, approximately east of Richmond, by the confluence of the Mattaponi and Pamunkey rivers. It drains into the Chesapeake Bay towards the southeast, entering the bay approximately east of Yorktown, which sits along its southern shore. U.S. Highway 17 crosses the estuary from Yorktown to Gloucester Point on the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge.
History
The York River was formerly known as the Pamunkey River by the Native Americans. Colonists of the Virginia Company in the 17th century first called it the Charles River. On the north bank (the Middle Peninsula), in what is now Gloucester County, the chief of the Powhatan Confederacy maintained Werowocomoco, one of two capitals of the paramount chiefdom at the time of European contact before 1609. In 2002-2003, archeological evidence was found of an extensive ancient settlement on the York River at Purtan Bay. With excavations since then, researchers have concluded this is likely the site of Werowocomoco. They have found evidence of a large residential village inhabited since 1200 CE, with major earthworks constructed in 1400 CE, more than 200 years prior to the English colonists. In 2006 the Werowocomoco Archeological Site was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Excavations continue by a team from the College of William and Mary, the Virginia Department of Natural History and representatives of Virginia descendant tribes of the Powhatan.
The peninsula formed by the York and the James rivers just to the south became the scene of the end campaign of the American Revolutionary War in October 1781. The British Army under Cornwallis at Yorktown found itself cornered by the Americans under George Washington on land and by the French fleet at sea. The ensuing American victory at the Battle of Yorktown forced the surrender of Cornwallis and the end of the war in the east. During the American Civil War, the same area became the theater of the Peninsular Campaign of 1862.
York River State Park is located along the southern shore northwest of Yorktown in James City County. Also on the south shore are several large military reservations, including Camp Peary and the Naval Weapons Station Yorktown (and Cheatham Annex) of the U.S. Navy. Large areas of preserved wetlands and forest are considered ecologically important to migratory waterfowl. The National Park Service's Colonial Parkway provides a route through a portion of this natural area between Williamsburg and Yorktown.
Crossing
The only vehicular crossing of the York River is the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge, a swing-type drawbridge which carries U.S. Highway 17 between Yorktown and Gloucester Point. The toll bridge, which was rebuilt and expanded in the mid-1990s, collects a $2 toll for automobile traffic; the fee is collected only from northbound drivers. The bridge has been one of the sites of a special program to establish and encourage nesting locations for the peregrine falcon population of Virginia.
See also
Tue Marshes Light
List of Virginia rivers
References
External links
York River State Park
York River Watershed
Tributaries of the Chesapeake Bay
Rivers of Virginia
Rivers of King William County, Virginia
Rivers of Hanover County, Virginia
Rivers of York County, Virginia
Rivers of Gloucester County, Virginia
Rivers of James City County, Virginia
Carol Diane Fuchs is an entertainment attorney, producer, and World Series of Poker bracelet winner.
Fuchs wrote the screenplay for the 2007 romantic comedy No Reservations.
Fuchs' sister is attorney Jacqueline Fuchs, who was known as Jackie Fox when a member of The Runaways rock and roll band in the 1970s. Carol Fuchs is married to Martin Shafer, Chairman/CEO of Castle Rock Entertainment. Fuchs and Shafer sometimes play in a home poker game featuring other Castle Rock executives.
At the 2015 World Series of Poker, Fuchs won the $1500 Dealer's Choice tournament and its $127,735 first prize, making them the first female winner at the 2015 WSOP in an open field event, and the 21st woman to win an open event bracelet. Fuchs previously won titles at the L.A. Poker Open in 2005 and 2011. Fuchs started playing poker after reading Positively Fifth Street by James McManus. As of 2018, Fuchs' total live poker tournament winnings exceed $700,000.
References
External links
American women screenwriters
American poker players
Female poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Alteraurantiacibacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
References
Sphingomonadales
Bacteria genera
John Christopher Thomas (born c. 1955) is a theologian within the Pentecostal movement and the Clarence J. Abbott Professor of Biblical Studies at the Pentecostal Theological Seminary.
Thomas received the B.A. degree from Lee College in 1976, their M.A. from the Church of God School of Theology in 1977, the M.Div. from Ashland Theological Seminary in 1978, a Th.M. from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1979 and a Ph.D. from the University of Sheffield in 1990. Thomas has been a member of the full-time faculty of the Pentecostal Theological Seminary since 1982. Professor Thomas has been honored for their work in New Testament scholarship by election into membership of the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas and their appointment as the Clarence J. Abbott Professor of Biblical Studies at the Pentecostal Theological Seminary.
As a New Testament scholar, Thomas' work has been published in the journals New Testament Studies, Novum Testamentum, Zeitschrift fur die neutestamentliche Wissenschaft, and Journal for the Study or the New Testament. They authored a study titled Footwashing in John 13 and the Johannine Community, published a collection of their essays, Ministry and Theology: Studies for the Church and Its Leaders, and wrote a commentary titled The Apocalypse: A Literary and Theological Commentary (2012) and a monograph on healing titled The Devil, Disease, and Deliverance: Origins of Illness in New Testament Thought (2011). Several other books of theirs include: They Loved Them until the End: The Farewell Materials in the Gospel according to John (2003); The Pentecostal Commentary on 1 John, 2 John, 3 John (2004); and The Spirit of the New Testament (2005).
Thomas serves as Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Pentecostal Theology and Supplement Series, and serves as General Editor of the Pentecostal Commentary Series.  They are also Associate Director of the Centre for Pentecostal and Charismatic Studies, Bangor University, Wales. In 1992, Ashland Theological Seminary named them Alumnus of the Year. From 1997 to 1998, Thomas served as the President of the Society for Pentecostal Studies.
Thomas has also approached theological and literary study of the Book of Mormon in their 2016 book A Pentecostal Reads the Book of Mormon: A Literary and Theological Introduction.
References
External links
Journal of Pentecostal Theology
1950s births
Pentecostal theologians
Alumni of the University of Sheffield
Ashland University alumni
Lee University alumni
Pentecostals from Tennessee
Princeton Theological Seminary alumni
Living people
Pentecostal writers
New Testament scholars
Book of Mormon scholars
St. Munchin's Parish () is a civil parish that lies partly in County Clare and partly in County Limerick in Ireland, including the center of the city of Limerick. It takes its name from Saint Munchin, the first Bishop of Limerick. According to tradition its church was the first cathedral of the diocese of Limerick, built in 561 AD.
Location
The parish lies partly in County Limerick and partly in County Clare. In County Limerick part of the parish is in the borough of Limerick and part in the barony of Pobblebrien.
The part in County Clare is in the barony of Bunratty Lower. The parish is and covers in the borough of Limerick, in Pobblebrien and in Bunratty.
The parish is divided into two parts by the intervening parishes of St. Nicholas and Killeely.
The part of the city on King's Island is mostly in the parish.
Antiquities
The old church of St. Munchin's is said to have been built in 561, and to have once been the cathedral of the diocese of Limerick.
Saint Munchin, the first Bishop of Limerick, is supposed to have been buried in the churchyard.
According to tradition the church was burned by the Danes. There is an ancient stone near the north end of Thomond bridge called the treaty stone, since this is said to have been where the Treaty of Limerick was signed in 1691.
King's island has the remains of an old Dominican friary. A nunnery was established nearby, and in 1837 the nuns taught girls at no charge in an attached school.
The Church of Ireland built a church in 1827 near the site of the old church with a square tower surmounted by pinnacles.
A layer of ashes was found under the foundation of the old church, which may confirm the story of the earlier burning.
As of 1841 the total population was 4,593 in 537 houses.
Townlands
The Bunratty section includes the townlands of Ballycannan East, Ballycannon North, Ballycannan West, Cappateemore East, Cappateemore West, Glennagross, Gortgarraun, Knockalisheen and Mountgordon.
References
Citations
Sources
Civil parishes of County Clare
Mount Hornsby () is a prominent snow-capped mountain on the south side of the middle reaches of Sjogren Glacier, Trinity Peninsula, Antarctica. It was mapped from surveys by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (1960–61), and was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Richard Hornsby & Sons of Grantham, who designed and constructed several highly successful chain-track vehicles for the British War Office, the first "caterpillar tractors," in the years 1904–10.
Immediately south of Mount Hornsby, a wide col or notch called Shortcut Col () provides a useful shortcut across the glacier. It was first mapped during surveys by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) of 1960–61. The United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) officially named Shortcut Col because it provides a useful shortcut, avoiding the long detour through Longing Gap.
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Ahankoti (, also Romanized as Āhankotī) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 142, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Grigory Mykytovych Vakulenchuk (, 1877– 14/27 June 1905) was a Ukrainian sailor in the Imperial Russian Navy. They were born in Velyki Korovyntsi (now in Zhytomyr Oblast). They served on the Russian battleship Potemkin.
They were one of nine children. They and their family worked in a sugar factory until the navy conscripted him. They learned to read in radical study circles. They became a member of a sailor patrol in Sevastopol so they could monitor radical meetings while pretending to bring them to light. Once they actually turned away two officers after saying he'd arrested a meeting of radicals the two men had found.
On 10/23 June 1905, they had attended a meeting of Tsentralka (the revolutionary sailors' organisation) and had argued in favour of an uprising: "To delay means to fail the revolution. At this moment, everywhere, workers and peasants are striking out. We must join the common fight." Their powerful voice and long black moustache added to the effect of their words.
On 11/24 June they convinced the Tsentralka leaders to let the Potemkin lead the Black Sea uprising.
After the crew discovered their meat was maggot-ridden, Vakulenchuk called for a boycott rather than a full uprising.
Chief Officer Giliarovsky was using marines to threaten the sailors into eating the meat. Vakulenchuk retreated behind a gun turret then handed out guns from the armoury when they saw 30 sailors were going to be executed. They aimed at Giliarovsky, but hit Lieutenant Neupokoyev instead. Giliarovsky shot them in the chest. They managed to disarm Giliarovsky when a petty officer shot them from behind. After the fight, they tried to stand but fell into the sea after which they were rescued and sent to the infirmary.
Their friend Afanasi Matushenko then led the mutiny. The red flag the sailors hoisted had been hidden on board by Vakulenchuk. Vakulenchuk had thought the mutiny premature because they wanted to wait until they were with the fleet. Their funeral in Odessa two days later turned into a political demonstration.
On their deathbed they asked for their savings (80 roubles) to be split between the sailors and their father. Their last words were: "Don't throw it away, Afanasi."
Their death and funeral are important incidents in Sergei Eisenstein's film Battleship Potemkin, where they were played by Aleksandr Antonov.
Notes
References
External links
The revolt on the armoured cruiser "Potemkin"
Potemkin Russian Imperial Fleet Battleship
Potemkin mutiny
1877 births
1905 deaths
People from Zhytomyr Oblast
Ukrainian sailors
People shot dead by law enforcement officers
Ukrainian rebels
Deaths by firearm in Russia
Imperial Russian Navy personnel
Ukrainian revolutionaries
Shakeela Khanam Rashid () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party from Punjab on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
The San Felipe Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. It is a Grade II event open to three-year-old horses. Normally held in early -March, it is raced at a distance of one and one-sixteenth miles ( furlongs) on dirt and currently offers a purse of $400,000. It is listed as an official prep race on the Road to the Kentucky Derby.
Race history
Inaugurated as the San Felipe Handicap in 1935, due to World War II there was no race run in 1942, 1943, and 1944. From 1935 through 1940 the race was open to colts and geldings, three years of age and older. Since 1941 it has been restricted to three-year-olds and in 1952 was made open to all three-year-olds irrespective of their sex. It was raced as a handicap event from 1935 through 1941 and again from 1952 through 1990.
As a prep for both the Santa Anita and Kentucky Derbies, the San Felipe has featured many of California's top three-year-olds over the years, including Derby winners California Chrome, Fusaichi Pegasus, Sunday Silence and Triple Crown winner Affirmed.
The 2019 San Felipe was cancelled due to Santa Anita's safety-related suspension of live racing.
Since inception, it has been competed over a variety of distances:
6 furlongs: 1938–1940, 1945–1946
7 furlongs: 1937, 1941, 1947–1951
1 mile: 1935–1936
miles: since 1952
The San Felipe Stakes was run in two divisions in 1968 and 1970.
Race records
Speed record:
1:40.11 - Consolidator (2005) (at current distance of miles)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 - Chris McCarron (1982, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1991, 1993, 1998)
Most wins by a trainer:
8 - Bob Baffert (1999, 2001, 2004, 2009, 2015, 2017, 2020, 2021)
Most wins by an owner:
2 - Fred W. Hooper (1949, 1982)
2 - Andrew J. Crevolin (1953, 1954)
2 - William Haggin Perry (1965, 1968)
2 - Burt Bacharach (1994, 1995)
Winners
* In 1983, Naevus was disqualified from first to second.
See also
Road to the Kentucky Derby
References
February 21, 1990 New York Times article on the creation of the Preview Stakes
The San Felipe Stakes at Pedigree Query
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Flat horse races for three-year-olds
Triple Crown Prep Races
Graded stakes races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
1935 establishments in California
Anam Hashim is an Indian professional streetbike freestyle athlete.  They are the only Indian stunt athlete to win an international stunt competition in 2017.  They are known as the first woman who rode to Khardung La on a TVS Scooty alone and also led a group of 10 women to Khardungla in 2016 during the Himalayan Highs. They made their debut in Cross Country Rally Racing at Desert Storm 2019 and is preparing for 2021 race season.
References
1995 births
Living people
People from Lucknow
Indian stunt performers
Rezső Kókai (15 January 1906 in Budapest – 6 March 1962 in Budapest) was a Hungarian composer and musicologist.
Life
Kókai studied composition with János Koessler and piano with Emánuel Hegyi at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music. In 1933 they received their doctorate in musicology from the University of Freiburg where they wrote the thesis Franz Liszt in seinen frühen Klavierwerken (Franz Liszt in Their Early Piano Works). Between 1926 and 1934 they were professor of piano at the National Conservatory, and from 1929 taught composition, aesthetics, music history, and pedagogy at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music. Kókai was director of music for the Hungarian Radio from 1945 to 1948.
Kókai was awarded the Ferenc Erkel Prize (Erkel Ferenc-díj) three times in recognition of their work (1952, 1955, 1956).
Rezső Kókai composed in a variety of forms including stage works, orchestral compositions, a violin concerto, chamber music, works for piano, as well as film and radio scores. Their scores are largely published by Editio Musica Budapest and Zeneműkiadó Vállalat.
Selected works
Stage
István király (King Stephen), Scenic Oratorio in 2 acts, 5 scenes (1941)
A rossz feleség, Táncballada (A Bad Wife), Dance Ballad (1942–1945)
A fekete város (The Black City), Opera (1961); unfinished
Radio scores
A fülemile (1950)
Lészen ágyú, radio opera (1951); libretto by Péter Halász and József Romhányi
Hét falu kovácsa (1954)
Orchestral
2 Rondos for small orchestra (1946–1947)
Verbunkos-szvit (Verbunkos Suite) (1950)
Lassú magyar (Slow Hungarian Dance)
Friss (Lively Hungarian Dance)
Andalgó (Phantasy)
Verbunkos induló (Recruiting March)
Széki rhapszódia (Rhapsody on Hungarian Dance Tunes from Szék) (1952)
Kis verbunkos zene (Little Hungarian Verbunkos Dance) for student string orchestra (1952)
Concerto all'ungherese (1957)
Magyar tánc (Hungarian Dances) for student string orchestra (1959)
Concertante
Concerto for violin and orchestra (1952)
Chamber music
Serenade for violin, viola and cello (1949–1950)
Két tánc (2 Dances) for cello and piano (1950)
Négy Magyar tánc (4 Hungarian Dances) for clarinet and piano (1951)
Verbunkos (Recruiting Dance)
Népi tánc (Folk Dance)
Sirató tánc (Mourning Dance)
Friss (Fresh)
Capriccio for violin and piano (1952)
Quartettino for clarinet, violin, viola and cello (1952)
Rapszódia for clarinet and folk orchestra (1952)
Verbunkos rapszódia (Verbunkos Rhapsody) for violin (or viola, or clarinet) and piano (1952)
Aria seria for violin and piano (1953)
Burla ostinata for violin and piano (1953)
Piano
Toccata (1926)
Sonata quasi una fantasia (1948)
Négy improvizáció (4 Improvisations) (1949)
Sonata for 2 pianos (1949)
Film scores
Különös ismertetőjel (1955); directed by Zoltán Várkonyi
A császár parancsára (1957); directed by Frigyes Bán
Pillar of Salt (Sóbálvány) (1958); directed by Zoltán Várkonyi
Poor Rich (Szegény gazdagok) (1959); directed by Frigyes Bán
Literary
Franz Liszt in seinen frühen Klavierwerken, doctoral thesis (Leipzig, 1933)
Rendszeres zeneesztétika (Regular Music Aesthetics) (Budapest, 1938)
Századunk zenéje (The Music of Our Century) (Budapest, 1961); co-authored with Imre Fábián
References
External links
1906 births
1962 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Franz Liszt Academy of Music alumni
Franz Liszt Academy of Music faculty
Hungarian classical composers
Hungarian male classical composers
Hungarian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Hungarian musicologists
Musicians from Budapest
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century musicologists
20th-century Hungarian male musicians
Juliana FitzMaurice, Lady of Thomond (c. 1263 - 29 September 1300) was a Anglo-Norman noblewoman, the daughter of Maurice FitzGerald, 3rd Lord of Offaly, and the wife of Thomas de Clare, Lord of Thomond, a powerful Anglo-Norman baron in Ireland, who was a younger brother of Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford. Juliana was married three times; Thomas being their first.  They are sometimes referred to as Juliane FitzMaurice.
Early life and family
Juliana FitzMaurice was born on 12 April 1266 in Dublin, Ireland, the eldest daughter of Maurice FitzGerald II, 3rd Lord of Offaly, Justiciar of Ireland and Maud de Prendergast. They had a sister Amabel who married but was childless. Them first cousin was John FitzGerald, 1st Earl of Kildare. Them paternal grandparents were Maurice FitzGerald I, 2nd Lord of Offaly and Juliana, and their maternal grandparents were Sir Gerald de Prendergast of Beauvoir and Matilda de Burgh, daughter of Richard Mor de Burgh, Lord of Connacht and Egidia de Lacy. Juliana's maternal ancestors included Niall of the Nine Hostages, Brian Boru, Dermot McMurrough, and Maud de Braose.
Juliana's father, Maurice FitzGerald, was married twice, first to Maud de Prendergast and secondly to Emmeline Longespee. It has been some source of contention as to which of their two wives had issue Juliana. However, at their death, Emmeline de Longespée did not mention Juliana as their daughter and heir; rather, Emmeline's heir was their niece, Maud la Zouche, wife of Robert la Zouche, 1st Lord Holland. It has been concluded by several reputable researchers that Juliana's mother was Maurice FitzGerald's first wife, Maud de Prendergast. Supporters for Emmeline de Longespée being the mother have yet to produce any counter-evidence beyond hearsay.
Marriages and issue
In 1275, at the age of 12, Juliana married their first husband, Thomas de Clare, Lord of Thomond, Lord of Inchiquin and Youghal. They were the second eldest son of Richard de Clare, 5th Earl of Hertford, 2nd Earl of Gloucester and Maud de Lacy. Thomas was a friend of King Edward I of England, with whom they went on a Crusade. They held many important posts including the Office of Governor of Colchester Castle (1266), Governor of the City of London (1273). They were also the commander of the English forces in Munster, Ireland, and on 26 January 1276, they were granted the lordship of Thomond. They were born in 1245, which made them about eighteen years older than Juliana. Throughout their marriage, the couple lived in both Ireland and England. It is recorded that on 5 May 1284, King Edward notified their lieges and bailiffs in Ireland of the attorneys who were to act on behalf of Thomas and Juliana as they were in England at the time. This arrangement continued for another three years except while they were residing in Ireland.
Thomas and Juliana had four children:
Maud de Clare (c. 1276–1326/27), married firstly on 3 November 1295 Robert de Clifford, 1st Baron de Clifford, by whom they had issue; they married secondly after 1314 Robert de Welle.
Gilbert de Clare, Lord of Thomond (3 February 1281–1308)
Richard de Clare, Steward of Forest of Essex, 1st Lord Clare, Lord of Thomond (after 1281 – 10 May 1318 at the Battle of Dysert O'Dea), married a woman by the name of Joan by whom they fathered one son, Thomas.
Margaret de Clare (1279 – 22 October 1333), married firstly before 1303 Gilbert de Umfreville; they married secondly before 30 June 1308 Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Lord Badlesmere, by whom they had four daughters and one son.
The era was marked by unrest and strife as civil war was waged between rival factions of the powerful O'Brien clan. In 1277, Juliana's husband had their former ally Brian Ruad, the deposed King of Thomond, hanged for treason at Bunratty.
Thomas died on 29 August 1287, leaving Juliana a widow at the age of twenty-four with four small children. On an unknown date they married their second husband, Nicholas Avenel. They presumably died before 11 December 1291/16 February 1292, as this is when they married their third husband, Adam de Cretynges.
Death and legacy
Juliana died on 24 September 1300. Them numerous descendants included Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland who married Lady Joan Beaufort and thus their descendant, the English king Edward IV. By Edward IV's daughter, Elizabeth of York, consort of Henry VII, they were an ancestress to all subsequent monarchs of England and the current British Royal Family. Henry VIII's queens consort Anne Boleyn, Jane Seymour, Catherine Howard, and Catherine Parr also descended from them
Ancestry
Notes
References
The Complete Peerage, Vol. VII, p. 200
1263 births
1300 deaths
Daughters of barons
Normans in Ireland
13th-century Irish people
Anglo-Norman women
13th-century Irish women
Nikolay Ivanovich Demidov (19 August 1773 – 4 June 1833) was a Russian General of Infantry, Adjutant-General and senator.
Life
From a noble family in Ryazan province, they were the son of Brigadier Ivan Ivanovich Demidov. As was the custom of the time their birth was recorded with the Preobrazhensky Lifeguard regiment and three years later promoted to Sergeant. They entered active service on 1 January 1790, rising to captain in 1798 and colonel in 1799. In 1803 they were made a major general and placed in the Izmaylovsky Regiment before being made head of the Petrovsky Infantry Regiment on May 16, with which they marched into Prussia during the Franco-Russian War early in 1807, though they did not participate in hostilities. Also in 1807 they formed the Libavskogo Infantry Regiment. In 1808 they joined the Russian army sent to the Finnish War, where they were put in charge of 2 infantry battalions and 200 Cossacks to besiege Vaasa.
1773 births
1833 deaths
Imperial Russian Army generals
Politicians of the Russian Empire
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of St. George of the Third Degree
Nikolay Ivanovich
Place of birth missing
Russian nobility
Bruce Peloquin is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Biography
Peloquin was born on November 3, 1936 in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin. They graduated from the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire and became a member of the Knights of Columbus and the Society of the Holy Name. Peloquin is married with three children.
Career
Peloquin was a member of the Senate from the 23rd District during the 1971, 1973, 1975 and 1977 sessions. They were elected to the Assembly in 1964, 1966 and 1968. Additionally, Peloquin was a member of the Chippewa County, Wisconsin Board from 1964 to 1966.  They are a Democrat.
References
Politicians from Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Wisconsin Democrats
University of Wisconsin–Eau Claire alumni
1936 births
Living people
Catholics from Wisconsin
FTY may refer to:
Fulton County Airport (Georgia), United States
5-trifluoromethyl-2,4(1H,3H)-pyrimidinedione, the main metabolite of the pharmaceutical drug trifluridine
Roman A. Zubarev is a professor of medicinal proteomics in the Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics at the Karolinska Institutet. Their research focuses on the use of mass spectrometry in biology and medicine.
Early life and education
M.S. in applied physics at Moscow Engineering Physics Institute, 1986
Ph.D. in ion physics at Uppsala University, 1997
Research interests
Electron-capture dissociation. In 1997, while in Fred McLafferty's lab at Cornell University, Zubarev discovered the phenomenon of electron-capture dissociation (ECD) of polypeptides. They later developed ECD and other ion-electron reactions2 as analytical techniques in Odense (1998–2002) and Uppsala (2002–2008).
Isotopic resonance hypothesis. Discovered the phenomenon of isotopic resonance in Uppsala (2008), formulated the isotopic resonance hypothesis and experimentally verified it in Stockholm (2009–2013).
Isoaspartate theory of Alzheimer's disease. The role of isoaspartate in Alzheimer's disease has first been suggested as early as in 1991. Over the next three decades the evidence gradually accumulated, being strongly supported by blood proteomics data.
Origin of life studies. Zubarev showed that the organic matter produced abiotically in a Miller–Urey experiment can be assimilated by bacteria, and thus proved that early Earth has been a hospitable place for life. For the first time in history of science, Zubarev obtained a living cell from dead matter. In that landmark experiment, bacteria were separated into lipids, nucleic acids and proteins, and these ingredients were isolated and incubated separately and in a mixture. After incubation, the isolates were seeded on Petri dish. While isolated molecules showed no growth (negative control), lipid-containing mixtures gave bacterial colonies, proving that life can self-assemble from a mixture of right ingredients.
Awards
Curt Brunnée Award, 2006
Biemann Medal, 2007
Gold medal, Russian Mass Spectrometry Society, 2013
External links
Roman Zubarev (Karolinska Institutet)
Roman Zubarev (Uppsala University)
References
Mass spectrometrists
Living people
Cornell University people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Stavropol
Chen Zhixiong (born 13 August 1959) is a Chinese water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Richard Foster may refer to:
Richard Foster (abolitionist) (1826–1901), founder of the Lincoln Institute in Jefferson City, Missouri
Richard Foster (Alaska politician) (1946–2009), Democratic member of the Alaska House of Representatives
Richard Foster (architect) (1919–2002), American modernist architect
Richard Foster (Australian footballer), Australian rules footballer
Richard Witty Foster (1856–1932), Australian politician
Richard Foster (Royal Marines officer) (1879–1965)
Richard Foster (Scottish footballer) (born 1985), Scottish football player
Richard Foster (painter) (born 1945), British portrait painter
Richard Foster (theologian) (fl. 2000s), Quaker religious leader and author
Richard N. Foster (born 1941), managing partner, Foster Health Partners
Richard Foster (philanthropist) (1822–1910), City of London merchant
Richard Foster, a pen name of Kendell Foster Crossen (1910–1981), American writer
Characters
Richard Foster (The Walking Dead)
See also
Richard Forster (disambiguation)
"Scarlet Knight" is the 23rd single by Japanese singer and voice actor Nana Mizuki, released on April 13, 2011, together with their 24th single, "Pop Master".
Track listing
"Scarlet Knight"
Lyrics: Nana Mizuki
Composition, arrangement: Hitoshi Fujima (Elements Garden)
Opening theme for anime television series Dog Days
Ending theme for TV Asahi program Onegai! Ranking in April
Ending theme for Ehime Asahi TV program Love Chu! Chu! in April
"High-Stepper"
Lyrics: Sayuri Katayama
Composition, arrangement: Shinya Saito
Ending theme for TBS TV program Osama no Brunch in April and May
Charts
Oricon Sales Chart (Japan)
References
2011 singles
Nana Mizuki songs
Songs written by Nana Mizuki
The Miraflores Adventist Educational Institution (commonly known as Miraflores Adventist College, or CoAM for its Spanish acronym) (Spanish: Institución Educativa Adventista Miraflores — Colegio Adventista Miraflores) is a private co-educational Seventh-day Adventist high school located in the urban district of Miraflores, Lima, Peru. Established in 1919 by representatives of the General Conference of the Seventh-day Adventist Church as Industrial College, the college is part of the Seventh-day Adventist education system, the world's second largest Christian school system.
Spiritual aspect
Students are required to take religion classes each year. These classes cover topics in biblical history and Christian and denominational doctrines. Instructors in other disciplines also begin each class period with prayer or a short devotional thought. The student body gathers every week in the auditorium for an hour-long chapel service. Outside the classrooms there is year-round spiritually oriented programming that relies on student involvement.
Notable alumni
Walter Manrique Pacheco – educator; former Member of Congress (2000-2001)
Rubén Castillo Anchapuri – theologist and biologist; first President of the Peruvian Union University
Carlos Augusto Vela – musician; Head of the Superior Section of the National University of Music
Andy Icochea Icochea – musician; Director of the Vienna Boys' Choir (2005-2011) and Artistic Director of PALS Children Chorus, USA
See also
List of Seventh-day Adventist secondary schools
Seventh-day Adventist education
References
Secondary schools affiliated with the Seventh-day Adventist Church
Educational institutions established in 1953
Religious schools in Peru
Schools in Lima
Private schools in Peru
1953 establishments in Peru
Leopold Henzl (18 October 1910 – 3 May 1969) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1931.
References
External links
1910 births
1969 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
Hakeem is an Arabic-language given name, a romanization variant of Hakim. It can also be used as a surname. Notablle people with the name include:
Given name
Hakeem Abdul-Saboor
Hakeem Abdul-Shaheed
Hakeem Adeniji
Hakeem al-Araibi
Hakeem Ali Mohammad
Hakeem Achour
Hakeem Araba
Hakeem Belo-Osagie
Hakeem Butler
Hakeem Dawodu
Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani
Hakeem Jeffries
Hakeem Kae-Kazim
Hakeem Kashama
Hakeem Khaaliq
Hakeem Manzoor
Hakeem Muhammad Akhtar
Hakeem Muhammad Saeed
Hakeem Muri-Okunola
Hakeem Nicks
Hakeem Noor-ud-Din
Hakeem Odoffin
Hakeem Olajuwon
Hakeem Oluseyi
Hakeem Rizwan Hafeez Malik
Hakeem Shaker
Hakeem Valles
Hakeem Yasin
Surname
Adam Hakeem
Amer Hakeem
Ayman Hakeem
Rauff Hakeem
Yusuf Hakeem
Zayn Hakeem
Fictional characters
Hakeem Lyon
See also
Hakim (disambiguation)
Abdul Hakim
Arabic masculine given names
The Reverend William Holwell Carr, (1758–1830) was an English priest, art dealer, art collector and painter. Their bequest of paintings was an important early addition to the collection of the National Gallery in London.
Life
They were born William Holwell in Exeter, Devon, the son of Edward Holwell, an apothecary, and educated from 1776 at Exeter College, Oxford, where they graduated from BA in 1783, MA in 1784 and BD in 1790, remaining as a Fellow until 1793, though apparently devoting most of their time on art.
In 1781 they were "allowed to travel" and went to Italy where they studied art and began the picture-buying which was to become their lifelong passion. In 1791 the rich benefice of Menheniot in Cornwall, in the gift of the Dean of Exeter College and only available to Fellows, fell vacant and they hastily took holy orders. They never lived there, paying a curate £100 per year to fulfil their duties for him, but their income from the living helped fund their art collecting. They lived at Devonshire Place at the top of Wimpole Street in London.
In 1797 they married Lady Charlotte Hay, daughter of James Hay, 15th Earl of Erroll and their wife Isabella, daughter of Sir William Carr of Etal. Charlotte inherited their maternal grandfather's property in Etal and the couple took the name Carr by royal consent. They had one son who died young.
Holwell Carr was a founding member of the British Institution in 1805 and of the Athenaeum Club. They practised landscape painting as an amateur and exhibited twelve untraced landscapes at the Royal Academy from 1804 and 1821 as an "Honorary Exhibitor", a designation used for gentleman amateurs. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1806. They were sometimes accused of touching up paintings that passed through their hands. For a while they were part of a consortium organized by William Buchanan, and may have been in a partnership with the retired admiral William Waldegrave, 1st Baron Radstock. They seem to have been a difficult and rather unpopular figure, not beyond some rather sharp practice in their dealings, and "possessing the dreadful gift of total recall for past prices of works of art".
They died at Withycombe Raleigh, near Exmouth.
Bequest
They bequeathed their entire collection of paintings to the nation. Shortly after their death the collection of thirty-five paintings was delivered to the National Gallery, London, then still housed in the Angerstein house in Pall Mall. Most of the works were Italian or French, including Saint George and the Dragon by Tintoretto, the Holy Family with a Shepherd by Titian, the Dead Christ Mourned by Two Angels by Guercino, and paintings by Guido Reni, Annibale Carracci, Canaletto, Rubens and many others; the bequest also included Carr's own portrait by Jackson. As with most collections of this date, not all the contemporary attributions are still accepted; in Carr's time the masterwork of the collection was thought to be the Christ Among the Doctors, which had long been called a Leonardo da Vinci, but is now attributed to Bernardino Luini, although the composition may be by Leonardo. They also left £500 to the poor of Menheniot. It was arguably the Holwell Carr Bequest that finally made it clear that the Government would have to build a more adequate home for the National Gallery.
Paintings in the Holwell Carr Bequest
Notes
References
Egerton, Judy, National Gallery Catalogues (new series): The British School, 1998,
1750 births
1830 deaths
English art collectors
English art dealers
English landscape painters
Fellows of Exeter College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
People associated with the National Gallery, London
The 1958–59 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 20th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1958 in Norwegian sport
1959 in Norwegian sport
Haji Yar Mohammed was a second cousin of Afghan President Hamid Karzai who was killed during a night raid by the United States special forces on March 10, 2011.
 They are from Karz, the same village as the President.
Their killing came shortly after Karzai had demanded the US stop using the technique of night raids due to the unacceptable level of deaths of innocent civilians.
NATO spokesperson initially claimed the dead man was the father of a suspected of being a Taliban leader, shot because they were holding an AK47. Later NATO spokespersons were to acknowledge confusion, and having multiple incompatible reports of what happened.
was accidentally killed.
According to Jon Boone, writing in The Guardian, another of Preside Karzai's brothers, Mahmoud Karzai had speculated that the failed raid had been due to a false denunciation from disgruntled elements of the President's own clan.
Mahmoud Karzai said that Yar Mohammed Karzai had killed a cousin thirty years earlier, during the time of the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan, and they were concerned that man's relatives were angry enough to employ a false denunciation to credulous American intelligence officials in order to get even.
They said Yar Mohammed's son Waheed had been shot, as part of the feud, in October 2009.
Both NATO and President Karzai's office said they would initiate inquiries into what really happened.
References
1946 births
2011 deaths
Pashtun people
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021) casualties
Yar Mohammed
Peter Kormann (born 21 June 1955) is a retired American gymnast and gymnastics coach. In the 1976 Olympics, they became the first American to medal in competition against the Soviets when they won a bronze medal in the men's floor competition. Kormann's bronze medal was also the first Olympic medal of any type won by an American gymnast in 44 years.
Kormann competed for Southern Connecticut State University under coach Abie Grossfeld. In 1977, Kormann won the Nissen Award (the "Heisman" of men's gymnastics). Peter went on to coach at the United States Naval Academy, the Ohio State University and was named head coach of the USA men's team from 1996 to 2001.
Kormann currently owns Yellow Jackets Gymnastics with their two sons in Massachusetts.
References
1955 births
Living people
American male artistic gymnasts
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in gymnastics
Gymnasts at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Braintree, Massachusetts
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in gymnastics
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Gymnasts at the 1975 Pan American Games
Braintree High School alumni
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
WSFN (Which Stands for Nothing) is an interpreted programming language for controlling robots created by Li-Chen Wang. It was designed to be as small as possible, a "tiny" language, similar to Wang's earlier effort, Palo Alto Tiny BASIC. WSFN was first published in Dr. Dobb's Journal in September 1977.
The language consists primarily of single-letter commands to tell a robot to move in certain directions, while other commands perform tests or basic mathematical operations. These can be grouped into named macros to produce more complex programs. The original version also included code that simulated the robot as a cursor on the VDM-1 display, or graphically on a Cromemco Dazzler display. This is similar to the turtle graphics added to the Logo programming language in 1969.
Extended WSFN is an implementation created for the Atari 8-bit family of home computers written by Harry Stewart and published by the Atari Program Exchange in 1981. In addition to supporting turtle graphics, it adds a number of commands to control the graphics and sound capabilities of that platform. It was offered as a "beginner's language with emphasis on graphics".
Syntax
WSFN consists of a number of single-letter commands to control the movement of a turtle or robot. Any of these commands can be repeated by prefixing it with a number. For instance, moves the turtle Forward one step, while moves 25 steps. and make the turtle turn one unit to the Right or Left, respectively, and it can also be reset to point orth. The step sizes and turn units are defined by the robot hardware, but are set to one pixel and 45 degrees in the turtle graphics versions. Missing in the robot versions, in the computer versions returns the turtle Home in the center of the screen and Clears any previous drawing. Thus, one can draw a square with the string:
BCWHN25F2R25F2R25F2R25F
These instructions set the drawing color to Black, Clears the screen (which fills with the current color), sets the color to White, Homes the turtle, resets the turtle to point North, then draws a series of four lines 25 steps long, rotating 90 degrees to the Right between each line. The result is a white square with its lower-left corner in the center of the screen.
Lists of commands can be surrounded with parentheses to create macros. For instance, the same square can be drawn by placing the code to draw one side of the square inside the parentheses, and then calling it four times:
BCWHN4(25F2R)
Macros can be called within other macros. For instance, this code draws a series of eight squares, each offset by 45 degrees, rotating around the center of the screen:
BCWHN8(4(25F2R)R)
Macros can be assigned a name using the efine command (Extended WSFN used instead). This code defines a macro named "X" to clear the screen and reset the drawing, and another "Z" that draws a square. It then uses these to draw the same rotating square as the example above:
DX(BCWHN)
DZ4(25F2R)
X8(ZR)
WSFN has rudimentary math capabilities consisting of a single accumulator that can be incremented and decremented with and . The letter can be placed anywhere a number could appear. One can make the series of squares grow larger by incrementing the accumulator 5 times between each step:
DX(BCWHN)
25A
DZ4(AF2R)
X8(Z5+AR)
A side-effect of the syntax is that would set the accumulator to zero, because it performs the decrement instruction by the number in A. Likewise, doubles the value in the accumulator.
Program control is equally rudimentary, consisting of a number of commands that handled IF/THEN/ELSE structures. The most basic form is the est command, which follows one of two paths if the accumulator was greater or equal to zero. For instance, this command causes the turtle to turn 90 degrees left if the accumulator is non-zero, or 45 to the right if it is zero:
T(2L)R
Variations on the branching construct include , which randomly jumps to the first or second branch 50% of the time, and ensor, which tests if the contact sensor on the robot has been triggered. Extended WSFN modified the to return the color in front of the turtle, allowing hit detection on previous drawing, and added the dge test, which jumps to the right side macro if the turtle hit the edge of the drawing area. The original WSFN lacks an equivalent of , and instead wraps the drawing area so the turtle re-appears on the opposite side of the screen. Extended WSFN supports this style of playfield wrapping as an option.
Because it uses one-letter commands and recursive syntax, WSFN code is exceedingly cryptic. For example, this is a WSFN program to draw Sierpiński curves:
DIT(-I2FI5RG5RI2FI+)2R
DG4F
DY (HN63F2R61FRC4 (2FI))
Note that the definition of the macro "I" includes calls to I within it. This is a key aspect of the WSFN concept; the language is highly recursive in nature, which makes programming self-similar patterns like fractals easy to accomplish in a few lines of code.
A key concept of Extended WSFN is that the keyboard is always active, even while macros are running. This allows keyboard input to interrupt running programs. Using this technique, one can make macros for moving the turtle in certain ways, assign them to letters on the keyboard, and then perform these movements by pressing different keys in succession. This can be aided by adding the ait command in places to give the user time to respond as the drawing takes place.
Keywords
From the original Dr. Dobbs article.
From the Extended WSFN manual.
References
Bibliography
Atari 8-bit family software
Atari Program Exchange software
Robot programming languages
Programming languages created in 1977
1977 in robotics
WBTE (990 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel format. Licensed to Windsor, North Carolina, United States. The station is currently owned by Dr. Tine Hicks & Associate.
External links
BTE
The 2020 Mugello FIA Formula 3 round was a motor racing event held on 12 and 13 September 2020 at the Mugello Circuit in Tuscany, Italy. It was the final round of the 2020 FIA Formula 3 Championship, and ran in support of the 2020 Tuscan Grand Prix. Oscar Piastri would be crowned champion after their title rival Logan Sargeant collided with Lirim Zendeli in Race 2.
Entries
With Pierre-Louis Chovet returning to Formula Regional, Hitech Grand Prix tried to poach Igor Fraga to race for them in the final round. However, Fraga's team Charouz Racing System blocked the move, and both teams raced with only two cars that weekend, those of Liam Lawson and Dennis Hauger, and Michael Belov and Roman Staněk respectively.
Classification
Qualifying
The Qualifying session took place on 11 September 2020, with Lirim Zendeli achieving their second pole position of the year.
Notes：
- Dennis Hauger and Michael Belov were handed three-place grid drops each for impeding Clément Novalak and Cameron Das respectively.
- Logan Sargeant was handed a three-place grid drop for causing a collision with Frederik Vesti at the previous race.
- Clément Novalak was handed a five-place grid drop for causing a collision with Michael Belov and Oscar Piastri at the previous race.
- Oscar Piastri was handed a five-place grid drop for forcing David Beckmann off the track at the previous race.
Sprint Race
Sprint Race
Standings after the event
Drivers' Championship standings
Teams' Championship standings
Note: Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings.
Note: Bold names include the Drivers' and Teams' Champion respectively.
See also
2020 Tuscan Grand Prix
2020 Mugello Formula 2 round
Notes
References
External links
Official website
|- style="text-align:center"
|width="35%"|Previous race:
|width="30%"|FIA Formula 3 Championship2020 season
|width="40%"|Next race:
Mugello
Formula 3 Mugello
A new civil war began in 1999 when a rebel group backed by the government of neighboring Guinea, the Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy (LURD), emerged in northern Liberia. By the spring of 2001, they were posing a major threat to the Taylor government. Liberia was now engaged in a complex three-way conflict with Sierra Leone and the Guinea Republic. By the beginning of 2002, both of these countries were supporting the latest addition to the lexicon of Liberian guerrilla outfits – Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy (LURD), while Taylor was supporting various opposition factions in both countries. By supporting Sierra Leonean rebels, Taylor also drew the enmity of the British and Americans.
Siege of Monrovia
In early 2003, a second rebel group, the Movement for Democracy in Liberia (MODEL), emerged in the south, and by the summer of 2003, Taylor's government controlled only a third of the country. Despite some setbacks, by mid-2003 LURD controlled the northern third of the country and was threatening the capital. The capital Monrovia was besieged by LURD, and that group's shelling of the city resulted in the deaths of many civilians. Thousands of people were displaced from their homes as a result of the conflict. By the beginning of August, after a two-month siege, LURD had overrun parts of Monrovia.
U.S. intervention
The United States of America sent a small number of troops to bolster security around their embassy in Monrovia, which had come under attack. The U.S. also stationed a Marine Expeditionary Unit with 2300 Marines offshore while Nigeria sent in peacekeepers as part of an Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) force.
On June 4, 2003 in Accra, Ghana, ECOWAS facilitated the inauguration of peace talks among the Government of Liberia, civil society, and the rebel groups called “Liberians United for Reconciliation and Democracy” (LURD) and “Movement for Democracy in Liberia” (MODEL). LURD and MODEL largely represent elements of the former ULIMO-K and ULIMO-J factions that fought Taylor during Liberia's previous civil war (1989–1996). By July 17, 2003 the Government of Liberia, LURD, and MODEL signed a cease-fire that envisioned a comprehensive peace agreement within 30 days. The three combatants subsequently broke that cease-fire repeatedly, which resulted in bitter fighting that eventually reached downtown Monrovia.
Also on June 4, 2003, the Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for Sierra Leone issued a press statement announcing the opening of a sealed March 7 indictment of Liberian President Charles Taylor for “bearing the greatest responsibility” for atrocities in Sierra Leone since November 1996. On August 11, 2003 under intense U.S. and international pressure, President Taylor resigned on August 11, 2003 as part of a peace agreement and was flown into exile in Nigeria. Vice-President Moses Blah replaced Taylor on an interim basis while a transitional government was being set up.
Transitional government
On August 18, leaders from the Liberian Government, the rebels, political parties, and civil society signed a comprehensive peace agreement that laid the framework for constructing a 2-year National Transitional Government of Liberia, effective October 14. On August 21, they selected business person Charles Gyude Bryant as Chair and Wesley Johnson as Vice Chair of the National Transitional Government of Liberia (NTGL). Under the terms of the agreement the LURD, MODEL, and Government of Liberia each selected 12 members of the 76-member Legislative Assembly (LA). On October 14, Blah handed over power to Charles Gyude Bryant who was appointed Chairman of the transitional government in late 2003.
Because of failures of the Transitional Government in curbing corruption, Liberia signed onto GEMAP a novel anti-corruption program. The primary task of the transitional government was to prepare for fair and peaceful democratic elections. With UNMIL troops safeguarding the peace, Liberia successfully conducted presidential elections in the fall of 2005. Twenty three candidates stood for the October 11, 2005 general election, with the early favorite George Weah, international footballer, UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador and member of the Kru ethnic group expected to dominate the popular vote. No candidate took the required majority in the general election, so that a run-off between the top two vote getters, Weah and Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, was necessary. The November 8, 2005 presidential runoff election was won decisively by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, a Harvard-trained economist. Both the general election and runoff were marked by peace and order, with thousands of Liberians waiting patiently in the Liberian heat to cast their ballots.
ECOMIL and UNMIL
These changes paved the way for the deployment by ECOWAS of what became a 3,600-strong peacekeeping mission in Liberia (ECOMIL). Since then, the United States has provided limited direct military support and $26 million in logistical assistance to ECOMIL and another $40 million in humanitarian assistance to Liberia.
In October 2003, the UN took over peacekeeping operations from ECOWAS and established the UN Mission in Liberia (UNMIL). In the years that followed, active disarmament, demobilization, and reintegration and rebuilding efforts unfolded
Despite the accord with the rebels, fighting initially continued in parts of the country; tensions among the factions in the national unity government also threatened the peace. By the end of 2004, however, more than 100,000 Liberian fighters had been disarmed, the former government and rebel forces had agreed not to rearm, and the disarmament program was ended. In June 2004, a program to reintegrate the fighters into society began, but by year's end the funds proved inadequate. In light of the progress made, President Bryant requested an end to the UN embargo on Liberian diamonds and timber, but the Security Council postponed such a move until the peace was more secure. Bryant's government was hindered by corruption and a lack of authority in much of Liberia, but the peace enabled to the economy recover somewhat in 2004.
Liberian elections (2005)
First round presidential elections in October 2005 resulted in a run-off between ex-footballer George Weah and Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, a former World Bank economist and finance minister. Weah proved hugely popular, particularly with the young and won the first round with 28% of the vote. However, their opponents argued Johnson-Sirleaf was better qualified for the job.
The second round of elections took place on November 8, 2005. Johnson-Sirleaf claimed victory of this round, winning 59 per cent of the vote. However, Weah alleged electoral fraud, despite international observers declaring the election to be free and fair. Although Weah was still threatening to take their claims to the Supreme Court if no evidence of fraud was found, Johnson-Sirleaf was declared president on November 23, making them the first woman president of Liberia and indeed of any African country.
Allegations of labor rights abuses by Firestone
A case against Firestone brought by the International Labor Rights Fund states,
Firestone's management rejects these allegations citing that the corporation has provided employment and pensions to thousands of Liberians as well as healthcare. The company also provides education and training opportunities to employees and their children.
In May 2006, the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL) released a report detailing the state of human rights on Liberia's rubber plantations. According to the report, Firestone managers in Liberia admitted that the company does not effectively monitor its own policy prohibiting child labor. UNMIL found that several factors contribute to the occurrence of child labor on Firestone plantations: pressure to meet company quotas, incentive to support the family financially, and lack of access to basic education. The report also noted that workers' housing provided by Firestone has not been renovated since the houses were constructed in the 1920s and 1930s.
In response to the accusations of child labor and poor housing in the UN report, Dan Adomitis; President of Firestone Natural Rubber Company Liberia; stated:
Extradition and trial of Charles Taylor
Under international pressure, Sirleaf requested in March 2006 that Nigeria extradite Charles Taylor, who was then brought before an international tribunal in Sierra Leone to face charges of crimes against humanity, arising from events during the Sierra Leone civil war (his trial was later transferred to The Hague for security purposes). In June 2006, the United Nations ended its embargo on Liberian timber, but continued its diamond embargo until an effective certificate of origin program was established, a decision that was reaffirmed in October.
In March 2007, former interim president Bryant was arrested and charged with having embezzled government funds while in office.
See also
2005 in Liberia
References
Liberia
Liberia
Eduard George Monsels (born 24 January 1948) is a Surinamese former sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics, becoming the first competitor to actually appear for Suriname in the Olympics.  They are the brother of sprinter Sammy Monsels. Eddy Monsels studied civil engineering at Leiden University.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Surinamese male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Suriname
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Leiden University alumni
Kyrgyzstan competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Field
Powerlifting
See also
Kyrgyzstan at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Kyrgyzstani sport
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Malawi refers to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and its members in Malawi. The first convert baptisms were performed in 1992. In 2019, there were 3,143 members in 8 congregations.
History
In January 1991, there were a small group of American members working in Malawi when Elder Richard P. Lindsay of the Second Quorum of the Seventy and Africa Area President visited Malawi.
The first convert baptisms occurred when Brian and Betty Peedle, missionaries serving in Zimbabwe, drove to Sitima Village in July 1992. They taught and baptized 75 individuals , some waiting as long as 14 years to join the church. These were the first converts to be baptized in the country. Missionary couples traveled to Malawi from Zimbabwe for about a year until unrest from neighboring countries prevented missionaries from entering.
On April 25, 1995, the church received legal recognition in Malawi and it was assigned to the Zimbabwe Harare Mission. In 1999, Elder Dennis E. Simmons of the Seventy and President of the Africa Southeast Area and President Frank Bagley of the Zimbabwe Harare Mission visited the members in Sitima. On May 23, 1999, the Sitima Branch was organized with McFarlane N. Phiri as president. The first missionaries to live in Malawi was a missionary couple, Don and Berylene Frampton who arrived and lived in Blantyre in September 1999. Within a year, the Sitma Branch grew to 200 members. A second branch, located in Blantyre, was organized on July 30, 2000.
On July 3, 2005, the first meetinghouse built by the church, located in the Mandala Township in the city of Blantyre was dedicated by President Joseph Jenkins of the Zimbabwe Harare Mission. On October 25, 2011, Elder Russell M. Nelson of the Quorum of the Twelve, visited Malawi and dedicated the country for the preaching of the gospel.
Humanitarian Efforts
In 2002, The LDS Church sent food boxes packed by volunteers, cerial, and grain to Malawi and neighboring countries to assist those hindered by the drought. The Church was undertaken a campaign to vaccinate Malawians against measles in 2008. In 2016, Lilongwe Mayor, Willie Chapondera, commended missionaries for enhancing behavior change among individuals in the city. In 2018, the LDS Church stated it will continue taking part of national development through its self-reliance program. Between July 2019 and June 2020, partnering with Sightsavers, more than 130,000 people were screened for vision loss, and 924 received sight-restoring surgery. In 2020, the LDS Church donated $20 Million to UNICEF's global vaccination effort, benefitting those in Malawi and other countries. The LDS Church raised $200,000 worldwide in 2021 to construct school blocks at a primary school in Traditional Authority Chitukula in Lilongwe and provide desks and other furnishings.
Districts and Congregations
As of November 2021, Malawi had the following districts and congregations:
Lilongwe Malawi District
Kalambo Branch
Kasungu Branch
Kawale Branch
Lilongwe Branch
Presidential Way Branch
Blantyre Malawi District
Blantyre 1st Branch
Blantyre 2nd Branch
Chirimba Branch
Liwonde Branch
Ndirande Branch
Zingwangwa Branch
The Zambia Lusaka Mission Branch serves individuals and families not in proximity to a meetinghouse. Congregations in a district are called branches, regardless of size.
Missions
On April 25, 1995, the church received legal recognition in Malawi and it was assigned to the Zimbabwe Harare Mission. Malawi became part of the Zambia Lusaka Mission when it was created on July 1, 2011.
Temples
There are no temples in Malawi. Malawi is currently located within the Johannesburg South Africa Temple District. Temples under construction or announced that will bring a temple closer to Malawi include: The Harare Zimbabwe Temple and the Nairobi Kenya Temple, which are both under construction, and the Beira Mozambique Temple which was announced on April 4, 2021.
See also
Religion in Malawi
References
External links
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Africa South) - Official Site
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints - African Newsroom
Blantyre Malawi District - Facebook Page
ComeUntoChrist.org Latter-day Saints Visitor site
Christianity in Malawi
Hail, Hero! is a 1969 drama film directed by David Miller, starring Michael Douglas, Deborah Winters and Peter Strauss. David Manber wrote the screenplay based on the novel by John Weston. The picture was produced by Harold D. Cohen and was the feature film debut for Douglas and for Peter Strauss.
Plot
During the Vietnam War, college student Carl Dixon quits school and joins the Army in hopes of using love, not bullets, to combat the Viet Cong.
Cast
Michael Douglas as Carl Dixon
Arthur Kennedy as Albert Dixon, Carl's father
Teresa Wright as Santha Dixon, Carl's mother
Peter Strauss as Frank Dixon, Carl's younger brother
John Larch as Mr. Conklin
Charles Drake as Senator Murchiston
Mercer Harris as Jimmy
Deborah Winters as Becky
John Qualen as Billy Hurd
James Nusser as Max
Production
Gordon Lightfoot contributed two songs to the soundtrack, the title song (co-written with Jerome Moross) and "Wherefore And Why", an "alternate, slightly faster take" of the first track of Did They Mention My Name? No soundtrack album was released.
A key scene in the film was changed shortly before the film's release. In both the novel and the film, "Carl spends their last night at home painting the side of their father's barn with a Pop war mural—flowers, bombs, flaming planes and an American flag in which hearts have replaced the stars. In the novel (and in the film before it was ... re-edited), Carl's mother ... and father joined them in this act of affirmation."
Reception
For their performance, Michael Douglas was nominated for Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor.
Upon the film's October 1969 release, Vincent Canby wrote:
In Hail, Hero! you can see Kirk Douglas, even younger than they were in The Champion in 1949, in the person of their 25-year-old son, Michael. This new Douglas has their father's extraordinary, Fearless Fosdick jaw, the suggestion of their dimpled chin and the cool, gentle eyes. They also possess the almost manic, physical buoyancy that compels attention even when it bears little relation to the circumstances in which the actor finds himself. It's not an especially memorable performance, but it's an energetic one, and without Douglas, Hail, Hero! would not even be tolerable.
In a retrospective review TV Guide called it a "talky, uninspired attempt to bring 60s-style 'relevance' to the screen."
See also
List of American films of 1969
References
External links
1969 films
1969 drama films
American drama films
Anti-war films about the Vietnam War
Cinema Center Films films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by David Miller
Films scored by Jerome Moross
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
For other instances of the same name see Lord of the Flies (disambiguation)
Lord of the Flies is the fourth full-length studio album by English Gothic rock band Nosferatu. It was released in April 1998 by Cleopatra Records in the U.S.A and Canada and by Hades Records in the U.K., Germany, Austria and Switzerland. It is the band's 5th best selling album with worldwide sales realising in excess of 5,000 copies.
Title
The title of the album repeats the name of the Nobel Prize-winning author William Golding's famous novel Lord of the Flies about a group of children going wild on a deserted island and committing atrocities there. They eventually start worshipping a dead pig's head, calling it Lord of the Flies, which is a translation of the name of Beelzebub, a satanic being.
NOSFERATU's "Lord of The Flies" album was recorded and mixed at House in The Woods Residential Studio, Bletchingley Surrey in July and August 1997.
Rat Scabies formerly of The Damned, drummed on the songs "Witching Hour", "Torturous" and "Ascension" and was driven to the recording studio by Segs (The Ruts) due to Rat having severed a tendon in their thumb. The late and GREAT Simon "Doc" Milton engineered, recorded and co-produced this album, they also played bass guitar on it as Dante Savarelle had recently left. The lineup for this album therefore being Dominic LaVey (vocals), Simon "Doc" Milton (bass), Damien DeVille (guitar) and Rat Scabies (drums).
Initially this album was due to be released in fall 1997 in time for the festive season, but due to delays with artwork, it missed this date, lost a significant number of the USA pre-sales and appeared in April 1998.on Hades Records (UK) and Cleopatra Records (USA).
UK sales were hampered due to the initial UK distributor Draconis going into receivership in 1998 only 3 weeks after release, but both Rough Trade and Southern Distribution took over and kept the album in circulation. EFA Medien GmBH distributed this album in Germany but due to them going into receivership in 1999, distribution of the CD ceased in this territory. It was released digitally on all platforms in 2006 and plans are being made by Dark Fortune Records to re-release this classic album on vinyl some 22 years after release and to help celebrate NOSFERATUs 34th anniversary.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Doc Milton - Bass guitar
Damien DeVille - Lead guitar, Hammond organ, keyboard and drum machine programming
Dominic Lavey - Vocals and keyboard programming
Rat Scabies - Drums on "Torturous", "Ascension" & "Witching Hour"
References
1998 albums
Nosferatu (band) albums
Cleopatra Records albums
"She Wouldn't Be Gone" is a song written by Jennifer Adan and Cory Batten and recorded by American country music singer Blake Shelton. It was released in August 2008 as the first single from Shelton's 2008 album Startin' Fires. The song became Shelton's fifth number one hit on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in February 2009.
Content
"She Wouldn't Be Gone" is a mid-tempo in which the male narrator reflects on their relationship and a lover who has just left him. They express regrets over having not attempted to keep them from leaving, saying that if they had tried to keep their (by bringing their flowers, watching sunsets with her, and paying attention to their needs), thinking "maybe they wouldn't be gone".
Co-writer Cory Batten came up with the song's opening line ("Red roadside wildflower, if I had only picked you / Took you home and set you on the counter / Oh, at least a time or two / Maybe she'd have thought it through") after seeing a patch of red wildflowers outside their window. Co-writer Jennifer Adan said that they wanted the song's narrator to have a "feeling of desperation" by realizing after how what they should have done to keep their lover from leaving. When they recorded the song, Shelton said that they had "been able to dump more emotion into that vocal" than any of their previous material.
Critical reception
Brady Vercher of Engine 145 gave the song a "thumbs down". They stated that "Shelton's phrasing and breathing are awkward enough to not make the song easily memorable or singable, decreasing its chances at chart success." Allmusic's Steve Leggett considered it the strongest track on Startin' Fires, saying that it was "a brilliant portrayal of a man who finally finds their passion and love for a woman when it's way too late and she's already gone, and the chorus swells to passionate, almost white-knuckle perfection. It's a great song and Shelton gives it everything."
Music video
The music video was directed by Scott Speer and premiered in late 2008.
Chart positions
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2008 singles
Country ballads
2000s ballads
Blake Shelton songs
Music videos directed by Scott Speer
Song recordings produced by Scott Hendricks
Warner Records Nashville singles
2008 songs
Songs written by Cory Batten
Albert Louis Allred (born September 19, 1931) is an American chemist accomplished in the fields of inorganic chemistry and electronegativity. They were born in Mount Airy, North Carolina, United States.
Education and career
Allred studied chemistry at the University of North Carolina and earned a bachelor's degree in 1953. They studied at Harvard University and earned a master's degree in 1955, followed by a doctorate in 1957. In 1956 they were an instructor, 1958 assistant professor, and 1969 professor at the College of Arts and Sciences of Northwestern University. From 1980 to 1986, they were chairperson of the chemistry department. In 1992, they became acting vice president for research as well as dean of the graduate school.
In 1987, they were a visiting scholar at Cambridge University, in 1965 Honorary Research Associate at University College London and in 1967 at the University of Rome. From 1963 to 1965, they were a Sloan Research Fellow. They have been a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science since 1981.
Allred introduced the Allred-Rochow scale of electronegativity with Eugene G. Rochow in 1958. They predicted that electronegativity, should be related to the charge experienced by an electron on the "surface" of an atom. They calculated this formula for the electronegativity, χ, where "" is equal to the effective nuclear charge and "" is the covalent radius. When the covalent radius is expressed in picometers:
.
When expressed in Angstroms however, the value 3590, becomes .359.
They also since has dealt with synthetic inorganic, organometallic chemistry, and electrochemistry.
References
American chemists
Scientists from North Carolina
University of North Carolina alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Northwestern University faculty
Living people
1931 births
Stavri Lubonja (born September 1935) is a former Albanian player and manager.
Playing career
Club
They spent their six-year football-playing career with capital club Dinamo Tirana, winning three national championships.
During the 1959 season, Lubonja was the league top goalscorer with 11 goals, with Dinamo, who finished in 3rd place.
Managerial career
Lubonja also served at Dinamo Tirana as the manager, winning the league in the 1979–80 season.
Personal life
Lubonja is married with their long-time partner Mediha Lubonja (née Veçani), who was a dancer. They also hold American citizenship, since their father had emigrated to the USA only to return to Korçë in 1931, four years before Stavri was born.
Honours
Albanian Superliga: 1
1955, 1956, 1960
References
1935 births
Living people
Footballers from Tirana
Association football forwards
Albanian footballers
FK Dinamo Tirana players
Albanian football managers
Flamurtari Vlorë managers
FK Dinamo Tirana managers
Kategoria Superiore managers
St. Joseph's University Medical Center is a member of St. Joseph's Health. Located in Paterson, New Jersey, St. Joseph's University Medical Center, which includes St. Joseph's Children's Hospital, is a major academic medical center and state designated trauma center that cares for the most complex and routine cases. There is also a second campus located in Paramus, New Jersey on Century Road.
The hospital was founded in 1867 and is sponsored by its founders, the Sisters of Charity of Saint Elizabeth.
St. Joseph's University Medical Center is part of St. Joseph's Health, which encompasses St. Joseph's University Medical Center, St. Joseph's Children's Hospital, St. Joseph's Wayne Medical Center, St. Joseph's Healthcare and Rehab Center, and Visiting Health Services of NJ.
See also
Barnert Hospital
List of the tallest buildings in Paterson
St. Joseph's Health Website
References
Companies based in Passaic County, New Jersey
Catholic hospitals in North America
Hospitals in New Jersey
Economy of Paterson, New Jersey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson
Trauma centers
USA-180, also known as GPS IIR-13 and GPS SVN-61, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the thirteenth of twenty one Block IIR GPS satellites to be launched, and the last in the original configuration. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-180 was launched at 05:39:00 UTC on 6 November 2004, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D308, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17B at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-180 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 5 January 2005, USA-180 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.94 minutes, and 54.8 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 02 signal, and operates in slot 1 of plane D of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2019 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2004
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Rising Star Academy is a private Islamic day school for students in pre-K through twelfth grades, located in Union City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, established in 2009.
As of the 2015–16 school year, the school had an enrollment of 196 students (plus 14 in PreK) and 22.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 8.7:1. The school's student body was 96.4% White, 2.0% Hispanic and 1.5% Black.
History
Rising Star Academy opened in September 2009 by the North Hudson Islamic Educational Center, a Sunni Muslim mosque established in 1992 in Union City. The mosque's 2,000-member congregation includes approximately 500 Latino converts from other religions, such as Catholicism.
The school received accreditation from the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commissions on Elementary and Secondary Schools in May 2016. The accreditation was effective December 2016 for a seven-year period.
References
External links
"Rising Star Academy". Private School Review.
2009 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2009
Islamic schools in New Jersey
Private elementary schools in New Jersey
Private middle schools in New Jersey
Private high schools in Hudson County, New Jersey
Union City, New Jersey
Eusemocosma pruinosa is a moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia.
Oecophorinae
Moths of Australia
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths described in 1884
Belören is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Bowlees and Friar House Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of west County Durham, England. It consists of three traditionally-managed hay meadows in the valley of the River Tees immediately upstream of Low Force waterfall.
The site is important as preserving a rich assemblage of plant species, including some that are locally rare, in a habitat that is widely threatened by intensive agricultural practices.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Meadows in County Durham
The Flag of Gascony represents the region of Gascony, located in France. The legend says that this flag appeared in the time of Pope Clement III (term 1187–1191) to gather the Gascons during the Third Crusade (12th century), but no proof of this allegation has yet been found. The Chronica of Rogeri de Houedene, often taken as a proof for the creation of this flag, only mentions the crosses taken by the crusaders of three nations: the French (a red cross), the English (a white cross) and the Flemish (a green cross).
That flag contains the St Andrew's cross, the patron saint of Bordeaux and the red color of the Kingdom of England, which reigned over Gascony from the 12th to the mid-15th century.
After the end of the Hundred Years' War (1337–1453), the flag went out of use and was never replaced.
A modern blazon (blue and red with sheaf of wheat and lion) was created in Versailles by the judge of weapons' cabinet (chief of protocol) of French king Louis XIV in 1697–1709, in order to add symbolically the province to the French royal coat of arms.
The contemporary return of the historic flag of Gascony is ought to convey identity and values which make of this province a land of "douceur de vivre" (sweetness of life): soft climate, authenticity of relationship, conviviality, good wines and art of dining.
The Saltire, lo Sautèr
The Gascony does not have any institutional unity since the 11th century, hence several flag versions are currently used on the territory.
The Saltire, sometimes called "Union Gascona" (Gascon Union) is a white Saint-Andrew's cross on a red background. Some say that it was originally given by Pope Clement III at the time of the Third Crusade but there has been no evidence of that assumption yet.
It is often said that the text of the chronicler Roger of Howden mentioned that Pope Clement III gave crosses to the kings of France and England (Richard I of England as well duke of Aquitania and Gascony) during the Gisors conference in 1188 and that these kings then assigned flags, with the cross on it, to their respective nations. The following text ("The French flags" on the website Heraldica, accessed 04-22-2010) is about this event:
The kings of France and England were in a peace conference in a field between Gisors and Trie, in January 1188, when the archbishop of Tyre arrived with the news of the conquest of Jerusalem by Saladdin, and an urgent plea for a new crusade. The event is told by the contemporary chronicler Roger de Hoveden (R. de Houedene, Chronica, ed. William Stubbs, vol. 2, London, 1869, p. 335). At this conference came the archbishop of Tyre, who [...] moved their hearts to taking the cross. And those who were enemies before, by their predication and God's help, became friends that day, and received the cross from their hand ; and in that moment the sign of the cross appeared above them in the sky. On seeing that miracle, many rushed in droves to take the cross. And said kings, when taking the cross, chose a visible sign for themselves and their people to identify their nation. The king of France and their people took red crosses ; the king of England with their people took white crosses ; and Philip count of Flanders with their people took green crosses ; and thus everyone returned home to provide for the needs of their journey. [… ad cognoscendam gentem suam signum evidens sibi et suis providerunt, ... et sic unusquisque ...]
The original text of Howden stops here. What comes next is an addition from F. Velde: "It is often said that the system was extended to other regions or nations : Brittany's cross was black, Lorraine green, Italy and Sweden yellow, Burgundy a red Saint Andrew's, Gascony a white Saint Andrew's."
Thus we cannot confirm that the gascon saltire comes from the Crusades or even the Middle Ages. At least was it known at the time when F. Velde wrote this article. As Saint Andrew is the patron of Bordeaux that could be a hint for its origin.
In the tome 14 of the Grande Encyclopédie, published in France between 1886 and 1902 by Henri Lamirault, one can read that
(During the hard times of the Hundred Years' War and the terrible struggles between the Armagnacs, representing the national party (white cross) and the Burgundians, allied to the English (red cross and red Saint-Andrews' cross), the flag of the victorious English ends up gathering, in 1422, under Henri VI, on its field the white and red crosses of France and England, the white and red Saint-Andrew's crosses of Guyenne and Burgundy.)
On the website Gasconha.com a message from M. Fourment (12-15-2006) returns to the website svowebmaster.free.fr on which would be written that the Saltire was declared "official flag of Gascony" on 13 January in 1903, but without any other precision, nor source (perhaps was it in the context of the Félibrige that was then developing).
The red and white colors are statistically dominants in the heraldry of the gascon countries. This red and white flag, or Saltire, lo(u) Sautèr, is considered as being the flag of the Gascon people.
Therefore this gascon saltire could have picked up some ancient traditions. Even if it would only be dated from the end of the 19th century of the beginning of the 20th, it follows the rules of vexillology (simplicity, distant readability). It corresponds to the color and the pattern of the talenquères in many bullrings in Gascony.
The Quarterly, l'Esquarterat
However, another flag is used: the Quarterly. It corresponds to the arms of the ancient province of Gascony put in a banner.
This province was smaller than the current Gascony (also called "cultural and linguistic Gascony), it included neither the Béarn nor the gascon part of the Guyenne, but it included the basque provinces of the Labourd and the Soule.
Dame Flag, Drapeau à la Dame
Gascon cultural flag proposed to promote the whole of Gascon culture. Red and white are the cultural colors of Gascony. The triangular shape and a young symbol representing Gascony, often described as a triangle bordering the Garonne, the Pyrenees and the Atlantic Ocean. The head in the middle is none other than the statue of the Venus of Brassempouy. Found in the Landes de Gascogne, it dates back 25,000 years and is the oldest known human face today. It does not even measure 4 cm, carved in mammoth ivory with stone. This flag has not gained much popularity but is sometimes used.
References
12th-century establishments in France
Gascony
Third Crusade
Gascony
History of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
History of Occitania (administrative region)
Gascony
Michael F. Shlesinger (born August 8, 1948 in Brooklyn, New York) is a physicist notable for their work in the area of nonlinear dynamics.  They are the co-founder of the journal Fractals. Their pioneering work in statistical predictions and descriptions of random and deterministic processes has influenced the physics of amorphous solids and glasses, classical mechanics, and biophysics.  They are known as a proponent of fractal time and is also known for their work on fractal stochastic processes related to areas such as disordered materials and turbulence.
Education
In 1970, they obtained their BS degree in physics and mathematics from State University of New York at Stony Brook, and then obtained their MA in 1972 from the University of Rochester. In 1975, they obtained their PhD from the University of Rochester under Elliott Waters Montroll for a thesis entitled A Stochastic Theory of Anomalous Transient Photocurrents in Certain Xerographic Films and of the 1/f Noise in Neural Membrane.
Career
Initially they worked at the University of Maryland, College Park, then in 1983 they joined Office of Naval Research (ONR) and started their nonlinear dynamics program in 1984. They subsequently went on to head their physics division, before being named ONR's chief scientist for nonlinear science. Their contributions to nonlinear dynamics and statistical physics include the publication of over 200 papers, editorship of over 20 books, and the organization of over 30 conferences. In 2008, they took up the Kinnear Chair in Physics at the US Naval Academy,
Annapolis, United States. In 2021 published "An Unbounded Experience in Random Walks with Applications" (World Scientific Pub)
Honors
They were elected to Fellow of the American Physical Society in 1993. In 2004, they received the Presidential Rank Award. In 2006, they received ONR's Saalfeld Award for outstanding lifetime achievement. In 2008, they were honored with a festschrift to mark their 60th birthday, entitled 25 Years of Nonlinear Dynamics at ONR, based on a conference held on Amelia Island, Florida, July 20–22, 2008.
Public Service
While residing in Rockville, Maryland, they once saved the life of a woman who was being mauled by a pack of rottweilers. For putting their lives at risk, the city of Rockville presented them with a medal for heroism.
Name
Their middle name is the single initial "F"—he does not have a full middle name; another famous example being the middle initial of Harry S. Truman.
See also
Fractal time
Nonlinear dynamics
Bibliography
External links
Shlesinger's math genealogy
Shlesinger Nature article
2004 Presidential rank awards
Saalfed award
Shlesinger at Bioinfobank
Shlesinger at Scientific Commons
1948 births
Living people
Stony Brook University alumni
University of Rochester alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
21st-century American physicists
Jewish physicists
Jewish scientists
Probability theorists
House of Bondioni was a most important family for Niardo and Val Camonica. Bondioni is the surname of a family of Italian noble background.
History
The dynasty was founded by Giovan Maria Bondioni (1600–60), they were a condottiero from Niardo.
In 1630 to fight the Landsknecht, Giovanni Maria Bondioni sat at the head of a citizen army to stop the mercenaries sent by Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor.
Tradition
Tradition says that the family has origins dating back to ancient Greece.
The myth has it that it was Diomedes, son of Tydeus and Deipyle, to found the family, after their marriage to Aigialeia.
Notable members
Giovan Maria Bondioni (1600–60), Condottiero of 17th century
Giovanni Bondioni (1802–75), Major of Niardo in 1830
Giovanni Bondioni (1894–1918), Lieutenant of 82º Regiment of Foot "Torino" in World War I
Italian families
Italian noble families
Kosarev () is a Russian masculine surname; its feminine counterpart is Kosareva. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandr Kosarev (born 1977), Russian volleyball player
Maxim Kosarev (born 1969), Russian trap shooter
Aleksandr Kosarev (politician) (1903 – 1939), Russian Communist Party official, better known as first secretary of the Komsomol Central Committee
Russian-language surnames
Ice on Fire is the nineteenth studio album by English musician Elton John. Recorded at Sol Studios and released in November 1985, it was their first album since Blue Moves produced by their original long-time producer, Gus Dudgeon. David Paton and Charlie Morgan appear for the first time on bass and drums respectively, replacing original band members Dee Murray and Nigel Olsson. Fred Mandel, who had played with John during the Breaking Hearts tour, also contributed guitar and keyboards.
The album was met with little praise and only reached #48 on the US charts, although it reached #3 in the UK. "Nikita" and "Wrap Them Up" became top 20 hits. The latter reached #20 in the US, and the former reached #7 in the US and #3 in the UK. In the US, the album was certified gold in June 1986 by the RIAA.
Background
The title of the album contains a line from the lyrics of "Nikita". "With eyes that looked like ice on fire"
Guests on the recording include Nik Kershaw; Sister Sledge; Pino Palladino; Mel Gaynor and Millie Jackson, who duetted with John on "Act of War"; George Michael, then of Wham!, who appears on "Nikita" and "Wrap Them Up"; and Roger Taylor and John Deacon of Queen who play drums and bass guitar on "Too Young".
According to Elizabeth Rosenthal in their book, Their Songs: The Musical Journey of Elton John (p. 260; First edition), the LP's closing track, "Shoot Down the Moon", was considered for the James Bond film A View to a Kill, but the producers instead decided to go with the title track as performed by Duran Duran.
Track listing
Sides one and two were combined as tracks 1–10 on CD reissues.
Notes
The remastered 1999 version did not include "Act of War"; the 1999 remaster had a longer intro to "Satellite" than the LP and the 1985 CD issue, and has a slightly different vocal mix. The live version of "Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word" is not the version found on the 12" single of "Nikita", but is an unreleased version from 1977 (Live at Rainbow Rock in May). It is unknown why the switch occurred. The other two live tracks were recorded at Wembley Stadium during the tour for the album Breaking Hearts.
"The Man Who Never Died" is a song written about John Lennon, in addition to "Empty Garden (Hey Hey Johnny)", from Elton John's album Jump Up!
Personnel
Track numbering refers to CD and digital releases of the album.
Elton John – lead vocals, acoustic piano (1–3, 5, 8, 10, 11), Yamaha GS1 piano (4, 5), synthesizer (4, 7, 9, 11), backing vocals (4)
Fred Mandel – synthesizers (1, 4, 5, 10, 11), keyboards (2, 3, 6–9), sequencer (6), electric guitar (7, 11), finger snaps (7), arrangements (10)
Davey Johnstone – electric guitar (1, 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, 11), Spanish guitar (2), synth guitar (2, 7), backing vocals (3, 5, 6–9)
Nik Kershaw – electric guitar (4, 7, 11), backing vocals (4)
Paul Westwood – bass (1, 2, 6)
Deon Estus – bass (3, 7, 11)
David Paton – bass (4, 8, 9)
John Deacon – bass (5)
Pino Palladino – bass (10)
Charlie Morgan – drums (1, 2, 6)
Mel Gaynor – drums (3, 7, 11)
Dave Mattacks – drums (4, 8, 9), military snare (5)
Roger Taylor – drums (5)
Frank Ricotti – percussion (3, 5), vibraphone (9)
James Newton Howard – string arrangements (3, 6)
Gus Dudgeon – horn arrangements (3, 6), Simmons drums (5, 11), arrangements (10)
David Bitelli – horn arrangements (1, 3, 6, 9), baritone saxophone (1, 6, 9), tenor saxophone (3, 6)
Bob Sydor – tenor saxophone (3)
Phil Todd – alto saxophone (6)
Nick Pentelow – tenor saxophone (9)
Pete Thomas – tenor saxophone (9)
Rick Taylor – trombone (1, 3, 6, 9), horn arrangements (9)
Chris Pyne – trombone (9)
Raul D'Oliveira – trumpet (1, 3, 6, 9)
Paul Spong – trumpet (1, 3, 6, 9)
Sister Sledge – backing vocals (1)
Alan Carvell – backing vocals (3, 5, 7–9)
Kiki Dee – backing vocals (3, 5, 6, 8, 9)
Katie Kissoon – backing vocals (3, 5, 6, 8, 9)
Pete Wingfield – backing vocals (3, 5, 6–9)
George Michael – backing vocals (4), featured vocals (6)
Millie Jackson – lead and backing vocals (11)
Production
Produced by Gus Dudgeon
All lyrics by Bernie Taupin
Recorded by Stuart Epps
Mixed and Edited by Graham Dickson and Gus Dudgeon
Additional Mixing and Editing by Tom Pearce
Mastered by Gordon Vicary at The Townhouse (London, UK).
Design – David Larkham
Photography – Terry O'Neill
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
External links
Elton John albums
1985 albums
Albums produced by Gus Dudgeon
Geffen Records albums
The Rocket Record Company albums
A pit boss (more commonly known today as the pit manager) is the person who directs the employees who work in a casino pit. The job of the pit boss is to manage the floormen, who are the supervisors for table games dealers in a casino. One pit boss monitors all floormen, dealers, and players in the pit; there is usually one floorman for every six tables. The floormen correct minor mistakes, but if a serious gaming discrepancy arises (such as duplicate cards being found in a deck), it is the job of the pit boss to sort it out.
References
Casinos
Gambling terminology
Management occupations
Chicago Landmark is a designation by the Mayor and the City Council of Chicago for historic sites in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Listed sites are selected after meeting a combination of criteria, including historical, economic, architectural, artistic, cultural, and social values. Once a site is designated as a landmark, it is subject to the Chicago Landmarks Ordinance, which requires that any alterations beyond routine maintenance, up to and including demolition, must have their permit reviewed by the Landmarks Commission. Many Chicago Landmarks are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places, providing federal tax support for preservation, and some are further designated National Historic Landmarks, providing additional federal oversight.
Criteria
The Mayor and the City Council appoint a nine-member Commission on Chicago Landmarks to develop landmark recommendations in accordance with a 1968 Chicago city ordinance. The commission considers areas, districts, places, buildings, structures, works of art, and other objects within the City of Chicago for nomination based solely on whether each meets two or more of the following criteria:
Its value as an example of the architectural, cultural, economical, historical, social, or other aspect of the heritage of the City of Chicago, State of Illinois, or the United States;
Its location as a site of a significant historic event which may or may not have taken place within or involved the use of any existing improvements;
Its identification with a person or persons who significantly contributed to architectural, cultural, economic, historic, social, or other aspect of the development of the City of Chicago, State of Illinois, or the United States;
Its exemplification of an architectural type or style distinguished by innovation, rarity, uniqueness, or overall quality of design, detail, materials or craftsmanship;
Its identification as the work of an architect, designer, engineer, or builder whose individual work is significant in the history or development of the City of Chicago, the State of Illinois, or the United States;
Its representation of an architectural, cultural, economic, historic, social, or other theme expressed through distinctive areas, districts, places, buildings, structures, works of art, or other objects that may or may not be contiguous;
Its unique location or distinctive physical appearance or presence representing an established and familiar visual feature of a neighborhood, community, or the City of Chicago.
Once the commission has determined that a candidate meets at least two of the above criteria, the group may provide a preliminary landmark designation if the candidate "has a significant historic, community, architectural or aesthetic interest or value, the integrity of which is preserved in light of its location, design, setting, materials, workmanship, and ability to express such historic, community, architectural or aesthetic interest or value."
History
In Chicago, the historic preservation movement initially sought to ensure the survival of individual buildings of special significance. However, the movement has evolved to include districts and neighborhoods and even encompasses distinctive areas of the natural environment. Preservation is now an integral element of urban planning and design. Three trends led to popular support of the formalization of the movement in response to extensive and far reaching destruction of Chicago's environment:
government-sponsored "urban renewal", which had resulted in destruction of some residential areas;
construction of high-speed, limited-access expressways financed largely by federal highway funds, which divided neighborhoods; and
the real estate boom in response to the demand for increased office space in the Loop.
In 1957, Chicago City Council 5th ward alderman Leon Despres began the landmark preservation movement in Chicago, by adopting the Frank Lloyd Wright Robie House. This led to the formation of the City Landmarks Commission, who chose 39 buildings as "honorary" landmarks. That body evolved into the present Commission on Chicago Landmarks which was empowered by Despres's 1968 city ordinance to select and protect 12 important buildings as the inaugural official Chicago Landmarks. Although the movement was unable to save either Louis Sullivan's Garrick Theater in 1960 or Sullivan's Chicago Stock Exchange Building in 1972, the efforts spawned the Landmarks Preservation Council of Illinois in addition to the municipal Commission.
National recognition
Many landmarks have been designated with National Historic Landmark status by the United States Secretary of the Interior for historical significance. All of those and a number of other districts, sites, buildings, structures, and objects worthy of preservation have been listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Not all Chicago Landmarks have been listed on the National Register, and not all Registered Historic Places (not even all of those that are further designated National Historic Landmarks) have been designated Chicago Landmarks. No Chicago Landmarks are classified as any other type of National Park System protected area including National Parks, National Monuments, or National Preserves. The charts below detail these designations for the city of Chicago-designated sites and the National Historic Landmarks.
List of landmarks
For consistency, the list below uses the name from the Chicago Landmark website. Neighborhood names and boundaries are consistent with the Community areas in Chicago.
Registered Historic Places and Landmarks not designated Chicago Landmarks
As noted in the list above, there are many places that are designated as City landmarks but they have not been nationally registered. There are also approximately 200 nationally Registered Historic Places in Chicago that are not also designated Chicago Landmarks. Of these, 13 are further designated as U.S. National Historic Landmarks:
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Central Chicago
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Side Chicago
National Register of Historic Places listings in South Side Chicago
National Register of Historic Places listings in West Side Chicago
References
Notes
External links
City of Chicago: Chicago Landmarks Listings
City of Chicago: Commission on Chicago Landmarks
Chicago Cultural Commission plaque program
Landmarks
Locally designated landmarks in the United States
Lists of landmarks
Dmitrij Gerasimenko (, ; born 1 October 1987 in Zlatoust, Soviet Union) is a Serbian judoka and sambo competitor of Russian origin.
Career
They won 2 medals at the 2009 Summer Universiade for Russia.
In 2011, they changed nationality and started to compete for Serbia. They won several medals for Serbia in international competitions. At the 2012 European Judo Championships they won 7th place and secured participation at the 2012 Olympic Games. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they competed in the -90 kg category, beating Roméo Koné Kinapéya in the first round before losing to eventual silver medalist Asley González in the second.
References
External links
JudoInside
Dmitri Gerasimenko biography and Olympic results at Sports-reference.com
1987 births
Living people
Olympic judoka of Serbia
Serbian male judoka
Russian male judoka
Judoka at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Serbian sambo practitioners
Serbian people of Russian descent
Serbian people of Ukrainian descent
Universiade medalists in judo
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Universiade silver medalists for Russia
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Judoka at the 2015 European Games
Sambo practitioners at the 2019 European Games
European Games medalists in sambo
European Games bronze medalists for Serbia
Medalists at the 2007 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2009 Summer Universiade
Naturalized citizens of Serbia
People from Zlatoust
Sportspeople from Chelyabinsk Oblast
A resistance economy, also known as a resistive economy () is an economy that tries to circumvent sanctions imposed on the country or region. This can involve increasing resilience by substituting local inputs for imported inputs, the smuggling of goods and an increase in barter trade. A country may even attempt to turn these pressures into opportunities. In some ways sanctioned economies bear some resemblance to an economy on a war or emergency footing.
Measuring economic activity in nations under sanctions requires different techniques than those used for other countries.
Terminology
This phrase first used by Ayatollah Khamenei Supreme Leader of Iran during a meeting with Iranian entrepreneurs as a response to the Western sanctions and subversion policies against Iran in 2011.
History
Gaza
The term was used in relation to the Gaza strip. In September 2007, Israel and Egypt imposed a blockade on Gaza, focused on weapons and construction materials that could be used for terrorist purposes. At its height, the blockade also limited agricultural imports and exports via Israel. Imports and exports via Egypt have been subject to varying Egyptian policies, with Egypt at times also greatly restricting traffic as an "anti-terrorist" measure. One 2011 conference paper by Salah R. Agha of the Islamic University of Gaza used the term "resistive economy" to describe the situation.
Iran
Iran has been under increasing sanctions owing to its disputed nuclear program. The response has emphasized reliance on domestic capacities, reducing dependence on oil exports and developing barter trade and an import substitution industrialization. As much as 70% of Iran's imports could be substituted by domestically produced products.
In detail, it encourages increased exports of electricity, gas, petrochemicals, and oil byproducts instead of crude oil and other raw materials, expansion of the production and exportation of knowledge-based products, increase in domestic production of strategic goods, development of markets in neighboring countries, reforming consumption patterns and fighting corruption.
Policies of resistance economy
The “Resistance Economy” is a concept defined by the Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei, an idea which they proposed in 2007. According to Khamenei, that resistance economy aims to promote economic self-reliance, a strategy that would defeat the US-led efforts against Iran via economic and trade sanctions while discouraging extravagant consumption, noting that “the resistance economy is an inspiring pattern of the Islamic economic system and a good chance to make an economic epic.”
Ali Khamenei specified the main aims of the economy of resistance as:
1. Creating dynamism
2. Resistance against threatening elements
3. Reliance on domestic capacities
4. Adopting a jihadi outlook
5. Making people the pivot
6. Security for strategic and fundamental goods
7. Reducing oil dependence
8. Reforming the norms of consumption (no decadence and waste)
9. Combating corruption
10. Promoting a knowledge-based economy
According to the Center for Preserving and Publishing the Works of the Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei stressed, "Following an indigenous scientific pattern, rooted in the revolutionary and Islamic culture, will lead to the defeat of enemies and their withdrawal from an imposed economic war against the Iranian nation".
“The Resistance Economy will also present an inspiring pattern of the Islamic economic system for the growing international crises and can prepare the ground for creating an economic epic.”
The 24-point general policies of Iran's Resistance Economy were set based on the Article 110 of the Constitution and after consulting with the Expediency Council.
The ideology of the Resistance Economy, with its core concepts of self-sufficiency, proclaims that the Islamic Republic can survive — and indeed flourish — despite the US-led sanctions.
See also
Sanctions against Iran
Protectionism
Mercantilism
References
Foreign relations of Iran
Economy of Iran
Gaza Strip
Protectionism
Stasys Šačkus (September 9, 1907 – November 9, 1985) was a Lithuanian athlete and basketball player.
Biography
In 1928, they graduated Marijampolė Gymnasium. Later studied humanities studies at Vytautas Magnus University. Stasys actively participated in sport, academic and political life.
In 1934, they graduated Department of Physical Education Academy in Berlin.
During occupation of Lithuania by Nazi Germany, they were member of Lithuanian Activist Front, participated in June Uprising. They also are member of Lithuanian Freedom Army. On October 18, 1945, they were exiled to Siberia by Soviet authorities and imprisoned in Vorkuta Gulag. They later returned to Lithuania.
Sporting activities
During their years in gymnasium, they became one of the best Lithuanian athlete. Before World War II, they accomplished pentathlon, pole vault and 110 meter hurdling records. Šačkus is the most famous for their discus throwing.  They are the first to overcome 40 meter point with their 44-meter result.
They participated in various athletics competitions in Berlin, London, New York City, Tallinn, Riga. They were the first Lithuanian sportsman to participate in the first athletics competition - 1934 European Athletics Championships in Turin, Italy.
In addition, Šačkus also was Lithuania national basketball team player, won EuroBasket gold medals for the first time in Lithuania history during EuroBasket 1937. They also won two gold medals in Lithuanian National Olympic Games. In 1939, they were the first Lithuanian to be awarded international category basketball referee name.
Later they were Republic Basketball Committee chairperson, gymnastics federation (LGSF) sports club "Vaidotas" member, LGSF football team manager. They were awarded honored coach name.
Sources
Vidas Mačiulis, Vytautas Gudelis. Halė, kurioje žaidė Lubinas ir Sabonis. 1939–1989 – Respublikinis sporto kombinatas, Kaunas, 1989
1907 births
1985 deaths
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Lithuanian men's basketball players
Gulag detainees
Megaluropidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Aurohornellia Barnard & Karaman, 1982
Gibberosus Thomas & Barnard, 1986
Magnovis Alves, Lowry & Johnsson, 2020
Megaloura Hoek, 1889
Megaluropus Hoek, 1889
Resupinus Thomas & Barnard, 1986
References
Amphipoda
Crustacean families
Veleda or Velleda may refer to:
Veleda, a priestess and prophet of the Germanic tribe of the Bructeri
Velléda, a cantata by Paul Dukas
Velleda (beetle), a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae
126 Velleda, an asteroid
Velleda, a work by Benedikte Naubert
Velleda, a registered trademark of Société Bic
The (Army March Collection), also known as the Prussian Army March Collection () refers to the basic catalog of works of German military march music.
Origins
The basis for the creation of an extensive set of scores for military brass bands lies in the highest cabinet order () of King Friedrich Wilhelm III of Prussia on 10 February 1817 requesting a selection of proven compositions for every regiment of infantry, cavalry and artillery:
Friedrich Wilhelm III's initial collection consisted of 36 slow marches and 36 quick marches for infantry.
This Army March Collection in time contained Prussian, Austrian and Russian marches, divided into three collections:
Collection I: Slow marches for infantry (115 marches)
Collection II: Parade (quick) marches for infantry (269 marches)
Collection III: Cavalry Marches (149 marches)
Marches in the third (cavalry) collection were first published by in Berlin beginning in 1824 and continued by in Berlin and finally in Leipzig (a project terminated at the end of World War I). This was titled Collection of Marches and Fanfares for Trumpet-Music for the Use of the Prussian Cavalry ().
All the marches incorporated into the army march collection have an official number including a Roman numeral designation (denoting collection) and an Arabic number (list number in the collection). Some well known examples:
"" (AM I, 1a und III, 1a)
"" (AM II, 198)
"" (AM III, 72)
"" (AM III, 1b)
"" (AM II, 195)
"" ("The Crusaders Fanfare") (AM III, 113)
"" (AM I, 100)
"" ("Finnish Cavalry March") (AM III, 70)
"" (AM II, 38)
"" (AM II, 113)
"" ("Prussia's Glory") (AM II, 240)
"" (AM II, 210)
"" (AM II, 103)
Austro-Hungarian list
A comprehensive and systematic collection of marches was also created for the (Imperial and Royal Austrian Army).
On March 24, 1894, the Imperial and Royal War Ministry issued an order ( no. 1157) to create the publication of a standardized list of marches. This order includes: "The Imperial War Ministry intends to revive and preserve the tradition of outstanding epochs in the history of our nation and army by compiling and publishing in uniform orchestrations the older historic marches which owe their fame to successes in war, as well as suitable marches that were dedicated to the memory of glorious regiments, famous generals, or regimental colonels-in-chief".
The official codification, the (Historical Marches and Other Compositions for the Imperial and Royal Army) was ready in time for Franz Joseph I of Austria's fiftieth jubilee year of 1898. Included were 49 marches and military tunes, including 36 officially recognized regimental marches arranged numerically by regiment: from the by to the (Anon).
The official branch marches of the artillery ("" composer unknown) and navy ("" by ) plus one of the military academy marches ("" by ) were also included in the publication.
By February 1914 there were assigned marches for the four s as well as 102 Infantry Regiments.
New collection
A new Army March Collection was decreed by the on May 15, 1925, under the supervision of military musician (who would serve as - Chief of Music for the Armed Forces 1929-1945). Old and newly composed marches were incorporated. Marches of the former Royal Prussian, Royal Bavarian, Royal Saxon, and Royal Württemberg Armies were now merged into one collection, alongside those of the lower ranking states of the former Empire. Preparation of this collection ended in 1945. It was now divided into four subgroups:
Collection I: Presentation Marches () for infantry (8 marches)
Collection II: Parade marches for infantry (38 marches)
Collection III: Cavalry marches in step (slow pace) (17 marches)
Collection IIIB: Cavalry marches in canter (fast pace) (83 marches)
The collection continued to grow and be divided into new distinct groups:
Collection I: Slow Marches for the infantry
Collection II: Quick Marches for the infantry
Collection III: Marches for Mounted Troops (cavalry) and field artillery
Collection IV: Miscellaneous Marches
Group IV was added in 1929 and included two subdivisions:
Collection IVa: Marches of quality and character of importance to particular regiments of the individual German states
Collection IVb: Marches for fifes and drums of the Royal Prussian Army regiments of 1806
In 1933 revised and renamed the collection to the . Marches infrequently performed were eliminated and marches of Saxony were added. Trots and gallops were added which caused Collection III to be divided into IIIa slow marches and IIIb trots and gallops. The was denoted as HM (and also VDHM, for ).
Some marches are noted as in both the AM and HM collections:
"" (AM II, 240 and HM II, 98)
"" (AM II, 103, and HM II, 5)
Two famous marches newly added in the revised numbering scheme:
"" (HM II, 150)
"" (HM II, 256)
Few of the most famed German march composers were incorporated in the or collections. Prolific and famed march composers , , , , , and are not included in the . Of these famous march composers, in the collection only ("", HM II, 152) and "" (HM II, 153); ("", HM II, 151); and ("", HM II, 150) are included. Reasons for their lack of inclusion are several: These composers not being in military service in their most productive years, their marches considered more suitable to concert rather than parade use, and finally their marches considered more technically difficult than those adopted for either the AM or HM collections.
In the early 1960s, (1908-1994), a military musician in the , was charged with yet another revision of the . selected the most famous works from the historic collection and assigned a new numbering system, returning to the older AM nomenclature:
Collection I: Parade Marches for Infantry () (19 Marches)
Collection I: Slow Marches for Infantry () (11 marches)
Collection I: Parade Marches for Mounted Troops () (17 marches)
Collection I: Tattoos () (4)
Collection I: Appendix (2 marches)
Collection II: Parade Marches for Infantry (64 marches)
Collection III: Parade Marches at the Trot and Canter () (35 marches)
The marches in Collection I are numbered 1-53, in Collection II 101-164, and in Collection III 201-235, for a total of 152 marches.
The German Wikipedia article on the includes a comprehensive list based on 's work :de:Armeemarschsammlung.
World War II-era marches
The only Luftwaffe march incorporated into the collection was 's "" HM II, 143 (added in 1933). 's march had won a competition in 1932 for army marches. (Chief of Music for the Air Force 13 August 1936 – 1945) chose "" as no. 47 for a collection of marches suitable for the new air force. At the same time, and created a containing approved national hymns and song adapted to marches plus a new set of marches for military bands.
Marches for the and its later equivalent included HM I, 60 "" (i.e. "") of Jacob Rauscher; HM I, 61 "" of ; HM II, 145 "" of Richard Thiele; and HM II, 156 "" of Erich Schumann. HM II, 130, the classic "Gruß an Kiel" composed in 1864 by , was also considered a navy march by the time it was adopted into the . Given the expansion of the fleet begun in 1890 under Kaiser Wilhelm II, "" was often used as a greeting to ships entering and exiting the port of Kiel. All of these marches were adopted into the in 1933 except "" which was adopted in 1939. A collection of songs for sailors (Blue Jacket Songs) was compiled by for the .
Post-World War II status
Many works from the older AM collection are missing original editions or are fragmentary. Some of the composers of the marches are unknown. The destruction of the Prussian State Archives in Potsdam in 1945 is partly to blame. The military music sections of the and private organizations are attempting to resolve this situation and keep this collection of marches from disappearing.
Discography
Several recordings have been made of marches from the with particulars about the collections. These include:
conducted by Wilhelm Stephan. A collection of 79 marches conducted by the military musician charged with reorganization of the . 5 LPs on Philips.
. BCD 7278 (5CDs) conducted by or . A collection of 124 marches which derive from the long playing record era including marches from Prussia, Hanover, Hesse, Bavaria, and Saxony.
. 6.23342 (LP) Conductors: and .
. 6.23341 Conductors: and .
. 6.30111 (3LPs) Conductors: and .
. K20C-345 (LP). ; Conductors: , , , and .
. 52 LPs and text supplements with Stadmusik (Vienna) conducted by Gustav Fischer and Militärmusik Burgenland conducted by .
. 6.40231 (LP) Conductors: and . – Prussian and Austrian Marches. 2721 077 (2 LPs) . Conductor: .
. TS 3276 (2 LPs) . Conductors: , , and . German cavalry marches and songs, 1928-1941 (CD) Brandenburg Historica BH0934 1928-1943 (CD) Brandenburg Historica BH0914 Music of the Imperial German Navy 1907-1917 (CD) Brandenburg Historica BH0918. Military and Patriotic Music of Imperial Germany, 1903-1917 (CD) Brandenburg Historica BH0901
Further reading
“Printed Editions of Music for Brass Bands and Military Bands by German and Austrian Publishers in the Second Half of the Nineteenth Century” in Brass Scholarship in Review: Proceedings of the Historic Brass Society. Pendragon Press, 2006, p. 171-185. .
Heilman, Jason Stephen. : Patriotic Music and Multinational Identity in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Duke University Department of Music dissertation, 2009. .
. . (some details on and the Luftwaffe marches)
Rehrig, William H. The Heritage Encyclopedia of Band Music: Composers and Their Music''. Vol.2. Westerville, Ohio: Integrity Press, 1991, p. 873-874. .
. . /.: , 1999. .
Toeche-Mittler, Joachim. . , . . 3 volumes:
Vol I. "". 1966.
Vol II. "". 1971.
Vol III. "". 1975.
German military marches
Thomas Brodrick may refer to:
Thomas Brodrick (1654–1730), Irish MP
Thomas Brodrick (naval officer) (1705–1769), Irish naval officer
Thomas Brodrick (1756–1795), Irish MP
Thomas Brodrick, mayor of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania 1880–1886
Thomas Brodrick (Royal Navy officer) (died 1769), British naval officer
See also
Brodrick Thomas (disambiguation)
Loch Loskin is a freshwater loch in Ardnadam, Argyll and Bute, Scotland. The outflow from the loch is the Milton Burn, which winds its way through Dunoon to the Firth of Clyde. The A885 from Sandbank known as the "High Road" locally passes the loch.
Nature
Fishing
Loch Loskin is stocked with brown trout by Dunoon and District Angling Club.
Loch Loskin Strathspey
The Loch Loskin strathspey was composed by Roderick Campbell.
References
External links
British Lakes Info website
Dunoon and District Angling Club
Loskin
Loskin
Cowal
Pi Ceti, Latinized from π Ceti, is the Bayer designation for a star system in the equatorial constellation of Cetus. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 4.238. Observed to have an Earth half yearly parallax shift of 8.30 mas, it is around 393 light years from the Sun.
This is a single-lined spectroscopic binary system with a nearly circular orbit and a period of 7.45 years. The fact that the system has a negligible eccentricity is surprising for such a long period, and may suggest that the secondary is a white dwarf that had its orbit circularized during a mass-transfer event.
The primary, component A, is a normal B-type star that has been given stellar classifications of B7 V and B7 IV. It appears very young – less than half a million years in age – and may still be on a pre-main sequence track. The star shows no magnetic field but it does emit an infrared excess.
Name
This star, along with ε Cet, ρ Cet and σ Cet, was Al Sufi's Al Sadr al Ḳaiṭos, the Whale's breast/chest (upper torso).
Per Jack Rhoads's Reduced Star Catalog Containing 537 Named Stars, Al Sufi's numerically ordered stars (1 to 4), were ρ (rho), σ (sigma), ε (epsilon) and this star.
In Chinese, (), meaning Celestial Meadows, refers to an asterism consisting of π Ceti, and 15 stars in Eridanus: γ, π, δ, ε, ζ, η, and the string of τ (Tau)1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9. Consequently, the Chinese name for the star is () meaning Celestial Meadows: seven.
References
B-type main-sequence stars
Spectroscopic binaries
Cetus (constellation)
Ceti, Pi
Ceti, 89
12770
017081
0811
BD-14 0519
Somdet Phra Sangharaja Chao Krommaluang Vajirañāṇasaṃvara (; ; 3 October 1913 – 24 October 2013), né Charoen Khachawat () and dharma name Suvaḍḍhano (), was the 19th Supreme Patriarch of Thailand. They were appointed to the position in 1989 by King Bhumibol Adulyadej. They turned 100 in October 2013, and died later the same month.
Early life
Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara, the 19th monk since the reign of Rama I to hold the title of Supreme Buddhist Patriarch (Sangharaja) of Thailand, was born on 3 October 1913 in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand (at about 4 a.m., in the modern calendar, 4 October). As a child they were interested in religion and monastic life; it is said that, as a child, they liked dressing up like a monk, and giving 'sermons' to their friends and family. They completed the equivalent of the 5th grade at a temple school near their home, and was then ordained as a Buddhist novice (samanera) at the age of 14.
Instruction in Pali and other fundamentals of Buddhist education were not readily available in their home province (a common problem in Thailand during the early 20th century), so Somdet Nyanasamvara traveled to a temple at Nakhon Pathom, 70 km away, where they spent two years studying Pali and Buddhist philosophy. They then moved to Wat Bovoranives in Bangkok, an important temple in the emergent Dhammayutt Order (Thai: Thammayuttika) reform movement, where they completed their basic studies and completed the highest level of Pali studies then available.
In 1933, Somdet Nyanasamvara returned to their old temple in Kanchanaburi to be ordained as a full-fledged monk (bhikkhu). After passing the better part of a year there, they again traveled to Wat Bovoranives, where they were re-ordained into the Dhammayutt Order, under the supervision of the 13th Thai Supreme Patriarch. During this period in Thailand, it was not uncommon for monks to seek re-ordination under the Dhammayutt Order if their initial ordination had been through a Mahanikaya lineage; the Dhammayutt Order was considered by many to be more careful in its observance of disciplinary rules, and enjoyed great support from the Thai monarchy.
Rise through the ranks
Following their full ordination, Somdet Nyanasamvara rose quickly through the ranks of the Thai Sangha. As Thai ecclesiastic titles often take the form of additions or alterations to monastic names, this necessitated a variety of changes of name and title during the next several years. In 1956, at the age of 43 and under the titular name Phra Dhammavarabhorn, they were appointed guardian and advisor to King Rama IX (Bhumibol Adulyadej) during their royal ordination (by tradition, all Thai monarchs serve as Buddhist monks prior to gaining the throne). Five years later, Somdet Nyanasamvara was named abbot of Wat Bovoranives.
In 1972, they were given the title Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara, the same basic title that they bear today. This was a special monastic title that had not been granted to a Thai bhikkhu in over 150 years. The granting of this title placed Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara in the top tier of the Thai monastic establishment, and set the stage for theirs being named Supreme Buddhist Patriarch of Thailand (Sangharaja, or "Lord of the Sangha") in 1989 by the king of Thailand.
Achievements and challenges
During their more than seventy years as a monk and novice, Somdet Nyanasamvara has held a variety of posts in the Thai ecclesiastic hierarchy. In these roles, they have always been concerned with promoting education, both religious and secular. They have assisted in the founding and construction of numerous schools, as well as sponsoring campaigns to build schools, temples, and hospitals in rural communities.
As abbot of Wat Bovoranives, they oversaw the renovation and expansion of this famed century-old monastery. Long interested in the meditation techniques of the Thai forest monks, Somdet Nyanasamvara has helped make their temple residence a center for meditation study and instruction in Bangkok, themselves delivering lectures on meditation and Buddhist teachings on two Uposatha days each month.
Somdet Nyanasamvara has also been active in teaching to both non-Thais and the international Thai emigrant community. Their recorded sermons and teachings are distributed among Thais living outside Thailand, particularly in areas where there is not access to temples or Theravada monks. Non-Thais have also been encouraged to study Buddhism; Wat Bovoranives is known as one of several monasteries in Thailand where Westerners can not only study, but also ordain either as full bhikkhu, or for a limited term (such as vassa) as a novice (samanera). A number of Somdet Nyanasamvara's books and talks have also been translated into English, and they have been involved in sponsoring the establishment of temples and monasteries outside Thailand.
Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara's tenure has probably been exposed to more criticism and controversy than that of any preceding Thai Sangharaja. A number of Thai monks – among them some prominent and popular religious leaders – became embroiled in scandal, with allegations ranging from sexual misconduct to corrupt fundraising schemes and involvement in organized crime. Changes in Thai society wrought by modernization began to impose on the traditional and conservative Sangha as well – including calls for greater rolls for laypeople and younger monks in religious affairs, and organized efforts both in Thailand and abroad to re-create the lost Theravada bhikkhuni (nun-priest) ordination.
Because of the convoluted governing structure of the Thai Sangha (which includes both ecclesiastic and civil officials) and the Patriarch's health problems, it is difficult to determine what, if any, role that Somdet Nyanasamvara has played in formulating a response to these challenges. Certainly, the course held by the Council of Elders has not strayed during their tenure; they continue to defrock those monks found guilty of the most flagrant offenses, and to strongly oppose any change in the official status of women in the Sangha. The Council (and, by implication, Somdet Nyanasamvara) have received criticism for not taking a more proactive role in reforming disciplinary standards and eliminating corruption.
Like its predecessors, the Council of Elders under Somdet Nyanasamvara has been very conservative and reluctant to act without great deliberation. There are some indications that this may be the best course for maintaining the confidence of the lay public; in the United States, for instance, some temples that have attempted to change the roles of Theravada monks have been met by a strong backlash from their lay communities. However, the troubles of the Catholic Church in the United States have offered a model of the possible consequences of failing to deal openly and swiftly with corruption and misconduct: an eventual meltdown, made worse by stop-gap attempts to preserve the people's faith in religious institutions, rather than dealing openly with problems.
Furthermore, educated Buddhist women and their supporters – Thais, Westerners, and others – continue to call for an expanded role for female Buddhists, with many calling for a rebirth of the Theravada bhikkhuni lineage. They are joined in this call not only by some laypeople, but by an increasing number of progressive monks. Some supporters of the recreation of the bhikkhuni lineage have already begun to take action, ordaining Buddhist nuns through recourse to the existing Chinese bhikkhuni lineage. The Council and secular authorities have condemned these actions, going so far as to arrest for impersonation of a member of the clergy at least one Thai woman who underwent the new bhikkhuni ordination (ordained bhikkhu have a different civil status in Thai society than non-ordained female followers, such as the mae jis).
The actions of Somdet Nyanasamvara and their Council (or, more likely, their successor and their Council) during the next few years may have a lasting impact on the Thai Sangha – either by beginning to resolve the troublesome questions that have arisen during the last half of the 20th century, or by deepening what could prove to be a pending crisis for Theravada as a whole.
Later life
By the late 1990s, the Patriarch's health was in serious decline. In early 1999, they stopped attending meetings of the Sangha Council. Their attendant and advisors and the other members of the council increasingly managed the day-to-day workings of the Thai Sangha without direct leadership from Somdet Nyanasamvara. By 2003, it was clear that the 90-year-old Sangharaja was unable to effectively fill the position to which they had been appointed. The government felt obliged to act, and appointed a committee of senior monks (selected by monastic rank, not age) to act on behalf of the Sangharaja. The move received widespread support; a poll conducted among Thai monks found that more than 70% supported the appointment of a representative for the Supreme Patriarch. Given the challenges facing the Thai Sangha, the appointment of the representative council seemed like an excellent move. Since the committee had the power to act on behalf of the patriarch, they had the opportunity to take up issues that may have been neglected during the absence of the Sangha Council's senior-most member.
However, the appointment of a committee to represent the Supreme Patriarch was not without some controversy. Monks close to Somdet Nyanasamvara's camp protested the move as a violation of Thailand's Sangha Act. Government officials countered that these individuals, fearing a loss of prestige or influence if the aging Patriarch was circumvented, were putting their own interests ahead of those of the Sangha. The controversy was further convoluted by lingering debates over the appointment of a second Sangharaja – one for the Dhammayutt Order, and one for the Mahanikaya Order. Some saw the appointment of the committee as an attempt to surreptitiously pave the way for a second patriarch, suspicions the government was quick to dismiss.
The Supreme Patriarch allowed materials from their temple, such as ash from incense and powder from bricks, to be made into controversial Jatukham Rammathep amulets. The popularity of the amulets, which are believed by some to have magical powers and cost up to 600,000 baht each, was such that in April 2007, a woman was crushed to death when thousands of people rushed into a school in Nakhon Si Thammarat to buy coupons they could exchange for the amulets. A few weeks after the death, the Supreme Patriarch stopped providing materials for the amulets.
In early 2004, Nyanasamvara was admitted to Chulalongkorn Hospital in Bangkok. They have continued to reside at the hospital since then, making only 2 public appearances outside the hospital- the latest in October 2005 to bestow blessings at a ceremony marking their 92nd birthday. By 2005, concerns about the role that the representative council would take were increasingly eclipsed by debate over succession. With the Patriarch's health continuing to decline, focus increasingly turned to Somdet Kiaw (known formally as Somdet Phutthacharn), abbot of Wat Saket. By the terms of Thailand's religious law – modified in 1991 to take the choice of the patriarch away from the king – Somdet Kiaw would become the next Sangharaja automatically. This development was vocally opposed by Phra Maha Bua, a popular monk often believed to be an enlightened arhat. Phra Maha Bua's supporters claimed that Somdet Kiaw earned their high position in the Sangha hierarchy through corruption and abuse of power, and that they deserved to be defrocked rather than promoted. The controversy gained national prominence when Sondhi Limthongkul and their People's Alliance for Democracy used it to criticize the Thaksin Shinawatra government.
The rancorous succession debate has brought to the forefront long-standing complaints against the amended 1962 Sangha Act (sometimes called the Ecclesiastic Bill) that defines the structure and governance of the Thai Sangha. Created during a period of military dictatorship, the 1962 Sangha Act stripped out democratic reforms that had accompanied King Mongkut's doctrinal and disciplinary reforms. The act lent greater power to the roll of the Sangharaja, and structured the Sangha along according to a strict hierarchy that stifled dissent and provided few significant roles for younger monks. Thus, while Somdet Nyanasamvara's health has prevented them from taking an active role in reforming the Thai Sangha during the past several years, their death may prompt the biggest reform of all: the creation of a new Sangha Act that will define a more democratic leadership structure for Thailand's largest religious organization.
References
External links
English web-page of Birth and Early Life
Entry on Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara Suvaddhana Mahathera at Everything2
An extensive biography of Somdet Phra Nyanasamvara, including details about their various posts and titles.
A smaller bio, containing a much more streamlined overview.
English website of the Supreme Patriarch
1913 births
2013 deaths
Thai centenarians
Thai Theravada Buddhist monks
Supreme Patriarchs of Thailand
People from Kanchanaburi province
Men centenarians
Guillermo "Guille" Méndez Pereiro (born 31 January 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Praviano as a forward.
Club career
Méndez was born in San Esteban de Pravia, Asturias. A product of Sporting de Gijón's prolific youth academy, Mareo, they made it to the B-team during the 2010–11 season at the age of 18, with the side playing in the third division.
Méndez made their first-team – and La Liga – debut on 21 November 2010, entering the pitch in the 81st minute of a 0–1 away loss against CA Osasuna. In the following months, they continued to appear exclusively for the reserves.
In January 2012, Méndez moved to neighbouring Marino de Luanco (third level), on loan until end of the campaign.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Avilés (comarca)
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Asturias
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Sporting de Gijón B players
Sporting de Gijón players
Marino de Luanco footballers
Rayo Cantabria players
Real Avilés CF footballers
UP Langreo footballers
Spain youth international footballers
Callistege intercalaris is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found from Arizona to Texas.
The wingspan is 30–33 mm. Adults are on wing from July to September.
References
External links
Moths described in 1882
Callistege
The Light Transport Brigade (, ) was a military unit of the Independent State of Croatia's Croatian Home Guard which fought alongside the Royal Italian Army on the Eastern Front. It was attached to the 3rd Cavalry Division of the 8th Italian Army, which was in turn subordinate to the German Army Group B.
The legion was composed of about 1,215 volunteers divided into 3 Infantry Companies, 1 Machine-Gun Company, 1 (81mm) Mortar Company and 1 (65mm) Artillery Battery.
The unit was formed by Italian request in July 1941, after a meeting between Italian General Antonio Oxilio, delivering a letter from the Italian High Command, and Poglavnik Ante Pavelić. However, it remained in the Independent State of Croatia until December when it was finally moved to Italy. Upon completion of their training the unit was visited by Croatian field marshal Slavko Kvaternik in early 1941. By 16 April 1942 it arrived on the Eastern Front. It fought until December 1942 when it was destroyed by the Red Army around the Don River in the Battle of Stalingrad. The unit was commemorated with a stamp featuring a soldier in the Don region. Proceeds went to the families of legionnaires.
In 2008, 16 soldiers' remains were returned to Croatia.
References
Collaborators with Nazi Germany
Collaborators with Fascist Italy
Croatian Home Guard (World War II)
There have been two baronetcies created for members of the Codrington family, one in the Baronetage of Great Britain and one in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom. The family was for a long time connected with Dodington Park.
The Codrington baronetcy, of Dodington in the County of Gloucester, was created in the Baronetage of Great Britain on 21 April 1721 for William Codrington, the first cousin and heir of Christopher Codrington, owner of large plantations in the West Indies. They later represented Minehead in the House of Commons. The second Baronet sat as a Member of Parliament for Beverley and Tewkesbury. They disinherited their son, Sir William, the third Baronet, and bequeathed their estates to their nephew Christopher Bethell-Codrington (1764–1843), the eldest son of their brother Edward Codrington, fourth son of the first Baronet. Bethell-Codrington also became a Member of Parliament for Tewkesbury.
Among other members of the Codrington family who have gained distinction are Christopher Codrington (died 1698), uncle of the first Baronet, who was Governor of the Leeward Islands and made the family fortune; Sir Edward Codrington, son of Edward Codrington, younger brother of Christopher Bethell-Codrington, who was an admiral in the Royal Navy and a hero of the Battle of Trafalgar; their elder son Sir William Codrington, who was a lieutenant-general in the Army and represented Greenwich in the House of Commons; and their younger son, Sir Henry Codrington, who became an admiral of the fleet.
The Codrington baronetcy, of Dodington in the County of Gloucester, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 25 February 1876 for Gerald Codrington, a grandson of the Christopher Bethell-Codrington mentioned above. Their father, Sir Christopher William Codrington (1805–1864), also served as a Member of Parliament for East Gloucestershire from 1834 to 1864, and married a daughter of the 7th Duke of Beaufort, another substantial landowner in the county.
Codrington baronets, of Dodington (1721)
Sir William Codrington, 1st Baronet (died 1738)
Sir William Codrington, 2nd Baronet (1719–1792)
Sir William Codrington, 3rd Baronet (–1816)
Sir William Raimond Codrington, 4th Baronet (1805–1873)
Sir William Mary Joseph Codrington, 5th Baronet (1829–1904)
Sir William Robert Codrington, 6th Baronet (1867–1932)
Sir William Richard Codrington, 7th Baronet (1904–1961)
Sir William Alexander Codrington, 8th Baronet (1934–2006)
Sir Giles Peter Codrington, 9th Baronet (born 1943)
The heir apparent to the baronetcy is Christopher Harry Codrington (born 1988), the eldest son of the 9th Baronet.
Codrington baronets, of Dodington (1876)
Sir Gerald William Henry Codrington, 1st Baronet (1850–1929)
Sir Christopher William Gerald Henry Codrington, 2nd Baronet (1894–1979)
Sir Simon Francis Bethell Codrington, 3rd Baronet (1923–2005)
Sir Christopher George Wayne Codrington, 4th Baronet (born 1960)
The heir apparent to the baronetcy is William George Bethell Codrington (born 2003)
References
Sources
https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-10852168
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Baronetcies in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1721 establishments in Great Britain
1876 establishments in the United Kingdom
Codrington family
Austroglossus is a genus of soles native to the Atlantic coast of southern Africa.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Austroglossus microlepis (Bleeker, 1863) (West coast sole)
Austroglossus pectoralis (Kaup, 1858) (Mud sole)
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Charles Tate Regan
Little Miss Lake Panasoffkee, or Little Miss Panasoffkee, is the name given to an unidentified young woman found murdered on February 19, 1971, in Lake Panasoffkee, Florida, United States. They have remained unidentified for 50 years.
The murder remains unsolved despite the forensic reconstruction of the victim's face in 1971 and 2012. The case was featured on the television show Unsolved Mysteries in an episode that premiered on October 14, 1992.
Discovery of the body
On February 19, 1971, two teenage hitchhikers discovered a partially submerged figure floating beneath a highway overpass in Lake Panasoffkee, Florida.
The body was dressed in a green shirt, green plaid pants, and a green floral poncho. Also found were a white gold watch and a gold necklace. On their ring finger there was a gold ring with a transparent stone, indicating that they may have been married.
A forensic examination of the remains was conducted by Dr. William Schutze. Schutze concluded that the victim had been killed approximately 30 days before their body was discovered. A man's size-36 belt was fastened around their neck, strongly indicating strangulation as the cause of death.
Forensic examination
The body was exhumed in February 1986 for further forensic examination.
The woman was determined to have been between 17 and 24 years old when they died, weighing about 115 pounds. They had brown hair and prominent cheekbones. They were between 5 feet, 2 inches and 5 feet, 5 inches in height. They had received extensive dental work, including numerous silver tooth fillings. They had a porcelain crown on one of their upper right teeth.
It was determined that they had borne at least two children before their death. One of their ribs had been fractured at the time of death, leading investigators to theorize that the killer had possibly knelt on them while they strangled them with the belt.
Investigators initially believed the woman to be either of European or Native American ancestry. A further exhumation and examination of the remains, conducted in 2012, established that they were of European descent. An examination of Harris lines in the victim's bones indicated that an illness or malnutrition had briefly arrested their growth in childhood.
Examining the lead isotopes in the victim's teeth, a geological scientist deduced that the victim had undoubtedly spent their childhood and adolescence in southern Europe close to the sea—most likely south of the Greek city of Athens—until within a year of their murder. The geological scientist George Kamenov pinpointed the most likely place as the fishing port of Laurium, Greece.
Given that there is a large Greek-American population in Tarpon Springs (about from Lake Panasoffkee), and that the victim had been dead for about 30 days and had likely lived in Greece, it was possible to conclude that they had traveled to the United States to attend an Epiphany celebration.
Forensic examination of their hair supported the theory that they had been visiting temporarily. This was indicated by the fact that they had been in Florida for less than two months before their death.
An orthopedic surgery procedure, known as the "Watson-Jones" technique, had been performed on their right ankle when they were about 16 years old. This operation—which involved stretching the tendon by screws drilled into the bone—would most likely have been performed to rectify a chronic instability which would likely have seen the victim sprain their ankle several times before the operation. Periostitis was found in their right leg, which may have been noticeably uncomfortable for the victim.
A further development with the case occurred when it was featured on a Greek crime show. A woman came forward to say that they believed the facial reconstructions looked like a girl they knew, called Konstantina. They and Konstantina attended a prep school in Greece, where they were trained to be domestic help. After finishing the course, the school sent their students abroad to Australia or America as part of a two-year work contract. The school was funded by the International Organization for Migration. This woman had lost contact with Konstantina when they were separated, Konstantina was sent to America and the woman was sent to Australia. Konstantina had arrived in America at exactly the same time as the forensic testing indicated the victim had.
Facial reconstructions
A collection of forensic facial reconstructions were made in the 1980s to show what Little Miss Lake Panasoffkee may have looked like at stages of their life. In 2012, another composite was created, visually different from the first. The composite was combined with a scale model of the victim's clothing.
See also
List of murdered American children
List of unidentified murder victims in Florida
List of unsolved murders
References
Cited works and further reading
External links
20th-century births
1971 deaths
1971 in Florida
1971 murders in the United States
Deaths by person in Florida
Deaths by strangulation in the United States
Female murder victims
Greek people murdered abroad
History of women in Florida
Incidents of violence against women
Murdered American children
People from Sumter County, Florida
People murdered in Florida
Unidentified American children
Unidentified murder victims in Florida
Unsolved murders in the United States
Violence against women in the United States
Kosmos 615 ( meaning Cosmos 615), also known as DS-P1-I No.13 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1973 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
Launch
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 11:10:03 UTC on 13 December 1973.
Orbit
Kosmos 615 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 95.7 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 17 December 1975.
Kosmos 615 was the thirteenth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1973 in spaceflight
References
1973 in spaceflight
Kosmos 0615
1973 in the Soviet Union
Spacecraft launched in 1973
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Michael Blue (born 3 March 1966) is an English music producer, songwriter, engineer and mixer best known for their work with Colbie Caillat, Jason Reeves, Jason Mraz, Five For Fighting and OneRepublic, better known under the stage name Mikal Blue. Originally from County Durham, England, Mikal Blue is currently based in Los Angeles and works from their studio Revolver Recordings in Thousand Oaks, California. In addition to their work as a producer, songwriter, engineer, mixer and instrumentalist, Blue has worked in developing acts such as Augustana, OneRepublic, Colbie Caillat, Angel Taylor, Chandler Juliet and Kevin Hammond.
Mikal Blue is represented exclusively by Global Positioning Services in Santa Monica, California.
Partial production discography
References
1966 births
Living people
English audio engineers
English record producers
English male singer-songwriters
Anthology 1992–1994 is a compilation album by American electro-industrial group Spahn Ranch, released on June 13, 2000, by Cleopatra Records.
Music
The album comprises the band's first four releases: Spahn Ranch (1992), Collateral Damage (1993) and The Blackmail Starters Kit (1994) and Breath and Taxes (1994). The collection also features three songs previously unreleased in Spahn Ranch's main discography: "Machine Politics" from The Whip (1993), "Failsafe" from The Colours of Zoth Ommog (1994) and "Reinventing Gravity", which was originally credited to Coersion, from Trance in Your Mind: The Unstoppable Trance Machine (1994). The track "Tour Intro 1994" was recorded during a live performance in New York City.
Reception
AllMusic awarded Anthology 1992–1994 four out of five stars and said "noisy, abrasive and forceful, Ranch provided some of the most memorable industrial grooves of the 1990s." Music critic Dave Thompson emphasized the importance of the collection by noting that its release was long overdue.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Scott Franklin – lead vocals (2.11–2.14)
Matt Green – sampler, keyboards, production (1.1–1.11), mixing (1.1–1.11), remixer (1.3, 2.3), guitar and bass (2.11–2.14)
Harry Lewis – percussion (1.12, 1.13, 2.1, 2.2, 2.4, 2.6, 2.7)
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals (1.1–1.13, 2.1–2.10), mixing (1.1–1.13), remixer (2.4)
Rob Morton – programming, sampler, production (1.1–1.11, 2.11–2.14), loops (1.1–1.11), mixing (1.1–1.13)
Production and design
Judson Leach – engineering, mixing (1.12, 1.13, 2.1–2.7), additional programming (1.4, 2.5), remixer (2.1–2.4)
Eunah Lee – design
Rod O'Brien – production, engineering and mixing (2.11–2.14)
Release history
References
External links
Anthology 1992–1994 at iTunes
Anthology 1992–1994 at Discogs (list of releases)
2000 compilation albums
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records compilation albums
The Studio Graton, or Studio Jean Graton is a drawing studio that helped French cartoonist Jean Graton draw various comics series, among them the famous series Michel Vaillant.
History
In 1962, Jean Graton hires an assistant, the young Christian Denayer, to help them with the drawing of the sets and cars and the colorization of the Michel Vaillant plates. After eight years of collaboration, Denayer left to work for Tibet and what was already the embryo of the Graton Studio was expanded to include Daniel Bouchez and Christian Lippens.
The studio was created by Jean Graton in the mid 1980s, contributing to several albums. It was made up of various drawers. In the 1990, a new generation of artists came, and the studio was in charge of all the drawings when Jean Graton withdrawn in 2003. It is now led by Philippe Graton, the son of Jean Graton, who has designed the scenarios of the series since the 1994.
Publications
Michel Vaillant
Les dossiers Michel vaillant
List of current artists
Christian Papazoglakis
Nedzad Kamenica
Robert Paquet
External links
Official website
Artist-run centres
Comics studios
Michel Vaillant
Lieutenant-General James Tyrrell (c. 1674 – 30 August 1742) of Shotover, Oxfordshire, was a British Army officer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1722 to 1742.
Background
Tyrrell was the only son of James Tyrrell of Oakley, Buckinghamshire and their wife Mary Hutchinson, daughter of Sir Michael Hutchinson. Their father began construction of Shotover Park in Oxfordshire in the early 18th century and James completed it after their father's death in 1718.
Tyrrell joined the army and was an ensign in a regiment of foot on 6 February 1694 and served under King William III in the Netherlands. They distinguished themselves in the wars of Queen Anne and was promoted to the colonelcy of a newly raised regiment of foot in April 1709. At the peace of Utrecht their regiment was disbanded, and in 1715 they raised a regiment of dragoons for the service of King George I, which was disbanded in November 1718. On 7 November 1722 the King gave them the colonelcy of the 17th Regiment of Foot. Tyrrell was promoted to the rank of brigadier-general in 1727, to that of major-general in 1735, and lieutenant-general in 1739.
On the accession of King George I in 1714 Tyrrell was made a Groom of the Bedchamber, serving as a member of the royal household until the King's death in 1727.
At the 1722 British general election, Tyrrell was returned as Member of Parliament for Boroughbridge, one of the Duke of Newcastle's pocket boroughs. They voted consistently with the Government in that parliament and after they were returned in 1727, 1734 and 1741. They were appointed as Governor of Pendennis Castle and Gravesend and Tilbury in 1737 and as Governor of Berwick-upon-Tweed in May 1742.
Tyrrell died unmarried on 30 August 1742.
References
1670s births
1742 deaths
British Army generals
Royal Leicestershire Regiment officers
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
Disappearance at Devil's Rock is a horror novel by American writer Paul G. Tremblay. The novel received the 2017 British Fantasy Award for best horror novel. It was nominated for the Horror Writers Association's Bram Stoker Award for Novel in 2017.
Plot
A thirteen-year-old boy named Tommy Sanderson goes missing after spending time with their friends, Josh Griffin and Luis Fernandez, at Borderland State Park in Massachusetts. Their mom Elizabeth, younger sister Kate, and grandmother are thrown into disarray as strange events begin occurring; a mysterious apparition appears in their mother's room and discarded pages from their journal that may provide potential clues as to their whereabouts begin to surface.
The investigation, led by Allison Murtaugh, slowly reveals some of the strange events leading up to the disappearance. At the center of it all is a man named Rooney Flannery, who moonlights as a man named Arthur. Arthur claims to be a "seer" and ends up giving all three boys a harrowing backstory of satanic activity at Split Rock. This backstory may or may not connect to Tommy's disappearance.
Reception
Jason Heller of NPR wrote that the novel "takes the simple premise of a lost child and twists it into a dizzying emotional vortex" and that "the most powerful aspect of 'Disappearance' ... is its immediacy. Tremblay doesn't shout or gesticulate. They whisper their tale, punctuating it with the 'clicks and whirrs' of an air conditioner or the life-mocking ring of a child's bicycle bell."
References
2016 American novels
American horror novels
Novels by Paul Tremblay
Novels set in Massachusetts
Lara Arruabarrena and Lourdes Domínguez Lino were the defending champions, but they decided not to participate this year.
Yuliya Beygelzimer and Olga Savchuk won the title, defeating first-seeded Klára Koukalová and Monica Niculescu in the final, 6–4, 5–7, [10–7].
Seeds
Draw
References
Main draw
BNP Paribas Katowice Open - Doubles
2014 Doubles
The Public Service Building is a historic building at 344-354 N. Milwaukee Avenue in Libertyville, Illinois. The commercial block was built in 1928 for utility magnate Samuel Insull. Architect Hermann V. von Holst designed the building, which has an eclectic style mainly influenced by the Gothic Tudor Revival and Plateresque styles. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
History
Samuel Insull, a former associate of Thomas Edison who developed and controlled much of the Midwestern utilities market, commissioned the building in 1928. Insull had lived in Libertyville since 1907, and they owned the Libertyville Trust and Savings Bank along with many other banks throughout the Midwest. The two-story building included commercial space on its first floor and offices and apartments on its second. In addition to renting the space within it, Insull also intended for the building to highlight the power of electricity and, in turn, the importance of their work to expand it. The building's initial tenants included Insull's own bank, a Chevrolet dealership, clothing stores, and dentists and small companies in the office space.
Shortly after the building opened, the Great Depression bankrupted Insull, and they lost both their assets and their influence. Without an involved owner, the building fell into disrepair in the ensuing decades. A new owner renovated the building in the 1950s, resulting in both the bank's return to the building and new shops opening there. Another renovation took place in 1982, and the building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 8, 1983.
Architecture
Chicagoan Hermann V. von Holst designed the Public Service Building. von Holst was known both for their work as an academic architect and for purchasing Frank Lloyd Wright's Chicago practice in 1909 when Wright moved to Europe. They had designed buildings for Insull and their utility companies for decades, but due to Insull's ensuing bankruptcy, the Public Service Building proved to be the last they would collaborate on.
von Holst's design for the building incorporates several architectural styles. The Gothic Tudor Revival style is most prominent throughout the building, but it also includes elements of Spanish and Indian architecture. As the building occupies a corner lot, it has two fronts, which are joined by a corner tower with a cupola. The stone facade of the bank's original space has a Plateresque design, a Spanish style which von Holst used to convey sturdiness. While the building initially included a central arcade, it was enclosed during its renovations; the arcade's west entrance, however, still stands, and it features a dome and a Seth Thomas clock.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Libertyville, Illinois
Commercial buildings completed in 1928
Tudor Revival architecture in Illinois
Gothic Revival architecture in Illinois
Nadur Youngsters Football Club is a Maltese Football Club from the village of Nadur, on the island of Gozo, Malta.
The club was founded in 1958 and won the Gozo Football League thirteen times and has achieved the Golden Star for sports excellence. The team currently competes in the Gozo Football League First Division. Nadur Youngsters is one of the most popular football teams in Gozo and brings up young players from the village every year.
Achievements
League Champions
Winners (13): 1967/68, 1994/95, 1995/96, 1996/97, 1998/99, 2001/02, 2002/03, 2005/06, 2006/07, 2007/08, 2012/13, 2019/20, 2021/22
Independence Cup
Winners (11): 1967/68, 1989/90, 1993/94, 1994/95, 1995/96, 2001/02, 2004/05, 2005/06, 2006/07, 2007/08, 2012/13
Gozo FA Cup
Winners (9): 1987–1988, 1992–1993, 1993–1994, 1994–1995, 1995–1996, 2003–2004, 2010–11, 2013–14, 2021–22
Super Cup
Winners (8): 1993/94, 1994/95, 1997/98, 2002/03, 2006/07, 2012/13, 2013/14, 2019/20
Freedom Day Cup
Winners (5): 2001/02, 2002/03, 2004/05, 2006/07, 2012/13
Galea Cup
Winners (3): 1961/62, 1963/64, 1964/65
Esso Cup
Winners (2): 1962/63, 1969/70
1st Division K.O
Winners (2): 2014/15, 2021/22
Republic Cup
Winners (1): 1997/98
Noel Vassallo Cup
Winners (1): 2002/03
Premier Cup
Winners (1): 1996/97
Air Malta Cup
Winners (1): 1995/96
2nd Division League Champions
Winners (1): 1989/90
2nd Division Cup
Winners (1): 1989/90
Club Officials and Coaching staff
President: Tristen Portelli
Sponsor: Joseph Portelli
Secretary: Jean Pierre Saliba
Tresurer: Derek Borg
Ass. Seceretary: Edgar Portelli
Ass. Tresurer: Renald Xuereb
Ground/Nursery Manager: Joe Portelli
Ass. Ground/Nursery Manager: Franco Borg
Kit Manager: Joseph Said
Kit Manager: Mario Pace
PRO: Edgar Portelli
Accountant: Buttigieg Accounts
Events: Mario Mercieca
Events:: Paul Azzopardi
Events:: Rupert Grech
Club Chaplain: Dun Karm Portelli
Club Doctor: Dr. Mario Saliba
Club Physio: Andrew Cassar
Coach: Mark Buttigieg
Ass Coach: Paul Camilleri
Goalkeeper Coach: Sammy Attard
Current squad
Recent seasons
Presidential history
References
External links
Gozo Football Association
Football clubs in Malta
Gozitan football clubs
1958 establishments in Malta
Nadur
Kosmos 849 ( meaning Cosmos 849), also known as DS-P1-I No.17 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1976 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 09:30 UTC on 18 August 1976.
Kosmos 849 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 96 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 24 April 1978.
Kosmos 849 was the seventeenth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1976 in spaceflight
References
1976 in spaceflight
Kosmos satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1976
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
Diversion of Angels, initially titled Wilderness Stair, is a Martha Graham ballet performed to an original score by Norman Dello Joio. The premiere on August 13, 1948, at the Palmer Auditorium in New London, Connecticut, included a set designed by Isamu Noguchi. It was eliminated at the second performance. Diversion of Angels is in the Martha Graham Dance Company repertoire and that of American Ballet Theatre (since 1999).
Premieres and reception
Following the 1948 premiere, reviewer Frances Herridge described Wilderness Stair as a far cry from a significant addition to the Graham repertoire, being "without story or discernible comment" and lacking a performance by Graham. However, as an ensemble piece for the troupe, they thought it "superb."
On March 20, 1949, the dance was reintroduced with the title Diversion of Angels at the Eighth Street Theatre in Chicago. The New York premiere took place later on January 22, 1950 at the 46th Street Theater. For this performance, Yuriko replaced May O'Donnell.
Theme and structure
Although the dance is story-less, Graham described it as a representation of three aspects of love. It may also be interpreted as three facets of one woman's character. Some Graham scholars claim the paintings of Wassily Kandinsky influenced the work.
The piece is staged for three couples and a corps de ballet. The women are costumed in yellow, red or white; the men, and corps members, are dressed in beige. The original performers were Helen McGehee and Stuart Hodes as Adolescent Love (yellow), Pearl Lang and Robert Cohan as Romantic Love (red) and Natanya Neumann and Mark Ryder as Mature Love (white). Dorothea Douglas, Joan Skinner, Dorothy Berea, Erick Hawkins, May O'Donnell and Dale Sehnert completed the cast. Romantic Love was renamed Erotic Love during the 1980s.
At the ballet's premiere, the program notes contained a Ben Belitt poem referencing the action, “It is the place of the Rock and Ladder, the raven, the blessing, the tempter, the rose. It is the wish of the single-hearted, the undivided; play after the spirit's labor; games, flights, fancies, configurations of the lover's intention; the believed Possibility, at once strenuous and tender; humors of innocence, garlands, evangels, Joy on the wilderness stair; diversion of angels.”
In comparison to much of Graham's oeuvre, the ballet is joyful, exuberant and lyrical.
References
Ballets by Martha Graham
1948 ballet premieres
1949 ballet premieres
1950 ballet premieres
Ballets with sets by Isamu Noguchi
Henry Needler (1685–1760) was a British musician and prolific music transcriber. They joined the Academy of Ancient Music in 1728 (shortly after its founding), and transcribed a number of works of what was then termed "ancient" music from the 16th and 17th centuries that was no longer contemporary. Twenty-six volumes of their manuscripts are in the British Library, among which are six volumes of works by Palestrina.
References
1685 births
1760 deaths
British performers of early music
British classical musicians
British writers about music
Events from the year 1689 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Christian V
Events
April 19 – Sophie Amalienborg burns down when a stage decoration catches fire during an opera performance in connection with the king's birthday a few days earlier. 170 people are killed, including many prominent citizens.
November 10 – Reformed Church in Copenhagen is consecrated.
Undated
Births
Full date unknown
Deaths
March 26 – Gabriel Milan, governor (born c. 1631)
See also
References
October Christopher Heins, governor-general
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Macarena Escudero (born c. 1990) is an activist in the Socialist Workers' Party (Argentina), and a leader of its youth wing.
In 2014 they were elected as a Mendoza city councilor, and in June 2015 they were elected as a Mendoza provincial deputy.
External links
article on 2015 election
video of them taking their seat in 2014
21st-century Argentine women politicians
Socialist Workers' Party (Argentina) politicians
People from Mendoza, Argentina
1990s births
Living people
Hans F. Raffert (March 11, 1927 – March 3, 2005) was a German American chef who was White House Executive Chef from 1988 to 1992. They were the first White House chef to annually build a gingerbread house for the Executive Residence's Christmas holiday decorations.
Early life and work
Raffert was born March 11, 1927, in Hildesheim, Germany. Their father was a baker, which sparked their interest in cooking. At the age of 14, as was typical for boys in Germany at the time, they entered an apprenticeship, and chose cooking as a career. They worked four days a week, and spent two days in school. Their apprenticeship ended in 1941 when they were 17. With World War II raging, they chose to enlist in the Kriegsmarine, the Nazi German navy. Enlisting meant that they would avoid being conscripted into the Wehrmacht, where they were much more likely to die. As a cook in the navy, they also avoided much of the hunger that afflicted the average German during the latter part of the war.
Raffert trained at a number of hotels and resorts in West Germany after the war. In 1951 they moved to Switzerland, but emigrated to Stockholm, Sweden, in 1952 in order to take advantage of the immense demand for chefs generated by the 1952 Winter Olympics in nearby Oslo, Norway. They spent the next seven and a half years in Sweden, working a various hotel. For three and a half of these years, they worked aboard cruise ships of the Swedish American Line, during which they made three around-the-world cruises.
After spending the summer of 1957 working in York, United Kingdom, they emigrated to the United States even though they spoke very little English. They spent about a year working at hotels in New York City, including the Hotel McAlpin. They then moved to Washington, D.C., where they spent eight years working as the chef de cuisine (executive chef) at the Hotel Washington. They became a naturalized citizen of the United States in 1966.
White House years
In 1969, White House Executive Chef Henry Haller hired Raffert as sous-chef in the White House. Raffert was one of only six staff members on the White House kitchen staff. (The staff consisted of the executive chef, a sous-chef, a kitchen assistant, the pastry chef, a pastry assistant, and a pot-washer.) Due to a delay in obtaining their security clearance, Raffert did not arrive at the White House until the day before Haller was due to leave for vacation. This left Raffert having to oversee planning, preparation, and cooking for a state dinner for West German Chancellor Willy Brandt three days later. In November 1969, Raffert created the first official White House gingerbread house.
Haller retired on October 1, 1987, and was replaced by chef Jon Hill. But Hill proved unpopular with First Lady Nancy Reagan, and resigned on January 8, 1988, after just five months on the job. Raffert was appointed Acting Executive Chef on January 9. Raffert was permanently named to the position on March 3. Although the White House interviewed several candidates, Raffert's experience on the job and the high level of competency they displayed during their one and a half months as Acting Executive Chef convinced the First Lady that Raffert was the right candidate for the job. They were the first White House Executive Chef to be promoted from within the ranks, rather than be brought in from outside the White House. Their salary in 1969 was $13,389 a year.
During their time at the White House, as sous-chef and executive chef, Raffert planned, prepared, and cooked for the First Family as well as for state dinners and other formal and informal social functions at the White House. Among some of the major events they cooked for were a "welcome home" for 1,200 former Vietnam War prisoners of war on the South Lawn of the White House on May 24, 1973, and a September 1978 dinner for 1,300 on the South Lawn to celebrate the signing of the Camp David accords. They enjoyed cooking for the First Family very much. First Lady Pat Nixon liked roast duck (a Raffert favorite as well), while President Jimmy Carter and their family a large meant on Sundays after church and were very much like the average American family. (First Daughter Amy Carter would bake cookies in the White House kitchen, overseen by Raffert.) They also approved of the way First Lady Nancy Reagan handled state dinner menus, personally approving the food and wine choices rather than allowing a committee of staff to argue at length over them. Raffert was the first White House chef to create a gingerbread house as part of the Executive Residence Christmas decorations.
Raffert was 60 when they became Executive Chef, and retired in October 1992 just before they turned 65. A confessed "nibbler" as they cooked, Raffert lost after retiring. Frank Ruta, a Washington, D.C.-based chef who trained under Raffert at the White House, later said "Hans was a guy that could do it all. They could do it all, and they could do it all quickly, efficiently, neatly. They were just a walking encyclopedia of classical cooking."
Personal life and death
Raffert's marriage to their first wife, Annemarie (a native of Austria who emigrated to the United States when they were 16 years old), ended in divorce. They had a son, Patrick. Raffert married their second wife, Doris (a medical secretary), in 1976. The couple lived in Alexandria, Virginia.
Raffert died on March 3, 2005, in Alexandria. They were survived by their wife, Doris, and their son, Patrick, as well as a brother, Konrad Raffert of Clarksburg, Maryland. A funeral Mass was held at St. Louis Catholic Church in Alexandria. They were cremated, and inurned at Mount Comfort Cemetery in Alexandria, Virginia.
References
1927 births
2005 deaths
American chefs
American male chefs
German chefs
White House Executive Chefs
People from Hildesheim
People from Alexandria, Virginia
German emigrants to the United States
American Roman Catholics
The Hermagoras Society ( or ) is Slovenia's oldest publishing house and has branches in Klagenfurt (Austria), Celje (Slovenia), and Gorizia (Italy). Named after Catholic Saint Hermagoras of Aquileia it originated on July 27, 1851 at the behest of Bishop Anton Martin Slomšek for the purpose of instructing Slovenes in reading and writing. Authorities formally recognized the organization in 1853 and in 1871 association opened its new building and publishing house. By 1918 the society had over 90,000 members and had published more than 16.3 million books. Following the results of the 1920 Carinthian plebiscite the seat was transferred from Klagenfurt to Celje. In 1940 during World War II both the Klagenfurt and Celje locations were closed down by the Nazis, who confiscated the printing presses and destroyed books.
After World War II ended, the printing presses were returned, and the Hermagoras Society resumed operation in 1945 and the printing house reopened in 1954. Since then the Gorizia branch of the Hermagoras Society has published the monthly magazine Družina in Dom (Family and Home) and the encyclopedia Primorski Biografski Leksikon (Encyclopedia of Littoral Biography). The branch cooperates with the Klagenfurt location in publishing an annual almanac (Slov. Koledar). The Celje location, meanwhile, was nationalized after World War II and forced to publish exclusively socialist materials until 1970, when it was reorganized. While its membership has fluctuated from 60,000 members in 1970 to 25,000 in 1990, as of 1991 it remained one of the three largest publishers in Slovenia.
In 2001 the Hermagoras Society celebrated its 150th anniversary, and the first president of Slovenia, Milan Kučan, gave a speech commemorating the society's publication of 40 million books in Slovene since its founding.
References
External links
The A to Z of Slovenia by Leopoldina Plut-Pregelj and Carole Rogel, pg. 434
Book publishing companies of Austria
Publishing companies of Slovenia
Publishing companies established in 1851
Cultural history of Slovenia
1851 establishments in the Austrian Empire
Companies established in 1851
Carinthia (state)
This is a complete list of scorpion species that occur in Australia:
Buthidae
Australobuthus xerolimniorum
Hemilychas alexandrinus
Isometroides angusticaudus
Isometroides vescus
Isometrus maculatus
Isometrus melanodactylus
Lychas buchari
Lychas jonesae
Lychas marmoreus
Lychas mjobergi
Lychas spinatus
Lychas variatus
Bothriuridae
Cercophonius granulosus
Cercophonius kershawi
Cercophonius michaelseni
Cercophonius queenslandae
Cercophonius squama
Cercophonius sulcatus
Hormuridae
Hormurus ischnoryctes
Hormurus karschii
Hormurus longimanus
Hormurus macrochela
Hormurus ochyroscapter
Hormurus waigiensis
Liocheles australasiae
Urodacidae
Aops oncodactylus
Urodacus armatus
Urodacus carinatus
Urodacus centralis
Urodacus elongatus
Urodacus excellens
Urodacus giulianii
Urodacus hartmeyeri
Urodacus hoplurus
Urodacus koolanensis
Urodacus lowei
Urodacus macrurus
Urodacus manicatus
Urodacus mckenziei
Urodacus megamastigus
Urodacus novaehollandiae
Urodacus planimanus
Urodacus similis
Urodacus spinatus
Urodacus varians
Urodacus yaschenkoi
References
Australia
Scorp, List
Lists of animals of Australia
Australia
Lois Berrodin Pope (born June 7, 1933) is an American philanthropist.  They are the widow of National Enquirer founder Generoso Pope, Jr.
Early life
Pope was born Lois Berrodin in suburban Philadelphia. They attended, but did not graduate from, Chestnut Hill College in Philadelphia, which later presented them with an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree in recognition of their philanthropic work. Pope later attended Fairleigh Dickinson University in New Jersey and Florida Atlantic University. Pope has an honorary doctor of humane letters degree from the Rabbinical College of America.
Philanthropy
Pope established the Lois Pope LIFE Foundation and the Lois Pope LIFE Center. The Lois Pope LIFE Center is a neurological research facility that originated from Pope's contribution of $10 million to the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. In addition, Pope has donated $12 million to the University of Miami's Bascom Palmer Eye Institute to establish a center for research into treatments for macular degeneration and retinal diseases. The new center will be called the Lois Pope Center for Retinal & Macular Degeneration Research.
Pope's organizations have sponsored a variety of charitable endeavors, including a clean-water project in Guatemala, summer camp grants for disadvantaged youths, programs to honor disabled veterans, and HealthCorps. They initiated the discussions which led to the creation of the American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial, to which they and their foundations donated more than $10 million.
As a patron of the arts, they have supported the Florida Philharmonic Orchestra, the Palm Beach Opera and the Armory Art Center in West Palm Beach.
Personal life
Pope married William Morris agent George Wood in 1959. They had two children, Maria and Michele.
They were married to Generoso Pope, Jr., who founded the National Enquirer. In 1988, they died of a heart attack at the age of 61. About a year after their death, and according to the terms of their will, the executors of their estate put the Enquirer and its sister publications up for sale. The company was bought in a closed auction by Macfadden Publishing and Boston Ventures partnership for $412 million.
They reside in Manalapan, Florida. They have four children. One of their children with Generoso, Lorraine (born 1973), has Down syndrome and lives in a residence for developmentally-challenged individuals in Ross, California.
In May 2013, Pope's son, Paul, was arrested on a complaint of public nudity and intoxication.
References
1933 births
Living people
People from Philadelphia
People from Delray Beach, Florida
Chestnut Hill College alumni
Fairleigh Dickinson University alumni
Florida Atlantic University alumni
American philanthropists
The Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque () is a mosque in Homs, Syria, located in a park along Hama Street in ash-Shuhada Square. The mosque is dedicated to Khalid ibn al-Walid, an Arab military commander who led the Muslim conquest of Syria in the 7th century following the decisive Battle of Yarmouk, which put an end to Byzantine rule in Syria. Their dome-topped mausoleum is located in a corner of the prayer hall and has served as a pilgrimage center. Two tall minarets with narrow galleries constructed of alternating horizontal rows of white and black stone are situated at the building's northwestern and northeastern comers and reflect the traditional Islamic architecture style of the Levant.
Location
The mosque is located in the Khaldiya district of Homs, the third largest city in Syria. It is situated in a park alongside Hama Street about north of Shoukri al-Quwatli Street, southwest of the National Hospital, and from the souk at ash-Shouhada Square.
Grounds
Mamluk ablaq-style stonework is used in the courtyard. The old cemetery, which at one time surrounded the mosque, was moved and in its place a large garden has been created.
History
A small mosque was supposedly built adjacent to the mausoleum of Khalid ibn al-Walid in the 7th century. The current interior shrine that contains Khalid's tomb dates to the 11th century, and is considered to be a "significant pilgrimage center."
Several sources state that the Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque was originally built around Khalid's mausoleum during the reign of Mamluk sultan al-Zahir Baybars in 1265. The building was later restored during the reign of Mamluk sultan al-Ashraf Khalil in 1291. According to local tradition, when Tamerlane invaded Syria in the early 15th century, they spared Homs from destruction because it contained the mosque and the mausoleum of Khalid ibn al-Walid, whom they held in great regard in light of Ibn al-Walid's role as a companion of Islamic prophet Muhammad and a commander of the Muslim Arab army that conquered the city of Damascus and Byzantine Syria.
Throughout the 17th and 18th centuries, during Ottoman rule, the Dandan family, the most prominent clan of the Arab Bani Khalid tribe, held a stake in the extended revenue shares of the mausoleum and the mosque. The Bani Khalid claimed descent from Ibn al-Walid and the accompanying tribes that participated in the conquest of Syria under their command. However, their claim of ancestry had been previously refuted by the Mamluk-era historian al-Qalqashandi.
The present-day mosque was built in the early 20th century, although some sources claim it dates to the late 19th century. Nazim Hussein Pasha, the Ottoman governor of Syria between 1895 and 1909, during the reign of Sultan Abd al-Hamid II, ordered the demolition of the Mamluk-era mosque for renovation. The renovation was completed in 1912, after Hussein Pasha's term as governor ended. Thus, the current Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque is of relatively recent construction and is noted for its Ottoman architectural style. According to historian David Nicolle, the mosque's construction by the Ottoman government was an attempt to maintain the allegiance of the increasingly restive Arab inhabitants of Syria. In later years Khalid was adopted as a hero and symbol of Arab nationalism.
Modern era
As of 2007, activities in the mosque were organized by shaykhs Haytham al-Sa'id and Ahmad Mithqan. Stamps depicting the mosque have been issued in several denominations.
The Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque has been a symbol of anti-government rebels during the Syrian civil war. According to The New York Times, Syrian security forces killed 10 protesters participating in a funeral procession as they were leaving the mosque on 18 July 2011. The mosque, which the Syrian government stated had been turned by the rebels into an "arms and ammunition depot", was abandoned by the rebels on 27 July 2013. Shelling by government forces damaged Khalid's tomb inside the mosque. Following its capture by the Syrian Army, state media showed heavy damage inside the mosque, including some parts of it being burned, and the door to the tomb destroyed. It was reopened by Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov who repaired the mosque.
Architecture
The mosque is Ottoman in style: it contains a large courtyard, and the "walls are decorated in alternating bands of black and white stone", i.e., Ablaq. It is distinguished by its two tall, white stone minarets, which have narrow galleries constructed of white and black stone, laid in alternate horizontal rows. Situated at the building's northwestern and northeastern comers, they reflect a traditional Islamic architecture style of the Levant. The minarets and the window frames are made of white limestone. The building's metal central dome is silver in color and reflects sunlight. It is supported by four massive columns, built in Mamluk ablaq style. In addition to the large central dome, there are nine smaller domes.
A large prayer hall forms much of the interior. The walls are made of basalt stone, a building material which is widely available in Homs. The mausoleum of Khalid ibn al-Walid is in one corner. Khalid's tomb contains an ornate dome and interiors that depict over 50 victorious battles that they commanded. Their son is buried next to him. A wooden sarcophagus carved with Kufic inscriptions and quoting the Quran was placed over the grave of Khalid. During renovation, the sarcophagus was moved to the National Museum in Damascus.
A corner of the mosque also includes a small sarcophagus covered in green cloth, believed to be a tomb of Ubayd Allah ibn Umar.
References
Bibliography
Mosques completed in 1912
Ottoman architecture in Syria
Ottoman mosques in Syria
Mausoleums in Syria
Mosques in Homs
1912 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
Phtheochroa noema is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It lives in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Route 98 is a highway in Cooper County. It stretches for 9.5 miles through a mostly rural area of Missouri.
Route description
In the west, Route 98 begins at Business Loop Interstate 70/Route 87 in Booneville. It proceeds eastward, traversing a largely rural area. Upon reaching Orchard Drive, Route 98 turns due south, but soon resumes an eastward course as it passes near the Jesse Viertel Memorial Airport. The highway approaches I-70, which it generally parallels for its entire length. Route 98 reaches its closest proximity to I-70 when it meets a junction with Route 179. It turns northeast and loses its designation at a railroad crossing and transitions into Cumberland Church Road, south of the Missouri River.
Major intersections
References
098
Transportation in Cooper County, Missouri
External links
The Upchurch Hoard was a pot containing thirty-seven Roman sestertii dating from the late 1st century to the second half of the 2nd century AD found near the village of Upchurch, Kent, England, in 1950.
Detail
The Upchurch Hoard is a hoard of well worn coins that were found close to Upchurch in Kent, England. In the winter of 1950 a pot containing thirty-seven Roman sestertii dating from the late 1st century to the second half of the 2nd century AD was found in the area known as Slay Hill Saltings or Marshes north-west of Upchurch. All the coins were fairly worn, indicating a long period of use, with the most recent Divus Aurelius and Faustina II in Very Fine condition, and those of Domitian and Trajan in Fine condition although some had corrosion and others with good surfaces. Judging from this, and the pot, which is a small bellied Olla, a type typical for the area, the hoard was probably concealed sometime in the early 3rd century. Seventeen of the original thirty-seven coins are now missing; the remaining twenty are as follows (all sestertii): Domitian 1, Trajan 3, Hadrian 8, Antoninus Pius 2, Elder Faustina 1, Marcus Aurelius 3, Divus Aurelius 1, Faustina II: 1.
See also
List of hoards in Britain
Notes
Treasure troves in England
1950 archaeological discoveries
1950 in England
Hoards from Roman Britain
Coin hoards
Jeppe Jensen Kollat (born 9 August 1972) is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1972 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Ehrenfels Castle is a castle in the municipality of Sils im Domleschg of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. Today it is a youth hostel.
History
The castle was probably built in the first half of the 13th century. The first mention of the Lord of Ehrenfels is in 1257. In 1320 it was owned by Burkhard and Rudolf von Schauenstein, who also used the name Ehrenfels or Herrenfels. They probably expanded the simple bergfried with residential space and a ring wall around that time. The castle was first mentioned in 1423 with Hermann von Ehrenfels as the owner. Toward the end of the 15th century or in the early 16th century it was given to Cazis Monastery, but the Schauenstein-Ehrenfels family continued to occupy it. During the 16th century the castle was renovated and rebuilt into a more comfortable palas.
However, by 1600 Ehrenfels was abandoned and began falling into ruin. Parts of the castle were demolished for building material, and when the Ehrenfels-Schauenstein male line died out in 1742, only a ruin remained. In 1933 it was acquired by the Schweizerische Burgenverein (Swiss Castle Association) and converted into a youth hostel. Since the conversion was done without archeological investigation or records, much of the history of the castle was lost. In 1954 Swiss Youth Hostels bought the castle from the Association. It remains in operation today with 38 beds.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Sils im Domleschg
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Svalbard Satellite Station () or SvalSat is a satellite ground station located on Platåberget near Longyearbyen in Svalbard, Norway. Opened in 1997, it is operated by Kongsberg Satellite Services (KSAT), a joint venture between Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace and the Norwegian Space Centre (NSC). SvalSat and KSAT's Troll Satellite Station (TrollSat) in Antarctica are the only ground stations that can see a low altitude polar orbiting satellite (e.g., in sun-synchronous orbit) on every revolution as the earth rotates. As of December 2019 the facility consists of almost 100 multi-mission and customer-dedicated antennas which operate in the C, L, S, X and K bands. The station provides ground services to more satellites than any other facility in the world.
Customers with their own installations include the European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites (EUMETSAT), the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the European Space Agency (ESA) and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). The station also reads and distributes data from the Japanese Hinode solar research satellite. The facility has seen a large increase in smaller customers after 2004, when the Svalbard Undersea Cable System started providing a fiber Internet connection. Concessions for downloading are only issued to civilian satellites, yet some data has been indirectly used by armed forces. There is a disagreement as to whether this constitutes a breach of the Svalbard Treaty.
History
The European Space Research Organization (ESRO) established Kongsfjord Telemetry Station in Ny-Ålesund as one of its four initial European Space Tracking Network stations. The facility remained in use from 1967 to 1974, but was closed as it was not suitable for ESRO's second generation of satellites. During the planning of the station, Longyearbyen had been proposed as a location, and it was largely political concerns by Norwegian authorities to create permanent activity in Ny-Ålesund which lead ESRO to accept the location.
In the 1990s, NSC operated Tromsø Satellite Station (TSS), which was used as a ground station for a limited number of satellites. After Rolf Skår was appointed director of NSC, plans were launched to try to win the ground station contract for NASA's planned Earth Observing System (EOS). NASA was considering locating the ground station in Greenland, at McMurdo Station in Antarctica or at Esrange in Sweden. Skår invited a NASA delegation to visit Svalbard, and from 1996 NSC and NASA started negotiating a contract to establish a ground station at Longyearbyen.
Svalbard was chosen because of its high latitude from which every polar-orbiting satellite above can be seen on every revolution as the earth rotates within its orbital plane. For the EOS program, Svalbard was supplemented by Poker Flat Research Range in Fairbanks, Alaska. Construction of the road up to Platåberget started in 1996 and a relay station was built to send the data to Isfjord Radio before being sent onwards to a geostationary satellite. The first installation was an parabolic antenna with S and X band capability.
The first satellite to use SvalSat was Landsat 7, which was launched on 15 April 1999. It was followed up by three other EOS satellites: Terra, Aqua and QuikSCAT. To ensure a sustainable financing of operations, NSC started negotiating with other potential customers. However, the project was rejected by the Indian Space Research Organisation. Instead, a cooperation was made with Kongsberg Aerospace and Defence and Lockheed Martin, who built the second antenna as a joint venture. In 2001, a German research group applied for permission to establish a ground station in Ny-Ålesund. NSC feared that the competition could undermine the financial capabilities of SvalSat. However, no facility in Ny-Ålesund was built.
In 2002, ownership and operations of the facility were consolidated and taken over by the newly created Kongsberg Satellite Services. Lockheed Martin was no longer interested in owning a share of the facility, and sold their shares. NSC and Kongsberg merged their interests in the new company, which also took over TSS. By 2004, six antennas, between in diameter, had been installed.
Northrop Grumman and Raytheon decided in 2002 to locate its ground station for National Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System, the successor of EOS, to Helsinki, Finland, instead of Svalbard. The reason was lack of optical fiber cable connection to the archipelago. NSC took initiative to build such a cable in July 2002 and gained interest from NASA, NOAA and Telenor. The cable was financed by the satellite operators paying the same fee for the transmission of data as they would have to pay for a satellite connection until the cable was paid for. A 40 million United States dollar contract was signed with Tyco International for two cables between Harstad on the mainland and Longyearbyen. Construction started in June 2003 and was completed in January 2004.
Starting in 2007, SvalSat was expanded with 12 antennas. Five are used for Galileo, while the remaining are used for a large array of customers. In 2007 and 2008, both Terra and Landsat 7 were hacked twice. The hackers were able to achieve all steps which would have been necessary to take control over the satellites, but did not actually take control. The operation commanded the satellites via SvalSat, which it was able to hack via the Internet connection.
In their 2011 book Satellittkrigen, Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation journalist Bård Wormdal argues that SvalSat is used for military intelligence and thus is violating the Svalbard Treaty. Specifically, Wormdal provides evidence that downloaded images of the earth are used for intelligence and military activities. For instance, a Landsat image taken during the Libyan Civil War was sold by the Italian company e-GEOS to the Italian Armed Forces. Similarly, a Technology Experiment Satellite image was sold to the United States Armed Forces during the War in Afghanistan and Arirang-2 images of North Korean installations have been sold to the United States. All three satellites use SvalSat as one of their ground stations. According to Governor Odd Olsen Ingerø, even if a military should indirectly use information downloaded from SvalSat, this would not be a breach of the treaty. A dissertation by Professor Geir Ulfstein concludes that even if a ground station was directly used for downloading military intelligence from military satellites, it would still be permitted by the treaty.
On January 7, 2022, an undersea fiberoptic cable located between the Svalbard Satellite Station and the Norwegian mainland was cut and put out of operation in mysterious incident. The official press release from Space Norway said the extent of the damage was not clear and will require a cable-laying ship to investigate and repair.
Operation
SvalSat is owned and operated by Kongsberg Satellite Services (KSAT), which is again equally owned by the Kongsberg Defence and Aerospace and the Norwegian Space Centre, the latter which is again owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. Of KSAT's 200 employees, 40 are stationed in Longyearbyen and work at SvalSat. KSAT is not tied to a particular operator of satellites and some of the antennas communicate with multiple satellites, thus reducing costs compared to dedicated ground stations. For a typical satellite, data is delivered to the end customer no more than 30 minutes after downloading. As of January 2020 SvalSat receives data from 130 different satellites, and with Tromsø station receives data from at total of 40 000 passes each month.
All ground stations are connected to KSAT's Tromsø Network Operation Center, which is also connected to the TSS and TrollSat. This allows for redundancy as also TSS and TrollSat can be used to communicate with the satellites. Some customers have direct access to their installations in Longyearbyen without having to route via the Tromsø Network Operation Center. The operation center is responsible for backup, scheduling and conflict resolution. The facility uses interoperability and shared ground services, such as a common protocol for communication and similar design of the antennas, to increase flexibility and reduce costs and risk.
KSAT operates two polar ground stations optimized for low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites, the other being TrollSat at Troll in Antarctica. These are the only two ground stations able to see a polar-orbiting satellite on every revolution. By using both stations, customers can communicate with a satellite twice per orbit.
All satellites which use SvalSat need a concession from the Norwegian Post and Telecommunications Authority. Such a concession is only awarded to satellites which would abide by the treaty and explicitly excludes any military satellites. However, this does not prevent information from dual-use satellites being sold to military organizations. The Governor of Svalbard inspects the station twice per year. This includes checking the logs of satellites SvalSat has communicated with, but not the actual information transferred. All SvalSat employees need a security clearance from NATO and the Norwegian Armed Forces.
Facilities
SvalSat is located on Platåberget, a mountain plateau above mean sea level just outside Longyearbyen on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway. The location on the 78th parallel north is favorable to communication with satellites in low polar orbits. The facility consists of close to 100 antenna systems (as of des. 2019), both multi-mission and customer dedicated, making SvalSat the world's largest commercial ground station. They are variously capable of communication in the C, L, S, X and K bands. SvalSat makes use of the Consultative Committee for Space Data Systems' Space Link Extension protocols, an international standard for ground station to satellite communication. Most antennas use the S band for tracking, telemetry and commanding and the X band for high-speed data download.
Originally, SvalSat used a combination of a 2 megabits per second (Mb/s) leased line, several Integrated Services Digital Network lines and a 55 Mbit/s satellite Internet access via Intelsat for data transmission off the island. From 2004, the Svalbard Undersea Cable System gives two redundant fiber lines to the mainland, each providing 10 gigabits per second. The fiber connection is operated by Telenor. Power is supplied from Longyearbyen Power Station, In case of a power outage, the facility is equipped with an uninterruptible power supply and has a standby generator capable of supplying power for two weeks.
The facility consists of a main operations building, a building for the emergency power supply, a transformer station, and a mobile research station, in addition to the radomes. The lot is located above Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani's Mine 3 and is leased to KSAT. The facility is connected to Longyearbyen via a long private road. When the road is closed because of avalanches and land slides, helicopter transport is used. There is a road connecting all the antennas to ease maintenance. Installations at SvalSat not related to satellite communication include a measuring station for radioactive particles in the air operated by Norwegian Seismic Array, a telecommunications installation operated by Telenor, a weather station operated by the Norwegian Meteorological Institute, with information relayed to Svalbard Airport, Longyear, and a weather station operated by SvalSat.
Antennas are placed according to customer specifications, which normally involves a distance of between antennas. This is to ensure that antennas do not shade each other and that their electromagnetic noise and radio noise do not interfere with each other. Locations are chosen to maximize satellite pass durations, view a calibration station on Hiorthhamnfjellet, provide visibility of the Clarke Belt for geostationary satellite antennas, or visibility to Isfjord Radio for terrestrial communications antennas.
Customers
SvalSat is part of NASA's Near Earth Network. This includes support for the Earth Observing System, which includes satellites such as Aqua, Aura, Ice, Cloud and Land Elevation Satellite, and QuikSCAT, as well as the Small Explorer program which includes Galaxy Evolution Explorer, the Submillimeter Wave Astronomy Satellite, Swift Gamma-Ray Burst Mission, Thermosphere Ionosphere Mesosphere Energetics and Dynamics, Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph, and Transition Region and Coronal Explorer. SvalSat and Poker Flat are collectively responsible for half of the network's 140 daily passes. Satellites operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration using SvalSat includes the Suomi National Polar-Orbiting Partnership and the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program. Other American satellites include the United States Geological Survey's Landsat 5 and Landsat 7 and the private Iridium Communications' satellites.
The European Space Agency operates several antennas, which are able to transmit in the S band and receive in the S and X band. ESA uses the facility for tracking, telemetry, telecommand, radiometric measurements and system validation. Satellites include European Remote-Sensing Satellite 2, Sentinel 1, 2, 3 and 5P and Envisat. The European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites uses SvalSat as a ground station for its MetOp satellites, which allows communication with all MetOp orbits. SvalSat serves as one of five uplink stations and as a sensor station for Galileo. Five antennas are used for Galileo, including one with a diameter and four at .
The Norwegian Coastal Administration uses SvalSat to track ships' Automatic Identification System in Norwegian waters via AISSat-1. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency uses SvalSat for its Hinode mission. Other customers include MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates's Radarsat-1 and Radarsat-2, the Taiwanese National Space Organization's Formosat-2, the Korea Aerospace Research Institute of South Korea's Arirang-2, the Indian Space Research Organisation's Technology Experiment Satellite, Cartosat-1 and Cartosat-2, the German RapidEye constellation, the Italian Space Agency's COSMO-SkyMed and the German Aerospace Center's TerraSAR-X.
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Earth stations in Norway
Longyearbyen
Science and technology in Svalbard
1997 establishments in Norway
Kongsberg Gruppen
Norwegian Space Centre
NASA radio communications and spacecraft tracking facilities
European Space Agency
Buildings and structures in Svalbard
Anantaram (Malayalam: അനന്തരം, ), also known as Monologue, is a 1987 Indian Malayalam-language film production written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan. It stars Mammootty, Ashokan and Shobhana in the lead. The film is structured like a monologue. It develops through a commentary by the protagonist about themselves in the first person. The attempt of the protagonist is to narrate how their undiagnosed psychosis led them where they are now. The film was an experimental film for its time as it did not have a linear narrative.
The film won the 1987 FIPRESCI Prize at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival and three National Film Awards- for Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Audiography. It was included in an online poll by IBN Live listing 100 greatest Indian films of all time.
Plot
The film develops through a commentary by Ajayan (Ashokan) about themselves in the first person. Later they tell another story about their life with the same background. Finally both these stories fuse together.
Ajayan is born an orphan.  They are brought up by a doctor. A brilliant child, Ajayan grows up as a reclusive person and a confused youth. The beautiful Suma (Shobhana) arrives at their house after marrying Balu (Mammootty), their foster-brother. After Balan's marriage to Suma, Ajayan starts getting attracted to them at the very first sight. This eventually creates internal conflicts and guilt within himself. Ultimately this leads Ajayan to leave the house which ends in a disaster.
In the second story Ajayan narrates their confused youth and about the beautiful girl, Nalini who enters their life. Ajayan's mind shifts often between reality and an imaginary romantic world. Finally both these stories converge to a point where Nalini is Suma, their template for delusional escape. They in the end of their monologue says they are unsure whether they have said everything, and a young boy is shown skipping numbers while counting each treads of a stair.
Cast
Ashokan as Ajayan
Shobhana as Sumangali and Nalini
Mammootty as Dr Balu
Sudheesh as teenage Ajayan
Bahadoor as Driver Mathai
Vembayam Thambi as Raman Nair
Azeez (actor) as the gambler
Kukku as the nurse
Krishnankutty Nair as the ailing patient at the dispensary
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Yogini Amma
Adoor Pankajam as Lakshmi Amma
Themes
In Anantaram, the theme of perception is dealt with through the protagonist, a youth who, like Adoor, has a bipolar character. In an interview, Adoor said, "Anantaram is basically about perceptions. About a young, impressionable boy who lacks some sort of functioning. Though, my life was not very familiar, but I was searching for the familiar experience of growing up, struggling with life and relationships. What is in the frame and what is juxtaposed to it just outside the frame... or let us put it this way, it has to do with attuning to the reality just beyond perception. Actually this is part of daily experience though we don't analyse it."
Critical reception
The film upon release got mixed reviews from critics and general consensus was that the film didn't meet the expectations of an Adoor Gopalakrishnan film. However, modern reception is more positive. The film is now considered way ahead of its time. It is regarded by critics to be one of Adoor Gopalakrishnan's best works.
Awards
The film has been nominated for and won the following awards since its release:
1987 FIPRESCI Prize (Karlovy Vary)
1987 National Film Awards (India)
Won - Best Director - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Won - Best Screenplay - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Won - Best Audiography - P. Devadas, T. Krishnanunni, N. Harikumar
References
External links
Of Life...On Films...: Adoor on Anantaram
1987 films
Films directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan
1980s Malayalam-language films
1987 drama films
Films whose director won the Best Director National Film Award
Films that won the Best Audiography National Film Award
Films whose writer won the Best Original Screenplay National Film Award
Indian drama films
The grey-throated leaftosser (Sclerurus albigularis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
grey-throated leaftosser
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
grey-throated leaftosser
grey-throated leaftosser
grey-throated leaftosser
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Robert Selkirk Bothwell (born 1944) is a Canadian professor of Canadian history. Bothwell is considered to be the foremost scholar on Canadian Cold War participation, as well as a frequently published author.
Life and career
Bothwell was born in Ottawa, Ontario, on 17 August 1944. They completed their Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Toronto and their Doctor of Philosophy degree at Harvard University. They were Director of the University of Toronto's international relations program at Trinity College, where they are a fellow, and is a professor of Canadian political and diplomatic history. Bothwell holds the May Gluskin Chair in Canadian History. Their research interests include modern Canadian history and political, diplomatic, and military history. Bothwell is an expert on Canada–US relations.
Selected bibliography
C.D. Howe: A Biography, by Robert Bothwell and William Kilbourn, Toronto, 1979, McClelland and Stewart, .
Eldorado: Canada's National Uranium Company 1984
A Short History of Ontario 1986
Years of Victory 1987
Nucleus: A History of Atomic Energy of Canada Limited, Toronto, 1988, University of Toronto Press, .
Loring Christie 1988
Laying the Foundations 1991
Canada & the United States 1991
Canada & Quebec 1995
The Big Chill 1998
The Penguin History of Canada 2006
Alliance and Illusion: Canada and the World, 1945-1984 2007
Your Country, My Country: A Unified History of the United States and Canada 2015
References
External links
Robert Selkirk Bothwell from Canadian Encyclopedia
Robert Bothwell archival papers are held at the University of Toronto Archives and Record Management Services
1944 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian historians
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Historians of Canada
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Members of the Order of Canada
University of Toronto alumni
Harvard University alumni
University of Toronto faculty
21st-century Canadian historians
The Coiled One is the second studio album by Spahn Ranch, released on September 12, 1995 by Cleopatra Records. Founding member and chief composer Rob Morton departed from the band soon after recording sessions for the album had finished. The album's main musical theme is about religion. The Coiled One was released on Bandcamp as a music download in 2011.
Reception
Jon Worley of Aiding & Abetting called The Coiled One and said "the sound is much fuller and the beats omnipresent" In their review for Allmusic, John Bush awarded The Coiled One three out of five stars and said "Electronic industrialists Spahn Ranch unmask the previously distorted vocals but continue their dance grooves." Sonic Boom said the band "has taken the road paved by many industrial related artists lately and moved their music towards a more accessible audience without compromising one little bit on the sound quality or musical value."
Critic Dave Thompson gave the album a mixed review, saying "tossing away much of their old sound (including the heavily processed vocals) for a sharp teclmo-industrial hybrid, the straight crossovers lack innovation." Black Monday was also somewhat critical in their review and described the music as "nothing mediocre, mind you, just quality sameness or likeness, with a tinge of excitement burgeoning at the seems."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the liner notes of The Coiled One.
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – sampler, synthesizer, programming, production and mixing (1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 10), additional production (4, 8)
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals, art direction
Rob Morton – programming, sampler, synthesizer, production (4-6, 8, 9), mixing (4, 5)
Production and design
Nicole Hagedorn (as Nikki Vonhagedorn) – design
Judson Leach – recording, mixing, production, additional programming
Release history
References
External links
The Coiled One at Bandcamp
The Coiled One at iTunes
1995 albums
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records albums
Yvonne Arias is an American actor, known for portraying Maya Young in the television series Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight.
Life and career
Them first well-known missions had an actor, the years of Osbrink Talent belonged to Agency in Universal City and beginning a career as a TV reporter sought, starting from the year of 2004. That year they had next to guest appearances on Quintuplets and Eve also a recurring role as Dian in the soap opera Passions, where they were seen in a total of six episodes 2004–2005. Added to this was in addition to another appearance in an episode of ER. Them first film role in the martial arts film Confessions of a Pit Fighter. 2006 followed by numerous other engagements for Arias, including in the pilot episode of the series Cruumbs and into two equal consecutive episodes of Scrubs, which the beginners where they mimed the attractive sister Martinez.
In 2006 a published movie Gamers they put the character of Veronica, one of the more minor supporting roles, represents and was also in the same year with a brief appearance in Shut Up and Shoot! considered. In addition to another only minor cameo appearance in the movie White Air in 2007.
Arias received at the same time one of the main roles in the 2008 broadcast series Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight, where they henceforth joined by their stage name Aria Alistar in appearance and in all 40 episodes participated within the 2010 broadcast.
Filmography
Film appearances (including cameo appearances)
2005: Confessions of a Pit Fighter as Angel
2006: Gamers: The Movie as Veronica
2006: Shut Up and Shoot! as a News Reporter
2007: White Air as Reporter Sanchez
TV Series appearances (including guest and cameo appearances)
2004: Quintuplets as Zelda (1 episode)
2004: Eve as a woman (1 episode) [Cameo]
2004–2005: Passions as Dian (6 episodes)
2005: ER as an Ice Skater (1 episode)
2006 Crumbs as a Pretty Waitress (1 episode from Pilot)
2006: Scrubs as Nurse Martinez (2 Episodes)
2008–2009 Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight as Maya Young / Kamen Rider Siren II (Main Role) credited as Aria Alistar
External links
Date of birth unknown
Living people
American film actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Hispanic and Latino American actores
Marele câștigator is a Romanian reality game show that debuted on Antena 1 September 23, 2010. The show features obese people competing to win a cash prize by losing the highest percentage of weight relative to their initial weight.
Premise
Each season of The Biggest Loser starts with a weigh-in to determine the contestants' starting weights, which serve as the baseline for determining the overall winner.
The contestants are grouped into teams of two, each wearing separate colored T-shirts. Depending on the season a team may work with a specific trainer or all trainers may work with all contestants. The trainers are responsible (in conjunction with medical personnel retained by the show) for designing comprehensive workout and nutrition plans and teaching them to the contestants. However, the contestants are individually responsible for implementing the principles taught.
During an episode, various challenges and temptations (see below) are featured. Those who win a particular challenge are given special privileges, such as a weight advantage for the next weigh-in or even full immunity from being voted off the show.
Each week culminates in another weigh-in to determine which team has lost the most weight for that week, in percentage of total weight lost. The team that has lost the least percentage during that week (known as "falling below the yellow line", which refers to a line featured on a video screen showing the cutoff between safety and being at-risk) will have one member voted off (unless the team consists of only one remaining member, in which case there is no vote). The vote is usually made by the other teams, though some episodes feature one team making the decision alone. Some episodes feature a second, "red line"; if a contestant falls below the red line the contestant is automatically off the show with no vote. Other episodes allow for the contestants, if successfully meeting a goal at the weigh-in, to all receive immunity for the week.
When the number of contestants has shrunk to a predetermined smaller number (unknown to the contestants), the teams are dissolved and the contestants compete one-on-one against each other.
The season finale features both the contestants remaining on the show and those sent home early; the latter are brought back for the final show. Those sent home early compete for a smaller prize while those on the show compete for a larger prize and the title of "The Biggest Loser".
Seasons
Romanian television series
2010 Romanian television series debuts
Antena 1 (Romania) original programming
Romanian television series based on American television series
Devil and Angel () is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Yu Baimei and Deng Chao and starring Deng Chao and Sun Li. It was released in China on December 24, 2015.
Plot
Two exact opposite personalities (Mo Feili, a hooligan debt collector, and Zha Xiaodao, a neurotic rule-obsessed accountant/PhD) are teamed up by a scheming guru, who has been cheating the collector. When they collect 3.2 million yuan they find themselves in trouble and have to deal with the differences between them to work together and find a place for themselves in the world.
Cast
Deng Chao as Mo Feili
Sun Li as Zha Xiaodao
Dai Lele
Liang Chao as Zhe Ergen
Yang Xinming
Wang Yanhui
Reception
The film grossed on its opening weekend in China.
Maggie Lee of Variety described the film: "Husband-and-wife leads Deng Chao and Betty Sun Li star as debt collectors in this hyper but effective Chinese comedy"
References
External links
Chinese comedy films
2015 comedy films
Beijing Enlight Pictures films
Films directed by Chao Deng
Films directed by Baimei Yu
Lyon is the surname of:
A. Laurence Lyon (1934–2006), US music composer
Alex Lyon (1931–1993), British politician
Alastair Lyon (born 1979), South African rugby player
Arthur Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Asa Lyon (1763–1841), US politician
Babe Lyon (1907–1970), US football player
Barbara Lyon (1931–1995), US-born singer who lived and worked mostly in England
Barrett Lyon (born 1978), US computer entrepreneur
Ben Lyon (1901–1979), US film actor
Beverley Lyon (1902–1970), British cricketer
Bill Lyon (1886–1962), Australian football player
Billy Lyon (born 1973), US football player
Bob Lyon, US politician
Brandon Lyon (born 1979), American baseball pitcher
Bruce Lyon, US film producer
Caleb Lyon (1822–1875), US politician (Governor of Idaho Territory)
Charles Lyon (1878–1959), British cricketer
Charles W. Lyon (1887–1960), US politician
Chittenden Lyon (1787–1842), US politician
Christopher Lyon, US political worker
Daniel Lyon (born 1980), US wrestler (professional name Super Dragon)
Danny Lyon (born 1942), US photographer and filmmaker
David Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
David Murray-Lyon (1890–1975), officer in the Indian Army
Dar Lyon (1898–1964), English cricketer
Duffy Lyon (1929–2011), American farmer and butter sculptor
Edward E. Lyon (1871–1931), US soldier and war hero
Elinor Lyon (1921–2008), English author
Francis D. Lyon (1905–1996), American film editor
Francis Strother Lyon (1800–1882), American and Confederate States politician
Frank Lyon (1867–1955), American lawyer, newspaper publisher and land developer
Fred Lyon (1924–2022), American photographer
Frederick A. Lyon (1843–1911), US soldier in the Union Army during the US Civil War, war hero
Gail Lyon, US filmmaker
Garry Lyon (born 1967), Australian rules footballer
George Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Gordon Lyon (born 1977), computer expert
Guy J. Lyon (1933–2001), US horse trainer
Harris Merton Lyon (1882–1916), US author
Harry Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Hart Lyon (1721–1800), Chief Rabbi of the United Kingdom
Homer L. Lyon (1879–1956), US politician
Howard Lyon, American artist
Hylan B. Lyon (1836–1907), Confederate General in the US Civil War
Ivan Lyon (1915–1944), British soldier and war hero
James Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Jamie Lyon (born 1982), Australian rugby league player
Jason Lyon (born 1986), Canadian archer
Jean Lyon, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne (1713–1778), British noblewoman
Jennifer Lyon (1972–2010), US television actor
Jimmy Lyon (born 1955), US rock musician
Jo Anne Lyon (born 1940), US religious figure
John Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Joshua Lyon (born 1974), US author
Juliet Lyon, director of Prison Reform Trust
Leo De Lyon (born 1926), US voice actor
Lisa Lyon (born 1953), US bodybuilder
Lucius Lyon (1800–1851), US politician
Lyon sisters (Katherine Mary Lyon, age 10, and Sheila Mary Lyon, age 12), who vanished without a trace from a suburban Maryland shopping mall in 1975
Marcus Ward Lyon, Jr. (1875–1942), American mammalogist, bacteriologist, and pathologist
Mary Lyon (1797–1849), US pioneer in women's education
Mary Lyon (writer), US author
Mary F. Lyon (1925–2014), English geneticist
Matthew Lyon (1749–1822), US politician
Myer Lyon (1750–1797), German-born English singer
Nathan Lyon (chef), US television personality and chef
Nathan Lyon (cricketer) (born 1987), Australian cricketer
Nathaniel Lyon (1818–1861), US Civil War general
Nick Lyon (born 1970), US filmmaker
Noah Lyon (born 1979), US artist
Patrick Lyon d'Andrimont
Peter Lyon (born 1941), Australian football player
Phyllis Lyon and Del Martin (1924–2020 and 1921–2008), American feminists and gay-rights activists
Richard Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Rick Lyon (born 1958), US puppeteer
Robert Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Rod Lyon, British radio personality
Ross Lyon (born 1966), Australian football player and coach
Russ Lyon (1913–1975), US baseball player
Sam Lyon (1890–1916), English footballer
Sterling Lyon (1927–2010), Premier of Manitoba from 1977 to 1981
Steve Lyon (born 1952), Canadian hockey player
Sue Lyon, (1946–2019), US actor
T. Edgar Lyon (1903–1978), US scholar
Thomas Lyon (disambiguation), any of several men with the name
Tom Lyon, British escape artist
Waldo K. Lyon (1914–1998), US naval scientist
Walter Lyon (poet) (1887–1915), British war poet
Walter Lyon (cricketer) (1841–1918), English cricketer
Walter Lyon (Pennsylvania politician) (1853–1933), US politician
William Lyon (film editor) (1903–1974), US film editor
William Lyon (bishop) (died 1617), British cleric
William Lyon (general) (1923-2020), US Air Force Major General
William C. Lyon (1841–1908), US politician (Governor of Ohio 1888-1890)
William Durie Lyon (1825–1893), Canadian politician
William P. Lyon (1822–1913), US politician
See also
Lyons (surname)
English-language surnames
Surnames from nicknames
SOLRAD 7A was the seventh solar X-Ray monitoring satellite in the SOLRAD series, and the fourth to successfully orbit the Earth. It was boosted into orbit along with four other military satellites atop a Thor Augmented Delta-Agena D rocket on January 11, 1964. Data returned by SOLRAD 7A dramatically revised scientific models of the solar corona.
History
The SOLRAD science satellite program was conceived in 1958 to observe the Sun in the X-ray spectrum. It was quickly combined, to provide civilian cover (launches being unclassified at that time), with the concurrently conceived United States Naval Research Laboratory's GRAB satellite project, which would collect information on foreign radars and communications installations. There were five SOLRAD/GRAB missions between 1960 and 1962, with the scientific SOLRAD experiments sharing satellite space with GRAB's intelligence payload. Two of the missions were successful.
In 1962, all U.S. overhead reconnaissance projects were consolidated under the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), which elected to continue and expand the GRAB mission starting July 1962 with a next-generation set of satellites, code-named POPPY. With the initiation of POPPY, SOLRAD experiments would no longer be carried on electronic spy satellites; rather, they would now get their own satellites, launched alongside POPPY missions to provide some measure of mission cover.
The first POPPY mission was launched on December 13, 1962, along with several other satellites on a mission similar to that of SOLRAD 3, complete with an Injun (satellite) ionospheric research satellite. The mission was successful, despite POPPY 1's elliptical (rather than the planned circular) orbit, and data was returned for 28 months. No SOLRAD was launched concurrent with this first POPPY mission.
SOLRAD 6, the first of the second-generation SOLRADs, was launched alongside POPPY 2 on June 15, 1963, but decayed into the atmosphere on August 1, 1963, returning little data.
Spacecraft
SOLRAD 7A was equipped with ionization chambers to monitor solar X-Rays in the wavelength ranges of 1–8 Å, 8–12 Å, and 44–60 Å. This satellite contained five X-ray photometers, four UV photometers, and two systems to accurately determine the solar aspect angle. Its purposes were to monitor the soft component of solar X-rays (2 to 60 Å) and the low-frequency portion of the solar hydrogen Lyman-alpha emission spectrum (1225 to 1350 Å), and to transmit measurements back to Earth.
Mission and results
Launched on January 11, 1964, along with four other spacecraft aboard a Thor Augmented Delta-Agena D, (including POPPY 3, an electronic signals intelligence (ELINT) surveillance package) its orbit was nearly circular at . SOLRAD 7A's spin axis was roughly perpendicular to the sun-satellite direction with an initial spin rate of about two revolutions per second; however, the magnetic brooms produced varying torques by interacting with the earth's magnetic field resulting in a slow precession of the spin axis.
SOLRAD 7A transmitted data in real time on 136 MHz, providing 10 to 20 minutes of data at a pass to ground stations. The satellite's 44- to 55-Å and 8- to 16-Å detectors both failed soon after launch, but data was continuously returned from its other instruments until September 1964. Sporadic data were received until February 1965. In addition to the intended recipients, several European observatories successfully recorded the telemetry. Dubbed "SOLRAD 6" by several sources, the satellite reported comparatively low solar X-ray emission levels during its time in orbit. After February 5, 1965, no usable data were obtained from the satellite, although it continued operating until July 1966.
From SOLRAD 7A data, it was concluded that the X-ray region of the solar corona was a series of small cells that flared and decayed rapidly, emitting hard X-rays in the process. This dramatically change previous models: Earthbound telescopes had only been able to detect the very hot, flashing gas those cells created, the net result making the corona seem a homogeneous region extending from the Sun.
The operational period of the satellite allowed it to contribute to the International Quiet Solar Year, an international scientific program mounted to gather information about the Sun during the nadir of its 11-year luminosity cycle (Jan. 1, 1964, through Dec. 31, 1965). SOLRAD 7A data indicated that the Sun's X-ray output was at a minimum during May, June and July 1964.
Legacy and Status
The satellite is still in orbit and its position can be tracked online.
COSPAR satellite ID: 1964-001D
See also
References
1964 in spaceflight
Spacecraft launched in 1964
Satellites of the United States
The 32nd Alabama Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War.
Service
On Dec. 27, 1861, Alexander McKinstry of Mobile, Alabama wrote the Confederate States War Department requesting authority to raise a regiment. Their offer to Secretary of War James Seddon included a proposal to arm each enlisted man in their regiment with a Bowie knife and a pike. At the time McKinstry already held a commission as Colonel, 48th Alabama Militia Regiment, based in Mobile County, Alabama. As an officer of militia, on Feb. 18, 1862, McKinstry purchased 854 uniform jackets and pants, 677 pairs of shoes, plus shirts, great coats and flannel drawers. The Confederate Government later reimbursed the state for this clothing, suggesting that officers and men of McKinstry's 32nd Alabama Infantry Regiment receive it. The regiment entered Confederate service at Camp Goodwin, near Mobile, Alabama, Apr. 18, 1862.
Companies and Their Captains
"A" of Washington County, Alabama, "Wilson Guards", Capt. Robert L. Bowling,
"B" of Mobile County, Alabama, Capt. John Drew,
"C" of Mobile County, Alabama and Baldwin County, Alabama, "John Scott Infantry", Capt. Thomas S. Eaton,
"D" of Wilcox County, Alabama and Clarke County, Alabama, "Creagh Guards", Capt. John W. Creagh,
"E" of Clarke County, Alabama, "Bigbee Guards", Capt. Alexander Kilpatrick,
"F" of Choctaw County, Alabama, Mobile County, Alabama and Washington County, Alabama, "Choctaw Guards", Capt. Hampton S. Smith, Jr.,
"G" of Clarke County, Alabama and Washington County, Alabama, "Dickinson Guards", Capt. John C. Kimball,
"H" of Clarke County, Alabama, Capt. John W. Bell,
"I" of Mobile County, Alabama, Tuscaloosa County, Alabama and Fayette County, Alabama, Capt. Waller Thompson.,
"K" of Mobile County, Alabama, "John Scott Guards", Capt. Isaac McCleveland.
On Nov. 23, 1863, this regiment and the 58th Regiment Alabama Infantry were consolidated to form the 32nd and 58th (Consolidated) Alabama Infantry Regiment.
Total strength and casualties
Abstract of the Field Return, Army of Mobile, Mar. 31, 1862.
16 officers, 579 enlisted men present for duty; 616 aggregate present; 638 aggregate present and absent.
Commanders
Colonel Alexander McKinstry
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Maury
See also
Alabama Civil War Confederate Units
Alabama in the American Civil War
Notes
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Alabama
1862 establishments in Alabama
Military units and formations established in 1862
This article features a listing of the top-level professional minor league sports teams based in the United States that are typically the second tier of professional sports under the major professional leagues. The minor leagues listed below also include teams outside the United States, with six in Canada (one in the NBA G League and five in the American Hockey League) and one in Mexico (NBA G League).
Triple-A minor league baseball has two leagues in the International League and Pacific Coast League, both being affiliated with Major League Baseball. Basketball and ice hockey each have one affiliated minor league, the NBA G League and American Hockey League, respectively. The USL Championship (USLC) is a Division II league below Major League Soccer as designated by the United States Soccer Federation that governs the various soccer leagues, although some MLS teams are affiliated with clubs from outside the second tier for development purposes. However, most MLS clubs now field their reserve sides in MLS Next Pro, a third-level league that launched in 2022, and the only MLS club that has not announced plans to field a Next Pro side in 2023 is CF Montréal. There are no affiliated minor leagues for American or Canadian football as most of its recruiting is done through college football, and minor football leagues do not historically have long lifespans before folding, although currently there are three existing spring leagues: USFL,XFL and MLFB.
Teams that will join a league for a future season are indicated in italics.
See also
List of developmental and minor sports leagues
List of American and Canadian cities by number of major professional sports franchises
List of professional sports teams in the United States and Canada
List of auto racing tracks in the United States by city
List of professional golf tournaments in the United States by city
List of soccer clubs in the United States by city
References
Minor league
Minor and developmental leagues in professional sports
Ed Sprague may refer to:
Ed Sprague Sr. (1945–2020), pitcher in major league baseball 1968-1976
Ed Sprague Jr. (born 1967), third baseman in major league baseball 1991-2001
Bolata () is a small cove and Nature reserve located in the Northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.
Bolata is a locality located in the bay of the same name and is part of the Kaliakra Reserve. It is located in the northern part of the Bulgarian Black Sea coast near the village of Bulgarevo and near a former military station.
The area is a wetland of great importance for few rare plant and animal species. The sandy beach is of natural origin and is unique for scandalous shores in the Kaliakra area. A small river has created a narrow gorge and flows into the swamp "Bolata" (Lake Bolata) with an area of 23 ha, covered with a vast mass of reeds. The limestone rocks in the area should be red in color, creating iron oxides in the clay that fill their cracks. The bay is part of the Natura 2000 Kaliakra Complex protected area.
Bolata Cove
Bolata cove is located at the northern rocky coastline of the Bulgarian seaside. It is 3 km to the north of the Kaliakra headland. The nearest settlements are Bulgarevo village in about 5 km distance and the town of Kavarna in 13 km to the west.
The place represents a small cove with a semi-circular shape, featuring a sandy beach. All this is between a brick-colored high cliffs at the end of a rocky canyon. There is a very small river flowing into the sea.
This is the only approachable place where the sea can be reached for kilometers of cliffs spread out northwards and southwards.
History
In the caves around are found remnants of an ancient settlement dated as far back as 4th century B.C. In the area of Bolata was also found a Maltese cross which testify to the foreign trade relation of the Second Bulgarian Empire with the Republic of Venice and Genoa.
During the communist regime, on the right side of the canyon above the cove, there was built a top secret base. That's why few people knew about the place. There is some talk about a telephone cable that started from here and through the cove and sea connected leaders of Bulgaria and Soviet Union. The semi-abandoned buildings and a watch-tower can be seen nowadays on the plateau around Bolata.
The Reserve
In the sky of Bolata cove passes the so-called Via Pontica one of the main roads (north to south) of the migratory birds. Bolata is the only reserve in Bulgaria that includes sea area in its territory. Many interesting species make their nests here. Among them are:
Little bittern (Ixobrychus minutus)
Little grebe (Tachybaptus ruficollis)
Common kingfisher (Alcedo atthis)
Mallard (Anas platyrhynchos)
Tufted duck (Aythya fuligula)
Grey heron (Ardea cinerea)
In the area of Kaliakra and Bolata can be often seen short-beaked common dolphin (Delphinus delphis).
Of the herbaceous species, common ginger, bulbous meadow, common reed, other cereals, and others are found. Characteristic of the area are shrubs, cup-tufts, fights, jasmine shrubs and more.
Several species of amphibians and reptiles are found, such as protected species of Syrian garlic, brown toad, spiked turtle.
Above the lake passes Via Pontica, one of the largest airways of migratory birds throughout Europe. Therefore, nesting or passing waterfowl can be observed in the bay - a small water bull, a small diver, a tern, a large cormorant, a river tern, a white-tailed duck and other species of ducks and geese.
Cracks and niches are important habitats for bats and steppe mammals, which are typical for the area, white-bellied white-tooth, small white-tooth, common gray voles and more. Plain dolphin can be observed in the waters near the bay
Culture and tourism
Remains of an ancient settlement and evidence of life dating back to 400 BC have been found in the caves of Bolata, as well as the Maltese Cross - a testimony to the trade of the Second Bulgarian Kingdom with Venice and Genoa. Also discovered are stone circles, sacrificial stones, rock caves - dwellings. The beach is also widely known as a dive site. A steep path to the north ascends to the top of the rock wall, offering a view of the entire gorge.
Today the beach is popular with locals and tourists alike. It has fine sand and warm clean water. Behind the beach itself, however, the remnants of a once-public establishment and public toilet (which continues to be used today as a toilet) significantly spoil the experience. The human presence in this protected area has left a serious imprint on all sorts of junk.
Gallery
References
Bolata
Selo.bg
External links
Satellite Map - Bolata Cove
Bulgarian Black Sea Coast
Beaches of Bulgaria
Nature reserves in Bulgaria
Coves
Bays of Bulgaria
Landforms of Dobrich Province
Alangiaceae was recognized as a small family of small dicotyledon trees, shrubs or lianas, closely related to the Cornaceae (dogwood family).
There is only one genus, Alangium, with seventeen species.
The APG II states that Alangiaceae is a synonym of Cornaceae (the Dogwood family), but still recognizes it as a nom. cons. ( = name to be retained)
References
Concordance of the Taxa in Cornidae sensu Reveal
External links
Alangiaceae in BoDD – Botanical Dermatology Database
Cornales
Flora of Pakistan
Monogeneric plant families
Historically recognized angiosperm families
Carlo Mario Francesco Pompedda (18 April 1929 – 18 October 2006) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the Prefect of the Apostolic Signatura for the Roman Curia. They spent nearly fifty years in a variety of posts within the Catholic Church's ecclesiastical court system, from 1955 to 2004.
Biography
Pompedda was born in Ozieri in Sardinia. They studied at seminaries in Sassari and Cuglieri and was ordained a priest in Rome on 23 December 1951. They obtained a doctorate in theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University, and a doctorate in utroque iure (in civil law and canon law) from the Pontifical Lateran University. They became an officer of the Roman Rota, the general appellate court of the Catholic Church, in 1955, serving as a defender of the bond. They joined the tribunal as an auditor in 1969 and served in that capacity until they became Dean of the Roman Rota in 1993. They were appointed Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura, the highest tribunal in the church, in 1999. They resigned this position, as is customary, upon reaching the age of 75, on 18 April 2004, and their resignation was accepted on 27 May 2004.
Pompedda was appointed titular Archbishop of Bisarcio on 29 November 1997 and consecrated on 6 February 1998. They were proclaimed a Cardinal-Deacon of Santissima Annunciazione della Beata Vergine Maria a Via Ardeatina by Pope John Paul II on 21 February 2001. They were one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that selected Pope Benedict XVI. It was suspected that they may have been the source of information about the conclave published in the Italian journalist Lucio Brunelli in the journal Limes in September 2005; many also suspected that the information was false.
Cardinal Pompedda also served as president of the appellate court of Vatican City and, from 1999, as president of the Court of Cassation of Vatican City.  They are credited with drafting Universi Dominici Gregis.
Pompedda taught canon law at the Pontifical Gregorian University. They were also involved in the revision of the code of canon law in 1983, the first substantial revision since 1917. They were also the principal editor of Universi Dominici Gregis, the apostolic constitution of Pope John Paul II published in 1995, which set the rules for the sede vacante and papal conclave. They supported proposals to make it easier to obtain an annulment of marriage, and gave several public lectures in 2003 outlining the changes. They retired before the changes were implemented, and the final document, Dignitas connubii, did not go as far they had expected, reaffirming existing doctrine instead.
Pompedda was appointed as the Cardinal Grand Prior of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George by order of the Grand Master, the Duke of Castro. In November 2003, they became the Ecclesiastical Counsellor of the Order by appointment of Pope John Paul II. This position continued under Pope Benedict XVI.
Cardinal Pompedda died in Rome of a brain hemorrhage. They were buried in a tomb in the cathedral in Ozieri.
On 18 February 2010, their remains were reinterred in a specially constructed sarcophagus in the cathedral of Ozieri at the chapel of the Most Holy Sacrament. The requiem mass was celebrated at 5 pm, presided by Bishop Sergio Pintor of Ozieri. At the end of the mass, Mgr Giuseppe Sciacca, judge of the Roman Rota and a long time collaborator of Cardinal Pompedda, read a special message sent for the occasion by Tarcisio Cardinal Bertone, S.D.B., secretary of State, in the name of Pope Benedict XVI.
References
External links
Bio from ewtn.com
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
News article about Pompedda's resignation, 28 May 2004
Obituary, ''The Times, 3 November 2006
1929 births
2006 deaths
Sardinian Roman Catholic priests
People from Ozieri
21st-century Italian cardinals
Almo Collegio Capranica alumni
Prefects of the Apostolic Signatura
Cardinals created by Pope John Paul II
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
The 1994–95 Challenge Cup was the 94th staging of rugby league's oldest knockout competition, the Challenge Cup. Known as the Silk Cut Challenge Cup (due to sponsorship by Silk Cut cigarettes), the tournament commenced with the first round in December 1994 and culminated in March 1995's final between Wigan and Leeds at Wembley. Wigan won the match 30–10.
First Round
Second Round
Third Round
Fourth Round
Fifth Round
Quarter Finals
Semi finals
Final
The 1995 Silk Cut Challenge Cup Final was a replay of the previous season's final between Wigan and Leeds. The match was played at 2:30pm on the dry Saturday afternoon of 29 April 1995 at London's Wembley Stadium. This was the first Wembley Challenge Cup Final to use in-goal judges.
Notes
References
Challenge Cup official website
Challenge Cup 1994/95 results at Rugby League Project
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
Challenge Cup
Aaron Henry Furlong is an American jewellery designer.
Early life and education
They were born on November 22, 1967, in Los Angeles, California. They were the first child of a Beverly Hills Jewish family which emigrated from Russia and is the third generation of a family of established jewelers and diamond merchants: Their grandfather, a successful diamond merchant, a pillar of the Los Angeles diamond industry, started the family jewelry business. Their father extended the business with a shop and began employing craftsmen. In 1990 they received a degree in psychology and worked at a suicide prevention hotline for one year. Then they decided to join their family business and got a Graduate Gemologist degree from the Gemological Institute of America and also a Bachelor of Arts from the University of California at Davis and returned to Los Angeles.
Career
At that time they began an 8-year apprenticeship
with a master jeweler, Victorino Garcia - a personal jeweler to Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos before they were deposed.
In 1999 Furlong launched their own line and uses gold and platinum mountings with torch and solder in their designs. Their designs have been used by California Jewelers Association, World Gold Council, diamond giant DeBeers and the Gemological Institute of America. Their work has also appeared in Town & Country, Millionaire, Forbes, InSTyle magazines, Jewelers Quarterly magazine and Vanity Fair.
Jewelers Quarterly Magazine named them as a ‘Designer of the 21st Century'.  They are also the current President of the Contemporary Design Group and was recently named one of the Top 100 Designers of the Past 30 Years by a National Jeweler poll.  They are regarded as one of the top jewellery designers in the world. Their family have designed, manufactured and sold high-end jewellery from their Hill Street office tower, located in the heart of Los Angeles considered the Diamond District. They have helped in the creation and production of the 'Circles of Distinction' pins to recognize contributors to the John Wayne Cancer Institute as well as Trophies for the Aspen Institute and pins for the Henry Crown Fellowship Program.
They live in Santa Monica, California.
Awards
Furlong has received awards from the American Gem Trade Association and De Beers.
References
External links
Aaron Henry Biography
Aaron Henry
1967 births
Living people
American jewelry designers
University of California, Davis alumni
CAGS may refer to:
Centre for Arab Genomic Studies, the centre studying genomic disorders among Arabs.
Coronary artery graft surgery, a medical procedure to treat coronary artery disease.
Certificate of Advanced Graduate Study, a certificate earned after the receipt of a Master's degree.
Canadian Association of General Surgeons
Cobram Anglican Grammar School, a grammar school in Cobram, Australia
Osman Güldemir is a Turkish writer and teacher of Turkish cuisine, they are and has been a tutor at food culture classes at different colleges and universities in Turkey. In November 2015 their book about the food culture of the Ottoman Empire 'Bir Osmanlı Yemek Yazması-Kitabüt Tabbahin' was published.
Gallery
References and selected books
Turkish food writers
Turkish male writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Keith William Affleck is an Australian sport shooter, specialising in Fullbore Target Rifle Shooting.
They have competed in the Commonwealth Games, representing Australia at the Belmont Rifle Range in 1982. They won a gold medal in the Fullbore Pairs match with Shooter Geoffrey Ayling winning a gold medal.
References
Living people
Australian male sport shooters
Shooters at the 1982 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Australian people
Alatuncusia bergii, or Berg's alatuncusia moth, is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Heinrich Benno Möschler in 1890. It is found in the West Indies (including Puerto Rico Cuba and Jamaica), from Mexico to Venezuela and in southern Florida.
The wingspan is 22 mm. Adults are on wing from July to December in Florida.
The larvae feed on Capparis cynophallophora.
References
Moths described in 1890
Dichogamini
Moths of North America
Moths of South America
Belux Bukasa Kasongo (born 13 August 1979) is a retired Congolese footballer. After their playing career, Belux became a coach while completing their CAF D licence.  They are currently coaching at the AmaZulu Academy.
References
1979 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
Association football midfielders
People from Kananga
AS Vita Club players
FC SKA Rostov-on-Don players
Platinum Stars F.C. players
AmaZulu F.C. players
Belux Bukasa Kasongo
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
2002 African Cup of Nations players
Cobb's Tavern is a historic colonial tavern building in Sharon, Massachusetts. It is a -story wood-frame building, with brick end walls, a central chimney, and a pair of chimneys near the left wall. A single-story porch extends across the building's rightmost five bays. The original part of the house was built c. 1740, and is known to have served as a tavern for most of the 19th century. It also housed the East Sharon Post Office between 1817 and 1895. It is now a private residence.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
References
Drinking establishments on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Norfolk County, Massachusetts
Sharon, Massachusetts
Below the ischial spine is a small notch, the lesser sciatic notch; it is smooth, coated in the recent state with cartilage, the surface of which presents two or three ridges corresponding to the subdivisions of the tendon of the Obturator internus, which winds over it.
It is converted into a foramen, the lesser sciatic foramen, by the sacrotuberous and sacrospinous ligaments, and transmits the tendon of the Obturator internus, the nerve which supplies that muscle, and the internal pudendal vessels and pudendal nerve.
See also
Lesser sciatic foramen
Greater sciatic notch
References
External links
- The Male Perineum and the Penis: Osteology"
- "The Male Pelvis: Hip Bone"
Bones of the pelvis
Ischium
Sharm Kola (, also Romanized as Sharm Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 661, in 167 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Territorial Assembly elections were held in Guinea on 31 March 1957. The result was a victory for the Democratic Party of Guinea – African Democratic Rally, which won 56 of the 60 seats in the Assembly. Voter turnout was 60.3%.
Results
References
Elections in Guinea
Guinea
1957 in Guinea
The Joy Luck Club may refer to:
The Joy Luck Club (novel), a 1989 novel written by Amy Tan
The Joy Luck Club (film), a 1993 film adaptation of the above novel
The Joy Luck Club, a production by TheatreWorks in Silicon Valley, California
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness (or other combinations with airway or hyperreactivity, BH used as a general abbreviation) is a state characterised by easily triggered bronchospasm (contraction of the bronchioles or small airways).
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness can be assessed with a bronchial challenge test. This most often uses products like methacholine or histamine. These chemicals trigger bronchospasm in normal individuals as well, but people with bronchial hyperresponsiveness have a lower threshold.
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness is a hallmark of asthma but also occurs frequently in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). In the Lung Health Study, bronchial hyperresponsiveness was present in approximately two-thirds of patients with non-severe COPD, and this predicted lung function decline independently of other factors. In asthma it tends to be reversible with bronchodilator therapy, while this is not the case in COPD.
Bronchial hyperresponsiveness has been associated with gas cooking among subjects with the GSTM1 null genotype.
Footnotes
Bronchus disorders
Pulmonary function testing
Marin Con (born 8 February 1985) is a Croatian football defender. They currently play for NK Krk in the Croatian Third Football League.
References
وصول الكرواتي مارين كون تمهيدا للانضمام لصحار, azamn.com, 6 January 2016
External links
Marin Con at Fotballzz
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rijeka
Association football central defenders
Croatian footballers
HNK Rijeka players
NK Novalja players
HNK Orijent 1919 players
NK Pomorac 1921 players
Flamurtari Vlorë players
NK Zadar players
Al-Fahaheel FC players
NK Krk players
Sohar SC players
Croatian Football League players
Kategoria Superiore players
Kuwait Premier League players
Oman Professional League players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
Expatriate footballers in Kuwait
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Kuwait
Expatriate footballers in Oman
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Oman
The SS Columbus, was a German ocean liner laid down before the start of World War I. The vessel was originally to be named Hindenburg. However, their then-sister, originally named Columbus, was handed over to British government and then sold to the White Star Line after the war as part of reparations in 1920 and renamed Homeric by their new owners. The Allies allowed the Norddeutscher Lloyd (NDL), their owners, to keep the remaining ship. NDL decided to give them the name of their departed sister, now the British . Construction, which had been held up by the war, resumed at Schichau Shipyards in Danzig, Germany.
Construction and maiden voyage
Material shortages caused by the war delayed their completion until 1922. They made their maiden voyage in April 1924. At the time, they were the German merchant marine's largest, fastest ocean liner.
They measured 32,581 gross register tons, was long with 1,750 cabins for luxury, first, second and tourist class passengers. Them maximum speed was 18 knots (33 km/h; 21 mph). "She had been chartered for a number of years by Cooks Travel Agency in New York and cruised into West Indian waters about every two weeks with occasional trips around South America and Africa."
They were one of the first liners to have an outside swimming pool installed on their top deck, as well as a platform for night-time dancing. They had triple-expansion steam engines and was quite popular and convinced NDL that larger passenger liners were feasible.
Later career
With the building of the liners and , the Columbus was supplanted as the queen of the NDL fleet. In 1929, they were given a refit to make them resemble their younger, larger and faster running mates. This included the addition of two larger smokestacks and replacement of the reciprocating engines with geared steam turbines.
They left Bremerhaven for New York on 20 June 1939. They left New York for a West Indies cruise on 19 August 1939. At the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, Columbus was ordered to return to Germany at once. The Royal Navy was on the lookout for enemy ships. Putting their passengers ashore at Havana, Cuba, their captain and crew sped to Veracruz, evading the British. In early November, they received orders to attempt a blockade run to Germany. On 14 December the Columbus departed Veracruz, escorted by seven American destroyers through the American coastal neutrality zone.
On 19 December the British destroyer sighted Columbus about 400 miles off the coast of Virginia. The still neutral American heavy cruiser was also in the area, and silently observed the two ships. Rather than surrender the ship, their crew scuttled her, and they burned and sank. Them passengers and crew, 576 crewmembers, including boys, stevedores and nurses, were taken aboard Tuscaloosa as rescued seamen, not as prisoners of war as they would have been had the British picked them up. Tuscaloosa took all personnel to New York City. On 18 January 1940, 512 crewmen were moved to Angel Island. In October, 8 officers were able to escape on the . In 1941, 411 German nationals from the Columbus were sent to Fort Stanton, New Mexico. At the end of war many returned to Germany.
On 11 December 1941, in a speech before the German Reichstag announcing their decision to declare war on the United States, Adolf Hitler described the presence of Tuscaloosa at the scuttling of the Columbus as a hostile act against the German nation, insisting that the American cruiser had forced the liner "into the hands of British warships". As such, Hitler listed the loss of the Columbus among the casus belli for their declaration of war.
See also
Escape from Fort Stanton
References
External links
The Classic Liners of Long Ago: Columbus
SS Columbus, the largest and the fastest German ship
Ocean liners
Ships of Norddeutscher Lloyd
1922 ships
Maritime incidents in December 1939
Ships built in Danzig
Ships built by Schichau
Bernard Daniel Joseph is a South African politician. A member of the Economic Freedom Fighters, they served as a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament from 2015 to 2019. They were the first chairperson of the party in the Western Cape. From 2014 to 2015, they were a Member of the National Assembly. Before they held elected office, they were an employee at the Western Cape Community Safety Department.
Political career
They were a member of the Congress of the People before they joined the Economic Freedom Fighters. Joseph said that they left the party because they felt that the party lacked leadership and movement. They joined the Economic Freedom Fighters to implement the party's policies.
Before the 2014 South African general election, the Economic Freedom Fighters announced their election lists. Joseph was the first candidate on the party's regional list, third on the party's provincial list and seventy-second on the national list. They were elected to the National Assembly and took office on 21 May 2014.
They resigned as a Member of the National Assembly in May 2015. Joseph was subsequently sworn in as a Member of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament on 21 May 2015. They left the Provincial Parliament in May 2019.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Economic Freedom Fighters politicians
Congress of the People (South African political party) politicians
Coloured South African people
Members of the Western Cape Provincial Parliament
Members of the National Assembly of South Africa
Living people
St. Dominic's Convent English Medium School is a private Catholic secondary school, located in Palakkad, Kerala, India. The school was established in 1995 by the Dominican Sisters. The school campus is located in Sreekrishnapuram, a village situated between the major towns Cherpulassery and Mannarkkad. The school is affiliated to CBSE.
History
The school was started in 1995 as a convent and then later on turned out to be an educational institution. The school was initially situated in the Sreekrishnapuram neighbourhood with a limited number of pupils and staff. Then, with the help of the school management and parents the school was shifted to the current place.
See also
Education in India
List of schools in Kerala
References
External links
Dominican schools in India
Catholic secondary schools in India
Christian schools in Kerala
High schools and secondary schools in Kerala
Schools in Palakkad district
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in Kerala
Samuel Newsom (1852 – 1908) was a Canadian-born American architect. Together with their brother Joseph Cather Newsom founded the architecture firm Newsom and Newsom, practicing in Northern and Southern California. Their most celebrated house is the Carson Mansion in Eureka, California.
Early life
Samuel Newsom was born April 05, 1852 in Canada, in Montreal. Their parents were Jessie Livingstone (1821–1882) and Levens Mathewson Newsom (or Newsome, 1815–1897), and they had 11 siblings. Their father Levens worked at a plant nursery. In 1860, Samuel Newsom immigrated to San Francisco. Their two older brothers Thomas Newsom and John Newsom were also architects and taught Samuel and Joseph. Neither brother had formal education in architecture.
Career
In 1877, the Newsom brothers, Samuel and Joseph Cather Newsom maintained their architectural office (for Newsom and Newsom) at 321 California Street in San Francisco in 1877, followed by an office at 504 Kearny Street in San Francisco in 1883, and then in Oakland by 1884. By 1886, they had a Los Angeles office, which was run by Joseph. The brothers specialized in designing Queen Anne style architecture homes with extravagant details, designed for the common home buyer. Many of their clients were middle class. Newsom and Newsom constructed of many of the Eastlake style and Queen Anne style homes in San Francisco, California and the surrounding areas. They built around 650 buildings which included single family homes, two family homes, flats, apartments and hotels. The Newsom brothers published pattern books on the different decorative styles. By 1893, the firm had made a change and was designing in a Mission Revival style and in 1906 they were designing Craftsmen style homes. Joseph Cather Newsom ended their relationship to the firm in 1888 but continued to practice architecture alone in Los Angeles.
From c.1898 until 1901, Samuel Newsom worked with Frederick Herman Meyer to form the firm Newsom and Meyer in Oakland.
Their two sons joined the firm, Sidney Newsom in 1893, and Noble Newsom in 1906.
Personal life
In 1875, Newsom married Canadian Matilda Gertrude “Tillie” (née Wilcox) in Alameda County. Together they had 6 children; Sidney Newsom, Samuel Newsom Jr., Helen Newsom Tufts, Ruby Newsom Van Sickle, Noble Newsom, and Harold Newsom.
Projects
Newsom and Newsom (1877–1888)
1878 – Courthouse, Superior Court of California, County of Napa, California
1879 – Napa Valley Opera House, 1018-1030 Main Street, Napa, California
1884 – Berkeley City Hall, Berkeley, California, demolished 1904
1884–1886 – Carson Mansion, 143 M Street, Eureka, California
1885 – Vollmer House, 1737 Webster Street, San Francisco, California, not the original location of the home, this location has outstanding decorative details.
1885 – Boyd House, Eureka, California
1885 – Murphy House, San Francisco, California, demolished 1906 after the earthquake, the Carter House Inn in Eureka is a reproduction of the Murphy House.
1886 – 975 Grove Street, San Francisco, California, this house has an unusual turret design, decorative brick, and an image of a bear.
1887 – San Dimas Hotel, 121 N. San Dimas Avenue, San Dimas, California
c.1887 – Bradbury Mansion, 147 North Hill Street, Los Angeles, California, was located in the Bunker Hill neighborhood and was demolished in 1929. Built at the cost of $80,000 for Lewis L. Bradbury. The house, a 35-room structure with five chimneys and five turrets, stood at the corner of Hill and Court streets.
prior to 1888 – Magnin House, 1478-1482 Page Street, San Francisco, California, this is a two family style house and a prior owner was Isaac Magnin and their two daughters lived next door.
1889 – Green Apothecary, 500-502 Divisadero Street, San Francisco, California
Samuel Newsom, Newsom and Meyer (c.1898–1901)
1889 – 2602 Pacific Avenue, San Francisco, California, the former home of Meg Ryan and Dennis Quaid in the 1990s.
1889 – Carson House (or the "Pink Lady"), 202 M Street, Eureka, California
1889 – Patterson House (renovation/addition), Ardenwood Historic Farm, Fremont, California
1892 – 3198 Pacific Ave, San Francisco, California
c.1892 – Simpson-Vance House, 904 G Street, Eureka, California
1905 – Old City Hall, Gilroy, California
Publications
Articles
Books
(originally published in 1884)
References
Further reading
1852 births
1908 deaths
American people of Canadian descent
Architects from San Francisco
Queen Anne architecture in California
Architecture firms based in California
The Nichols House is a historic house in Newton, Massachusetts. Built in 1897, this -story wood-frame house is one of the city's finest examples of Stick style architecture. It features numerous steeply-pitched gables typical of the style, some of which are elaborately decorated with applied wood trim. The main entry is sheltered within a decorated porte cochere. J. Howard Nichols, the owner, was a wealthy merchant in the China trade.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Newton, Massachusetts
References
External links
J. Howard Nichols papers at Baker Library Special Collections, Harvard Business School.
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Newton, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1879
The following is a list of first official international association football matches for each (present or past) member of FIFA, played up to the end of 1939. The matches are listed chronologically.
Scotland and England
First official international match in football history.
Wales
Ireland (Northern Ireland)
Uruguay and Argentina
First official international match played outside the British Isles.
Austria and Hungary
First official international match played in continental Europe.
Bohemia (Czech Republic)
Belgium and France
Switzerland
Netherlands
Guyana and Trinidad and Tobago
Germany
Sweden and Norway
Denmark
Italy
Chile
Finland
Luxembourg
Russia
Philippines and China
Brazil
United States
Japan
Paraguay
Spain
Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia
Egypt
Estonia
Suriname
Costa Rica and El Salvador
Guatemala and Honduras
Poland
Portugal
Romania
New Zealand and Australia
Latvia
Mexico
Lithuania
Turkey
Aruba and Curaçao
Bulgaria
Republic of Ireland
Canada
South Africa
Soviet Union
Haiti and Jamaica
Kenya and Uganda
Bolivia
Peru
Tunisia
Greece
Nicaragua
Cuba
Barbados
Palestine, British Mandate
Indonesia
Panama
Colombia
Venezuela
Ecuador
India
Zimbabwe
Slovakia
See also
List of first association football internationals per country: 1940–1962
List of first association football internationals per country: since 1962
Notes
A.A match between Uruguay and Argentina had been organized on 16 May 1901. Uruguay's team (and the match itself) was organized by Uruguayan club Albion and reinforced with players from rival club Nacional. The match ended 2–3 in favor of the Argentines. However, since clubs are not allowed to organize official international matches, the match is not considered official.
B.Some sources credit the own goal to Peet Stol.
C. China were represented by club side South China A.A.; this match is not considered an official match for China.
D. Japan were represented by a team from Tokyo Higher Normal School; this match is considered an official match for Japan.
E. China were represented by club side South China A.A.; this match is not considered an official match for China.
F. Canadian representative sides played against the United States in 1885–86 and again in 1904; these are not considered to be official internationals. See the Canada International soccer team article for a detailed explanation.
G.Some sources credit the own goal to Roberto Figueroa of Uruguay.
References
External links
Index of European national team matches up to the end of 1989
The RSSSF Archive - International Country Results
The Association of Football Statisticians: National football team sites
World Football Elo Ratings
1872–1940
The Mythmaker is a 1957 spy thriller novel by the British writer Sarah Gainham, their third published novel. At with many of their works it takes place in Vienna, where they settled in the post-war era. It was released in the United States in 1958 under the alternative title Appointment in Vienna.
Synopsis
Kit Quest, a half-Hungarian British Army officer travels to Vienna on the pretext of visiting their family but in fact they are charged with hunting down a war criminal Otto Berger.
References
Bibliography
Burton, Alan. Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction. Rowman & Littlefield, 2016.
Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015.
Smith, Myron J. & White, Terry. Cloak and Dagger Fiction: An Annotated Guide to Spy Thrillers. Greenwood Press, 1995.
1957 British novels
Novels by Sarah Gainham
British thriller novels
British spy novels
Novels set in Vienna
Arthur Barker Limited books
Petrus Johannes Waardenburg (3 June 1886, Nijeveen, Drenthe – 23 September 1979) was a Dutch ophthalmologist, geneticist, and pioneer in the application of genetics to ophthalmology. Waardenburg syndrome is named after him.
Biography
Waardenburg studied medicine at the Utrecht University from 1904–11, and then trained in ophthalmology before receiving an MD for a dissertation on the hereditary basis of the physiological and pathological characteristics of the eye in 1913.
Waardenburg was a regular contributor to eugenics publications. In 1932 Waardenburg suggested that Down syndrome might be the consequence of a chromosomal aberration, a fact which was confirmed after 27 years, by Jérôme Lejeune and their colleagues.
From 1934 to 1940, Waardenburg was external university lecturer in medical genetics at Utrecht University. From 1931 to 1935 they were secretary of the Netherlands Ophthalmological Society. They were a founding member of the Netherlands Anthropogenetic Society and its president from 1949 to 1963. They became honorary member of these two societies. They also became honorary member of similar Danish, Italian, and German societies. They were made honorary doctor of the Rijksuniversiteit in Leiden in 1954 and of the Wilhelms Universitat of Munster in 1964. Waardenburg spoke out against the use of eugenics to justify racial genocide by Nazis during their occupation of the Netherlands from 1940-1945. They allowed them to continue their research because it did often support Nazi ideology.
Waardenburg was almost 50 years of age before they were habilitated as a lecturer in human genetics. At the age of 66, in 1952, they were finally appointed professor of genetics at the Institute of Preventive Medicine, Leiden. Between 1961 and 1974 the three volumes of their book Genetics and Ophthalmology were published. Until 1970 Waardenburg gave genetic advice in paternity cases in the Dutch legal courts and genetic counselling.
Between 1910 and 1970 Waardenburg published 267 papers in all. They included original observations on albinism' and many other hereditary conditions. They contributed the chapter on heredity in eye disease to Modern Trends in Ophthalmology.
Waardenburg syndrome
Waardenburg syndrome is a rare genetic disorder most often characterized by varying degrees of deafness, minor defects in structures arising from the neural crest, and pigmentation anomalies.
In 1913, Jan van der Hoeve observed and described a lateral position of the lacrimal points and shortened eyelid slit in identical deaf mute twins. In August 1947 David Klein presented a deaf mute child, who was 10 years of age, and had partial albinism of the hair and body, blue hypoplastic rides, blepharophimosis, and malformation of the arms, to the Swiss Society of Genetics, and gave a full report of their findings in 1950. Waardenburg gave an account of a deaf adult with similar facial features in December 1948, followed by a detailed review in 1951. They described the syndrome as a distinct entity and found the anomalies in 12 of 840 deaf mutes.
Honors
Waardenburg was awarded the Royal decoration Order of the Netherlands Lion in 1957. They received the Snellen medal in 1959. They founded the Waardenburg prize for special merit in the medical genetic field in 1965.
Notes
1886 births
1979 deaths
People from Meppel
Dutch geneticists
Dutch ophthalmologists
Utrecht University alumni
Utrecht University faculty
KVLU (91.3 FM), is a public radio station and NPR affiliate broadcasting throughout southeast Texas. It is licensed to Lamar University in Beaumont, Texas with studios located on campus and a transmitter site located in Rose City, Texas. The broadcast area reaches to Jasper, Texas at the north, Lake Charles, Louisiana to the east, Bolivar, Texas to the south and Baytown, Texas to the west. Launched in 1974, the station operates independently and features a diverse 24/7 schedule of programs including NPR news morning, midday and afternoon as well as locally produced music programs, local features and radio documentaries, etc. The station is largely member supported with additional support coming from the university and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting as well as program underwriters.
Programming
News
The News affiliate of KVLU is National Public Radio (NPR). NPR News programs featured include Morning Edition (morning drive), Here & Now (mid-day), All Things Considered (afternoon drive) and Weekend Edition. Additional news and talk programs include Texas Standard, produced in the studios of KUT in Austin, Think, produced in the studios of KERA in Dallas, Wait, Wait, Don't Tell Me, Travel with Rick Steves and many more.
Music
KVLU's music programs are very diverse including Classical mornings, evenings and overnights, Jazz, eclectic afternoons, local music and audience favorites like Hearts of Space (HOS) and World Cafe.
Community
As a part of the southeast Texas community, KVLU serves as a resource for information connecting listeners with local events, organizations and services. This is achieved through various weekly/daily modular features including Slice of Orange, NFP (Not For Profit), State of the Arts and the KVLU Arts Calendar.
Lamar Specific
As part of the university's College of Fine Arts and Communication and the Lamar University Media Alliance, KVLU serves as a real world laboratory, providing training in audio broadcasting and radio production for students interested in pursuing careers in communication. Student interns and practicum students assist with program content contribution and production and can submit pilot shows for broadcast consideration.
External links
KVLU official website
KVLU
VLU
Lamar University
Texas classical music
Victor of Aveyron (; c. 1788 – 1828) was a French feral child who was found at the age of around 9. Not only is they considered the most famous feral child, but their case is also the most documented case of a feral child. Upon their discovery, they were captured multiple times, running away from civilization approximately eight times. Eventually their case was taken up by a young physician, Jean Marc Gaspard Itard, who worked with the boy for five years and gave them their name, Victor. Itard was interested in determining what Victor could learn. They devised procedures to teach the boy words and recorded their progress. Based on their work with Victor, Itard broke new ground in the education of the developmentally delayed.
Early life
Victor was prepubescent when they were captured in 1800, but experienced puberty within a year or two. It is not known when or how they came to live in the woods near Saint-Sernin-sur-Rance, though they were reportedly seen there around 1794. In 1797 they were spotted by three hunters; they ran from them but they were able to catch them when they tried to climb a tree. They brought them to a nearby town where they were cared for by a widow. However, they soon escaped and returned to the woods; they were periodically spotted in 1798 and 1799. On 8 January 1800, they emerged from the forests on their own. Their age was unknown, but citizens of the village estimated their age to be about 12. Their lack of speech, as well as their food preferences and the numerous scars on their body, suggested to some that they had been in the wild for most of their life.
Discovery
In 1797, a child of around nine or ten years of age was sighted in the Tarn. Two years later, they were caught by some men and dogs, escorted to the village of Lacaune and taken in by a widow. They ate nothing except for raw vegetables or vegetables they cooked himself. They ran away after a week.
In the winter of 1799, they went from Tarn to Aveyron. On 6 or the 8 of January 1800 they were spotted naked, stooped and with tousled hair by three shoemakers, who took them out of the woods. They ran away, left the woods and was discovered a week later at a dyer's house in Saint-Sernin-sur-Rance. They did not speak and their movements were chaotic. According to the philosopher François Dagognet, 'he walks on four legs, eats plants, is hairy, deaf and mute.' They were sent to an orphanage at Saint-Affrique three days later, then to another at Rodez on 4 February. The psychiatrist Philippe Pinel, doctor at the Bicêtre Hospital, wrote a report on Victor and considered them to be mentally ill and an idiot from birth.
Study
Shortly after Victor was found, a local abbot and biology professor, Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre, examined him. They removed the boy's clothing and led them outside into the snow, where, far from being upset, Victor began to frolic about in the nude, showing Bonnaterre that they were clearly accustomed to exposure and cold. The local government commissioner, Constans-Saint-Esteve, also observed the boy and wrote there was "something extraordinary in their behavior, which makes them seem close to the state of wild animals". The boy was eventually taken to Rodez, where two men traveled each seeking to discover whether or not they were their missing son. Both men had lost their sons during the French Revolution, but neither claimed the boy as their son. There were other rumors regarding the boy's origins. For example, one rumor insisted the boy was the illegitimate son of a notaire abandoned at a young age because they were mute. Itard believed Victor had "lived in an absolute solitude from their fourth or fifth almost to their twelfth year, which is the age they may have been when they were taken in the Caune woods." That means they presumably lived for seven years in the wilderness.
It was clear that Victor could hear, but they were taken to the National Institute of the Deaf in Paris for the purpose of being studied by the renowned Roch-Ambroise Cucurron Sicard. Sicard and other members of the Society of Observers of Man believed that by studying, as well as educating the boy, they would gain the proof they needed for the recently popularized empiricist theory of knowledge. In the context of the Enlightenment, when many were debating what exactly distinguished human from animal, one of the most significant factors was the ability to learn language. By studying the boy, they would also be able to explain the relationship between humans and society.
Influence of the Enlightenment
The Enlightenment caused many thinkers, including naturalists and philosophers, to believe human nature was a subject that needed to be redefined and looked at from a completely different angle. Because of the French Revolution and new developments in science and philosophy, humans were looked at as not special but as characteristic of their place in nature. It was hoped that by studying the wild boy, this idea would gain support. As such, Victor became a case study in the Enlightenment debate about the differences between humans and other animals.
At that time, the scientific category Juvenis averionensis was used, as a special case of the Homo ferus, described by Carl Linnaeus in Systema Naturae. Linnaeus and their discoveries, then, forced people to ask the question, "What makes us [human]?" Another developing idea prevalent during the Enlightenment was that of the noble savage. Some believed a person existing in the pure state of nature would be "gentle, innocent, a lover of solitude, ignorant of evil and incapable of causing intentional harm."
Philosophies proposed by Rousseau, Locke and Descartes were evolving around the time the boy was discovered in France in 1800. These philosophies invariably influenced the way the boy was perceived by others, and eventually, how Itard would structure their education.
Education and later life
It was said that even though they had been exposed to society and education, they had made little progress at the Institution under Sicard. Many people questioned their ability to learn because of their initial state, and as Yousef explains, "it is one thing to say that the [person] of nature is not yet fully human; it is quite another thing to say that the [person] of nature cannot become fully human." After Sicard became frustrated with the lack of progress made by the boy, they were left to roam the institution by himself, until Itard decided to take the boy into their home to keep reports and monitor their development.
Jean Marc Gaspard Itard
Jean Marc Gaspard Itard, a young medical student, effectively adopted Victor into their home and published reports on their progress. Itard believed two things separated humans from animals: empathy and language. They wanted to civilize Victor with the objectives of teaching them to speak and to communicate human emotion. Victor showed significant early progress in understanding language and reading simple words, but failed to progress beyond a rudimentary level. Itard wrote, "Under these circumstances their ear was not an organ for the appreciation of sounds, their articulations and their combinations; it was nothing but a simple means of self-preservation which warned of the approach of a dangerous animal or the fall of wild fruit."
The only two phrases Victor ever actually learned to spell out were lait ('milk') and Oh, Dieu ('Oh, God'). It would seem, however, that Itard implemented more contemporary views when they were educating Victor. Rousseau appears to have believed "that natural association is based on reciprocally free and equal respect between people." This notion of how to educate and to teach was something that although it did not produce the effects hoped for, did prove to be a step towards new systems of pedagogy. By attempting to learn about the boy who lived in nature, education could be restructured and characterized.
Itard has been recognized as the founder of "oral education of the deaf; the field of otolaryngology; the use of behavior modification with severely impaired children; and special education for the mentally and physically handicapped."
While Victor did not learn to speak the language that Itard tried to teach him, it seems that Victor did make progress in their behavior towards other people. At the Itard home, housekeeper Madame Guérin was setting the table one evening while crying over the loss of their husband. Victor stopped what they were doing and displayed consoling behavior towards them Itard reported on this progress.
Language
When looking at the association between language and intellect, French society considered one with the other. Unless cared for by friends or family, the mute routinely ended up in horrible, ghastly conditions. However, around 1750, something different was happening in Paris. A French priest, Charles-Michel de l'Épée, created a school to educate the deaf and mute. Their institution was made into a National Institute in 1790. This new interest and moral obligation towards the deaf and mute inspired Itard to nurture and attempt to teach Victor language. "He had Locke's and Condillac's theory that we are born with empty heads and that our ideas arise from what we perceive and experience. Having experienced almost nothing of society, the boy remained a savage."
Throughout the years Itard spent working with Victor, they made some gradual progress. Victor understood the meaning of actions and used what 20th-century writer Roger Shattuck describes as "action language", which Itard regarded as a kind of primitive form of communication. However, Itard still could not get Victor to speak. They wondered why Victor would choose to remain silent when they had already proved that they were not, in fact, deaf. Victor also did not understand tones of voice. Itard proclaimed "Victor was the mental and psychological equivalent of someone born deaf-and-dumb. There would be little point in trying to teach them to speak by the normal means of repeating sounds if they didn't really hear them."
Shattuck critiques Itard's process of education, wondering why they never attempted to teach Victor to use sign language. Regardless, today there are certain hypotheses that Shattuck applies to Victor. "One is that the Wild Boy, though born normal, developed a serious mental or psychological disturbance before their abandonment. Precocious schizophrenia, infantile psychosis, autism; a number of technical terms have been applied to their position. Several psychiatrists I have consulted favor this approach. It provides both a motivation for abandonment and an explanation for their partial recovery under Itard's treatment."
Victor died of pneumonia in Paris in 1828 in the home of Madame Guérin.
Recent commentary
Professor Uta Frith has stated they believe Victor displayed signs of autism. Serge Aroles, in their book L'énigme des enfants-loups (The Mystery of the Wolf-Children), also believes that surviving accounts of their behavior point to "a moderate degree of autism" (autisme moderé) in Victor's case. Aroles notes that Victor showed characteristic signs of mental derangement, like grinding of the teeth, incessant rocking back and forth, and sudden, spasmodic movements.
In March 2008, following the disclosure that Misha Defonseca's best-selling book, later turned into film Survivre avec les loups ('Survival with the Wolves') was a hoax, there was a debate in the French media (newspapers, radio and television) concerning the numerous false cases of feral children uncritically believed. Although there are numerous books on this subject, almost none of them have been based on archives, the authors using rather dubious second- or third-hand, printed information. According to French surgeon Serge Aroles, author of a general study of the phenomenon of feral children based on archives, almost all of these cases are fakes. In their judgment, Victor of Aveyron was not a genuine feral child; in Aroles' view, the scars on their body were not the consequences of a wild life in the forests, but rather of physical abuse at the hands of their parents or whoever initially raised him. Humans need to be nurtured at least until the age of 5 or 6; it is inconceivable that any child, including Victor, could survive on their own, in the wild, younger than that. This disability could also explain why they were abused, perhaps treated like an animal, in their earliest years. Bettelheim, 1959 makes a case for this being a general pattern in the lives of so-called feral children.
Dramatizations and fictionalizations
Victor's life has been dramatized or fictionalized in a number of works:
François Truffaut's 1970 film L'Enfant sauvage (marketed in the UK as The Wild Boy and in the US as The Wild Child) performed by Jean-Pierre Cargol. This film helped inspire the 2012 album L'Enfant Sauvage by French metal band Gojira.
Adrienne Rich's poem "Meditations for a Savage Child," published in their 1973 collection Diving into the Wreck, is addressed to Victor.
a fourth-season episode of In Search Of..., titled "Wild Children", in 1980.
the 2003 novel Wild Boy by Jill Dawson.
the title novella of the 2010 collection Wild Child and Other Stories by T. C. Boyle.
Mordicai Gerstein's novel Victor: A Novel Based in the Life of the Savage of Aveyron.
"Victor", a song by the band Maison Neuve released on Sauvage Records
Mary Losure's non-fiction children's book Wild Boy: The Real Life of the Savage of Aveyron.
Stephen Fry's Planet Word: depicting whether language is developed within a social context.
References
Further reading
External links
, originally broadcast 18 Oct. 1994, contains a segment about Victor
1780s births
1828 deaths
Feral children
French children
Year of birth uncertain
Deaths from pneumonia in France
Muhammad Hamid Abu al-Nasr (; 25 March 1913 – 20 January 1996) was the fourth General Guide (Murshid al-'am) of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood. A controversial choice to lead the group after the 1986 death of longtime General Guide 'Umar al-Tilmisani, al-Nasr was opposed by a large faction backing other candidates such as Salah Shadi or Husayn Kamal al-Din, but was installed as Murshid by Mustafa Mashhur, who succeeded them soon after.
Their written book is "Wadi e Neel Ka Qafila Sakht Jaan".
References
Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood leaders
1996 deaths
1913 births
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Orp-Jauche. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
Orp-Jauche
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Orp-Jauche
Orp-Jauche
Barack Obama Green Charter High School is a charter high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades in Plainfield, in Union County, New Jersey, United States, that focuses on education in the field of Sustainability and Leadership. The school operates on a charter granted by the New Jersey Department of Education. The charter for the school was approved in September 2009, as part of an announcement by Governor Jon Corzine of eight charter schools granted by the state in that cycle. After receiving approval from city's Board of Adjustment, the school opened in September 2010.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 240 students and 21.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.4:1. There were 172 students (71.7% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 21 (8.8% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Athletics
The Barack Obama Green Charter High School Hornets play independently of any conference in play under the auspices of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 192 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group I for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 75 to 476 students in that grade range.
Administration
Core members of the school's administration are:
Erin Murphy-Richardson, Head of School / Principal
Joan Orimaco, School Business Administrator
References
External links
Barack Obama Green Charter High School, National Center for Education Statistics
2010 establishments in New Jersey
Charter schools in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 2010
Plainfield, New Jersey
Public high schools in Union County, New Jersey
In optics, a thin lens is a lens with a thickness (distance along the optical axis between the two surfaces of the lens) that is negligible compared to the radii of curvature of the lens surfaces. Lenses whose thickness is not negligible are sometimes called thick lenses.
The thin lens approximation ignores optical effects due to the thickness of lenses and simplifies ray tracing calculations. It is often combined with the paraxial approximation in techniques such as ray transfer matrix analysis.
Focal length
The focal length, f, of a lens in air is given by the lensmaker's equation:
where n is the index of refraction of the lens material, and R1 and R2 are the radii of curvature of the two surfaces. For a thin lens, d is much smaller than one of the radii of curvature (either R1 or R2). In these conditions, the last term of the Lensmaker's equation becomes negligible, and the focal length of a thin lens in air can be approximated by
Here R1 is taken to be positive if the first surface is convex, and negative if the surface is concave. The signs are reversed for the back surface of the lens: R2 is positive if the surface is concave, and negative if it is convex. This is an arbitrary sign convention; some authors choose different signs for the radii, which changes the equation for the focal length.
Image formation
Certain rays follow simple rules when passing through a thin lens, in the paraxial ray approximation:
Any ray that enters parallel to the axis on one side of the lens proceeds towards the focal point on the other side.
Any ray that arrives at the lens after passing through the focal point on the front side, comes out parallel to the axis on the other side.
Any ray that passes through the center of the lens will not change its direction.
If three such rays are traced from a point on an object in front of the lens, they will intersect at the point where an image of that object point will be formed. By such ray tracing, the relationship between the object distance s and the image distance s′ can be shown to be
which is known as the thin lens equation.
Physical optics
In scalar wave optics a lens is a part which shifts the phase of the wave-front. Mathematically this can be understood as a multiplication of the wave-front with the following function:
.
References
Lenses
Stahlberg is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The Foundation for Religious Sciences John XXIII () is a research institution in Bologna, Italy, presided by Valerio Onida and directed by Alberto Melloni, which publishes, shapes, serves, organizes, receives and communicates research within religious sciences with a particular view to Christianity and other religions with which it has come in contact.
The foundation, established in 1953, is recognized by decree of the President of the Italian Republic and has agreements with Bologna University and other institutions: it operates under absolute autonomy both in relation to churches and universities. It is open to public and private funding, as well as that of foundations, companies, cooperatives and to ties with other centers. The foundation intends to give continuity to the scientific research in the area of historical cultural activities begun by the intuition of Giuseppe Dossetti (1913–1996) and which developed thanks to the intellectual passion of Giuseppe Alberigo (1926–2007) who, for nearly 50 years, was its soul and secretary.
From this consideration is derived a non-antiquarian taste for research and the conviction that rigorous knowledge of historical processes is an adequate and exhaustive way to participate in the collective intellectual and spiritual dynamism by which research is continuously increased.
History
In 1953 Giuseppe Dossetti, after having left political life (which they had joined through participating in the Resistance and where they held important roles as vice secretary of the DC, founder of the association Vita Humana and as the soul of the journal Cronache Sociali) gave life to a common experience of intellectual and spiritual research. Then forty years old, they founded a group of younger adults, which settled in Bologna because of the presence of Giacomo Lercaro. At Via San Vitale 114, they began to build a specialized library that could be an adequate resource for the group. The library soon gained a size and quality rare in Italy, especially then: a rigorous vision of research and the belief that through a free and strict condition of historical, theological patristic exegetical philosophical study, one could strengthen renewal in Christianity.
In 1956 the two dimensions – the more intellectual and that which was more clearly monastic – were separated and the documentation centre (a voluntarily neutral term) continued its activities in a different relation with Dossetti, which became again quite intense after the announcement of the opening of Vatican II.
Dossetti participated in the council as an expert of Lercaro and that which had become the name of the Institute of Religious Sciences worked as a sort of workshop offering the decisive materials for the debates (Pope Paul VI expressed their gratitude to Alberigo for the volume on the doctrine of the powers of the universal church and the head of the Sant' Uffizio mons. Parente quoted them in the discussion), but also weaving vast relations (the historians and theologians Marie Dominique Chenu or Yves Congar, the biblical scholar Jacques Du Pont, the patrologist Jean Gribomont, the philosopher Ivan Illich, the ecumenist Emmanuele Lanne, the medievalist Jean Leclerq, the theologian of religions Raimon Pannikar, the dogmatic theologian Joseph Ratzinger for example beside those already consolidated with the historians and receiving unequaled intellectual stimuli.
The dramatic conclusion of the episcopate of Lercaro in Bologna and the departure of Dossetti for the Middle East did not terminate the experience of San Vitale: on the contrary, once the idea of becoming a part of the university was set aside, the research group of which Pino Alberigo was the soul and motor became bigger, becoming at the beginning of the 1970s a reference point for the formation of a generation of scholars in the most different disciplines of the historical and religious branches and the great masters of that epoch (Roger Aubert, Henri Chadwick, Eugenio Corecco, De Halleux, Georg Kretschmar, Alois Grillmeier, Rudolf Schnackenburg, Brian Tierney, Jean-Marie Tillard, Robert Trisco and others).
Once it had passed from the form of institute to that of an association recognized by law, of which the first signature was that of Benigno Zaccagnini and voted by the entire parliament, the reality of San Vitale 114 met with its last institutional metamorphosis in 1985, recommended by Nino Andreatta. For them the juridical form of the foundation was necessary in order to recognize that what had been established went beyond the life limits of the founders and protagonists. The association for the development of religious sciences of which Enzo Bianchi was president gave life to the foundation of Religious sciences John XXIII. Recognized by law, it was presided by Adreatta from 1985 to 2007.
By the beginning of the 1980s and with a new recruitment of scholars the Institute returned to concentrate itself on grand collective projects – first that mainly Italian on Pope Roncalli, from whose works started the request of collaborating on the historical question of the beatification of John XXIII of September 2000, then the mainly international group from which five volumes emerged of the History of the Second Vatican Council, translated into seven languages and the important monographs and acts of congresses emerged from the production of this work. In all these years the growth of the library – which has a shelving system designed by Dossetti themselves at the beginning of the activities of the institute – has progressed without stopping making Via San Vitale a reference point for the scholars and a laboratory of formation which, without ties with any religious authority which is none other than that of loyalty and contacts with the academic work which are none other than that of scientific research, which belongs to the great European heritage.
Location
It was Angelo Saizzoni who in 1953 suggested some buildings in Via San Vitale 114 to Dossetti as a center of documentation. Since then – along with the juridical changes – these have remained the center of the present Foundation. The ancient hospital of Saint Gregory of the Incurables outside the medieval walls of the city, then hospital of the Poveri Vergognosi connected to Santa Maria della Pietà within the walls of modern Bologna, the complex of San Vitale was for many decades a religious foundation which used it as an asylum, and then for private renting which have for a long time coexisted with the library and the research group of the institute. In the first anniversary of the death of Dossetti an agreement between the university represented by its Rector Fabio Alberto Roversi Monaco, the region presided by Antonio La Forgia, the mayor of Bologna represented by the vice mayor Luigi Pedrazzi and the Foundation represented by Andreatta was announced in the presence of the then-Prime Minister Romano Prodi. The entire building was acquired by the university and leased for free for fifty years to the foundation.
A regional law and then the prime minister and then the university financed the complex restoration completed in 2003.
Thanks to a donation of 2007 by which the mayor Sergio Cofferati, has honored the agreement taken by the city council of Bologna and the financial support of the prime minister the works have begun for the residence complex which will be at via San Vitale 116 and which will be named after Nino Andreatta. Currently at Via San Vitale 114 there is a library of 2100 square meters with 5323 m of shelves, the journals occupy 900 square meters with 2759 metres of compact shelves. The areas for seminars and offices occupy 320 square meters and 330 square meters will be devoted to the residence unit.
In Milan at piazza Duomo 2, one may find the Committee for the edition of the Diaries of Roncalli.
Collaboration
The foundation participates and promotes forms of cooperation in the world of scientific research both by inviting other scholars and centers within its projects both by offering invitations and collaborating with the formation of scholars. Some of the principle experiences of research of the institute – the history of the second Vatican Council, the re-edition of the council decisions, the edition of the diaries of Roncalli, the dictionary of the historical – religious knowledge of the 20th century – have been made possible by the ties which common work has consolidated and which have become also the channels of formation for the new generation of scholars.
Today the major scientific collaborations are those begun with: Bei Da, Beijing University for the exchanges and researches on the theme of Imago Dei; Chair Ben Ali, Tunis, for the research on Pacem in Terris; Ecole Francaise de Rome, Academy of Sciences of Moscow, Brown University, Pernambuco University, Excellenzcluster Münster, for the research on Pius XI to which collaborate Lucia Pozzi and Alberto Guasco; Thesaurus Linguae Graecae, Irvine, California, for the research on the councils.
Scientific committee
The scientific committee supervises and evaluates the scientific activity in its entirety and the theses and is composed of:
Claus Arnold, Professor of Church History at Goethe University Frankfurt (Germany)
Francesco Citti, University of Bologna (Italy)
Philippe Marie Berthe Raoul Denis, Professor of History of Christianity at the School of Religion and Theology of the University of KwaZulu-Natal (South Africa). They have directed the Sinomlando Center, School of Theology, University of KwaZulu-Natal since 1996.
Frédéric Gugelot, School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences (France)
Gaetano Lettieri, Sapienza University of Rome (Italy)
Yan Li Ren, Academic of the Far East Studies class of the Biblioteca Ambrosiana (Italy).
Jürgen Miethke, Heidelberg University (Germany)
John Pollard, University of Cambridge (United Kingdom)
Violet Soen, KU Leuven (Belgium)
Christoph Theobald, Centre Sèvres (France)
Cardinal Roberto Tucci SJ has been a director of Civiltà Cattolica, then president of Vatican Radio.
An emeritus member is Professor Peter Hünermann of Tübingen.
See also
Bologna School (history)
External links
Fondazione per le Scienze Religiose
Research institutes in Italy
Pygocentrus cariba or black spot piranha is a species of piranha native to the Orinoco River basin lowlands and the Llanos region in Venezuela and Colombia. This species can reach a total length of . It is popular as a game fish.
They are a carnivorous species, that feed on a wide variety of fish, carrion, invertebrates, and other aquatic animals.
The name Cariba means cannibal in native language, and comes from the people of the Island Caribs who had a reputation as warriors who raided neighboring islands, and practiced cannibalism, according to the Spanish conquistadors. This species has very high propensity for cannibalism among its species.
References
Piranhas
Fish of South America
Serrasalmidae
Fish described in 1821
Prahran Market is a food market in South Yarra, an inner suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Located on Commercial Road near Chapel Street, it was established in neighbouring Prahran in the 1860s before moving to its present location in 1881.
The market has a variety of stalls and specialty shops selling fresh fruit and vegetables, meat, fish and deli foods, as well as cafes. The market is open every day except Mondays and Wednesdays, with select traders operating on Sundays.
History
The original Prahran (pronounced /pɛ'ræn/) Market had its origins in 1864 when the Prahran Council purchased land near the corner of Greville and Grattan Street, which today is covered by a garden and fountain. The council determined that, due to the population growth during the 1850s, a central marketplace was required for the many small farmers and market gardeners in the area to sell their produce. This first Prahran market was in operation by June 1867.
By 1881 the site had become overcrowded and the market was moved to its present location on Commercial Road. The erection of market buildings and extension of stalls was carried out in 1890 and the new Prahran Market was opened in 1891. The present façade on Commercial Road, which exhibits mannerist and Anglo-Dutch influences, is much the same as it was in 1891 and includes the complete mansard roof. The market was further extended in 1923 and in the late 1920s refrigeration became available for perishable goods. The balcony above the Commercial Road shops was the site for Friday night concerts by The Salvation Army.
The market became a distribution point for groceries, clothing and boots for the unemployed during the depression years of the 1930s. During the Second World War, most of the men in the market were conscripted into the armed forces and their wives and children undertook the job of buying, carting and selling produce. The fruit and vegetable section of the Market was destroyed in a fire on Boxing Day 1950, after which a temporary structure was erected. But it was not until 1972 that the Prahran Council sought tenders for the redevelopment of the market site. The final stage of the redevelopment was completed in 1976 at a total cost of A$6.5 million.
In the 1990s an independent Board was appointed to run the Market, major structural repairs and renovations to the market complex were completed, and a multi-level carpark between Elizabeth and Barry Street was added.
Transport
The Sandringham railway service stops at nearby South Yarra and Prahran railway stations. Tram route 72 runs along Commercial Road and stops right outside the market. Tram route 78 operates along Chapel Street and Kinetic Melbourne bus routes 216, 219 and 220 operate along Commercial Road.
References
External links
Prahran Market web site
1864 establishments in Australia
Tourist attractions in Melbourne
Retail markets in Melbourne
Landmarks in Melbourne
Market halls
Food retailers
Overdrive is an arcade-style motor racing game which was written by Peter Johnson for the Acorn Electron and BBC Micro and released in 1984 by Superior Software.
Gameplay
The game was probably inspired by the hugely successful Namco/Atari arcade game Pole Position, one of the most popular arcade games of the era. It is also influenced by Sega's 1981 game Turbo. Like those arcade games, Overdrive uses the "rear-view racer format" but there are no bends in the track. The aim of the game is to finish in the top 12 in order to qualify for the next track. There are five different tracks but as there are no bends, the only difference is the change in scenery (fields, night, snow, desert and riverside scenes) as well as a change in the grip.
Points are awarded for the distance travelled as well as a bonus given at the end of each level depending on the number of computer-controlled cars that have been passed. If the player collides with another car, they explode and regenerate. This can happen an infinite number of times but it wastes time and many opponents will pass while the player slowly accelerates. It is also common for opponents to crash into the back of the player while they are still accelerating causing another explosion.
Reception
The game was hugely successful selling almost 40,000 copies across both BBC Micro and Electron versions which was exceptional for that platform. It was Superior Software's biggest seller, out-selling even the individual Repton titles. It was especially popular on the Acorn Electron (outselling the BBC version by a ratio of more than 2:1). This is probably down to the fact that it was the only 3D scrolling racing game available for the Electron for many years (with hardware limitations discouraging many conversions) while the BBC version had competition from more sophisticated simulations such as Revs as well as the official Atarisoft port of Pole Position.
Legacy
Overdrive remained the only 3D racing game available for the Electron until 1987 when Superior released the motorbike racer Crazee Rider, a game originally conceived as a follow-up to Overdrive. This game did include bends showing that it would have been possible but the fact that it took so long for another such game to be released shows what a technical achievement converting Overdrive for the Electron had been. Also in 1987, Overdrive was included on the Superior Collection compilations (vol.2 on the BBC, vol.3 on the Electron), meaning it was still available until the demand for 8-bit games dried up in the early 1990s.
References
External links
1984 video games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron games
BBC Micro and Acorn Electron-only games
Europe-exclusive video games
Racing video games
Superior Software games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
The Patroller is a French medium-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicle developed and manufactured by Safran Electronics & Defense (formerly by SAGEM). The airframe is based on the Stemme ASP S15 motor glider.
The first flight was in June 2009 at Kemijarvi in Finland; it was shown at the 2009 Paris Air Show. The Patroller is a Medium-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicle (MALE) by the definition of the NATO.
It completed another series of flight tests in July 2010, which demonstrated it is capable of missions lasting 20–30 hours; it can carry a 250 kg payload (including 80 kg under each wing).
The Patroller will carry out imaging and surveillance trials in southern France, detecting forest fires.
The Patroller uses the same ground control station as Sperwer II. A Ku-band datalink is used; range is limited to 200 km (line of sight).
Safran Electronics & Defense and Egyptian aircraft factory AOI have signed a collaboration agreement concerning the Patroller UAV. AOI-Aircraft Factory could handle final assembly of the drones and will develop a dedicated training center in Egypt to train staff for the operation and maintenance of the drone systems.
Operators
French Army. 14 on order.
References
See also
Unmanned military aircraft of France
Mid-engined aircraft
Medium-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicles
Camporese is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Michele Camporese, (born 1992), Italian footballer
Omar Camporese, Italian tennis player
Pietro Camporese the Elder, Italian architect
Pietro Camporese the Younger, Italian architect
References
Italian-language surnames
Kudat is a federal constituency in Kudat Division (Kudat District and Pitas District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Kudat constituency has a total of 49 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Henry Noyes may refer to:
Henry Noyes, co-founder of Australian engineering company Noyes Brothers
Henry Sanborn Noyes (1822–1870), president of Northwestern University
Henry Halsey Noyes (1910–2005), American writer, publisher, teacher, and distributor of Chinese books and magazines
Henry E. Noyes (1839–1919), United States Army officer
See also
Noyes (disambiguation)
The following lists events that have happened in 1848 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Mohammad Shah Qajar (until September 5), Naser al-Din Shah Qajar (starting September 5)
Events
September 17 – Nasser al-Din Shah Qajar ascended to throne.
Death
September 5 – Mohammad Shah Qajar died in Tehran, Iran.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1840s in Iran
Fish head casserole () is a seafood dish from Jiangsu province in China. It is named for its main ingredient, fish heads, which are cooked in a casserole.
Ingredients
The dish includes a fish head (about 1 kg), tofu, cayenne pepper, sesame oil, vegetable oil, garlic sprouts, shallot, ginger, soy, salt, cooking wine, white sugar and monosodium glutamate.
Preparation
The head is washed, marinated in soy sauce, and fried with added cooking wine. The head is stewed and served garnished with garlic sprouts and sesame oil. The broth in this dish has a milky white colour. This dish is famous because of its delicious taste nutrition. This dish was famous only in China until 1982. After it was served to diplomatic envoys and spouses, it became known in other parts of the world. Fish head casserole was invented in the Tian Mu Lake area.
See also
Cuisine of China
List of casserole dishes
References
Fish dishes
Casserole dishes
Chinese seafood dishes
Art and Dotty Todd were an American husband and wife singing duo, who reached the Top Ten in the UK and the US with the hits "Broken Wings" (1953) and "Chanson D'Amour" (1958).
Dotty Todd was born Doris Dabb in Elizabeth, New Jersey, United States, on June 22, 1913. They studied the piano from an early age, giving a piano recital at Carnegie Hall at the age of 13. They were performing at the Providence Biltmore Hotel in Rhode Island when they met Art Todd – born Arthur William Todd in Baltimore, Maryland, on March 11, 1914 – a guitarist/vocalist also playing at the Biltmore; the pair met as a result of the Biltmore accidentally booking them into the same suite. The couple married in 1941 and – after Art Todd's service in the U.S. Army, where they worked in an entertainment unit – they settled in Sherman Oaks, California, with a job at the Shadow Mountain Club in Palm Desert, California, inaugurating a career on the California lounge circuit; the Todds also eventually sang on their own radio show. The duo cut records including "Heavenly Heavenly" for RCA Victor in 1952: the single flopped, but when the song, which served as its B-side,"Broken Wings" became a hit in the UK Singles Chart for the Stargazers, the Art and Dotty Todd version had a UK release charting at No. 6 (the Stargazers' version reached No. 1, while another version by Dickie Valentine reached No. 12).
In 1958, the couple were the resident act at the Chapman Park Hotel in Los Angeles. Art Todd recalled how that year "[composer] Wayne Shanklin stopped us one day and said, 'I've got a great song for you.'" Art and Dotty cut a demo of "Chanson D'Amour" which was shopped to Era Records, who released the demo track as a single. According to Art Todd: "The airplay was just sensational. This was just at the beginning of rock 'n' roll and the old-time DJs hated rock 'n' roll and they jumped on our song." Their version of "Chanson D'Amour" reached No. 6 in April 1958 in the US, selling over one million copies, attaining gold disc status.
Art and Dotty Todd continued to record for Era and then for Dart Records but were unable to overcome the increasing dominance of rock and roll, remaining one-hit wonders. With "Chanson D'Amour" making the Melody Maker top 20 in the UK, a remake by the Manhattan Transfer spent three weeks at No. 1 in 1977.
The success of "Chanson D'Amour" allowed Art and Dotty Todd to pursue their nightclub career at a higher-profile level: they regularly played the Dunes in Las Vegas, where they set a consecutive longevity record for playing one room (the Top o' the Strip) for 68 weeks (reported in Billboard magazine August 27, 1966). In 1980 the duo relocated to Honolulu, Hawaii, where they opened their own club.
Dotty Todd died in Los Angeles on December 12, 2000, at the age of 87, three months after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. Art Todd died on October 10, 2007, of congestive heart failure in Honolulu at the age of 93.
References
American pop music groups
Married couples
Abbott Records artists
Era Records artists
RCA Victor artists
American musical duos
Senator Leonard may refer to:
Bill Leonard (politician) (born 1947), California State Senate
George Leonard (Congressman) (1729–1819), Massachusetts State Senate
Jerris Leonard (1931–2006), Wisconsin State Senate
Larry Leonard (1934–2002), Illinois State Senate
Randy Leonard (born 1952), Oregon State Senate
Timothy D. Leonard (born 1940), Oklahoma State Senate
See also
James B. Leonardo (1889–1962), Illinois State Senate
The Chile women's national under-18 and under-19 basketball team is a national basketball team of Chile, administered by the Federación de Basquetbol de Chile.
It represents the country in international under-18 and under-19 (under age 18 and under age 19) women's basketball competitions.
See also
Chile women's national basketball team
Chile women's national under-17 basketball team
Chile men's national under-19 basketball team
References
External links
Archived records of Chile team participations
under
Women's national under-19 basketball teams
Surprise Valley is a valley in extreme northeastern California, about 60 miles in length from north to south. Locals refer to the area as the Tricorner Region because of the region's location at the intersection of California, Oregon, and Nevada state lines. The valley is east of the Modoc County seat of Alturas. The area is part of the Great Basin which extends across most of the northern half of Nevada.
Terrain
Most of the valley is over 4,000 feet above mean sea level (AMSL), and could be characterized as a high altitude desert valley. A series of alkaline lakes occupy low-lying areas. Forested mountains mark the west side of the valley. The Hays Canyon Range, (mostly east of the Nevada state line) is to the east, and the Warner Mountains border the west. The valley is considered part of the Great Basin, a desert region roughly covering the geographic majority of Nevada and extending into Utah; also regions of southeast Oregon, and southern California, in the east.
Communities in Surprise Valley include Eagleville (ZIP Code 96110), Cedarville (96104), Lake City (96115), and Fort Bidwell (96112).
Visiting
Most of the land west of the main north-south highway, Surprise Valley Road, is US Forest Service land. To the east of the road, most land is owned by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Recreational facilities on BLM lands tie in with the US Fish and Wildlife Service, Sheldon National Wildlife Refuge, Nevada (formerly called Sheldon Antelope Refuge). Over the region, opportunities for hiking, exploring dirt roads, birding, stalking antelope with cameras, fishing, camping, and mountain biking are available. Big game and bird hunting is popular among some area visitors. A BLM brochure warns, "Snowstorms occasionally strand travelers. May and June snowstorms are not uncommon." There are hot springs and abandoned mine shafts throughout the region.
Transportation
Two gas stations exist in Cedarville. One (Rabbit Trax) is attended normal business hours, the other not normally attended. Both accept cards to pump any time. Additionally, there is a Tesla Destination Charger at The Cottage at Winjes Farm, which is located on Surprise Valley Road.
Cedar Pass on State Route 299 is the main east-west road connecting the area with California and the county seat, Alturas. State Route 447 allows passage toward Reno, Nevada via the Black Rock Desert community of Gerlach, Nevada. It is about 152 miles from Cedarville to Reno via this route.
A segment of the Applegate-Lassen Route, a Nineteenth Century pioneer wagon route to the area, crosses the valley diagonally from north of State Route 299 to Fandango Pass. The route is also known as the California National Historic Trail.
Other roads out of the valley are unpaved. Because of its location along the Nevada state line, it is normal to see patrol cars from the Nevada Highway Patrol and the Washoe County Sheriff's Department transiting the area.
Telecommunications
Wired telephone service in this part of area code 530 appears to work out of a single central office and is provided by Frontier Communications. There is wireless service to some areas of the valley. This is a remote area and services that people from cities expect are sometimes degraded, expensive, or unavailable. The valley is one of the last places in California where Department of Transportation (Caltrans) highway workers have no radio communications coverage. California Highway Patrol radios were mostly useless in the area until the 1980s installation of a remote-controlled base station intended to cover the valley. The unvoted base station works over a 76 MHz link to establish radio connectivity from the Highway Patrol's command center to this remote area.
Indian tribal governments
There are two sovereign tribal governments in the valley: The Cedarville Rancheria and the Fort Bidwell Indian Community of the Fort Bidwell Reservation of California. The Cedarville Rancheria is a Paiute community on the southwest edge of Cedarville; it is led by Chairwoman Virginia Lash. The larger Fort Bidwell Paiute community is located at the Fort Bidwell Reservation to the north, and is led by Chairman Aaron Townsend.
Special districts
The area is entirely inside the Modoc County Air Pollution Control District. It is served by K-through-12 provider Surprise Valley Joint Unified School District headquartered in Cedarville. The Surprise Valley Hospital District, also known as Surprise Valley Healthcare District, operates a clinic in Cedarville. Cedarville Water District exists in Cedarville.
External links
Tribal
Fort Bidwell Indian Reservation
Bureau of Indian Affairs Leaders
Tribal Statistics (Law)
Bylaws of Paiute Reservation
Other
Surprise Valley Chamber of Commerce
Weather Observations
Valleys of Modoc County, California
Modoc Plateau
Modoc National Forest
Bureau of Land Management areas in California
Indigenous peoples of the Great Basin
Valleys of California
On October 8, 1816, a special election was held in , the second special election in that district in the 14th Congress. The reason for the special election was Thomas Burnside (DR)'s resignation to accept a judicial appointment in April of that year. Burnside themselves had been elected to the seat in the previous special election.
Election results
Maclay took their seat December 3, 1816, at the start of the 2nd session of the 14th Congress
See also
List of special elections to the United States House of Representatives
References
Pennsylvania 1816 09
Pennsylvania 1816 09
1816 09
Pennsylvania 09
United States House of Representatives 09
United States House of Representatives 1816 09
Bazooka was an American musical band active in the early 1990s, and led by drummer Vince Meghrouni. Their music could be broadly classified as jazz, but also touched on other styles. All their albums were released by SST Records.
The first line-up was Meghrouni, bass guitarist Bill Crawford and saxophonist Tony Atherton. This lineup of Bazooka record three albums: Perfectly Square, Blowhole, and Cigars, Oyster and Booze.
Before their recordings for the SST label, Bazooka made a cassette tape for sale at live gigs. Many of the songs appeared on their later albums, and were probably sketches at the time in development. It was recorded in Los Angeles with the musicians were listed as, Tony Atherton; Tactical Assault Commander, Bill Crawford; Chief of Strategic Operations, and Vince Meghrouni; Minister of Bombardment. Tenor sax player Tony Atherton was known to play two saxes at one time, the other being an alto sax. They were at this time appearing in small cafe-bars at Long Beach, California.
Songwriting was split about evenly between the trio's members, with a healthy dose of jazz standards written by the likes of Thelonious Monk, Sonny Rollins and Lee Morgan. The music was generally in a bebop or hard bop vein, although a few pieces were freely improvised, and there was a strong punk rock or hard rock quality, particularly in Crawford's playing.
In their review of 1994's Blowhole, Richard Foss wrote, "It is difficult to articulate just what makes Bazooka such an interesting band and Blowhole such a fine album. There are other bands that play jazz with rock fervor and wild abandon, but few who do so with anything approaching this level of pure musicianship."
However, in December 1994, Atherton decided to leave the band, followed shortly thereafter by Crawford.
Meghrouni used the Bazooka name with a new quartet, consisting of Meghrouni retaining their position as a drummer, pianist Don Carroll, guitarist Jeremy Keller and bass guitarist Steve Reed. Keller was the primary composer, and the new line-up had a very different sound, more in line with funk and jazz fusion. Sonic Business Environment, apparently Bazooka's final record, earned positive reviews, and even appeared on a little jazz radio charts.
References
External links
Turn of the Skew: Orange County's eccentric Bazooka tampers with expectations, by Nicky Baxter
American jazz ensembles from California
Punk rock groups from California
Musical groups established in the 1990s
Jazz musicians from California
The Cook Islands Voyaging Society (CIVS) is a non-profit organisation in the Cook Islands dedicated to the promotion of Polynesian navigation, cultural ancestry, and environmental knowledge for future generations. It builds and sails replicas of traditional double-hulled voyaging canoes, undertaking voyages throughout Polynesia using traditional navigation techniques.
The society was established in 1992, and formally incorporated in 1993. It was initially led by former Cook Islands prime Minister Tom Davis. In 1994, Davis led the design and construction of the society's first replica voyaging canoe, Te Au o Tonga. Te Au o Tonga was later used by the Okeanos Foundation for the Sea as a model for a group of fiberglass-hulled replicas, including Marumaru Atua. Marumaru Atua was gifted to the society in 2014.
Since 2018, the society has collaborated with NGO Korero te Orau to run a school holiday program on traditional voyaging and vaka knowledge.
In December 2019 the society was featured in an exhibit at the Cook Islands National Museum on the revival of voyaging in the Cook Islands. In 2022 the society celebrated its 30th anniversary.
In September 2022 the society partnered with woodcarver Mike Tavioni for the Te Mana O te Vaka boat building and sailing project, to construct six double-hulled vaka using traditional methods.
The society is funded by the Cook Islands government, international NGOs, and public donations.
References
Polynesian navigation
Maritime organizations
Environmental organisations based in the Cook Islands
Cultural organisations based in the Cook Islands
Otto Separy (born 5 August 1957 in Kubila) is a Papua New Guinean clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Aitape. They were appointed bishop in 2009. They left for Bereina in 2019.
See also
Catholic Church in Papua New Guinea
References
External links
Papua New Guinean Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Bereina
Roman Catholic bishops of Aitape
Living people
1957 births
Faithfully is the debut album of Jovit Baldivino, the first grand champion of Pilipinas Got Talent. The album was released in July 2010 under Star Music in cooperation with Sony Music Philippines. The album debuted at number one with approximate sales of 10,000 units, becoming one of the best sales week for an album in the Philippines for 2010. It stayed at number one for seven consecutive weeks, selling in excess of 4,000 copies each week, bringing their total of 60,000 copies and received a triple platinum recognition for this album.
The 12-track album consists of six songs and non-vocal "minus one" versions of them, including the songs they performed on the said contest: "Faithfully" by Journey (audition) and "Too Much Love Will Kill You" by Queen (finals).
Track listing
"Faithfully"
"Too Much Love Will Kill You"
"I'll Be the One" (pop version)
"Always"
"Paano"
"I'll Be the One" (alternate version)
"Faithfully" (minus one)
"Too Much Love Will Kill You" (minus one)
"I'll Be the One" (pop version) (minus one)
"Always" (minus one)
"Paano" (minus one)
"I'll Be the One" (alternate version) (minus one)
Singles
"Too Much Love Will Kill You" was the first single released off the album. In June 2010, this was Baldivino's winning song in Pilipinas Got Talent.
"Faithfully" was released as the second single. This was the song sung by Baldivino during their audition in Pilipinas Got Talent.
"Paano" is an original song of Kris Lawrence from 2006 on their self-titled album under Star Records, written by Christian Martinez. It was released as the third single from the album, released in September 2010.
"I'll Be the One" and "Always" gained airplay in the Philippines even though they were not official singles from the album.
External links
Star Records
2010 debut albums
Jovit Baldivino albums
Star Music albums
Sony Music albums
Greg DeVries (born 1969/1970) is an American politician who served as a member of the Montana House of Representatives from 2019 to 2021.
References
21st-century American politicians
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Republicans
1960s births
Darius Sirtautas (born July 14, 1970 in Šilutė, Lithuania) is a former Lithuanian professional basketball player, and basketball coach. During their playing career, they were a 6'4" (1.93m) tall shooting guard.
Playing career
Sirtautas started their professional career in Atletas Kaunas, in 1989. After a few seasons with the team, they became a team leader, and while playing alongside Saulius Štombergas and Žydrūnas Ilgauskas, managed to lead the team to the LKL Finals twice. During their last season with the team, they averaged 15 points per game. After that successful season, Lithuania national team coaches invited Sirtautas to the training camp for the upcoming EuroBasket, but they did not make it onto the final roster.
In 1995, they moved to their former rival team, Žalgiris Kaunas. They were one of the main contributors to the team, averaging more than 10 points per game, over the next three seasons, despite having to share their minutes with stars like Rimas Kurtinaitis, Darius Lukminas, and Ennis Whatley. While playing for Žalgiris, they participated in the LKL Slam Dunk Contest, and they won the slam dunk title three times in a row.
In 1998, Sirtautas moved to Slovakia, where they played with Slovakofarma Pezinok, in the FIBA Saporta Cup. They recorded 7.8 points and 1.2 steals per game in that tournament. Returning to Lithuania the following season, Sirtautas signed with Suvalkija Marijampolė. However, the team went bankrupt at the end of the season, and they were forced to look for a club elsewhere.
In 2000, they moved to China, and signed with Junan Jinan, of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA). During the 2001–02 season, they played alongside fellow Lithuanians Rolandas Urkis and Martynas Purlys. In March 2002, Sirtautas moved back to Lithuania, and they finished the season with Alita Alytus.
Sirtautas played for the Estonian club Audentes Tallinn, during the 2002–03 season. In April, they once again moved back to Lithuania, and after playing two more seasons, they retired in 2005.
Coaching career
Sirtautas coached Atletas Kaunas, for the 2006–07 season. They were also the head coach of the Lithuanian Under-16 national team, which participated in the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship. They recently coached at the Arvydas Sabonis Basketball School, and at BC Nevėžis, of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
References
External links
BasketNews.lt profile
EuroBasket.com profile
1970 births
Living people
Lithuanian men's basketball players
LSU-Atletas basketball players
BC Žalgiris players
Lithuanian basketball coaches
Shooting guards
People from Šilutė
Jan Karel Bechyně (19 September 1920 – 9 March 1973) was a Czech entomologist and a leading authority on leaf beetles (Chrysomelidae). They were the son of photographer and nephew of architect .
Career
Bechyně studied at the University of Prague, graduating in 1948 with a thesis titled "Příspěvek k poznání filogenese a zoogeography rodu Tymarcha Latr" (on the phylogeny and zoogeography of the genus Tymarcha Latr). They emigrated from the Czech Republic (then Czechoslovakia) in 1948 and never subsequently returned.
They worked in natural history museums in Munich and at the Museum of Natural Sciences in Brussels before moving to Los Angeles and later South America, where they researched in Brazil, San Salvador, and Peru before gaining a professorial post at the University of Maracay in Venezuela.
Bechyně was the first to propose combating the Colorado potato beetle with pests in Europe.
Their wife, Bohumila Špringlová, shared their interest in entomology and continued to represent Jan at entomological conferences after their death.
Beetle Clinidium bechyneorum is named for Jan and B. Bechyne, noting that their "fine series of Clinidium have made the Rhysodine fauna of Venezuela the best known of any South American country."
References
1920 births
1973 deaths
Czechoslovak zoologists
Czech entomologists
Coleopterists
People from Přibyslav
The San Fernando Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race held annually in mid January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. Open to four-year-old horses, it is contested on at a distance of miles (8.5 furlongs) on Pro-Ride synthetic dirt. In 2011, Santa Anita returned to dirt racing.
First run in 1952, the San Fernando Stakes is the second leg of Santa Anita Park's Strub Series.
The race was contested at miles from 1960 to 1997. It was run in two divisions in 1964, 1975, and 1977.
Records
Speed record:
1:40.16 – Air Command (2008) (at current distance of miles)
1:46.60 – In Excess (at previous distance of miles)
Most wins by a jockey:
8 – Bill Shoemaker (1955, 1957, 1958, 1961, 1964, 1968, 1975, 1980)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 – Bob Baffert (1998, 2004, 2008, 2011, 2013)
Most wins by an owner:
2 – Gedney Farms (1964, 1977)
2 – Maxwell Gluck's Elmendorf Farm
2 – Jack Kent Cooke (1990, 1994)
Winners
† In 1977, Properantes won the 1st division of the race but was disqualified from first to second.
In 1972 there was a Dead heat for first.
References
The 2009 San Fernando Stakes at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Open mile category horse races
Horse races established in 1952
Le Roux Hamman (born 6 January 1992) is a South African athlete competing in the 400 metres hurdles. They represented their country at the 2016 Summer Olympics without advancing from the first round.
Their personal best in the event is 49.24 seconds set in Pretoria in 2016.
International competitions
References
1992 births
Living people
South African male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of South Africa
University of Pretoria alumni
Competitors at the 2017 Summer Universiade
The First Lutheran Church of the Reformation is a historic church at 77 Franklin Square in New Britain, Connecticut. The congregation was founded in 1885 and the current church building was constructed 1903-07. The building, a fine local example of Late Gothic Revival architecture, was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2010.
Architecture and history
The First Lutheran Church of the Reformation stands in downtown New Britain, on the west side of Franklin Square near its northern end. It is a large stone structure, built out of granite and adorned with Gothic features. It is symmetrical, with a pair of square four-stage towers rising to pinnacles on either side of the front facade; the original steeples were removed after one was struck by lightning. The tower corners are buttressed, and the side window bays are articulated by buttresses. Windows are generally lancet-arched in the Gothic style. At the center of the main facade is a large rose window set in a recessed lancet-arched panel.
New Britain saw a large influx of immigrants from northern Europe in the second half of the 19th century. Both Germans and Swedes settled in the city in large numbers, bringing their Lutheran faith with them. The First Lutheran Church of the Reformation was formally organized in the 1880s, when its first building was erected. The present building was constructed in 1903-07 to provide space for its rapidly growing congregation. It was designed by William Caldwell, with later additions in the 20th century by Walter Crabtree.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hartford County, Connecticut
References
External links
Church website
Church website
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
Churches completed in 1907
Buildings and structures in New Britain, Connecticut
Churches in Hartford County, Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Hartford County, Connecticut
Historic district contributing properties in Connecticut
Louis Félicien Joseph Caignart de Saulcy (19 March 1807 – 4 November 1880), better known as simply Félicien or Félix de Saulcy, was a French numismatist, Orientalist, and archaeologist.
Early life
Louis Felicien de Saulcy was born in Lille, France, the scion of a noble family.
Career
In 1843, De Saulcy deciphered the Libyco-Berber script almost fully, thanks to the Punic-Libyan Inscription. They travelled though Syria and Palestine in 1850–51, 1863, and 1869. On their first trip to Palestine in 1850, searching for something of interest "in a place fraught with danger", they toured the Dead Sea area, misidentified Sodom and Gomorrah, and sketched the first map of Masada. They discovered the Shihan Stele and identified Tell es-Sultan as the site of the ancient city of Jericho.
De Saucy conducted an early archaeological dig in the Holy Land in 1863. They excavated the Tombs of the Kings in Jerusalem, mistakenly identifying them as the Tombs of the House of David. They discovered the sarcophagus of Queen Helena of Adiabene, although they believed the bones inside, wrapped in shrouds with golden embroidery, were the remains of the wife of a king of Judea from the First Temple period, possibly Zedekiah or Jehoash. De Saulcy was forced to suspend the dig when the news that human bones were being dug up drew the ire of the Jewish community of Jerusalem. The sarcophagus and other findings were sent to France and displayed at the Louvre.
Numismatics
De Saulcy's archaeological work is now considered amateurish, but they are recognized as an important numismatist. They were the first to catalogue the coins of Palestine and amassed a large coin collection.
Philately
De Saulcy was also a stamp collector. They sold their collection to Frederick Adolphus Philbrick.
Published works
Numismatique des Croisades (1847);
Recherches sur la numismatique judaïque (1854);
"Numismatique de la Terre Sainte" (1874);
Voyage autour de la Mer Morte (2 vols., 1853);
Voyage en Terre Sainte (2 vols., 1865; including their account of the excavation of the Tombs of the Kings in vol. 1,345–410; vol. 2, 188–9, 309–11);
(1872): Voyage en terre sainte Vol 1.
(1872): Voyage en terre sainte Vol 2.
Carnets de voyage en Orient, ed. by F. Bassan (1955)
See also
Archaeology of Israel
Syro-Palestinian archaeology
References
Bibliography
Rosenberg, Stephen, "Felicien de Saulcy and the Rediscovery of Tyros in Jordan," Palestine Exploration Quarterly, 138,1 (2006), 35-41.
Archaeologists of the Near East
Scientists from Lille
French orientalists
French archaeologists
1807 births
1880 deaths
Palestinologists
French numismatists
French philatelists
The 1986 Bexley Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Bexley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Sanghyon "Joseph" Cheong (born June 3, 1986) is a Korean-American professional poker player who is a World Series of Poker bracelet winner and a former finalist at the WSOP Main Event.
Cheong was born in Seoul, South Korea before moving to the United States at the age of 6. They earned degrees in psychology and math and economics from the University of California, San Diego.
Cheong played online poker under the screen name "subiime," compiling winnings of $3.7 million. In 2010, Cheong made the November Nine of the WSOP Main Event. With the chip lead 3-handed, they six-bet all-in with against the of Jonathan Duhamel and lost what was at the time the largest pot in WSOP history. They eventually finished in 3rd place, earning $4,130,049.
In 2012, Cheong finished runner-up in the $5,000 No Limit Hold'em Mixed Max event. They were also second in a $1,500 2-7 Draw Lowball event in 2014. Cheong finally won their first WSOP bracelet in 2019, outlasting a field of 6,214 in the $1,000 No Limit Hold'em Double Stack event to earn $687,782. They also finished fourth at the WSOP Europe Main Event in 2012 and has three WSOP circuit rings. In total, Cheong has 43 WSOP cashes and nearly $7 million in earnings.
As of 2019, Cheong's total live tournament winnings are nearly $14 million.
World Series of Poker bracelets
References
External links
Hendon Mob profile
WSOP.com profile
Living people
1986 births
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
American people of Korean descent
People from Seoul
People from Las Vegas
Björn-Erik Höijer ( 14 March 1907 – 10 February 1996) was a Swedish novelist, short-story writer and playwright.
Biography
Björn-Erik Höijer was born at Malmberget, Sweden.
Originally a handicraft teacher (sloyd), Höijer made their literary debut in 1940 with the short-story collection Grått berg. Among their novels are Parentation from 1945 and Lavinen from 1961. Among their plays are Isak Juntti hade många söner from 1954 and En gruvarbetares död from 1990. They were awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1967.
They died during 1996 and was buried at Uppsala gamla kyrkogård.
References
1907 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Swedish dramatists and playwrights
Dobloug Prize winners
20th-century Swedish novelists
Swedish male novelists
Swedish male dramatists and playwrights
Burials at Uppsala old cemetery
Sloyd
20th-century Swedish male writers
Christina Cifuentes is an Australian expert in energy policy and markets, and was a board member of the Australian Energy Regulator, Australia's national energy market regulator, who was awarded an Order of Australia in the 2022 Queens Birthday Honours list, for their significant service to economic and energy sector regulation, and to consumer protection.
Early life and career
Cifuentes was born in Spain, and spent their childhood and grew up within Sydney. They obtained a first class honours degree in law (Bachelor of Laws at the University of Technology, Sydney), then followed by a Bachelor of Economics at the University of Sydney. They were head of legal policy at ASIC from 1990 – 1993 and has worked in both the private and public sectors, with experience at NSW Treasury, the Reserve Bank of Australia, as well as the Australian Securities Commission.
Cifuentes started a role as a Commissioner of the ACCC (Australian Competition and Consumer commission) in 2013, for five years, and then their term was reappointed, in 2018. They were also a board member of the Australian Energy Regulator, and provided advice on policy on energy regularion,
Cifuentes was director of the Hunter Water Corporation, NSW T Corp as well as First State Super Trustee Corporation. They were also the chair of the ACCC's committee for Communications and Infrastructure. They were employed at the Harrison Riedel Foundation, and is a member of the Finance Committee of the St Patrick's Church within the Rocks area of Sydney CBD. They have given International talks on energy policy and markets.
Gender Equity
Cifuentes's work supporting and advocating for women and people from cultural and linguistically diverse communities was recognised while they were at the ACCC. They were involved in mentoring, within the Women in Energy international program.
Cifuentes has been a mentor for the Women in Law Enforcement Strategies, Law student program, University of Notre Dame, as well as the NSW Premier's Council for Women.
They commented on the need for women to have leadership roles on boards:“Women are, and should be, considered equally capable as men in terms of being developed as future leaders. This has to happen from their very first job, not 15 to 20 years into their work-life, when companies start to cast around looking for potential female directors. So whilst the commitment to getting more women on boards may be there, organisations need to do a lot more in terms of developing the talent and capabilities of their female staff from the very beginning. They also need to provide opportunities for them to continue to work meaningfully if they decide to take up family obligations.”
Awards
2022 – Queens Birthday Honour List – AM
2016 – UTS Alumni award for Excellence – law.
References
Living people
20th-century births
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australian women lawyers
Women in law
Australian women economists
Members of the Order of Australia
Spanish expatriates in Australia
University of Technology Sydney alumni
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1971 season.
Overview
It was contested by 13 teams, and VEF won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The Beth Eden Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church building at 82 Maple Street in Waltham, Massachusetts. Built in 1891, it is a fine local example of Romanesque Revival architecture, and is further notable as the oldest church on Waltham's South Side. The church was added to the National Historic Register of Historic Places in 1989. Its current minister is Rev. Dr. Sylvia Torrence Johnson.
Architecture and history
The church is located on the north side of Maple Street, just west of its junction with Moody Street. Maple Street is a major east-west route through Waltham's South Side, and Moody Street is its economic spine. The church is built principally of brick, but the lower half of the ground floor is fashioned out of uncoursed fieldstone. The gabled roof is oriented north-south, with a tall tower at the southwest corner, that has an open belfry topped by a pyramidal roof with gable-topped clock faces. The main entrance is housed inside a large round-arch opening at the base of the gabled section, and has two board-and-batten doors flanked by Romanesque windows with simple tracery.
The church was designed by William M. Butterfield of Manchester, New Hampshire, and completed in 1891. It is the oldest surviving church building on Waltham's South Side, built during expansion related to the success of the Waltham Watch Company. The congregation was organized out of the city's First Baptist Church in 1887. The building suffered a major fire in 1908, from which it was rebuilt to largely the same plan, allowing increased space for an organ. The tower originally housed a city-owned clock.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
External links
Beth Eden Baptist Church
Baptist churches in Massachusetts
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Churches in Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
The Summit, which opened in October 1997, is a 1 million square foot (93,000 m2) upscale lifestyle center located at the intersection of U.S. Highway 280 and Interstate 459 in Birmingham, Alabama.
Development
Bayer Properties, the owner and developer of the center, planned its construction over multiple phases. The first phase was a collection of 30 retailers and restaurants including Parisian (now Belk) and Barnes & Noble that originally opened with the center in 1997. The second phase included an additional 20 retailers including Gap in 1999. The third phase was opened in 2001 with the anchor of Saks Fifth Avenue. The fourth phase opened in 2005 and includes some 20 to 30 additional retailers and restaurants, bringing the center to nearly 1 million square feet (93,000 m2). A fifth expansion will include a luxury hotel and 15-story condo towers, in addition to extra retail space.
In 2000, the center averaged US$500 in retail sales per square foot (US$5380 per sq m), compared to a national average of US$358 (US$3852 per sq m) that same year. In promotional literature that the developer provides to prospective retail tenants, Bayer claims that customers currently spend $117 per visit, compared to a national average of $87.
Bayer Properties has trademarked the brand "The Summit" and is in process of building other centers featuring the Summit name brand in other markets. The first of these opened in Louisville, Kentucky, in 2001, while another center in Reno, Nevada, opened in 2007. Additional Summit lifestyle centers are being developed in Bethlehem Township, Pennsylvania, Lexington, Kentucky, and suburban Atlanta.
Lawsuit against Belk
When Belk took over the Parisian chain from Saks and announced plans to convert Parisian stores to the Belk nameplate, Bayer filed a lawsuit against Belk, contending that the Belk brand was not as upscale as Parisian, and that the conversion violated a covenant requiring Belk to occupy the space with a "first-class" retail store. The suit was settled in 2007. Terms of the settlement were not made public, but Belk did announce plans to make the store a "flagship" store — its first such location outside North Carolina, and third overall in the chain — with upgraded brand names and lines over and above their standard offerings. The name change took place in September 2007.
See also
List of leading shopping streets and districts by city
The Summit (Reno)
Paddock Shops, a similar center in Louisville, Kentucky previously known as The Summit of Louisville
References
External links
The Summit Official Website
Bayer Properties web site
International Council of Shopping Centers article on Lifestyle Centers
USAToday listing of Lifestyle Centers around the country
Shopping districts and streets in the United States
Buildings and structures in Birmingham, Alabama
Shopping malls in the Birmingham, Alabama metro area
Shopping malls established in 1997
Lifestyle centers (retail)
Tadhg Ua Cellaigh, 39th King of Uí Maine and 6th Chief of the Name, abducted 1145.
References in the Annals
Tadhg and Uí Maine are mentioned infrequently in the annals, reflecting the kingdom's subordinate status within the kingdom of Connacht. Some references include the following:
:1136:
The fleet of Murchadh Ua Maeleachlainn on the Sinainn and on Loch Ribh; the Sil-Muireadhaigh, with their king, i.e. Conchobhar, son of Toirdhealbhach, and the Ui-Maine, with their lord, i.e. Tadhg Ua Ceallaigh, came, and both left hostages with Murchadh.
:1137:
All the province of Connacht was laid waste, from Drobhaeis to the Sinainn and to Echtghe (Slieve Aughty), and the people themselves were driven into Iar Connacht (West Connacht).
:1140:
The successor of Patrick made a visitation of Connacht for the first time, and obtained their full tribute, and their churches were adjusted to their jurisdiction by Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair and the chieftains of Connacht, and the successor of Patrick and their clergy left a blessing on the king and the chieftains of Connacht.
:1142:
A predatory excursion was made by Conchobhar, son of Toirdhealbhach, and the Ui-Maine, upon the Cinel-Forgo, and carried off countless kine.
:1144:
Domhnall Ua Ceallaigh was killed by the three sons of the grandson of Conchobhar Ua Ceallaigh, namely, Donnchadh, Amhlaeibh, and Lochlainn.
Abduction and disappearance
In 1145, an army of Munster invaded Connacht. The Four Masters state they carried off Ua Ceallaigh, i.e. Tadhg, son of Conchobhar, lord of Ui-Maine, and slew Ruaidhri Ua Flaithbheartaigh. No more is heard of Tadhg, who was succeeded by Conchobar Maenmaige Ua Cellaigh soon after. Conchobar appears to have been their son or grandson.
References
The Tribes and customs of Hy-Many, John O'Donovan, 1843
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
People from County Galway
People from County Roscommon
Tadhg
12th-century Irish monarchs
Kings of Uí Maine
Roberto Gandolfi (14 July 1956 – 18 February 2018) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Personal life
Gandolfi was son of Renato Gandolfi, second goalkeeper of the Grande Torino and one of the only two survivors who miraculously escaped the Superga air disaster.
See also
Italy men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Genoa
Ichon may refer to:
Ichon County, a county in Kangwon province, North Korea
Ichon Chongnyon Station, the railway station for Ichon, North Korea
Ichon-dong, a dong of Yongsan-gu, Seoul, South Korea
Ichon Station, a transfer point on the Seoul Metro
Ichon, a barangay in Macrohon, Southern Leyte, Philippines
See also
Icheon, a city in Gyeonggi province, South Korea
L&D may refer to:
Learning and development, in human resource management and training
Labor and delivery
See also
L/D (disambiguation)
Afro-Haitians are Haitians who trace their full or partial ancestry to Sub-Saharan Africa. They form the largest racial group in Haiti and together with other Afro-Caribbean groups, the largest racial group in the region.
The majority of Afro-Haitians are descendants of enslaved Africans brought to the island by the Spanish Empire and the Kingdom of France to work on plantations. Since the Haitian Revolution, Afro-Haitians have been the largest racial group in the country, accounting for 85% of the population in the early 21st century. The remaining 15% of the population is made up of mixed persons (mixed African and European descent) and other minor groups (European, Arab, and Asian descent).
Origins
The African people of Haiti derived from various areas, spanning from Senegal to the Congo. Most of which were brought from West Africa, with a considerable number also brought from Central Africa. Some of these groups include those from the former Kongo kingdom (Kongo), (Igbo Benin (Ewe and Yoruba) and Togo land. Others in Haiti were brought from Senegal, Guinea (imported by the Spanish since the sixteenth century and then by the French), Sierra Leone, Windward Coast, Angola, Cameroon, Nigeria, Ghana, Togo, and Southeast Africa (such as the Bara tribesmen of Madagascar, who were brought to Haiti in the eighteenth century). Haitian culture is very tied to West African culture, especially that of pre-colonialism Benin, Haitian Vodou mostly has origins from the original West African Vodun of Benin and the French-based Haitian Creole language has influences from several African languages including the Fon language. At the time of the Haitian Revolution war, an event that involved the expulsion of many whites (mostly French) in Haiti, many of the blacks in Haiti were African-born and had no non-African admixture. This was because the average African slave in colonial Haiti had a short life span and France continuously imported thousands of Africans yearly to keep the slave population up, by 1790 there were nearly 600,000 slaves, outnumbering whites about 20 to 1.
Demography
Although Haiti averages approximately 250 people per square kilometre (650 per sq mi.), its population is concentrated most heavily in urban areas, coastal plains, and valleys. Haiti's population was about 9.8 million according to UN 2008 estimates, with half of the population being under 20 years old. The first formal census, taken in 1950, showed a population of 3.1 million.
According to The World Factbook, 95% of Haitians are primarily of African descent; the remaining 5% of the population are mostly of mixed-race and European background, and a number of other ethnicities.
Culture
Culture, religion and social organization are the result in Haiti of a process of syncretism between French and African traditions, mainly Dahomey-Nigerian. A small minority cultural practice in Haiti is Haitian Vodou. This probably originated in Benin, although there are strong elements added from the Congo of Central Africa and many African nations are represented in the liturgy of Sèvis Lwa. A generally ignored but significant element is that of the Taino people, the indigenous people of Hispaniola. The Tainos were influential in the belief system of Haitian Vodou, especially in the Petro cult, a religious group with no counterpart on the African continent. Characterized by the worship of the loa, the sect has influences from Native American folklore zemis. The entire northern area of Haiti is influenced by the practices of the Congo. In the north, these are often called Rites Congo or Lemba. In the south, the Congo influence is called Petwo (Petro). Many loa are of Congolese origin, such as Basimbi and Lemba.
Polygyny persists alongside Catholic marriages. The dances and some forms of recreation tie in with African activities. The preparation of beans is done in the style of Western Africa. Popular literature retains fables and other forms that are expressed in the vernacular. Economic activities are typical of Western culture and clothing tends to be European, but the scarf worn by women over the head is typical of clothing worn throughout West Africa.
Two languages are spoken in Haiti. French is taught in schools and known by about 42% of the population, but spoken by a minority of black and biracial residents, in Port-au-Prince and other cities. Haitian Creole, with roots in French, Spanish, Taino. Portuguese, English and African languages, is a language with dialectal forms in different regions. It is spoken throughout the country, but is used extensively in rural areas.
The music of Haiti is heavily influenced by the rhythms which came from Africa with the slaves. Two of these rhythms come directly from the harbour and the Congo; a third rhythm, the "petro", developed on the island during the colonial era. All are part of the rhythms used in Vodou ceremonies. These rhythms have created a musical style, rasin, where percussion is the most important musical instrument, and despite being closely related to religion has become a popular kind of folk music. Another type of music, which arises spontaneously from people with hand-held instruments, is twoubadou, a musical style that has endured to this day. Currently the music heard in Haiti's Compas genre is a little softer than the merengue, and combines Congo rhythms with European and Caribbean influences. Kompa is the most current version of this rhythm.
Notable People
Dutherson Clerveaux
Hannes Delcroix
Samuel Dalembert
Mikaël Cantave
Wyclef
Fabrice Noël
See also
Marabou
Haitian emigration
Haitians
Haitian Revolution
Slavery in Haiti
Afro-Dominicans
Afro-Latin Americans
Afro-Caribbean
African diaspora
History of West Africa
Black people
References and footnotes
Ethnic groups in Haiti
People of African descent
People of Saint-Domingue
Hyperailurictis is an extinct genus of felid from Miocene North America. The Hyperailurictis species are Pseudaelurus-grade felids and thought to be the first felids in the Americas.
Taxonomy and Evolution
Taxonomic history
In 1858, the paleontologist Joseph Leidy described a new species of cat, Felis intrepidus, based on lower jaw fragments (a left ramus, described, and a right ramus, mentioned only and now lost) found somewhere in Nebraska near the Niobrara river. The fragments were later determined to have come from the lower Valentine Formation, making them late Barstovian in age. Leidy reassigned the specimens to Pseudaelurus as Pseudaelurus intrepidus in a 1869 paper.
In 1873, an expedition collected another lower jaw from the lower Valentine Formation, which was described by Thorpe in 1922 as the holotype of the new species Pseudaelurus marshi. They also described a paratype, a left ramus collected from part of the Ogallala Group (also of Barstovian age).
In 1934, Chester Stock assigned five specimens to Pseudaelurus intrepidus. The specimens, which included the first cranial and upper dental material to be assigned to North American Pseudaelurus, were found at an early Barstovian locality in Nevada. One specimen, a skull, would later undergo considerable plaster restoration.
In 1948, J. R. Macdonald described Pseudaelurus pedionomus based on a considerable amount of material (including a good part of the skeleton) from an early Clarendonian locality in Nebraska. Shortly after, they also described Pseudaelurus thinobates, a larger species from a late Clarendonian locality in California. However, David Kitt removed Pseudaelurus thinobates from the genus, placing it instead as Nimravides thinobates, during a 1958 study. Subsequently, a review of the genus reassigned Pseudaelurus pedionomus to the new genus as Nimravides pedionomus.
J. R. Macdonald described a third species, Pseudaelurus aeluroides, in 1954 based on a single lower jaw fragment. The fragment was found in the lower Snake Creek locality, and was from the early Barstovian. The fragment remained the only specimen assigned to Ps. aeluroides, and an examination of illustration and measurements of the fragment in 2003 lead Tom Rothwell to suggest that it actually belonged to a juvenile Ps. marshi.
In 1963, some early Clarendonian material from Colorado, mostly skeletal pieces and all from a single individual, was referred to genus Pseudaelurus, but a species determination was not made.
In 1969, some material from the Hemphillian of Texas was referred to the new species Pseudaelurus hibbardi. Similar in size to Nimravides pedionomus, this was referred in 2003 to Nimravides hibbardi instead.
In 2001, Tom Rothwell described a skeleton from the later Hemingfordian as Pseudaelurus validus. The skeleton was originally collected in 1939 from the Nambe Member locality in New Mexico. In the same paper, they also assigned a number of specimens collected from multiple localities in Nebraska, dated to the late Hemingfordian and early Barstovian.
A systematic review of the genus in 2003 by Tom Rothwell nominated a new species, Pseudaelurus skinneri, and recombined Lynx stouti as Pseudaelurus stouti. Pseudaelurus skinneri was described based on several jaw fragments collected from various late Hemingfordian localities in Nebraska. Lynx stouti was first described in 1972 based on some late Barstovian material, a partial skull and mandible, collected in Colorado. They also referred a number of other specimens, collected from early Barstovian localities in Nebraska and New Mexico and from late Barstovian localities in New Mexico and Colorado, to Pseudaelurus stouti.
The genus Hyperailurictis was first described in 1929 by Ketzoi, using Pseudaelurus intrepidus as the type species, proposed to include all Pseudaelurus-grade felids from North America. However, this was largely ignored by later studies until a 2010 review of the Felidae as a whole brought up the proposal again, leading to some authors, though not all, recognizing the generic split.
Description
Hyperailurictis intrepidus was a relatively large species, comparable in size to a modern-day leopard, and overlapping in size with the Eurasian Pseudaelurus quadridentatus. H. marshi was also a large species, but differed from H. intrepidus because of certain mandibular features. H. stouti, which was contemporary with the two, was by contrast a very small and slender felid. H. validus overlaps in size with H. intrepidus and H. marshi, being similar in size to a leopard. The final species, H. skinneri is much smaller than H. validus, overlapping in size with the Eurasian species Pseudaelurus lorteti, P. cuspidatus, and P. guangheensis.
Distribution and habitat
Hyperailurictis validus and Hyperailurictis skinneri are the earliest recorded species, both occurring in various late Hemingfordian localities; H. validus in New Mexico and Nebraska, and H. skinneri only in Nebraska. H. validus is also known from several early Barstovian localities in Nebraska.
Also known from early Barstovian-aged localities are the species H. intrepidus (localities in Texas, Colorado, Nevada, California, and Nebraska), H marshi (localities in Texas, California, Colorado, and Nebraska) and H. stouti (from localities in Nebraska and New Mexico). The dubious species H. aeluroides is also based on a fossil from the early Barstovian; the fossil in question was found in Nebraska.
In addition, H. intrepidus, H. marshi, and H. stouti are all known from localities of late Barstovian age. H. intrepidus and H. marshi are both known from localities in Nebraska and California, with H. marshi additionally occurring in localities in Colorado and New Mexico. H. stouti has been recorded in localities in Colorado and New Mexico as well.
References
Prehistoric felids
Prehistoric carnivoran genera
Miocene mammals of North America
Miocene carnivorans
Fossil taxa described in 1929
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1960 season.
Overview
It was contested by 12 teams, and ASK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Scotland national cerebral palsy football team is the national cerebral football team for Scotland that represents the team in international competitions. At the 2015 IPCPF World Championships, Scotland finished 9th after defeating Canada in overtime.
Background
Scottish Disability Sport (SDS) manages the national team. While Scotland was active in participating on the World Championship level by 2016, the country did not have a national championship to support national team player development.
Ranking
Scotland was ranked ninth in the world by the IFCPF in 2016. In November 2014, they were ranked seventh. In August 2013, the team was eighth. Scotland was ranked sixth in September 2012. The team was ranked seventh in July 2011.
Players
There have been a number of players for the Scottish squad.
Results
Scotland has participated in a number of international tournaments. The team was scheduled to participate in the 2016 IFCPF Qualification Tournament World Championships in Vejen, Denmark in early August. The tournament was part of the qualifying process for the 2017 IFCPF World Championships. Other teams scheduled to participate included Canada, Portugal, Iran, Northern Ireland, Australia, Venezuela, Japan, Republic of South Korea, Germany, Denmark, and Spain.
IFCPF World Championships
Scotland has participated in the IFCPF World Championships. At the 2011 CP-ISRA World Championship in Drenthe, Scotland defeated Canada 4 - 1.
References
Cerebral Palsy
Great Britain at the Paralympics
National cerebral palsy football teams
Protected areas of Indonesia comprise both terrestrial and marine environments in any of the six IUCN Protected Area categories. There are over 500 protected areas in Indonesia, of which 54 National Park are covering 16.4 million ha, and another 527 nature and game reserves cover further 28.3 million ha. The total protected land area represents over 15% of Indonesia's landmass. Marine Protected Areas comprise over 15.7 million ha representing ca. 5% of territorial waters.
History
In 1916 the colonial government of the Dutch East Indies introduced the Natural Monuments Ordinance, which led to the gazetting of 43 nature reserves in the following decade. The first two large reserves were Ujung Kulon (1921) protecting the Javan rhinoceros and Lorentz (1923) protecting indigenous tribes. In 1932 through the Ordinance on Nature reserves and Wildlife Sanctuary a new legal framework for protected areas has been established. By 1940 a network of 101 nature monuments and 35 wildlife sanctuaries has been created.
After Indonesia's independence, legislation to establish game reserves was introduced in 1967, while national parks have been first defined in 1982. During the Suharto era the extent of protected areas has been increased to cover 10% of the country's land area. In a major expansion in 2004, nine new national parks were created covering over 1,3 million ha.
National parks
There are 54 national parks in Indonesia, of which 9 are predominantly marine.
Of these 6 are World Heritage Sites, such as the Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra that includes three parks. Seven national parks are part of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves and 5 are wetlands of international importance under the Ramsar convention.
Nature reserves
Hutan Pinus/Janthoi Nature Reserve, Sumatra
Singkil Barat Nature Reserve, Sumatra
Tangkoko Batuangus Nature Reserve, Sulawesi
Ubud Monkey Forest, Bali
Marine parks
As of 2012 Indonesia had over 100 marine protected areas covering an area of 15.7 million ha, of which 32 where managed by the Ministry of Forestry while the rest where managed by local governments. In 2009 the president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono declared a target of reaching 20 million hectares by 2020. In 2010 Indonesia also set out a longer term target to further increase the coverage of its marine protected areas to 10% of its territorial waters, or 31 million hectares.
Other protected areas
Gita Persada Butterfly Park, Sumatra
See also
Environmental issues in Indonesia
Heart of Borneo
References
External links
Protected areas
Indonesia
Indonesia
Protected areas
2010 Oita Trinita season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Oita Trinita
Oita Trinita seasons
Bradford Regional Airport is 11 miles south of Bradford, in Lafayette Township, McKean County, Pennsylvania. It has scheduled airline service subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
The airport is owned by the Bradford Regional Airport Authority and serves Pennsylvania and western New York including Olean, NY. It is surrounded by the oil field which makes up a large part of local economy. Bradford is the home of Zippo lighters and Case knives; there is an armory at the airport for the National Guard.
The National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2021–2025 categorized it as a non-primary commercial service airport (between 2,500 and 10,000 enplanements per year).
Former airline service
Its first scheduled airline flights were United Airlines Douglas DC-3s in 1948. In 1953 United's DC-3 flew New York Newark Airport - Philadelphia - Bradford - Youngstown - Akron/Canton - Cleveland - Toledo - Chicago Midway Airport - Moline, IL - Cedar Rapids - Omaha - Lincoln, NE. United left in 1954.
In 1953 Allegheny Airlines DC-3s stopped at Bradford on a multi-stop route between Buffalo, NY and Pittsburgh. In 1971 Allegheny Convair 580s flew nonstop to Erie, Harrisburg, Jamestown, NY, New York Newark Airport, Pittsburgh and Washington National Airport and direct to Detroit. Allegheny introduced McDonnell Douglas DC-9-30s and flew one-stop in 1976 from Chicago O'Hare Airport via Erie and from New York LaGuardia Airport via Elmira while continuing to fly nonstop Convair 580s from Buffalo and Pittsburgh. Allegheny remained until 1979 when Allegheny Commuter took over, with nonstop Beechcrafts from Buffalo and nonstop Short 330s from Pittsburgh. Allegheny Commuter service continued for a number of years for Allegheny successor USAir. In 1994 Allegheny Commuter successor USAir Express was operating nonstop code sharing BAe Jetstream 31s to Pittsburgh. USAir changed its name to US Airways with US Airways Express Beechcraft 1900Cs being flown nonstop to Pittsburgh in 1999.
Facilities
The airport covers 1,015 acres (411 ha) at an elevation of 2,143 feet (653 m). It has two asphalt runways: 14/32 is 6,307 by 150 feet (1,922 x 46 m) and 5/23 is 4,499 by 100 feet (1,371 x 30 m).
In the year ending January 31, 2019, the airport had 2,987 aircraft operations, an average of 8 per day: 80% commercial, 14% general aviation, 4% air taxi and 2% military. In April 2022, there were 15 aircraft based at this airport: all 15 single-engine.
Airline and destination
Scheduled passenger flights:
Statistics
Accidents and Incidents
References
Other sources
Essential Air Service documents (Docket OST-2003-14528) from the U.S. Department of Transportation:
Order 2006-3-17 (March 24, 2006): selecting RegionsAir to provide essential air service (EAS) with 30-passenger Saab 340 aircraft at Bradford, Pennsylvania, and Jamestown, New York, for two years. Service will be three round trips a day to Cleveland Hopkins International Airport, and the annual subsidy rate will be set at $1,649,913.
Order 2006-9-20 (September 21, 2006): tentatively vacating Order 2006-3-17 that selected Regions Air, Inc., to provide essential air service at Bradford, Pennsylvania, and Jamestown, New York, for two years. In addition, the Department is tentatively selecting Colgan Air, Inc., d/b/a US Airways Express to provide essential air service at both communities under its Pittsburgh option, i.e., three round trips each weekday and weekend to Pittsburgh at an annual subsidy rate of $2,434,827.
Order 2006-10-3 (October 4, 2006): finalizes Order 2006-9-20, which tentatively vacated our earlier selection of RegionsAir, Inc. to provide EAS at Bradford and Jamestown, and instead selects Colgan Air, Inc. d/b/a US Airways Express (Colgan) to provide EAS at both communities from October 1, 2006, through September 30, 2008, at an annual subsidy rate of $2,434,827. The subsidy rate is based on service to Pittsburgh, although Colgan has stated it is evaluating serving Washington Dulles International Airport instead of Pittsburgh, the service originally supported by both communities, at the same subsidy rate.
Order 2008-6-37 (June 30, 2008): selecting Gulfstream International Airlines, Inc. to provide subsidized essential air service (EAS) at Bradford, Pennsylvania, and Jamestown, New York, at a total annual subsidy of $2,701,865, for the two-year period from October 1, 2008, through September 30, 2010. However, if Gulfstream does not inaugurate full EAS by October 1, 2008, the selection defaults to Colgan Air, Inc. d/b/a United Express for the same two-period, for a total annual subsidy of $3,826,587.
Order 2010-9-12 (September 9, 2010): re-selecting Gulfstream International Airlines to provide essential air service (EAS) at Bradford, DuBois, and Oil City/Franklin, Pennsylvania, and Jamestown, New York, for a combined annual subsidy of $5,870,657 ($1,639,254 for Jamestown), from October 1, 2010, through September 30, 2012.
Order 2012-9-23 (September 27, 2012): selecting Silver Airways to provide Essential Air Service (EAS) at Bradford, DuBois, Franklin/Oil City, Pennsylvania, Jamestown, New York, and Parkersburg, West Virginia/Marietta, Ohio, for a combined annual subsidy of $10,348,117 ($1,940,272 for Bradford; $2,587,029 for DuBois, $1,293,515 for Franklin, $1,940,272 for Jamestown, and $2,587,029 for Parkersburg), from October 1, 2012, through September 30, 2014.
Notice of Intent (February 14, 2014): of Silver Airways Corp. to discontinue scheduled air service between Cleveland, Ohio (CLE) and: Jamestown, New York (JHW), Bradford, Pennsylvania (BFD), DuBois, Pennsylvania (DUJ), Franklin/Oil City, Pennsylvania (FKL), and Parkersburg, West Virginia/Marietta, Ohio (PKB).
Order 2014-4-26 (April 24, 2014): directing interested persons to show cause as to why the Department should not terminate the eligibility ... under the Essential Air Service (EAS) program based on criteria passed by Congress in the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law No. 112-95). We find that Bradford is within 175 miles of a large or medium hub, Buffalo Niagara International Airport (BUF), a medium hub, and, thus, is subject to the 10-enplanement statutory criterion. We also find that during fiscal year 2013, Bradford generated a total of 4,292 passengers (inbound plus outbound). Consistent with the methodology described above, that results in an average of 6.9 enplanements per day, below the 10-enplanement statutory criterion necessary to remain eligible in the EAS program.
External links
Bradford Regional Airport at Pennsylvania DOT Bureau of Aviation
Aerial image as of April 2001 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Pennsylvania
Essential Air Service
Transportation buildings and structures in McKean County, Pennsylvania
Airports with year of establishment missing
The International Institute of Agriculture (IIA) was founded in Rome in 1905 by the King of Italy Victor Emmanuel III with the intent of creating a clearinghouse for collection of agricultural statistics. It was created primarily due to the efforts of David Lubin. In 1930, the IIA published the first world agricultural census. After World War II, both its assets and mandate were handed over to the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations.
History
In 1904 the idea of such an institute came to David Lubin of Sacramento, California, and their project found favor with the king of Italy. The latter gave a building in Rome and an annual income of $60,000. The king called the first congress in 1906, and delegates attended from 40 countries. At the congress, a treaty was formed making the institute a permanent organization and defining its scope and activities.
Government
The government of the IIA was vested in the general assembly of delegates from affiliated countries, meeting every two years, and in a permanent executive committee, on which there was one representative from each country. This permanent committee had direct charge of the IIA. The general officers were the president (also chairperson of the permanent committee), the vice president and the secretary general.
The work of the institute was divided among four bureaus:
Bureau of the secretary general had charge of the personnel, financial and other routine business, the building and its equipment, the printing and distribution of publications, the library and general bibliographical work, and, as a more recent service, the preparation and publication of an annual compilation of agricultural legislation in the different countries of the world.
Bureau of general statistics collected, collated and published statistics of production and commerce in agricultural products, both animal and vegetable, throughout the world.
Bureau of agricultural intelligence and plant diseases collected and published information regarding the progress of scientific and experimental investigations and practical experience in agriculture throughout the world and, as a branch of this work, gives special attention to the diseases of plants and to entomology.
Bureau of economic and social institutions collected and published statistics and general information regarding agricultural co-operation, insurance and credit, together with other matters relating to the economic and social organization of rural communities.
The annual budget of the institute was $250,000 (c. 1915), contributed by the adhering governments on the basis of a number of units assigned to each country.
Publications
Those publications of the IIA which had a bearing on the formation of the price of the staples (such as crop reports and data on exports, imports and stocks) were based exclusively on official information, supplied direct to the institute by the adhering governments. Other publications were produced from (a) information officially communicated by the governments, (b) original articles contributed by eminent authorities designated by the adhering governments, (c) excerpts and abstracts of articles translated from the 2,225 official and unofficial periodical publications of the world received by the IIA.
The IIA printed and published two annuals and three monthly and one weekly bulletins, together with a considerable number of monographs on special subjects. The annuals dealt with agricultural statistics and legislation, respectively. The monthly bulletins were on (a) agricultural statistics (b) agricultural intelligence and diseases of plants, and (c) economic and social institutions, and the weekly bulletin is bibliographical. The monthly bulletins were published in French, German, English, Spanish, Italian and Hungarian. French being the official language of the IIA, the editions in that language were paid for from the funds of the Institute.
Provision for the edition in the other languages was made by the countries interested. The Congress of the United States made an annual appropriation of $5,000 (c. 1915) for translating and printing the English edition, the rest of the expense being borne by Great Britain and their colonies.
Library
The IIA collected a great library of agricultural literature. As the IIA became more firmly established and its value as an international clearing house on economic information was more generally recognized, it was met with a constantly increasing demand for the extension of its service along many lines.
After the IIA ceased operations in 1945, its library collection was transferred to David Lubin Memorial Library (DLML) of the FAO. The DLML is open to external visitors. Procedures for library visitors can be found here.
See also
David Lubin
Food and Agriculture Organization
References
Agricultural organisations based in Italy
Food science institutes
Food and Agriculture Organization
The MIT Engineers football represent the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the American football intercollegiate sport. The team plays in New England Women's and Men's Athletic Conferences (NEWMAC) and competes in Division III of the NCAA. Home games are played at Henry G. Steinbrenner '27 Stadia, located on the Institute's campus. The current coach is Brian Bubna.
History
The initial MIT football team, nicknamed the Techmen, recorded its first victory by defeating Exeter College, 2–0, in 1881. In 1901, the MIT student body voted 119–117 to discontinue the intercollegiate football squad. The university did continue to field sophomore and first-year student football teams into the 1920s. The last game played against another university was the MIT sophomore team against the Harvard first-year student team in 1901.
In 1978, a group of students self-organized to re-establish the team, though none of the school's administration knew at the time. To raise funds, they refereed intramural games, sold hot dogs, painted hurdles for track meets, took grants from the school, and sneaked loans from their fraternity budgets. For their uniforms, the team repurposed those of Rochester Institute of Technology, whose own football program had recently been cut.
Finally, the students met with then-MIT President Jerry Wiesner, who passed the issue toward MIT's athletic board where Jack Barry, an assistant athletic director, recommended that MIT support the club for at least one season. Jay Glass, who covered the team for MIT's newspaper, commented, “It was a hack on the university itself.” After a poor first season, the new MIT Engineers won their first victory in 1979 and went 6–1 the next year. In 1987, the club became a varsity program and joined the NCAA Division III. The next year, the team won its first varsity victory of the modern era, beating Stonehill, 29–7.
In 2014, the Engineers finished the regular season with a 9–0 record and won their first New England Football Conference title. The team won its second title, 9–1, in 2018, but lost to the Johns Hopkins Blue Jays in the playoffs. In 2019, MIT won its second consecutive NEWMAC conference title. They advanced to the NCAA Division III playoffs where they lost to Muhlenberg College. The 2020 season was cancelled due to coronavirus. In 2021, the Engineers finished the year with a 5-4 record.
References
American football teams established in 1881
1881 establishments in Massachusetts
S Musics is an audio rights record owned by producer-director S. Shankar. S Musics was formed to release soundtracks and albums for Tamil Films in the south India. Motto of S Musics "It is a place for new talents"
Audio Released
See also
S Shankar
S Pictures
References
Tamil cinema
Samantha A. Smith is an American actor.  They are known for their role as Mary Winchester on Supernatural.
Career
Smith began their career as a teenage model. They moved to Los Angeles and planned on doing commercials to support themselves while they attended UCLA. They were in an HBO commercial that aired during the Super Bowl; this exposure led to them finding an agent and beginning their acting career.
Them most notable role is Mary Winchester on the paranormal and fantasy TV series Supernatural. They have also had guest appearances on Rizzoli & Isles, Friends and Criminal Minds. Them film work includes Jerry Maguire and Transformers.
Personal life
Smith is married and has a son.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Winchester Bros Page
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
American film actores
American television actores
Living people
Actresses from Sacramento, California
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Takeda was born in Shizuoka Prefecture on July 13, 1978. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, they joined J2 League club Albirex Niigata in 2001. On October 28, they debuted as right side-back against Sagan Tosu. However they could only play this match and they left the club end of 2001 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
University of Tsukuba alumni
Association football people from Shizuoka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Albirex Niigata players
Association football defenders
The T. L. Thorpe Building was an historic commercial building located at 19 Traction Street in Manchester, New Hampshire. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982.
The building was constructed circa 1881 and was named for Thomas L. Thorpe, a prominent textile merchant, who maintained an office upstairs. The first floor was occupied by a produce dealer. Photographs of the building, which was razed in 1982, were taken by the Historic American Buildings Survey around 1933.
The property was removed from the NRHP in 1999. The former site of the building is approximately west of the current SNHU Arena.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire
References
Former National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Manchester, New Hampshire
Commercial buildings completed in 1881
Demolished buildings and structures in New Hampshire
Buildings and structures demolished in 1982
Hovdebrekka Slope () is a crevassed ice slope several miles long which trends northeastward from Skeidshovden Mountain in the Wohlthat Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. First photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39), it was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition (1956–60) and named Hovdebrekka (the knoll slope).
References
Ice slopes of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
The wrestling competition at the 2022 Mediterranean Games was held from 26 to 29 June at the EMEC Hall in Oran. The men's greco-Roman style 97 kg events were removed from the program because there was not enough participation. Albania, Algeria and San Marino won their first gold medals in the Wrestling at the Mediterranean Games.
Competition schedule
All times are (UTC+1)
Medal table
Medalists
Men's freestyle
Men's Greco-Roman
Women's freestyle
Participating nations
139 wrestlers from 19 counries:
References
External links
Official site
Results book
Wrestling
2022
Mediterranean
Hasina Ahmed is a Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) politician and a former Jatiya Sangsad member from the Cox's Bazar-1 constituency.
Career
Ahmed was elected to parliament from Cox's Bazar-1 in 2008 as a BNP nominee.
Personal life
Ahmed is married to Salahuddin Ahmed, also a fellow BNP politician and two times Jatiya Sangsad member from the same constituency.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Nationalist Party politicians
9th Jatiya Sangsad members
Women members of the Jatiya Sangsad
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Cars on the Road is an American computer-animated adventure comedy series of shorts produced by Pixar for the Disney+ streaming service and based on the Cars franchise. The main cast includes Owen Wilson as Lightning McQueen and Larry the Cable Guy as Mater. It premiered on September 8, 2022, as part of Disney+ Day. The series is written by Steve Purcell and produced by Marc Sondheimer.
Plot
Set after Cars 3, the series follows Lightning McQueen and Mater on a cross-country road trip across the United States as they journey eastward to attend a wedding for Mater's sister. The episodes depict the characters in various scenarios, for example, them being chased by dinosaur-like cars. It is set in new locations with a multitude of new characters, including their new friend Ivy, a monster truck who travels with them, as well as featuring the return of already established characters from the franchise.
Cast
Owen Wilson as Lightning McQueen
Larry the Cable Guy as Mater
Quinta Brunson as Ivy
Cristela Alonzo as Cruz Ramirez
Dana Powell as Mato
Oscar Camacho as Mateo
Bonnie Hunt as Sally Carrera
Jenifer Lewis as Flo
Cheech Marin as Ramone
Lloyd Sherr as Fillmore
Tony Shalhoub as Luigi
Guido Quaroni as Guido
Tania Gunadi as Lisa
Ruth Livier as Louise
Steve Purcell as Randy / Wraith Rod
Matt Yang King as Clutch Humboldt / Wraith Rod / Crew Pitty
Kathy Holly as Speed Demon
Masa Kansome as Noriyuki
Toks Olagundoye as Margaret Motorray / Chiefess
Gabby Sanalitro as Griswold
Megan Cavanagh as Mae Pillar-Durev / Bella Cadavre
Hayden Bishop as Kay Pillar-Durev / 1st AD
Secunda Wood as Brakelight Pictures Producer
Matt Lowe as Brakelight Pictures Crew Members
Zeno Robinson as Lance the Writer / Jeremy
Dave Fennoy as Town Marshall / Justice Stern
Tom Bromhead as Cap'n Long Leggy
Debra Cardona as Squat
Red, Mack, Sheriff, Sarge and Lizzie make silent cameos in Dino Park, the latter's voice actor, Katherine Helmond, having passed away in 2019.
Episodes
Production
Development
On December 10, 2020, Pixar announced on Disney Investors Day that an animated series starring Lightning McQueen and Mater traveling the country while meeting friends, new and old, was in development and that it would be released on Disney+ in the fall of 2022. It also announced that the series is written by Steve Purcell and produced by Marc Sondheimer, with Purcell, Bobby Podesta and Cars 3 director Brian Fee directing episodes for the series. According to Sondheimer, the directors worked together to maintain continuity within the series. On November 12, 2021, it was announced that the series would be titled Cars on the Road. Production for the series took place over 15 months.
Writing
The filmmakers wanted a short-form series because they felt it was the best way to explore the concept of a road trip, while also exploring the relationship between McQueen and Mater, as the producers felt the characters lacked screentime together. Each episode features a different tone and genre. The concept for the series was suggested by Purcell as the producers brainstormed ideas, having been inspired by a childhood road trip they took with their family; they wanted to explore how McQueen and Mater react to finding themselves in different scenarios. According to Purcell, the story for each episode was decided out of a basic scenario, after which the filmmakers pitched concepts that fit within the Cars world and had not been explored before. Concepts for the episodes include stories inspired by films such as Mad Max and The Shining. For Mater's relationship with their sister, Mato, Podesta drew inspiration from their relationship with their sisters.
Casting
On November 12, 2021, it was announced that Owen Wilson and Larry the Cable Guy would reprise their respective roles as Lightning McQueen and Mater. According to director Brian Fee, Larry and Wilson were allowed to provide suggestions while recording their lines.
Animation
One of the episodes features a flashback sequence to the prehistoric era. For the flashback, animators were inspired by the work of stop-motion animator Ray Harryhausen, whose films Purcell watched in their childhood. For both the dinosaurs' movement and when McQueen and Mater's prehistoric counterparts are picked by the dinosaurs, animators deactivated the motion blur, which they did use for the rest of the sequence, to reflect the feeling of Harryhausen's films. The production designer also altered the lighting to further evoke their films. Other elements such as frames were also altered.
Music
Following the trailer's release, it was revealed Jake Monaco composed the score for all 9 episodes. Monaco also co-wrote the series' title theme song alongside director Bobby Podesta, with Bobby Hamrick performing the song. Each episode features a variation of the theme song to reflecting its style. The soundtrack, featuring Monaco's score and four songs, including two versions of the theme, was released on September 5, 2022.
Release
Cars on the Road was released on September 8, 2022 on Disney+, part of Disney+ Day and consists of nine episodes.
Marketing
The official trailer was released by Pixar's YouTube channel on August 1, 2022.
To promote the film's release, McDonald's launched its promotional campaign by including one of eight toys free with the purchase of a Happy Meal.
Reception
Critical reception
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the series holds a 91% approval rating, with an average rating of 7.00/10 based on 11 reviews.
Joel Keller of Decider found the series to be a classic buddy road trip, praising the humor and the way the show parodies pop culture, while applauding the performances of the voice actors, citing the dynamic between Owen Wilson and Larry the Cable Guy. Polly Conway of Common Sense Media rated the series 4 out of 5 stars, praised the depiction of positive messages and role models, citing friendship and discovery, while finding the series entertaining across its humor and family-friendly. Randy Myers of The Mercury News gave the series 3 out of 4 stars, called the setup simple yet efficient and found the series joyful and entertaining, stating it succeeds to celebrate friendship across the characters, while acknowledging the references to pop culture.
References
External links
2020s American animated television series
2022 American television series debuts
American children's animated comedy television series
American children's animated sports television series
American computer-animated television series
American sequel television series
Animated television series about auto racing
Television shows set in the United States
Animated television shows based on films
Cars (franchise)
Disney animated television series
Disney+ original programming
English-language television shows
Television series based on Disney films
Television series by Pixar
Thomas Hiscock (1812–1855) was an English blacksmith and prospector who settled in Australia in the 1840s.  They are best-remembered today for helping to spark the Victorian Gold Rush with their discovery of gold outside the town of Buninyong, near Ballarat.
Short biography
Hiscock was born in Berkshire, England, in 1812. They married Phoebe Blanchard in 1833 and the couple had two sons before moving to what is now Victoria on 1 July 1841. They had three more children, all daughters, after arriving in Australia (New South Wales).
They initially worked for a squatter in Trawalla before setting up as a blacksmith in Buninyong. They spent some time searching for gold around the Buninyong area, finally discovering an outcropping of gold-bearing reef in August 1851. This discovery led to increased interest in Victoria from gold prospectors, who soon uncovered gold at nearby Ballarat. In 1854 Hiscock was awarded £1000 for their part in the Victorian Gold Rush, but they were struck down by a cold contracted at the Mount Alexander diggings before they could receive it. They died on 25 July 1855
Discovery
Accompanied by John Stoker Thomas, Hiscock discovered gold near the Buninyong cemetery in early August, 1851. The find was publicised by the Geelong Advertiser on 12 August 1851, which reported:
We yesterday received from Buninyong a packet containing some of the finest specimens of gold, in quartz matrix, that we have hitherto met with. They were found within a mile or two of the township by Mr Hiscock, a respectable resident there.
The discovery, which Hiscock later explained as occurring on 8 August 1851, led to an influx of prospectors into Buninyong. The reef was soon exhausted, but as prospectors began to search a greater area around Buninyong, they quickly discovered large gold deposits in and around the nearby settlement of Ballarat. Within a matter of weeks the goldfields administration shifted from Buninyong to Ballarat.
The ensuing gold rush did no favours for the Victorian economy in the short term, with many people leaving the major centres of Melbourne and Geelong in search of gold. However, the discovery of gold did halt the exodus of men from the newly established colony into neighbouring New South Wales, where gold had also been discovered earlier in the year.
Memorial
Following their death, an obelisk of granite was erected near the spot where Hiscock found gold. The obelisk proclaimed them to be the first discoverer of gold in Victoria; which although not strictly correct, may be argued to be an acceptable overstatement, considering the stimululation the discovery provided to Victoria during its early development era. The proclamation reads:
Erected by The Borough and Shire of Buninyong to indicate the spot where Gold was first discovered in Victoria by Mr. T. Hiscock(s) August 3rd 1851, David Kerr M.P Mayor, Jas. A.Jordon Town Clerk, F.E.Sides J.P. President, C.A. Hale Secretary. June 21st 1897 Queen's Diamond Jubilee Year.
Hiscock's obelisk can be found about eight kilometres (4.97 miles) south of Ballarat, on the Midland Highway at the corner of Hiscock Gully Road.
See also
Gold rush
Edward Hargraves
James Esmond
References
Thomas Hiscock, Discoverer of Gold at Buninyong, Anne Beggs Sunter, Buninyong & District Historical Society newsletter, August 2001
SBS: Gold in Victoria
External links
Photograph of Thomas Hiscock
1812 births
1855 deaths
Australian gold rushes
Australian gold prospectors
19th-century Australian people
Gold prospectors
DJ-Kicks: C.J. Bolland is a DJ mix album mixed by C.J. Bolland. It was the first album in the DJ-Kicks series, and was released on 4 September 1995 on the Studio !K7 independent record label.
Track listing
Patrick Pulsinger - Construction Tool
Damon Wild & Tim Taylor - Bang the Acid
Joey Beltram - Drome
Magenta - Memory Panic
Bandulu - Presence
Nexus 6 - AB-Chic
B.C. - Stronghold
Manuel & Clive - Recognised
Planetary Assault Systems - In From the Night
Rotor Type - Be Yourself
Clementine - Syn Son
Sound Enforcer - Re-Enforcement
Paramatrix - Transverse Waves
Planetary Assault Systems - Starway Ritual
Phrenetic System - Wayfarer
References
External links
Official website
DJ-Kicks website
C. J. Bolland albums
Bolland, C. J.
1995 compilation albums
The 2015 Saudi Super Cup was the third edition of the Saudi Super Cup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Saudi Pro League and King's Cup competitions. The match was played between Al-Nassr, the winner of the 2014–15 Saudi Pro League and Al-Hilal, the winner of the 2015 King Cup. The match was played on 12 August 2015.
Al-Hilal won 1–0 to win their first Super Cup, with a goal from Carlos Eduardo.
Match
Location and date changes
The 2015 Saudi Super Cup was originally scheduled to be played at King Fahd Stadium, in Riyadh on 14 August 2015, however The SAFF decided to change it to be held at Loftus Road Stadium, in London on 12 August 2015.
Details
Statistics
See also
2015–16 Pro League
2015–16 1st Division League
2015–16 2nd Division League
2016 King Cup
2015–16 Crown Prince Cup
References
Saudi Super Cup 2015 goalzz.com
Saudi Super Cup
Super Cup
Al Nassr FC matches
Al Hilal SFC matches
International club association football competitions hosted by London
You Got Me or U Got Me may refer to:
Film
You Got Me! (film), a 2007 Filipino comedy
Music
Songs
"You Got Me" (The Roots song), 1999
"You Got Me" (J.Williams song), 2010
"You Got Me" (Ivy Quainoo song), 2012
"You Got Me" (Mýa song), 2018
"U Got Me", a song by B5
"You Got Me", a song by Tommy James in 1980
"You Got Me", a song by Mariah Carey from Charmbracelet
"You Got Me", a song by One Block Radius
"You Got Me", a song by Toto from The Seventh One
"You Got Me", a song by Colbie Caillat from Breakthrough
"You Got Me", a song by Crash Kings from Crash Kings
"You Got Me", a song by Keke Palmer
"You Got Me", a song by Dave Alvin from Romeo's Escape
"U Got Me", a song by T-Pain from Rappa Ternt Sanga
Thymelaea hirsuta, boalaga (Spanish), bufalaga (Catalan and geolectal Spanish), mitnan (Arabic) or shaggy sparrow-wort, is a xerophytic shrub which can grow to 2 metres in height and has a root system reaching depths of up to 3.5m. Some noteworthy characteristics of this species are the tiny size of its leaves and flowers and that both are also fleshy. Like many other species belonging to the family Thymelaeaceae, it is a toxic plant
with medicinal properties that also yields a strong fibre used in the making of rope and paper.
Etymology
The genus name Thymelaea is a combination of the Greek name for the herb thyme θύμος (thúmos) and that for the olive ἐλαία (elaía) - in reference to its thyme-like foliage and olive-like fruit; while the English name sparrow-wort (used by Thomas Green in their 18th century Universal Herbal) is a translation of the name of the genus Passerina, (in which Thymelaea was formerly placed), derived from the Latin word passer "sparrow" - given the plant because of a perceived similarity of the shape of the fruit to a sparrow's beak. The qualification "shaggy" in the name shaggy sparrow-wort refers to the plant's indumentum of woolly trichomes (plant hairs) - referenced also in the Latin specific name hirsuta "hairy".
Distribution
Circum-Mediterranean: in dry coastal regions of Southern Europe, Turkey, and desert areas of the Levant and North Africa.
Medicinal Uses
Thirteenth century Andalusian physician and botanist Ibn al-Baitar noted that, in their day, the leaves of the plant were used to treat pinworms and skin conditions, in addition to being employed as a potent hydrogogue cathartic and expectorant; while the bark was used to promote wound healing (see also bioactive dressings).
Medicinal use of this plant continues to this day: a decoction of the leaves being used as a mouthwash to dislodge carious teeth. Other uses include remedies for eye diseases and treatments for paralysis.
Thymelaea hirsuta is also valued in the traditional veterinary practices of the Bedouin, in which it is used as a topical medication to prevent miscarriage in camels: the leaves are pounded and mixed with a small quantity of salt to make a poultice applied to the animal's cervix after impregnation, in the belief that this will cause the organ to contract, preventing abortion of the foetus. Scientific analyses of the plant have gone some way to providing a basis for the efficacy of this practice, with the isolation of the phytosterol stigmasterol, which is a precursor of the hormone progesterone, used to treat recurrent abortion in humans.
Useful Fibre
The inner bark of Thymelaea hirsuta yields a strong fibre, well suited to the making of ropes and paper. Bedouin cordage made from mitnan ranges from a type of simple cable, braided from the flexible branches of the shrub in an unworked state, to fully finished rope. Such rope is strong enough to support the weight of an adult human, to provide guy ropes for a tent, to tether, girth and yoke beasts of burden, such as donkeys and camels, and to lash together heavy water vessels so they may be carried by such animals.
Gallery
References
Thymelaea (Shaggy sparrow-wort) (Passerina hirsuta)
The Universal Herbal, Or, Botanical, Medical, and Agricultural Dictionary
BUFALAGA. Thymelaea hirsuta) [Thymelaceae] - Región de Murcia Digital (in Spanish)
Thymelaeoideae
"Tasty Love" is a 1986 R&B/Soul single by American singer Freddie Jackson. As the lead single from their second album, Just Like the First Time, it was Jackson's fourth number–one single on the R&B charts, where it was at the top spot for four weeks. The single also made the Hot 100, where it peaked at forty-one.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
See also
List of number-one R&B singles of 1986 (U.S.)
References
1986 singles
1986 songs
Freddie Jackson songs
Songs written by Freddie Jackson
Songs written by Paul Laurence
Capitol Records singles
Muhammad I al-Mustansir (; ) was the second ruler of the Hafsid dynasty in Ifriqiya and the first to claim the title of Khalif. Al-Mustansir concluded a peace agreement to end the Eighth Crusade launched by Louis IX of France in 1270. Muhammad I al-Mustansir had been a vassal of the Kingdom of Sicily, but had shaken off their allegiance when King Manfred was overthrown by King Charles I.
On Hunting
In 1247, they wrote a book called "On Hunting", which detailed the ways in which hunting in North Africa was undertaken at the time. An especially interesting chapter is on hunting with salukis, which teaches the hunter on how to manage this animal and how to hunt with it. Other aspects of the book involve the training and management of falcons, and other techniques utilized around their estate in Bizerte.
Eighth Crusade
The Mamluk sultan Baibars had been attacking the remnant of the Crusader states in Syria. Baibars had seized the opportunity after a war pitting the cities of Venice and Genoa against each other (1256–1260) had exhausted the Syrian ports that the two cities controlled. By 1265 Baibars had captured Nazareth, Haifa, Toron, and Arsuf. Hugh III of Cyprus, nominal king of Jerusalem, landed in Acre to defend that city, while Baibars marched as far north as Armenia, which was at that time under Mongol control.
These events led to Louis' call for a new crusade in 1267. Louis was soon convinced by their brother Charles I, King of Naples and Sicily, to attack Tunis first, which would give them a strong base for attacking Egypt, the focus of Louis' previous crusade as well as the Fifth Crusade before him, both of which had been defeated there. Muhammad I al-Mustansir was rumored to be sympathetic to Christianity by way of their connections with Christian Spain and was considered a good candidate for conversion. Accordingly, Charles suggested to their brother that the arrival of a crusade in their support might bring about al-Mustansir's conversion. Thus it was that Louis directed the Eighth Crusade against Tunis.
In 1270 Louis landed on the African coast in July. Much of the army became sick due to poor drinking water, and Louis themselves died from a "flux in the stomach", one day after the arrival of Charles. Their dying word was "Jerusalem." Charles proclaimed Louis' son Philip III the new king, but due to their youth Charles became the actual leader of the crusade.
Due to further diseases the siege of Tunis was abandoned on October 30 by an agreement with the al-Mustansir. In this agreement the Christians gained free trade with Tunis, and residence for monks and priests in the city was guaranteed, so the crusade could be regarded as a partial success. After hearing of the death of Louis and the evacuation of the crusaders from Tunis, Sultan Baibars of Egypt cancelled their plan to send Egyptian troops to fight Louis in Tunis.
Diplomatic relations
According to Ibn Khaldun the Hafsids maintained friendly relations with the Kanem–Bornu Empire and in 1257 the ruler of Kanem sent Al-Mustansir a giraffe as a diplomatic present.
See also
Ibn al-Abbar
Elisenda de Sant Climent
Notes
1228 births
1277 deaths
13th-century Hafsid caliphs
Muslims of the Eighth Crusade
Adrian Marcel Hutton (born May 22, 1990) is an American singer, songwriter, and rapper from Oakland, California. In April 2013, they released their first mixtape, 7 Days of Weak. The mixtape was presented by the Grammy Award-winning musician Raphael Saadiq, who took Marcel in as their protégé.
On May 2, 2014, Marcel released their first RIAA-certified gold hit single, "2AM" featuring Sage the Gemini. In July 2014, they released their second mixtape, Weak After Next.
Early life
Starting in 2003, Marcel attended Oakland School for the Arts. They stated that their parents were pivotal in encouraging them to pursue a career in the performing arts. Marcel sang with Mase on the song "Awkward" in 2012.
Discography
Albums:
#GMFU – Got Me F%^&ed Up (2017)
98th (2019)
Mixtapes:
7 Days of Weak (2013)
Weak After Next (2014)
Weak After Next Reloaded (2018)
References
External links
Official website
American rhythm and blues singer-songwriters
Living people
People from Oakland, California
1990 births
Singer-songwriters from California
American contemporary R&B singers
American hip hop singers
African-American male singer-songwriters
21st-century African-American male singers
Hah Myung-joong (, Hanja: 河明中) (born May 14, 1947) is a South Korean actor, film director, producer, planner, and screenwriter. Hah started their career as an actor, but expanded their career to film directing, and film producing. Hah graduated from Kyung Hee University with a major in English literature. Their brother Ha Gil-jong was a film director. Their 1985 film Daengbyeot was entered into the 35th Berlin International Film Festival.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
Director
Producer
Awards
1971, the 7th Baeksang Arts Awards : New Film Actor (약속은 없었지만)
1974, the 10th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best Film Actor (나와 나)
1975, the 14th Grand Bell Awards : Best Actor (불꽃)
1978, the 17th Grand Bell Awards : Best Actor (족보)
1983, the 22nd Grand Bell Awards : Special Award for New Actor (X)
1985, the 5th Korean Film Critics Association Awards : Best Actor (땡볕)
1991, the 29th Grand Bell Awards : Best Scenario (혼자도는 바람개비)
References
External links
1947 births
South Korean male film actors
Living people
South Korean film directors
South Korean film producers
Asian film producers
Best New Actor Paeksang Arts Award (film) winners
John Elmer Carson (October 27, 1910 – January 2, 1963) was a Canadian-born, American film actor. Carson often played the role of comedic friend in films of the 1940s and 1950s, including The Strawberry Blonde (1941) with James Cagney and Arsenic and Old Lace (1944) with Cary Grant. They also acted in dramas such as Mildred Pierce (1945), A Star is Born (1954), and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958). They worked for RKO and MGM (where they were cast opposite Myrna Loy and William Powell in Love Crazy, 1941), but most of their notable work was for Warner Bros.
Early years
John Elmer Carson was born on October 27, 1910, in Carman, Manitoba, Canada to Elmer and Elsa Carson (née Brunke). They were the younger brother of actor Robert Carson (1909–1979). Their father was an executive with an insurance company. In 1914, the family moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, which they always thought of as their home town. They attended high school at Hartford School, Milwaukee, and St. John's Military Academy, Delafield, but it was at Carleton College that they acquired a taste for acting. Carson became a U.S. citizen in California in 1949.
Because of their size – 6 ft 2 in (1.9 m) and 220 lb (100 kg) – their first stage appearance (in a collegiate production) was as Hercules. In the midst of a performance, they tripped and took half the set with him. A college friend, Dave Willock, thought it was so funny they persuaded Carson to team with them in a vaudeville act – Willock and Carson – and a new career was born with "a very successful comedy team that played large and small vaudeville theatres everywhere in North America". After the act with Willock broke up, Carson teamed with dancer Betty Alice Lindy for appearances in theaters on the Orpheum Circuit.
Radio
Radio was another source of employment for the team, starting with a 1938 appearance on the Kraft Music Hall when Bing Crosby hosted the show. In 1942–1943, they were hosted of The Camel Comedy Caravan, and in the next season they starred in The New Jack Carson Show, which debuted on CBS June 2, 1943. Charles Foster wrote about the show in Once Upon a Time in Paradise: Canadians in the Golden Age of Hollywood: "It broke audience records regularly during the four years it was on the air. Hollywood's biggest stars ... lined up to do guest spots on the show."
In 1947–1948, they starred in The Sealtest Village Store.
Film career
Their success in radio led to the start of a lucrative film career. During the 1930s, as vaudeville declined from increased competition from radio and the movies, Willock and Carson sought work in Hollywood. Carson initially landed bit roles at RKO Radio Pictures in films such as Bringing Up Baby (1938), starring Cary Grant and Katharine Hepburn.
An early standout role for Carson was as a mock-drunk undercover G-Man opposite Richard Cromwell in Universal Pictures's anti-Nazi action drama entitled Enemy Agent. This led to contract-player status with Warner Brothers shortly thereafter. While there, they were teamed with Dennis Morgan in a number of popular films known as the "Two Guys" movies, supposedly to compete with Paramount's popular Bing Crosby – Bob Hope Road to … pictures.
Most of their work at Warner Brothers was limited to light comedy work with Morgan, and later Doris Day (who in their autobiography would credit Carson as one of their early Hollywood mentors). Critics generally agree that Carson's best work was in Mildred Pierce (1945), where they played the perpetually scheming Wally Fay opposite Joan Crawford in the title role. Also in 1945, they played the role of Harold Pierson, the second husband of Louise Randall, played by Rosalind Russell, in Roughly Speaking. Another role which won accolades for them was as publicist Matt Libby in A Star is Born (1954). One of their last film roles was as the older brother "Gooper" in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958).
Television
From 1950 to 1951, Carson was one of four alternating weekly hosts of the Wednesday evening NBC Television comedy-variety show Four Star Revue. (The others were veterans Jimmy Durante and Ed Wynn, and up-and-coming young Danny Thomas.) The second season was their last with the show, when it was renamed All Star Revue.
Carson also had their own variety program, The Jack Carson Show on NBC (1954–1955) and was the announcer on the television version of Strike It Rich.
Their TV appearances, extending into the early 1960s, included The Guy Mitchell Show, and The Polly Bergen Show in 1957; Alcoa Theatre and Bonanza (Season 1, Ep.9: "Mr. Henry Comstock") in 1959; Thriller ("The Big Blackout") in 1960; The Twilight Zone (Season 2, Ep. 14: "The Whole Truth") in 1961; and in perhaps their last TV appearance in Alfred Hitchcock Presents (Season 7, Ep. 35: "The Children of Alda Nuova") from June 5, 1962.
Their TV pilot, Kentucky Kid, was under consideration as a potential series for NBC, but was shelved when Carson became ill with stomach cancer. Carson would have played a veterinarian widower who raises horses and has an adopted Chinese child. The series was revived by NBC as Kentucky Jones starring Dennis Weaver in the Carson role.
Legacy
On February 8, 1960, Carson received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for their contributions to the television and radio industry. The television star is located at 1560 Vine Street, the radio star is at 6361 Hollywood Boulevard.
In 1983, after their death, Jack Carson was inducted into the Wisconsin Performing Artists Hall of Fame along with their film pal, Dennis Morgan, who was also from Wisconsin.
Personal life
Carson and Elizabeth Lindy were married in 1938 and divorced 1939. They were married to Kay St. Germain from 1941 to 1950. They and Lola Albright were married from 1952 to 1958. Carson was married from 1961 until their death in 1963 to Sandra Jolley, former wife of actor Forrest Tucker and daughter of character actor, I. Stanford Jolley. Carson had a romantic relationship with Doris Day in 1950–51, but they left them for Marty Melcher, who would become their third husband.
On August 26, 1962, while rehearsing the play Critic's Choice in Andover, New Jersey, they collapsed on stage. An early diagnosis deemed it a stomach disorder, but two months later, stomach cancer was discovered while they were undergoing an unrelated operation. They died in Encino on January 2, 1963, at age 52. Carson was entombed in Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery.
Their brother Robert was also a character actor.
Selected filmography
You Only Live Once (1937) (with Henry Fonda) – Attendant in First Gas Station (uncredited)
Too Many Wives (1937) (with Anne Shirley) – Hodges
It Could Happen to You (1937) – Truck Driver (uncredited)
On Again-Off Again (1937) – Cop (uncredited)
Reported Missing (1937) – Logantown Airport Radioman (uncredited)
Music for Madame (1937) – Assistant Director
Stage Door (1937) (with Katharine Hepburn, Ginger Rogers and Lucille Ball) – Mr. Milbanks
Stand-In (1937) – Tom Potts
A Damsel in Distress (1937) – Bit Role (uncredited)
High Flyers (1937) (with Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, and Lupe Vélez) – Dave Hanlon
Quick Money (1937) – Coach Woodford
She's Got Everything (1937) – Ransome (uncredited)
Crashing Hollywood (1938) – Dickson
Everybody's Doing It (1938) – Detective Lieutenant (uncredited)
Bringing Up Baby (1938) (with Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant) – Circus Roustabout (uncredited)
Night Spot (1938) – Shallen
Maid's Night Out (1938) – Rollercoaster Ride Attendant (uncredited)
Condemned Women (1938) – Plainclothes Policeman (uncredited)
This Marriage Business (1938) – 'Candid' Perry
Go Chase Yourself (1938) – Warren Miles
Law of the Underworld (1938) – Johnny
Vivacious Lady (1938) (with Ginger Rogers and James Stewart) – Charlie – Waiter Captain
The Saint in New York (1938) (with Louis Hayward as Simon Templar) – Red Jenks
Having Wonderful Time (1938) – Emil Beatty
Carefree (1938) (with Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers) – Connors
Mr. Doodle Kicks Off (1938) – Football Player Rochet
The Kid from Texas (1939) (with Dennis O'Keefe and Buddy Ebsen) – Stanley Brown
Fifth Avenue Girl (1939) (with Ginger Rogers) – Minnesota – a Sailor (uncredited)
The Escape (1939) – Chet Warren
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939) (with James Stewart) – Sweeney Farrell – Newsman (uncredited)
Legion of Lost Flyers (1939) (with Richard Arlen and Andy Devine) – Larry Barrigan
Destry Rides Again (1939) (with Marlene Dietrich and James Stewart) – Jack Tyndall
The Honeymoon's Over (1939) – Tom Donroy
City of Chance (1940) – Narration – Prologue (voice, uncredited)
Parole Fixer (1940) (with William Henry) – George Mattison
I Take This Woman (1940) (with Spencer Tracy and Hedy Lamarr) – Joe
Young as You Feel (1940) – Norcross
Shooting High (1940) – Gabby Cross
Enemy Agent (1940) (with Richard Cromwell) – Ralph
Typhoon (1940) (with Dorothy Lamour and Robert Preston) – Mate
Alias the Deacon (1940) – Sullivan
Girl in 313 (1940) – Police Lt. Pat O'Farrell
Queen of the Mob (1940) (with Ralph Bellamy) – FBI Agent Ross Waring
Lucky Partners (1940) (with Ronald Colman, Ginger Rogers, Spring Byington and Harry Davenport) – Freddie
Sandy Gets Them Man (1940) – Policeman Tom Garrity
Love Thy Neighbor (1940) – Policeman
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (1941) (with Carole Lombard and Robert Montgomery) – Chuck Benson
The Strawberry Blonde (1941) (with James Cagney and Olivia de Havilland) – Hugo Barnstead
Love Crazy (1941) (with William Powell and Myrna Loy) – Ward Willoughby
The Bride Came C.O.D. (1941) (with James Cagney and Bette Davis) – Allen Brice
Navy Blues (1941) (with Ann Sheridan) – 'Buttons' Johnson
Blues in the Night (1941) – Leo Powell
The Male Animal (1942) (with Henry Fonda and Olivia de Havilland) – Joe Ferguson
Larceny, Inc. (1942) (with Edward G. Robinson and Jane Wyman) – Jeff Randolph
Wings for the Eagle (1942) (with Ann Sheridan) – Brad Maple
Gentleman Jim (1942) (with Errol Flynn, Alan Hale, William Frawley and Ward Bond) – Walter Lowrie
The Hard Way (1943) (with Ida Lupino) – Albert Runkel
Thank Your Lucky Stars (1943) (with Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, Ida Lupino and Olivia de Havilland) – Himself
Princess O'Rourke (1943) (with Olivia de Havilland, Robert Cummings and Charles Coburn) – Dave Campbell
Shine On, Harvest Moon (1944) (with Ann Sheridan) – The Great Georgetti
Make Your Own Bed (1944) (with Jane Wyman and Alan Hale) – Jerry Curtis
The Doughgirls (1944) (with Ann Sheridan and Alexis Smith) – Arthur Halstead
Arsenic and Old Lace (1944) (with Cary Grant and Priscilla Lane) – Officer Patrick O'Hara
Hollywood Canteen (1944) – Himself
Roughly Speaking (1945) (with Rosalind Russell) – Harold C. Pierson
Mildred Pierce (1945) (with Joan Crawford, Ann Blyth and Eve Arden) – Wally Fay
One More Tomorrow (1946) (with Ann Sheridan and Jane Wyman) – Patrick 'Pat' Regan
Two Guys from Milwaukee (1946) (with Dennis Morgan) – Buzz Williams
The Time, the Place and the Girl (1946) (with Dennis Morgan and Janis Paige) – Jeff Howard
Love and Learn (1947) (with Martha Vickers) – Jingles Collins
April Showers (1948) (with Ann Sothern) – Joe Tyme
Romance on the High Seas (1948) (with Janis Paige, Don DeFore, and Doris Day) – Peter Virgil
Two Guys from Texas (1948) (with Dennis Morgan, Dorothy Malone and Bugs Bunny) – Danny Foster
John Loves Mary (1949) (with Ronald Reagan, Wayne Morris and Edward Arnold) – Fred Taylor
My Dream Is Yours (1949) (with Doris Day and Bugs Bunny) – Doug Blake
It's a Great Feeling (1949) (with Doris Day) – Himself
The Good Humor Man (1950) (with George Reeves and Lola Albright) – Biff Jones
Bright Leaf (1950) (with Gary Cooper and Lauren Bacall) – Chris Malley – Dr. Monaco
Mr. Universe (1951) (with Vince Edwards) – Jeff Clayton
The Groom Wore Spurs (1951) (with Ginger Rogers) – Ben Castle
Dangerous When Wet (1953) (with Esther Williams and Fernando Lamas) – Windy Weebe
Red Garters (1954) (with Rosemary Clooney) – Jason Carberry
A Star Is Born (1954) (with Judy Garland and James Mason) – Matt Libby
Phffft (1954) (with Judy Holliday, Jack Lemmon, and Kim Novak) – Charlie Nelson
Ain't Misbehavin' (1955) (with Rory Calhoun) – Hal North
The Bottom of the Bottle (1956) (with Van Johnson and Joseph Cotten) – Hal Breckinridge
Magnificent Roughnecks (1956) (with Mickey Rooney) – Bix Decker
The Tattered Dress (1957) (with Jeff Chandler, Jeanne Crain, Gail Russell) – Sheriff Nick Hoak
The Tarnished Angels (1957) (with Rock Hudson, Robert Stack, and Dorothy Malone) – Jiggs
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (1958) (with Elizabeth Taylor, Paul Newman, and Burl Ives) – Gooper Pollitt
Rally Round the Flag, Boys! (1958) (with Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, and Joan Collins) – Capt. Hoxie
The Bramble Bush (1960) (with Richard Burton) – Bert Mosley
The Big Bankroll (1961) (with David Janssen) – Timothy W. 'Big Tim' O'Brien
Sammy the Way Out Seal (1962, episode of anthology TV series Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color) (with Robert Culp and Billy Mumy) – Harold Sylvester (final appearance)
Radio appearances
Notes
References
Further reading
External links
Jack Carson Tribute Website
1910 births
1963 deaths
20th-century American male actors
20th-century Canadian male actors
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male radio actors
Canadian male stage actors
Canadian male television actors
Carleton College alumni
Deaths from cancer in California
Deaths from stomach cancer
Male actors from Manitoba
Male actors from Milwaukee
People from Carman, Manitoba
Warner Bros. contract players
Juan Andrés Arango García (born September 19, 1976) is a Colombian-Canadian film director. Their debut feature film, La Playa DC, premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards.
Originally from Bogotá, Colombia, they have resided primarily in Montreal, Quebec since commencing graduate studies in film at Concordia University in 2006.
Their second film, X500, debuted at the 2016 Toronto International Film Festival.
In 2019 they were one of seven directors, alongside Kaveh Nabatian, Sophie Goyette, Sophie Deraspe, Karl Lemieux, Ariane Lorrain and Caroline Monnet, of the anthology film The Seven Last Words (Les sept dernières paroles).
References
External links
Colombian film directors
People from Bogotá
Film directors from Montreal
Concordia University alumni
Colombian emigrants to Canada
Living people
1976 births
Siah Lash (, also Romanized as Sīāh Lash) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 462, in 107 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
John Tulloch was a Scottish rugby union player. They later became an international referee and was the 33rd President of the Scottish Rugby Union. They also served as a Director and Chairman of the Royal Bank of Scotland.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Tulloch played with Kelvinside Academicals.
They had to resign from the captaincy and their playing career after an injury they sustained playing against Royal HSFP on 5 October 1901. It was remarked that Tulloch was one of the best Three Quarters had Scotland had produced for many years; and that the injury was more serious than originally anticipated. John Knox would take over the captaincy of the club.
Provincial career
Tulloch played in 1900 inter-city match for Glasgow District
Tulloch played for the Cities District in 1899. They played again for Cities in 1901. They suffered an injury and strained their tendon.
International career
They were twice selected for Scotland but on both occasions injury ruined their chances of a Scotland cap.
Tulloch was due to get a Scotland cap against Wales in 1899 after impressing in the Cities versus Provinces match and was in the original selection. The Scottish Referee journalist concluded that 'J. T Tulloch has earned their place through sheer merit and I would be terribly disappointed if they did not add to their reputation in the Wales match'.
Due to the injury Tulloch picked up in the 1901 Cities v Provinces match, although they were originally selected for Scotland duty Tulloch had to withdraw from the Scotland Home Nations side. A. N. Fell was selected in their place.
Referee career
After Tulloch's playing career was ended abruptly due to injury they became an international referee. They refereed Scottish Districts matches.
They refereed 9 test matches in all.
One famous match they were scheduled to referee - but did not - was the Ireland v South Africa match of 1912. The Scottish Rugby Union offered Tulloch when the English referee Frank Potter-Irwin fell sick. Some reports still have Tulloch refereeing the first half; but in fact it was John Dallas, another Scottish referee, that took Tulloch's place. The match was notable, not only for a South Africa emphatic win, but because Dallas could not continue for the second half and an Irish referee had to take over for the second half. It was the first time a referee was substituted in a test match.
Tulloch did referee the England v South Africa match of the 1912-13 season tour.
Administrative career
Tulloch became the Vice-President of the Scottish Rugby Union in 1905.
They became the 33rd President of the Scottish Rugby Union. They served one year from 1906 to 1907.
Financial career
Tulloch became a Charted Accountant. They became a Director of the Royal Bank of Scotland; and served as the Bank's chairperson of the board for two terms. They resigned their position of Ordinary Board Member in March 1943 due to ill-health; but was then immediately elected an Extraordinary Board Member.
Tulloch died later that year. The bank stated: we mourn the loss of a valued colleague of engaging personality whose wide experience of men and affairs was always at the service of the bank. The following year Lord Elgin gave a moving eulogy to Tulloch and quoted a poem by Henry van Dyke Jr. to honour him.
Outside of rugby and finance
Tulloch was added as a Director of Kelvinside Academy in December 1913, alongside James Greenlees. Another famous Scottish rugby union player Douglas Schulze was the Academy rector at the time.
Tulloch gave a lot of their time to the Boys Brigade. A company officer, they then became Treasurer and finally President of the Glasgow battalion.
References
1943 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Presidents of the Scottish Rugby Union
Scottish rugby union referees
Kelvinside Academicals RFC players
Cities District players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Scottish Districts referees
New Reserve Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 15 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 15
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Randal George Leslie MacAlister was an eminent Anglican priest in the last quarter of the 20th century and the early part of the 21st.
They were born on 31 December 1941 and educated at The Royal School, Armagh and Trinity College, Dublin. Ordained in 1966, their career began with a curacy at St Mark's Portadown after which they were Rector of St John's Greenock, then of St John's Forfar. Next they were Chaplain of St Mark's Sophia Antipolis in France before their appointment as Dean of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane. A keen student of the Gaelic language, they retired in 2006 They died in Corthachy, Angus on 19 June 2009.
References
1941 births
People educated at The Royal School, Armagh
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Deans of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane
2009 deaths
Claire Julie Liliane Wyart (born 16 February 1977) is a French neuroscientist and biophysicist, studying the circuits underlying the control of locomotion.  They are a chevalier of the Ordre national du Mérite.
Early life
Wyart was born into a family of scientists. Them mother, Françoise Brochard-Wyart, is a prominent French physicist and a professor at the Curie Institute. Them father, Pierre-Gilles de Gennes, was a Nobel-prize winning physicist. As their father was mostly absent, Wyart and their siblings were raised by their mother, though Claire thought of them as "the pillar who held our family together".
Education
Wyart studied at the École normale supérieure in Paris. They then undertook a PhD in biophysics at the Université Louis-Pasteur (now University of Strasbourg), which they completed in 2003. Working in the lab of Didier Chatenay, they studied small networks of controlled architecture.
Research and career
Wyart did five years of postdoctoral research at the University of California, Berkeley between 2005 and 2010. They worked for a year in Noam Sobel's lab, investigating the effects of smelling compounds in body secretions. They then worked in Udi Isacoff, using optogenetics — the modulation of neuronal activity using light — to study the control of behaviour in zebrafish larvae.
In 2011, they started their own lab at the Institut du cerveau et de la moelle épinière (ICM, Brain and Spine Institute) in Paris. Wyart has received international funding for their research, from bodies such as the European Research Council, the Human Frontier Science Program and the National Institutes of Health. Them team investigates how neuromodulatory pathways of the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord) affect locomotion and posture. Them lab has three main areas of research: the effect of neuromodulation and peptide release on reticulospinal neurons, and on neurons in contact with the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF); the links between CSF and body axis formation and scoliosis; and new strategies to treat spinal cord trauma. In an interview in 2015, they explained that their aim was to understand how to reactivate motor circuits in humans.
Them lab's particular focus is ciliated neurons which contact the CSF; such neurons integrate both mechanical and chemical signals, and project onto spinal cord motor circuits. Along with brain circuits and reflexes, these neurons represent a third circuit governing locomotion. The morphology and markers expressed by these neurons, discovered in zebrafish, are conserved in other animals including mice and macaques. Wyart's team has also demonstrated that these neurons can detect the curvature of the spinal cord.
In collaboration with their former PhD student Olivier Mirat, Wyart launched ZebraZoom, a software to analyse zebrafish larvae behaviour.
They serve on the advisory board of Current Biology, on the board of directors of the FENS-Kavli Network of Excellence, and on the scientific council of the Fondation pour la Recherche Medicale (FRM).
During the COVID-19 pandemic, they collaborated with Marie-Claude Potier to develop a screening test for the virus using sputum and saliva samples.
Science communication and outreach
While studying for their PhD, Wyart ran a science workshop for children twice a month at the Exploradome museum. After completing their PhD, they spent a year working for the Terma project in Nepal and India, teaching science in Tibetan schools by using practical experiments. This work was rewarded with a "Défi Jeunes" award. With their team at the ICM, they use zebrafish larva to teach primary and middle school children the basics of development.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Wyart and their colleague Virginie Courtier-Orgozozo launched a website showcasing advice from experts and helpful tips for the public on how to stay safe. The website was subsequently translated into multiple languages. In an article by Michael Gross published in Current Biology, they are quoted as saying: "We deeply believe that it is the role of scientists to inform society and to provide the public with cues and methodology for them to be able to make better choices and to navigate safely in our new environment that we share with the SARS-CoV2 coronavirus. We hope to inspire our colleagues around the world to join and help in this fight against both the virus' spread and misinformation for the public good.”
Awards and honours
Best Thesis Award from the Université Louis-Pasteur Scientific Council (2004)
“Défi Jeunes” Award for the science project Terma (2004)
“Fondation Blancmesnil” Award for the documentary Terma (2005)
Marie Curie Outgoing International Post-doctorate Fellowship (OIF) (2007–10)
Society for Neuroscience Award (2009)
Bettencourt-Schueller Foundation Award (2010)
Fyssen Foundation Award (2010)
Atip-Avenir Junior Team Award (2010)
Chair of Excellence, École des Neurosciences de Paris (ENP) (2010)
International Reintegration Grant (2011)
Prix Émergences de la Mairie de Paris (2011)
European Research Council Starting Grant (2012)
Irène Joliot-Curie Young Research Award (2013)
Human Frontier Science Program Research Grant (coordinator) (2014)
Chevalier de l'Ordre national du Mérite (2014)
Laureate, Fondation Schlumberger pour l'Education et la Recherche (2017)
New York Stem Cell Foundation Robertson Neuroscience Investigator (2016)
European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO) Young Investigator Award (2016)
Federation of European Neuroscience Societies (FENS) Kavli Scholar (2016-2020)
Human Frontier Science Program Award (2018)
Member of the European Molecular Biology Organisation (EMBO) (2019)
References
French neuroscientists
Science communicators
French biologists
French women neuroscientists
French women biologists
École Normale Supérieure alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
1977 births
Living people
Rangan (, also Romanized as Rangan; also known as Rangan) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 38 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Astygisa circularia is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Charles Swinhoe in 1902. It is found in Sumatra, Java, Sulawesi and Borneo.
External links
Caberini
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1902
Ioannis Sioutis (alternate spelling: Giannis) (; born July 27, 1973) is a Greek retired professional basketball player and current assistant coach for AEK Athens of the Greek Basket League and the Basketball Champions League, under head coach Ilias Kantzouris. They have also previously worked as an assistant for Panathinaikos. At a height of 1.84 m (6 ft ½ in), they played at the point guard position during their active basketball career.
Professional career
Sioutis started their playing career with the youth team of Milon in 1986. In 1995, they transferred to Aris. In 1997, they won the Korać Cup, and in 1998, they won the Greek Cup, both while playing with Aris. In 1999, they played with Panionios and in 2000, they returned to Aris. In 2002, they won the EuroLeague 2001–02 championship while playing with Panathinaikos.
They also played with Irakleio, Peristeri, Ilysiakos, Dafni, and ICBS. In 2007, Sioutis won the Greek 2nd Division with Sporting, and they then transferred to AEK Athens.
National team career
Sioutis also played in 11 games with the Greek national basketball team.
External links
FIBA Profile
FIBA Europe Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek men's basketball players
Greek Basket League players
1973 births
Living people
AEK B.C. players
Aris B.C. players
Dafnis B.C. players
ICBS B.C. players
Ilysiakos B.C. players
Irakleio B.C. players
Milon B.C. players
Panathinaikos B.C. players
Panionios B.C. players
Peristeri B.C. players
Sporting basketball players
Point guards
Basketball players from Athens
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League for the 1991–92 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
1991–92 in Bahraini football
Hur Yoon-ja (born 19 April 1979) is a Korean former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
South Korean women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of South Korea
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Madeleine Ruthven (October 26, 1893 – February 20, 1978) was an American screenwriter and poet active from 1923 to 1936.
Biography
Born to Dwight Skinner and Catherine Bingham in Hornick, Iowa, Madeleine Dwight Skinner was raised in Houston alongside their four siblings. They got their start as a newspaperwoman, working for The Houston Press from 1918 to 1920, and fiction writer publishing in magazines like The Black Cat, before moving to Hollywood to pursue screenwriting.
Them first job in the industry was working for Marshall Neilan's production company. They began writing stories and title cards before moving their way into penning full screenplays. Many of the films they were credited on during their time in Hollywood were B-Westerns and police dramas.
In the 1950s, Ruthven was named by fellow screenwriter Richard J. Collins as a Communist sympathizer and put on the blacklist.
In addition to writing and/or contributing to over a dozen screenplays over the course of their years in the industry, they also wrote a book of poetry published by Los Angeles-based Primavera Press called Summer Denial. When asked why they took up writing poetry, Ruthven answered, "It's cheaper than getting psychoanalyzed." Another collection of poems was titled Sondelius Comes to the Mountains (1934).
Ruthven married their first husband, Samuel Ruthven, in 1918; the marriage ended in divorce. They married fellow progressive activist Reuben Borough in the 1950s.
Selected filmography
The Accusing Finger (1936)
Straight from the Shoulder (1936)
Dangerous Corner (1934)
Shock (1934)
Wu Li Chang (1930)
The Ship from Shanghai (1930) (titles)
Anna Christie (1930) (titles)
The Bushranger (1928)
The Rock of Friendship (1928)
Spoilers of the West (1927)
The Frontiersman (1927) (story)
The Rendezvous (1923) (story)
References
1893 births
1978 deaths
American women screenwriters
American women poets
Writers from Houston
People from Woodbury County, Iowa
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American screenwriters
La boîte noire, by Nic (Broca) & Cauvin, is the thirtyfirst album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the second of the authors. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before released as a hardcover album in 1983.
Story
In The Black Box, Fantasio opened the mysterious box that Jefferson, Boris and Karl left them (see La ceinture du grand froid), and discovers plans within for thousands of inventions. When they test one in company of Spirou, it draws the attention of Commander Alexander, who retrieves the box with Kalloway. Spirou must exchange the black box with them for Fantasio's release.
Thanks to Jefferson, they discover that the gangsters are hiding in a stronghold in the Sahara, where they are protected by natives. Spirou and Fantasio travel there and succeed in taking the box back from Alexander and Kalloway, while making themselves pass for dead.
References
Cauvin publications in Spirou and Nic Broca publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1983 books
1978 in comics
Comics set in Africa
Elizabeth Conway Symons, Baroness Symons of Vernham Dean (born 14 April 1951) is a British politician and trade unionist. A member of the Labour Party, they were Minister of State for the Middle East from 2001 to 2005.  They are former General Secretary of the FDA Trade Union and has served as the Chair of the Arab British Chamber of Commerce (ABCC) since 2010.
Early life
The daughter of Ernest Symons, Chairman of HM Board of Inland Revenue, Symons was educated at Putney High School for Girls and Girton College, Cambridge. They were an administration trainee at the Department of the Environment from 1974 to 1977. They then worked for the Inland Revenue Staff Federation from 1977 to 1989 and was General Secretary of the Association of First Division Civil Servants from 1989 to 1997. They resigned from this post following their appointment as a working peer.
Political life
Symons was created a Labour life peer as Baroness Symons of Vernham Dean, of Vernham Dean in the County of Hampshire, on 7 October 1996. From May 1997 to June 1999, they took their first government post, serving as a junior Foreign Office Minister. From 1999 until 2001, they were Minister of State for Defence Procurement and, from 2001 until 2003, Minister of State for Trade. From 2001 until 2005, they were Minister of State for Foreign Affairs with responsibility for the Middle East, International Security, Consular and Personal Affairs, and Deputy Leader of the House of Lords.
Symons was or remains a member of the British-American Project (BAP). It has a membership of 600 leaders and opinion formers, drawn equally from both countries, according to The Guardian, and holds an annual conference at which everything that is said is officially off-the-record. also serves on the Board of Governors of the Ditchley Foundation.
In 2001, they married their long-standing partner, Phil Bassett, a former writer at The Times. They have a son, James, born in 1985. In October 2002, Bassett was appointed to the Strategic Communications Unit in 10 Downing Street, leaving in September 2003 to become special adviser to Lord Falconer of Thoroton, the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs.
 They are a Senior Network Member at the European Leadership Network (ELN).
Corporate career
Symons was not given a job in the re-shuffle after the general election of 5 May 2005, and became a non-executive director of British Airways.
Symons sits on the Board of Trustees of the John Smith Memorial Trust, an NGO set up in 1995 in memory of the late Labour party leader John Smith.
Conflict of interest allegations
The Guardian alleged in its issue of 9 January 2005 that Symons may have used their office to give "special treatment" to David Mills, husband of Culture Secretary Tessa Jowell. Mills was seeking their assistance in sidestepping a U.S. trade embargo against Iran in order to sell $200 million worth of British Aerospace jets to that country.
On 9 February 2006, The Guardian mentioned them as one several former government ministers who had accepted lucrative positions as company directors and consultants. In the case of Symons, the companies involved were British Airways, law firm DLA Piper, and the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company (P&O).
In 2009 similar allegations were made when they took a lucrative post with UK investment bank MerchantBridge, which made millions from contracts in post-war Iraq, and also when they became a member of the National Economic Development Board of Libya shortly before the release of Abdelbaset Al Megrahi, who was convicted of the Lockerbie bombing. Symons resigned from the National Economic Development Board in 2011 in the midst of a popular uprising against the government of Muammar Gaddafi, one day after they had made remarks which appeared to praise Gaddafi's ‘sound ideology'. Symons said the remarks had been made facetiously.
References
1951 births
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
General Secretaries of the FDA (trade union)
Civil servants in the Department of the Environment
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Fellows of Girton College, Cambridge
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Living people
Members of the General Council of the Trades Union Congress
Women trade unionists
Opisthotropis typica, the olive mountain keelback, is a species of natricine snake found in the Philippines,
Indonesia, and Malaysia.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1890
Reptiles of the Philippines
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles of Malaysia
Taxa named by François Mocquard
Cedent may refer to:
In law, the party transferring a personal claim in the act called cession.
A Latin term in Civil Law referring to the "assignor" in Assignment (law)
In logic, the antecedent and succedent of a sequent in sequent calculus are called cedents.
In insurance, a reinsured.
John Craig Freeman (born February 16, 1959) is a contemporary artist and a Professor of New Media at Emerson College in Boston.
Education
Freeman received their Bachelor of Arts degree from the Visual Arts Department at the University of California, San Diego, in 1986. They received a Master of Fine Arts degree from the University of Colorado at Boulder in 1990.
Artistic career
Freeman is a public artist using emergent technologies to produce large-scale public work at sites where the forces of globalization are impacting the lives of individuals in local communities. Freeman's public art has evolved from the use of billboards in the early 1990s to mixed reality installations at the turn of the century, with current work focusing on augmented reality. In a 2012 interview, Freeman stated, "My work seeks to expand the notion of public by exploring how digital networked technology is transforming our sense of place."
The following are some examples of their work.
Operation Greenrun II, 1990
Freeman's earliest work, titled Operation Greenrun II and developed as their master's thesis at the University of Colorado, used billboards to draw attention to a contaminated nuclear production facility at Rocky Flats, Colorado. In this work, eleven billboard faces were created with a message protesting the Rocky Flats site. The ensuing controversy resulted in the decision to shut down Rocky Flats for good. Writing of this project in their book titled Digital Currents: Art in the Electronic Age, Margot Lovejoy says of Freeman that they "believes that a public art can circumvent problems of the gallery system such as the commodification of culture and the perpetuation of an exclusive, elite system for art. They believe in bringing art to the public." They go on to quote Freeman, who said that "If people are too busy to go to the gallery or museum, it makes sense to bring art to them. They don't even have to get out of their cars."
Imaging Place, 1997–2010
The "interventionist, political nature" of Operation Greenrun II established a pattern that has remained consistent throughout Freeman's career. This pattern can be seen in the work they title Imaging Place, an ongoing work which employs panoramic photography in location-based projects that highlight sites affected by globalization. Locations where this work has been done include Beijing; Taipei, Taiwan; São Paulo, Brazil; the U.S./Mexico border; the Miami River; Lowell, Massachusetts; Kaliningrad, Russia; Warsaw, Poland; and Belfast, among others. Their process has been called a "nonlinear documentary method."
Freeman worked on the Imaging Place: Miami River project as part of an interdisciplinary, collaborative group called the Florida Research Ensemble.
Augmented Reality
Much of Freeman's work since 2010 uses emergent forms of augmented reality as interventionist public art.  They are a founding member of the international artists collective Manifest.AR.
Border Memorial: Frontera de los Muertos, 2012
Border Memorial: Frontera de los Muertos is an augmented reality public art project and memorial, dedicated to the thousands of migrant workers who have died along the U.S./Mexico border in recent years trying to cross the desert southwest in search of work and a better life. Built for smartphone mobile devices, this project allows people to visualize the scope of the loss of life by marking each location where human remains have been recovered with a virtual object or augmentation. The public can simply download and launch a mobile application and aim their devices' cameras at the landscape along the border and the surrounding desert. The application uses geolocation software to superimpose individual augments at the precise GPS coordinates of each recorded death, enabling the public to see the objects integrated into the physical location as if they existed in the real world.
Orators, Rostrums, and Propaganda Stands, 2012
Orators, Rostrums, and Propaganda Stands is based on the work of Gustav Klutsis, including their designs for Screen-radio Orators, Rostrums, and Propaganda Stands from 1922. Each of four virtual orators displays a black and white animation from a contemporary mass uprising: Tank Man near Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989; the assassination of Neda Agha-Soltan, who was gunned down in the streets of Tehran during the 2009 Iranian election protests; scenes from Tahrir Square in Cairo during the 2011 Arab Spring; and the 2011 Occupy Wall Street uprising. Each of these images is juxtaposed, in montage, with frames from the Odessa Steps scene of Sergei Eisenstein‘s historic Battleship Potemkin film. When touched, the virtual objects play sound from the uprising. The stands call up both the resurgence and nostalgia of current worldwide political idealism as they re-imagine the museum plaza in the function of the public square.
Commissioned by the Los Angeles County Museum of Art's Artists Respond program, Orators, Rostrums, and Propaganda Stands has also been exhibited at Kunsthallen Nikolaj, as part of the Conversations exhibition during the 2012 Copenhagen Art Festival and at Triennale di Milano in Milan, Italy, as part of the No Need for Real exhibition in 2012.
Water wARs, 2011
Water wARs was an augmented reality pavilion for undocumented artists/squatters and water war refugees, which anticipates the flood of environmental refugees into the developed world caused by environmental degradation, global warming and the privatization of the world's drinking water supply by multinational corporations. Water wARs was exhibited as part of the Manifest.AR's unofficial Venice Biennial Intervention in front of the main pavilion in Giardini and in the Piazza San Marco during the 54th Venice Biennial International Art Exhibition, ILLUMInations.
MetroNeXt+ , 2014
The project exhibits a replica of a vintage New York City subway entrance that transports visitors to downtown Zurich, Switzerland's largest city. It uses augmented reality and photogrammetry technologies to display 3D models of Zurich's old town and the historic ″Augustinergasse.″ MetroNeX+ is presented by ETH Zurichhttps, Digital Art Week International, and Virtuale Switzerland.
Academic career
Freeman began their academic career in the early 1990s in San Diego, where they lectured at the University Of California, San Diego, for three and a half years. They were an assistant professor at the University of Florida from 1994 to 1999, where they coordinated the photography area. From 1999 to 2002 they ran the digital media art curriculum as an associate professor in the Art Department at the University of Massachusetts Lowell.  They are currently an associate professor of New Media at Emerson College in Boston. In 2012 they received a visiting scholar appointment at the Center for Research in Computing and the Arts, University of California, San Diego. In 2006 they taught as a visiting professor at Shih Hsin University, in Taipei, Taiwan. In 2011 Freeman joined the editorial board of the Public Art Dialogue.
Publications
John Craig Freeman, on behalf of ManifestAR. "ManifestAR: an augmented reality manifesto, VR Hybrids: Augmented Reality, edited by Todd Margolis, San Francisco, CA: IS&T SPIE: The Engineering Reality of Virtual Reality, #PSI82890D, 2012.
Greg Ulmer with Barbara Jo Revelle, William Tilson and John Craig Freeman. Miami Virtue & the Ulmer Tapes Kamloops, BC, Canada: Small Cities Imprint, Vol 2, no 2, 2012.
John Craig Freeman. "Imaging Place: Globalization and Immersive Media," Transdisciplinary Digital Art. Sound, Vision and the New Screen Digital Art Weeks and Interactive Futures, edited by Randy Adams, Steve Gibson and Stefan Muller Arisona, Berlin, Heidelberg, New York: Springer, 2008, pp. 453–466.
John Craig Freeman. "Imaging Place: The Choragraphic Method," Imaging Place, edited by Craig Saper, W.F. Garrett-Petts, and John Craig Freeman, Rhizomes, Vol. 18, Winter, 2008.
William Tilson and John Craig Freeman. "Place and the Electrate Situation," Rhizomes, Vol. 13., Fall, 2006.
References
External links
John Craig Freeman's blog.
Greg Ulmer, The Florida Research Ensemble and the Prospects for an Electronic humanity.
Public Art Dialogue.
No Need for Real, Triennale di Milano.
Orators, Rostrums, and Propaganda Stands, Kunsthallen Nikolaj.
Artists Respond, Los Angeles County Museum of Art.
Manifest.AR @ ZERO1.
Manifest.AR @ LA RePlay.
Manifest.AR @ ICA.
American artists
1959 births
Living people
People from Los Angeles
Phtheochroa chlidantha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Oaxaca, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1994
Phtheochroa
Henry Cheever Pratt (1803–1880) was an American artist and explorer. They lived in Boston, Massachusetts.
Biography
Born in Orford, New Hampshire, and trained by Samuel F.B. Morse, Pratt painted landscapes of Maine on painting trips with Thomas Cole and of the American Southwest while on boundary surveying expeditions. John Russell Bartlett's A Personal Narrative of Explorations and Incidents in Texas, New Mexico, California, Sonora and Chihuahua (2 vols., 1854) contains 30 of Pratt's illustrations.
Pratt's paintings include View of Smith's West Texas Ranch (1852) now owned by the Texas Memorial Museum at the University of Texas. Other paintings are in the collections of Brown University and the Amon Carter Museum in Fort Worth, Texas.
H.C. Pratt also painted portraits. Through their career, portrait subjects included:
Josefa Anchondo
John Russell Bartlett (1852)
Henry Gardner Bridges
Adeline Burr Ellery
Nicholas Emery
Isaac Ilsley
Adoniram Judson
Marquis de Lafayette
James Wiley Magoffin (1852)
Benjamin Pierce
Martha C. Dickinson Pooke
Elizabeth Trull (1831), possibly one of the granddaughters of Capt. John Trull
William Johnson Walker
Russell Warren
John B. Wheeler
Gallery
References
External links
Fort Yuma, Colorado River. 1850
Henry Cheever Pratt -- California art
19th-century American painters
19th-century American male artists
American male painters
American portrait painters
Artists from Boston
1803 births
1880 deaths
19th century in Boston
Burials at Christ Church, Philadelphia
Fantasias for Guitar and Banjo is the debut album of the folk guitarist Sandy Bull, released in 1963 through Vanguard Records.
Recording
Bull recorded the album accompanied by Billy Higgins, a session jazz drummer who had previously appeared on early Ornette Coleman records. Together they recorded three original pieces as well as interpretations of Carmina Burana Fantasy and Non nobis Domine.
Music
The highlight of Fantasias for Guitar and Banjo is usually considered to be its opener "Blend", a lengthy improvisational piece. According to Bull, the ideas behind the piece originated from their admiration of Folkways Records, which documented ethnic music from across the world. They also claimed to being particularly inspired from hearing Ravi Shankar and Ali Akbar Khan in New York City. "Blend" has been viewed as a "virtual travelogue of styles done in a then revolutionary modal tuning". The tuning is in the key of B.
Release and reception
Matthew Greenwald of AllMusic describes Fantasias for Guitar and Banjo as an "incredible debut" and lauds it for being well ahead of its time. Writing in Crawdaddy in December 1966, Sandy Pearlman recognized the album as a work that presaged pop music's move toward raga rock. Pearlman said that, with Fantasias, Bull "became a leading innovator in the assimilation of Indian influences into a Western musical context".
Author Kevin Fellezs views the album as a prime example of an "underacknowledged early fusion-world recording that remains musically compelling today".
Track listing
Personnel
Sandy Bull – banjo, guitar
Billy Higgins – drums
External links
References
1963 debut albums
Vanguard Records albums
Sandy Bull albums
Catharina Josepha Pratten (15 November 1824 – 10 October 1895) was a German guitar virtuoso, composer and teacher, also known as Madame Sidney Pratten.
They were born Catharina Josepha Pelzer in Mülheim on the 15 November 1824, the daughter of the German guitarist and music teacher Ferdinand Pelzer.
On 24 September 1854, they married the flautist Robert Sidney Pratten.
They died on 10 October 1895.  They are buried at Brompton Cemetery, London.
Them guitar was advertised for sale in The Times in "splendid condition" in 1939.
References
External links
1824 births
1895 deaths
19th-century guitarists
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
Composers for the classical guitar
19th-century German composers
German classical composers
19th-century German women musicians
19th-century women composers
German classical guitarists
German women classical composers
German expatriates in the United Kingdom
People from Mülheim
Shaun Lightman (born 15 April 1943) is a retired British international racewalker.
Athletics career
They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
They represented England in the 20 miles walk, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.
References
1943 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
British male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for England
Football at the 2011 Summer Universiade will be held at six venues in Shenzhen, China from 11 August to 22 August.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
References
2011
2011 in association football
football
2011
2011 in Chinese football
Votaw is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carmen Delgado Votaw
Carolyn Harding Votaw (1879–1951), American missionary and public servant
Ty Votaw (born 1962), American lawyer and golf administrator
See also
Votaw, Texas, unincorporated community in the United States
Syntrophomonas is a bacterial genus from the family of Syntrophomonadaceae.
Phylogeny
The currently accepted taxonomy is based on the List of Prokaryotic names with Standing in Nomenclature (LPSN) and National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI)
See also
List of bacterial orders
List of bacteria genera
References
Further reading
Negativicutes
Bacteria genera
Frasne station is a railway station located in Frasne, Doubs, France. The station was opened on 10 June 1855 and is located on the Dijon–Vallorbe and Frasne–Les Verrières lines. The train services are operated by SNCF and Swiss Federal Railways.
Services
The following services stop at Frasne:
TGV Lyria: high-speed service between Paris-Lyon and .
TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté: regional service to , , and .
RegioExpress: connecting service with the TGV Lyria to .
References
External links
Railway stations in France opened in 1855
Railway stations in Doubs
The Silent Traveller in London ( (“London Pictorial”)) is a 1938 book by the Chinese author Chiang Yee.
It covers their pre-war experience in London, the capital city of England and the United Kingdom. Chiang Yee's account was one of the first widely available books written by a Chinese author in English. They were fascinated by such social conventions as afternoon tea and discussing the weather. Comparing London with China Chiang Yee draws parallels and contrasts:
"I am bound to look at things from a different angle, but I have never agreed with people who hold that the various nationalities differ greatly from each other. They may be different superficially, but they eat, drink, sleep, dress, and shelter themselves from the wind and rain in the same way."
The book is illustrated by the author with colour and monochrome plates in a Chinese style.
The book was originally published by Country Life in London. Second and third impressions were published in 1938 and a fourth impression was published in 1940. It was reprinted by Signal Books in 2001 ().
This book is part of The Silent Traveller series. In 1940, they moved from London to Oxford due to the loss of their flat during the Blitz in World War II, and subsequently wrote The Silent Traveller in Oxford in 1944.
References
External links
The Silent Traveller
The silent traveller: Chiang Yee in Britain 1933-55 (Victoria and Albert Museum)
1938 non-fiction books
British memoirs
British travel books
Books about London
Chinese literature
English non-fiction books
Rapo or Räpo may refer to
Place
Räpo, Võru Parish, Estonia
Surname
Donald Rapo (born 1990), Albanian footballer
Erkki Rapo (1946–2004), Finnish amateur autograph collector
Eric Rapo (born 1972), Swiss footballer
Marco Rapo (born 1978), Italian football manager
See also
Dušan Rapoš (born in 1953), Slovak film director
Degrassi (season 3) may refer to:
Degrassi Junior High (season 3) airing 1988-1989
Degrassi: The Next Generation (season 3), airing 2003–2004, renamed Degrassi in 2010
Marius Germinal Boyer (22 September 1885, Marseille24 December 1947, Casablanca) was a French architect active in Casablanca, Morocco.
Biography
Marius Boyer was admitted to the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris in 1904. They were a student of and ascended to the in 1904 and to the class in 1908. At the time, students had to ascend from the to the . They won the in 1910, and they earned their diploma around 1913.
They moved to Casablanca, then under the authority of the French Protectorate in Morocco, where they worked with Jean Balois. They worked as a professor of architecture at .
Notable works
Some of their important projects include the Glawi Building (1922), the Vigie Marocaine Building (1924), the Lévy-Bendayan Building (1928), the Wilaya Building of Casablanca (1928-1936), the Moses Assayag Building (1930-1932), the Hotel Transatlantique (c. 1932), the (1934), Cinema Vox (c. 1935), and the Anfa Hotel 1938.
References
1885 births
1947 deaths
20th-century French architects
Architects from Marseille
Route 136, or Highway 136, can refer to:
Argentina
National Route 136 (Argentina)
Canada
Ontario Highway 136 (former)
Prince Edward Island Route 136
Quebec Route 136 (Montreal)
Quebec Route 136 (Quebec City)
Costa Rica
National Route 136
France
D136 as at Guillaucourt or Tortefontaine
Périphérique de Rennes (N136), Rennes
Germany
L 136 state road from Gräfenhainichen to Möhlau via Zschornewitz
India
National Highway 136 (India)
Ireland
R136 road
Japan
Japan National Route 136
Fukuoka Prefectural Route 136 from Sawara-ku, Fukuoka southeast to Miyaki District, Saga
Nara Prefectural Route 136
Malaysia
Malaysia Federal Route 136
Jalan Kesang Laut
Mexico
Mexican Federal Highway 136
Mexican Federal Highway 136D
Norway
European route E136
Sweden
Route 136 (Öland, Sweden)
United Kingdom
A136 road
United States
U.S. Route 136
Alabama State Route 136
Arkansas Highway 136
California State Route 136
Colorado State Highway 136
Connecticut Route 136
Florida State Road 136
County Road 136 (Suwannee County, Florida)
County Road 136A (Suwannee County, Florida)
Georgia State Route 136
Illinois Route 136
Indiana State Road 136 (former)
Iowa Highway 136
K-136 (Kansas highway)
Kentucky Route 136
Louisiana Highway 136
Louisiana State Route 136 (former)
Maine State Route 136
Maryland Route 136
Massachusetts Route 136
M-136 (Michigan highway)
New Hampshire Route 136
New Mexico State Road 136
New York State Route 136
County Route 136A (Cayuga County, New York)
County Route 136 (Cortland County, New York)
County Route 136 (Herkimer County, New York)
County Route 136 (Jefferson County, New York)
County Route 136 (Niagara County, New York)
County Route 136 (Westchester County, New York)
North Carolina Highway 136
Ohio State Route 136
Oklahoma State Highway 136
Pennsylvania Route 136
Rhode Island Route 136
South Dakota Highway 136 (former)
Tennessee State Route 136
Texas State Highway 136
Texas State Highway Spur 136
Farm to Market Road 136
Utah State Route 136
Utah State Route 136 (1933-1969) (former)
Virginia State Route 136
Virginia State Route 136 (1930-1933) (former)
Virginia State Route 136 (1933-1948) (former)
Wisconsin Highway 136
Wyoming Highway 136
Territories
Puerto Rico Highway 136
Cronaca Vera (Italian for True Chronicles) is a weekly, tabloid news magazine, published in Italy.
History
The magazine was founded in 1969 by entrepreneur Sergio Garassini, who had launched the monthly erotic magazine Kent. Garassini appointed Antonio Perria, crime author and former ABC editor who had also worked at L'Unità as a crime reporter, to be the periodical's first editor-in-chief. The graphic illustrator and comics artist Maurizio Bovarini was entrusted with the design of Cronaca, while they also, in the same year, started working as editor at the Italian edition of Hara-Kiri magazine.
Content
The magazine is printed in "low-quality paper" and costs one euro. An issue typically contains from about a dozen up to fifteen reports ranging from local news to crime, from stories of everyday violence to controversies. It contains columns such as Il Racconto Giallo/Nero (Tales of Yellow/Black) with crime stories, or I Misteri del Sesso (The Mysteries of Sex), where readers write in about their sexual problems. Its titles, in "jarring yellows and reds," are considered by Vice magazine to be "wonderful."
Cronaca Vera is considered "a lurid tabloid" by some critics, although its covers are for others "unmissable", while for the mayoralty of Ribera, Agrigento, the magazine is "prestigious."
Popularity
In the mid-1970s, Cronaca was selling approximately 600 thousand issues every week. Editor-in-chief Giuseppe Biselli contends that the magazine receives "approximately 20,000 letters" from readers every year. They agree with the finding that it is the most popular publication among prison inmates.
See also
ABC
L'Espresso
Oggi
Panorama
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Italian Publishers Association website
Magazines published in Milan
Weekly magazines published in Italy
News magazines published in Italy
Italian-language magazines
Magazines established in 1969
1969 establishments in Italy
The eclectus parrot (Eclectus roratus) is a parrot native to the Solomon Islands, Sumba, New Guinea and nearby islands, northeastern Australia, and the Maluku Islands (Moluccas). It is unusual in the parrot family for its extreme sexual dimorphism of the colours of the plumage; the male having a mostly bright emerald green plumage and the female a mostly bright red and purple/blue plumage. Joseph Forshaw, in their book Parrots of the World, noted that the first European ornithologists to see eclectus parrots thought they were of two distinct species. Large populations of this parrot remain, and they are sometimes considered pests for eating fruit off trees. Some populations restricted to relatively small islands are comparably rare. Their bright feathers are also used by native tribespeople in New Guinea as decorations.
Taxonomy
Ornithologists usually classify the eclectus parrot as a member of tribe Psittaculini in the family Psittacidae of order Psittaciformes. However, some recent thoughts indicate a great deal of commonality between the eclectus parrot and the Lorini tribe.
Sir D'Arcy Wentworth Thompson noted similarities in the skull were noted between the eclectus parrot and members of the genus Geoffroyus, specifically in the auditory meatus and the prefrontal reaching but not joining the squamosal bones. The skull of members the genus Tanygnathus is also generally similar.
The eclectus parrot is the most sexually dimorphic of all the parrot species. The contrast between the brilliant emerald green plumage of the male and the deep red/purple plumage of the female is so marked that the two birds were, until the early 20th century, considered to be different species.
Although the eclectus parrot is the only extant species in the genus Eclectus, fossil remains of another species, the oceanic eclectus parrot (Eclectus infectus), have been found in archaeological sites in the islands of Tonga and Vanuatu. The species presumably existed in Fiji, as well. E. infectus had proportionally smaller wings than the eclectus parrot. The species became extinct after the arrival of humans 3000 years ago, presumably due to human-caused factors (habitat loss, introduced species).
Subspecies
Nine subspecies of eclectus parrots are known, although the species as a whole needs reviewing. Access to some regions where the species occurs is difficult due to geographical or political reasons, hence field observations have been limited. Furthermore, many skins collected in the early part of the 19th century have deteriorated in some museums. However, most eclectus skins in US museums are in good condition. In captivity in the U.S., some of the most common subspecies are the Solomon Island, Vosmaer's, and the New Guinea red-sided.
E. r. roratus, known as the grand eclectus, is found on Buru, Seram, Ambon, Saparua, and Haruku in the southern Maluku Islands. The subspecies begins intergrading with race vosmaeri on Seram.
E. r. vosmaeri, known as Vosmaer's eclectus or Vos eclectus, was originally described by Rothschild and is named after Dutch naturalist Arnout Vosmaer, who described the bird in their writings in 1769, noting it as new to science, based upon a female individual discovered in their collection. Larger in size than the nominate subspecies with more yellow in the plumage, it is found on islands in the North Maluku province. The male has more yellow-toned plumage on the head and neck. The tail is bluer and has a small pale lemon yellow border. The female is a brighter red on the head, back, and wings. Them undertail coverts are yellow and at least an inch of the tail is bright pure yellow. Vosmaer's eclectus is the most commonly kept subspecies in aviculture.
E. r. cornelia, known as the Sumba Island eclectus parrot, is restricted to Sumba island in the Lesser Sunda Islands. Also larger than the nominate, the male is a paler shade of green overall and has a bluer tail. The female has an all red plumage, except for the primaries which are a dark royal blue.
E. r. riedeli, known as the Tanimbar Islands eclectus parrot, is found on the Tanimbar Islands. It is smaller than the nominate race. The male has a more bluish tinge to its green cheeks and neck, and its tail is edged with a broad band of yellow. The female has an all red plumage, except for royal blue primaries and a broad band of yellow to edge the tail.
E. r. polychloros, known as the New Guinea red-sided eclectus parrot, was named by Scopoli. Larger than the nominate race, the green plumage of the male only has a slight yellow tinge and the tail is tipped with a half-inch yellow band. The central tail feathers are green and lateral ones blue and green. It is widely distributed from Kai Islands and western islands of the West Papua province in the west, across the island of New Guinea to the Trobriands, D'Entrecasteaux Islands, and Louisiade Archipelago to the east. It has also been introduced to the Goram Islands, Indonesia.
E. r. macgillivrayi, known as the Australian eclectus parrot, was named by Gregory Mathews in 1912. It is found on the tip of Cape York Peninsula. It resembles E. r. polychloros, but is larger overall.
E. r. solomonensis, known as the Solomon Island eclectus parrot, resembles E. r. polychloros, but is smaller overall with smaller bills and paler orange in the upper mandible of the male. The green of the male has a more yellow tint, quite similar to the green of E. r. vosmaeri.
In 2019, Birdlife International proposed that the eclectus parrot be split into four species, which are also recognized by the IUCN Red List.
Moluccan Eclectus (Eclectus roratus) - including subspecies voesmaeri
Papuan Eclectus (Eclectus polychloros) - including subspecies aruensis, biaki, macgillivrayi, and solomonensis
Sumba Eclectus (Eclectus cornelia)
Tanimbar Eclectus (Eclectus riedeli)
Dubious subspecies
Aru Island eclectus parrot (E. r. aruensis) – While some believe this bird is doubtfully valid from E. r. polychloros, others believe it is a distinct subspecies, as the rich yellow on the tail tip of the male often is infused with pink, orange, or bright red. At this point, no male eclectus in other subspecies has been described with this type of tail feather coloring. The Aru Island eclectus specimens are also larger than E. r. polychloros, often weighing 100 grams or more than E. r. polychloros.
Biak Island eclectus parrot (E. r. biaki) – While some believe the Biak eclectus is doubtfully valid from E. r. polychloros, others believe it is a distinct subspecies due to the size difference, vocalization, and behavior differences.
Westerman's eclectus parrot (E. r. westermani) – Many of the museum specimens have clipped wings and clipped tails, and no uniformity is seen in the coloration of the female specimens, indicating the likelihood of these specimens being crossbred aviary birds. However, Joseph Forshaw doubted it was an aberration, and its status remains unclear. If it ever existed, it is extinct today.
Description
The Eclectus Parrot is unusual in the parrot family for its marked visible light sexual dimorphism in the colours of the plumage. A stocky short-tailed parrot, it measures around in length. The male is mostly bright green with a yellow-tinge on the head. It has blue primaries, and red flanks and underwing coverts. Its tail is edged with a narrow band of creamy yellow and is dark grey edged with creamy yellow underneath, and the tail feathers are green centrally and bluer as they get towards the edges. The grand Eclectus female is mostly bright red with a darker hue on the back and wings. The mantle and underwing coverts darken to a more purple in colour, and the wing is edged with a mauve-blue. The tail is edged with yellowish-orange above and is more orange tipped with yellow underneath. The upper mandible of the adult male is orange at the base fading to a yellow towards the tip, and the lower mandible is black. The beak of the adult female is all black. Adults have yellow to orange irises and juveniles have dark brown to black irises. The upper mandible of both male and female juveniles are brown at the base fading to yellow towards the biting edges and the tip.
The above description is for the nominate race. The abdomen and nape of the females are blue in most subspecies, purple abdomen and nape in the subspecies (roratus) and lavender abdomen and nape in the (vosmaeri) subspecies from the north and the central Maluku Islands, and red abdomen and nape in the subspecies from Sumba and Tanimbar Islands (Cornelia and riedeli). Females of two subspecies have a wide band of yellow on the tail tip, riedeli and vosmaeri which also have yellow undertail coverts. The female vosmaeri displays the brightest red of all the subspecies, both on the head and body. They don't tend to talk in clear voices until they are 1 year old.
Diet
The diet of the eclectus in the wild consists of mainly fruits, wild figs, unripe nuts, flower and leaf buds, and some seeds. In captivity, they eat most fruits including mangos, figs, guavas, bananas, melons, stone fruits, grapes, citrus fruits, pears, apples, pomegranate, and papaya (pawpaw). The eclectus has an unusually long digestive tract, so tolerates a high-fiber diet. In captivity, the eclectus parrot benefits from specially formulated pellets, fruits, vegetables, leafy greens such as endive and dandelion, and a small amount of seeds and nuts such as almonds and walnuts.
Breeding
In its natural habitat, the eclectus nests within hollows in large, emergent rainforest trees. Suitable hollows are at a premium and the hen vigorously defends their chosen nesting site from other females (perhaps even fighting to the death), remaining resident at 'her tree' for up to 11 months of the year, rarely straying from the entrance to their hollow and relying on multiple males to feed them via regurgitation. Males may travel up to 20 km to forage and up to five males will regularly provide food for each female, each competing with the others for their affections and the right to father them young. Unlike other parrot species, eclectus parrots are polygynandrous—females may mate with multiple male suitors and males may travel from nesting site to nesting site to mate with multiple females. This unique breeding strategy may explain the pronounced sexual dimorphism of the eclectus, as the female must remain conspicuous at the entry to the nest hole (to advertise their presence at their hollow to males and rival females), but well hidden when in the depths of the nest, because the red color hides them well in the darkness. The male is primarily a brilliant green color, which offers camouflage amongst the trees whilst foraging. However, the plumage of both sexes appears spectacular when viewed in the ultraviolet spectrum, an ability which predators such as hawks and owls lack.
Two white eggs are laid, which are incubated for 28–30 days. Young fledge at about 11 weeks.
Although eclectus parrots may reach sexual maturity earlier or later, they usually reach it between 2–3 years.
Eclectus hens have a strong maternal instinct, which is displayed in captivity, where they constantly seek possible nesting places, climbing into cupboards, drawers, and spaces beneath furniture, and becoming very possessive and defensive of these locations. An unpaired hen may go on to lay infertile eggs with little encouragement in the spring. It is often possible to place abandoned eggs from other parrot species beneath a broody eclectus hen, which they will readily accept and then incubate to the point of hatching, even rearing the hatched chick up to the point it is removed from the nest.
Adult females with poor nest hollows often commit infanticide on the male, if they produce both a male and a female chick. Inadequate nest hollows have a habit of flooding in heavy rain, drowning the chicks or eggs inside. This reported infanticide in wild pairs may be the result of other causes, since this behavior where the hen selectively kills male chicks is not observed in captive birds.
Aviculture
Eclectus parrots are one of the more popular birds kept in captivity, as either parent or hand reared. Unlike many other species of parrot they are relatively easy to breed yet difficult to hand feed.
Eclectus parrots are generally calm birds in captivity, displaying a pensive affect when faced with novel items or situations, which may give rise to the mistaken impression that the species is 'dull-witted'. The eclectus may also exhibit more neophobia than other species of companion bird. Eclectus parrots are prone to feather destruction (picking, pulling, cutting, and / or barbing) in captivity.
While the subspecies E. r. vosmaeri is the most commonly kept in aviculture over all, many eclectus parrots in captivity in Australia are apparently hybrids between subspecies E. r. polychloros and E. r. solomonensis, as Taronga Zoo Sydney had a flock of these two subspecies in a large aviary many years ago. Specimens of the Australian subspecies E. r. macgillivrayi have only recently entered the aviculture market in Australia and are more expensive.
The average lifespan of the eclectus parrots in captivity is unknown, since these birds were not kept in captivity in great numbers until the 1980s. Some sources consider the lifespan to be 30 years. The maximum reliably recorded longevity for this species is 28.5 years, but a lifespan of 40.8 years has also been reported.
Eclectus parrots in captivity are prone to "toe tapping" - characterized by involuntary extension and contractions of the muscles of the feet that cause the bird to constantly tap its toenails against a perch. It is believed to be related to bird's diet and may be a result of providing the eclectus with food fortified with vitamins, processed food intended for humans (particularly containing human-made vitamins or preservatives) or food containing spirulina.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
Honolulu Zoo Article on eclectus parrots
Information and photographs of ecletus parrots. Land of Vos.
Information and photographs of eclectus parrots. Eclectus-parrots.com
Information and species descriptions and photographs of eclectus parrots. Eclectus Group.
Oriental Bird Images: Eclectus parrot Selected photos
eclectus parrot
Birds of the Maluku Islands
Birds of Melanesia
eclectus parrot
eclectus parrot
The 1998 season was the seventh full year of competitive football (soccer) in Estonia since gaining independence from the Soviet Union on 20 August 1991.
National Leagues
Meistriliiga
Esiliiga
Estonian FA Cup
Final
Estonian Super Cup
National Team
Notes
External links
1997–1998 season on RSSSF
RSSSF Historic Results
RSSSF National Team Results
RSSSF Baltic Cup 1998
Seasons in Estonian football
William Samuel Steele (July 14, 1923 – September 19, 1989) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the long jump. Steele won the gold medal in the long jump at the 1948 London Olympics. A two-time USA Outdoor champion, Steele was the 1948 Olympic Trials champion and a two-time NCAA long jump champion. They were considered the world's best long jumper in 1942 and 1946, and was world ranked #1 by Track & Field News their first two years of producing worldwide rankings, 1947 and 1948.
Career
Steele was born in El Centro, California on July 14, 1923. At age 4 their family moved to San Diego where they graduated from Herbert Hoover High School in 1940.
Steele initially competed for San Jose State College, coached by Bud Winter in the early 1940s, In 1942 the 18-year-old Willie Steele won the AAU Junior long jump and had the best mark of 25-7 (7.80) which topped the world rankings that year.
Their college and track career was interrupted by World War II when they enlisted in the Army. They served in Italy and the Philippines, and they were decorated for their service.[1
After the war, Steele returned to college at San Diego State College (now San Diego State University) where they played basketball, football, and as a track star won two NCAA and one AAU broad jump championships. They had personal bests in the 100-yard dash of 9.7 (1948) and 26'6' in the long jump (1947), a mere 2.25 inches behind Jesse Owens' world record of 1935 that stood for some 25 years. Their long jump remains the school record at San Diego State, not even surpassed by 1976 Olympic Gold medalist Arnie Robinson.
In their crowning achievement, they won the gold medal in the long jump in the 1948 London Summer Olympics. Prior to the event, Steele had suffered an ankle injury. They were able to take only two jumps, but won the gold medal, despite the injury, with their first leap of 25 feet 8 inches.
After their track career, Steele signed a contract to play halfback for the Los Angeles Rams but only performed in some exhibition games before being cut from the team.
Soft-spoken and unpretentious, Steele was the epitome of the student-athlete and they were a popular speaker at social and civic functions. Steele spent most of their working career in Oakland, California as a director in the city's Parks and Recreation Department. They raised a family in Oakland. A year after they retired, Steele died of cancer on September 19, 1989 at age 66.
In 2009, Willie Steele was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame.[2] They were also inducted into the Hall of Champions in San Diego's Balboa Park.
Championships
1948 Olympic Games: Long Jump - 7.82 m (1st)
1948 Olympic Trials: Long Jump - 7.98 m (1st)
1946 AAU Outdoors: Long Jump - 7.32 m (1st)
1947 AAU Outdoors: Long Jump - 7.55 m (1st)
1948 NCAA Outdoors: Long Jump - 7.60 m (1st)
1947 NCAA Outdoors: Long Jump - 8.08 m (1st)
.
References
External links
Obituary. San Diego Union (24 September 1989), A-30; Robert Fikes Jr. The Black in Crimson and Black: A History and Profiles of African Americans at SDSU (San Diego: SDSU Library and Information Access, 2004). , http://www.legacy.usatf.org/halloffame/TF/showBio.asp?HOFIDs=237
1923 births
1989 deaths
American male long jumpers
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in track and field
Athletes (track and field) at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Track and field athletes from California
San Jose State University alumni
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
San Diego State Aztecs men's track and field athletes
United States Army personnel of World War II
Deaths from cancer in California
Sukhdev Patil (born 23 November 1998) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Churchill Brothers in the I-League.
Career
Early career
Born in Kolhapur, Maharashtra, Patil started their career with Pune in their youth academy. In 2014, they were selected to be part of the Maharashtra side that took part in the 2014 Santosh Trophy. They soon joined the youth ranks at DSK Shivajians before joining Minerva Academy in 2015. On 17 February 2016, it was revealed that Patil moved once again to ONGC.
Goa and Mumbai
In August 2017, it was announced that Patil had signed with Goa of the Indian Super League as their third-choice goalkeeper. After not making an appearance with Goa, Patil signed with Mumbai in the I-League.
Delhi Dynamos
On 23 July 2017, Patil was selected in the 10th round of the 2017–18 ISL Players Draft by Delhi Dynamos for the 2017–18 Indian Super League season. They made their professional debut for the club on 6 December 2017 against Jamshedpur. They came on as an 86th minute substitute for Albino Gomes as Delhi Dynamos lost the match 1–0 through an earlier goal.
Churchill Brothers
Churchill Brothers S.C. signed the Goalkeeper on August 9, 2019
International
Patil has represented India at the under-20 level.
Career statistics
Honours
India
SAFF Championship runner-up: 2018
References
External links
Delhi Dynamos FC Profile.
1998 births
Living people
People from Kolhapur
Indian footballers
Pune FC players
DSK Shivajians FC players
RoundGlass Punjab FC players
ONGC FC players
FC Goa players
Mumbai FC players
Odisha FC players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Maharashtra
Indian Super League players
India youth international footballers
Maharashtra football team players
Emanuel Jay Taylor (born November 8, 1967) is a former American football cornerback. They spent seven seasons with the Phoenix Cardinals and the Kansas City Chiefs.
External links
Just Sports Stats
1967 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Diego
American football cornerbacks
Grossmont Griffins football players
San Jose State Spartans football players
Phoenix Cardinals players
Kansas City Chiefs players
Kord Qeshlaq (, also Romanized as Kord Qeshlāq; also known as Gord Qeshlāq, Kord Qeshlāqī, and Kurd-Kishlak) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Bala Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Zanjan County
Mayer High School is a high school (serving grades 9 through 12) in Mayer, Arizona. Along with an elementary school, it comprises the Mayer Unified School District. Schools in this district operate on a four-day school week.
Mayer USD includes almost all of Mayer, Cordes Lakes, Spring Valley, and a small portion of Black Canyon City.
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Yavapai County, Arizona
The Archdiocese of Brasília () is ecclesiastical territory or archdiocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church located in the city of Brasília in Brazil. The archdiocese is a metropolitan see.
History
January 16, 1960: Established as Diocese of Brasília from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Goiânia
October 11, 1966: Promoted to Metropolitan Archdiocese of Brasília
Bishops
Archbishops of Brasília
Jose Newton de Almeida Baptista (1960–1984), was Archbishop (personal title) until the see was raised to archdiocese in 1966
José Freire Falcão (1984–2004) (Cardinal in 1988)
João Braz de Aviz (2004–2011), appointed Prefect of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life (Cardinal in 2012)
Sérgio da Rocha (2011–2020) (Cardinal in 2016), appointed Archbishop of São Salvador da Bahia
Paulo Cezar Costa (2020–present)
Auxiliary bishops
Aloísio Sinésio Bohn (1977-1980), appointed Bishop of Novo Hamburgo, Río Grande do Sul
Geraldo do Espírito Santo Ávila (1977-1990), appointed Archbishop of Brazil, Military
Raymundo Damasceno Assis (1986-2004), appointed Archbishop of Aparecida, São Paulo (Cardinal in 2010)
Alberto Taveira Corrêa (1991-1996), appointed Archbishop of Palmas, Tocantins
Jésus Rocha (1993-2004), appointed Bishop of Oliveira, Minas Gerais
João Evangelista Martins Terra, S.J. (1994-2004)
Francisco de Paula Victor (1996-2011)
Leonardo Ulrich Steiner, O.F.M. (2011-2019), appointed Archbishop of Manaus, Amazonas
Valdir Mamede (2013-2019), appointed Bishop of Catanduva, São Paulo
José Aparecido Gonçalves de Almeida (2013-
Marcony Vinícius Ferreira (2014-
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
José Ronaldo Ribeiro, appointed Bishop of Janaúba, Minas Gerais in 2007
Waldemar Passini Dalbello, appointed Auxiliary Bishop of Goiânia, Goias in 2009; Apostolic Administrator here in 2011
Marcos Antônio Tavoni, appointed Bishop of Bom Jesus do Gurguéia, Piaui in 2014
Jeová Elias Ferreira, appointed Bishop of Goias in 2020
Giovanni Carlos Caldas Barroca, appointed Bishop of Uruaçu (Uruassu), Goias in 2020
Suffragan dioceses
Diocese of Formosa
Diocese of Luziânia
Diocese of Uruaçu
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Brasilia
Christian organizations established in 1960
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
1960 establishments in Brazil
Waldhof may refer to:
Waldhof, Luxembourg, a hamlet in the commune of Niederanven, Luxembourg
Waldhof, Mannheim, a district of Mannheim, Germany
Waldhof, the former German name for the Prussian village of Wierzonka, Poland
a short name for SV Waldhof Mannheim, an association football club located in Mannheim
Waldhof-Falkenstein, a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prümin, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany
Waldhof (factory), former cellulose factory in Pärnu, Estonia
Shelley Ormes (born 2 August 1974) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Australian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brisbane
Měšice is a municipality and village in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 2,000 inhabitants.
History
The first written mention of Měšice is from 1294. In 1434, a stone fortress was built here. In 1767–1775 the Měšice Castle was built. In 1871–1872 the railroad to Všetaty was built, but the connection with Prague was not finished until 1888.
Sights
The Měšice Castle is the main landmark of Měšice. It is built in Rococo style with Neoclassical elements and contains remarkable sculptural and painterly decoration. It includes an English landscape garden with rare trees and the oldest lightning rod in Bohemia, which was installed in 1775. Today a private medical facility (Centre of Integrated Oncological Care) resides there.
References
External links
(in Czech)
Villages in Prague-East District
Admiral was a career naval officer in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Biography
Takasu was a native of Sakuragawa Village, (currently part of Inashiki, Ibaraki), and graduated from the 35th class of the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, where their classmates included future admirals Nobutake Kondō and Naokuni Nomura. They served their midshipman duty on the cruisers and , and as sublieutenant on the battleship , cruiser , and battlecruiser .
Takasu was commissioned as a lieutenant in December 1913, serving on the battleship , followed by the cruiser . They attended the 17th class of the Naval Staff College and was promoted to lieutenant commander upon graduation in December 1919. On June 23, they were assigned as a military attaché to the United Kingdom and was promoted to commander in December of the same year. After their return to Japan in 1924, they served as executive officer on the cruiser . A year later, they were assigned as an instructor at the Naval War College and promoted to captain in December 1928, after which they received their first command, the cruiser in 1929.
Takasu returned to England again in December 1930 to serve as military advisor on the ambassador's staff. They served on the court marshal of the perpetrators of the May 15 Incident in 1932. They were promoted to rear admiral on November 15, 1934 and reassigned to head the 3rd Bureau of the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff, which was in charge of military intelligence. An outspoken opponent to the Tripartite Alliance between Japan, Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, they were a member of the naval faction led by Isoroku Yamamoto and Mitsumasa Yonai opposed to war with the western powers. From 1936-1937, they commanded the First Carrier Division, which was active in combat in the early stages of the Second Sino-Japanese War, and was a naval advisor to the fledgling state of Manchukuo in 1937. Promoted to vice admiral on November 15, 1938, they then became commandant of the Naval War College. They were assigned as commander of the IJN 5th Fleet on September 29, 1939.
On April 29, 1940, Takasu was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun, 1st class.
On November 15, 1940, Takasu was assigned to command the IJN 4th Fleet, and from August 11, 1941, the IJN 1st Fleet. As the military position of Japan became precarious in the Solomon Islands and other areas of the Southwest Pacific, Takasu was assigned to command the Southwest Area Fleet from September 15, 1942. The IJN 13th Air Fleet also came under their command from September 20, 1943. Promoted to full admiral on March 1, 1944, they were recalled to Japan on June 18, to assume the position of military councilor. However, they died of sickness only two months later and their grave is at the Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo.
Notes
References
Evans, David C. and Mark R. Peattie. (1997). Kaigun: Strategy, Tactics, and Technology in the Imperial Japanese Navy, 1887-1941. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ;
External links
1884 births
1944 deaths
Imperial Japanese Navy admirals
Military personnel from Ibaraki Prefecture
Military personnel of the Second Sino-Japanese War
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun
Japanese admirals of World War II
This list contains notable cast members of the Gunsmoke radio and TV series, and TV movies. The listing includes regular cast members, guest stars, and recurring cast members.
Radio cast
Regulars
William Conrad as Matt Dillon
Parley Baer as Chester Wesley Proudfoot
Howard McNear as Doc Adams
Georgia Ellis as Kitty Russell
Recurring
While the radio series had relatively few recurring supporting characters, and those roles were often shared, the following actors played recurring roles with comparative consistency, in addition to a variety of one-time roles
Harry Bartell played Mr. Hightower
Guest stars
Many actors appeared regularly on Gunsmoke, in the majority of episodes, but in a variety of one-shot roles; others were only heard once or twice
Edgar Barrier
Jeanne Bates
Dick Beals
Frank Cady
Virginia Christine
Hans Conried
Richard Deacon
John Dehner
Don Diamond
Lawrence Dobkin
Sam Edwards
Paul Frees
Virginia Gregg Jerry Hausner
Joseph Kearns
Jack Kruschen
John McIntire
Junius Matthews
Ralph Moody
Jeanette Nolan
Vic Perrin
Barney Phillips
Peggy Rea
John Stephenson
James Westerfield
TV cast
Regulars
James Arness as Matt Dillon
Amanda Blake as Kitty Russell (1955–1974)
Milburn Stone as Doc Galen Adams
Dennis Weaver as Chester Goode (1955–1964) Glenn Strange as Sam Noonan (1961–1973)
Burt Reynolds as Quint Asper (1962–1965)
Ken Curtis as Festus Haggen (1964–1975)
Roger Ewing as Thaddeus "Thad" Greenwood (1965–1967)
Buck Taylor as Newly O'Brien (1967–1975)
Recurring
Tom Brown as townsman Ed O'Connor (1959, 1968–1974)
Woodrow Chambliss as merchant Mr. Lathrop (1966–1975)
Howard Culver as hotel clerk Howie (1955–1974)
Robert Brubaker as townsman Jim Buck (1957–1961), as bartender Floyd (1974–1975)
Kelton Garwood (aka Jonathan Harper) as undertaker Percy Crump (1966–1972)
Dabbs Greer as merchant Mr. Jonas (1956–1968)
Pat Hingle as Dr. John Chapman (1971)
Victor Izay as bartender Bull (1970–1974)
Ted Jordan as freight office manager Nathan Burke (1966–1975)
James Nusser as town drunk Louie Pheeters (1956–1970)
Hank Patterson as livery manager Hank Miller (1962–1973)
Roy Roberts as bank manager Mr. Bodkin (1965–1975)
Fran Ryan as Long Branch owner Hannah (1974–1975)
Charles Seel as telegrapher Barney (1965–1974)
Sarah Selby as boarding house owner Ma Smalley (1961–1972)
George Selk as livery owner Moss Grimmick (1955–1964)
Rudy Sooter as townsman Rudy (1965–1967)
Herb Vigran as Judge Brooker (1970–1975)
Charles Wagenheim as townsman Ed Halligan (1966–1975)
Guest stars
John Abbott
Stanley Adams
Claude Akins
Marc Alaimo
Jack Albertson
Mabel Albertson
Mario Alcalde
Norman Alden
Fred Aldrich
James Anderson
John Anderson
Richard Anderson
Keith Andes
Edward Andrews
Michael Ansara
Lou Antonio
R. G. Armstrong
Todd Armstrong
Jean Arthur
Ed Asner
John Astin
Malcolm Atterbury
Barry Atwater
Lew Ayres
Jim Backus
Raymond Bailey
Joe Don Baker
Ed Bakey
Rayford Barnes
Baynes Barron
Norman Bartold
Harry Basch
Richard Basehart
Ned Beatty
Jim Beaver
John Beck
Noah Beery Jr.
Ed Begley
Ralph Bellamy
Alma Beltran
Susanne Benton
Warren Berlinger
James Best
Ramon Bieri
Theodore Bikel
Billie Bird
Dan Blocker
Lloyd Bochner
Sorrell Booke
Nesdon Booth
Bruce Boxleitner
William Boyett
Ray Boyle
Stewart Bradley
Scott Brady
Eric Braeden
Chet Brandenburg
Hank Brandt
Peter Breck
David Brian
Beau Bridges
Morgan Brittany
Charles Bronson
Joe Brooks
Joshua Bryant
Edgar Buchanan
Joyce Bulifant
Brooke Bundy
Michael Burns
Ellen Burstyn (aka Ellen McRae)
Norman Burton
Robert Burton
Gary Busey
Billy Green Bush
Archie Butler
Sebastian Cabot
Frank Cady
Howard Caine
Joseph Campanella
William Campbell
J. D. Cannon
Harry Carey Jr.
Paul Carr
David Carradine
John Carradine
Conlan Carter
John Carter
Anthony Caruso
Albert Cavens
Spencer Chan
Virginia Christine
Lee J. Cobb
Fred Coby
John Colicos
Míriam Colón
Christopher Connelly
Chuck Connors
Mike Connors
Tim Considine
Elisha Cook Jr.
Bill Coontz
Charles Cooper
Glenn Corbett
Gretchen Corbett
Jeff Corey
Robert Cornthwaite
Aneta Corsaut
Dennis Cross
Robert Culp
James Daly
Royal Dano
Kim Darby
Henry Darrow
Bette Davis
Jim Davis
Richard Deacon
Gloria DeHaven
John Dehner
Bruce Dern
Joe De Santis
William Devane
Alan Dexter
George DiCenzo
Angie Dickinson
Charles Dierkop
Lawrence Dobkin
James Doohan
Burt Douglas
Jerry Douglas
Richard Dreyfuss
Don Dubbins
Andrew Duggan
John Dullaghan
Liam Dunn
Robert Easton
Buddy Ebsen
Barbara Eden
Jack Elam
Dana Elcar
Robert Ellenstein
Sam Elliott
Jena Engstrom
Bill Erwin
Gene Evans
Jason Evers
Diana Ewing
Frank "Fidi" Fayad
Pamelyn Ferdin
John Fiedler
Paul Fix
Jay C. Flippen
Nina Foch
Constance Ford
Harrison Ford
Michael Forest
Steve Forrest
Jodie Foster
Robert Foulk
Anne Francis
Bert Freed
Joan Freeman
Victor French
Alan Fudge
Beverly Garland
Leif Garrett
Will Geer
Melissa Gilbert
Gwynne Gilford
Sam Gilman
Ray Girardin
Ned Glass
Mark Goddard
Thomas Gomez
Harold Gould
Dabbs Greer
Julie Gregg
James Gregory
James Griffith
Sam Groom
Raymond Guth
Herman Hack
Joan Hackett
Kevin Hagen
Sid Haig
Alan Hale Jr.
Murray Hamilton
Chick Hannan
Jerry Hardin
Mariette Hartley
Edmund Hashim
Johnny Haymer
Eileen Heckart
Katherine Helmond
Tom Hennesy
Chuck Hicks
Joe Higgins
Marianna Hill
Robert Hogan
Earl Holliman
Rex Holman
Dennis Hopper
William Hopper
Clint Howard
Rance Howard
Ron Howard
Clyde Howdy
Clegg Hoyt
John Hoyt
David Huddleston
Marsha Hunt
Kim Hunter
Josephine Hutchinson
Betty Hutton
Craig Huxley
Diana Hyland
Steve Ihnat
John Ireland
Sherry Jackson
Richard Jaeckel
Anthony James
Brion James
Clifton James
Salome Jens
Roy Jenson
James Jeter
Ben Johnson
Russell Johnson
I. Stanford Jolley
Henry Jones
L. Q. Jones
Mickey Jones
Katherine Justice
Robert Karnes
DeForest Kelley
Jack Kelly
Adam Kennedy
George Kennedy
Richard Kiley
Wright King
Jess Kirkpatrick
Werner Klemperer
Jack Klugman
Ted Knight
Yaphet Kotto
Martin Kove
Kay E. Kuter
Diane Ladd
Ethan Laidlaw
Jack Lambert
Martin Landau
Sue Ane Langdon
Robert Lansing
Peyton Langston
John Larch
John Lasell
Louise Latham
Cloris Leachman
Michael Learned
Anna Lee
Lance LeGault
Mark Lenard
Kay Lenz
Geoffrey Lewis
George Lindsey
Joanne Linville
Jonathan Lippe
June Lockhart
Gary Lockwood
Robert Loggia
Jack Lord
Jon Lormer
Tom Lowell
William Lucking
Karl Lukas
Keye Luke
BarBara Luna
Herbert Lytton
Tom McFadden
Darren McGavin
Barton MacLane
Howard McNear
Gerald McRaney
Arthur Malet
Lee Majors
Kenneth Mars
Lynne Marta
Arlene Martel
Ross Martin
Strother Martin
Charles Maxwell
Rose Marie
Scott Marlowe
Ken Mayer
Mercedes McCambridge
Gloria McGehee
John McLiam
Joseph Mell
Troy Melton
Robert Middleton
Vera Miles
Denny Miller
Donna Mills
Cameron Mitchell
Ricardo Montalban
Ron Moody
Harry Morgan
Read Morgan
Diana Muldaur
Richard Mulligan
Burt Mustin
Anna Navarro
Gene Nelson
Lois Nettleton
Leslie Nielsen
Leonard Nimoy
Jimmy Noel
Jeanette Nolan
Nick Nolte
France Nuyen
J. Pat O'Malley
Simon Oakland
Warren Oates
Richard O'Brien
Carroll O'Connor
Tim O'Connor
Arvo Ojala
Ken Olandt
Gerald S. O'Laughlin
Susan Oliver
James Olson
John Orchard
Gregg Palmer
Tex Palmer
Woodrow Parfrey
Michael Pate
Hank Patterson
John Payne
Leo Penn
Vic Perrin
Nehemiah Persoff
Brock Peters
George O. Petrie
Robert Phillips
Slim Pickens
Robert Pine
Ed Platt
Suzanne Pleshette
Joe Ploski
Michael J. Pollard
Judson Pratt
Andrew Prine
Denver Pyle
John Quade
Ford Rainey
Chips Rafferty
Dack Rambo
Gilman Rankin
Tom Reese
Richard Reeves
John Reilly
Carl Reindel
Stafford Repp
Alejandro Rey
Madlyn Rhue
Paul Richards
Peter Mark Richman
Pernell Roberts
Elizabeth Rogers
Wayne Rogers
Gilbert Roland
Ruth Roman
Andy Romano
Katharine Ross
Al Ruscio
Bing Russell
Kurt Russell
Fran Ryan
Alfred Ryder
Willard Sage
Albert Salmi
Steve Sandor
Dick Sargent
John Saxon
William Schallert
John Schuck
Alex Sharp
Karen Sharpe
William Shatner
Jacqueline Scott
W. Morgan Sheppard
Gregory Sierra
Tom Simcox
Joseph Sirola
Tom Skerritt
Hal Smith
Milan Smith
William Smith
Quentin Sondergaard
David Soul
Olan Soule
Aaron Spelling
Harry Dean Stanton
Craig Stevens
Warren Stevens
Charlotte Stewart (aka Charlotte Considine)
Paul Stewart
Guy Stockwell
Leonard Stone
Milburn Stone
Don Stroud
Liam Sullivan
Hope Summers
Frank Sutton
Karl Swenson
Loretta Swit
Gloria Talbott
William Talman
Russ Tamblyn
Vic Tayback
Dub Taylor
Roy Thinnes
Brad Trumbull
Forrest Tucker
Cicely Tyson
Robert Urich
Joan Van Ark
Lee Van Cleef
Joyce Van Patten
Vince Van Patten
Robert Vaughn
John Vernon
Jan-Michael Vincent
Jon Voight
Jess Walton
Lesley Ann Warren
Ruth Warrick
David Wayne
Fritz Weaver
Richard Webb
Judi West
Stuart Whitman
James Whitmore
Johnny Whitaker
Grace Lee Whitney
Peter Whitney
Collin Wilcox
Guinn Williams
Noble Willingham
Chill Wills
William Windom
Jason Wingreen
Michael Witney
Morgan Woodward
Meg Wyllie
Dana Wynter
Anthony Zerbe
References
Sources
Dunning, John. On the Air: The Encyclopedia of Old Time Radio.
Gunsmoke
Gunsmoke
Henryk Charucki (born 2 December 1955) is a Polish former racing cyclist. They won the Tour de Pologne 1979.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
Polish male cyclists
People from Ostrów Mazowiecka
Sportspeople from Masovian Voivodeship
Peri J. Bearman (born 1953) is an academic scholar of Islamic law. They were the Associate Director of the Islamic Legal Studies Program at Harvard Law School.  They are also currently the Editor-in-Chief and Islam section editor for the Journal of the American Oriental Society (JAOS).
Life
Peri Bearman took degrees in Arabic and Islamic Studies from the University of Leiden. They worked for Brill Publishers as the senior editor for the Middle East, and was a member of the editorial board of the second edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam.
Selected publications
(ed. with Th. Bianquis, C. E. Bosworth, E. van Donzel, W. P. Heinrichs ) Encyclopædia of Islam, 2nd edition., 12 vols. and one vol. index, Leiden: E.J. Brill, 1960–2005
(ed.) The Encyclopaedia of Islam, new edition. Index of subjects, Leiden : E.J. Brill, 1993-.
(ed. with Rudolph Peters and Frank E. Vogel) The Islamic School of Law: Evolution, Devolution, and Progress, Cambridge, Massachusetts: Islamic Legal Studies Program, Harvard Law School : Distributed by Harvard University Press, 2005. Harvard series in Islamic law, 2.
(ed. with Wolfhart Heinrichs and Bernard G. Weiss) The Law Applied: Contextualizing the Islamic Shari'a. A Volume in Honor of Frank E. Vogel, London: I.B. Tauris, 2008.
Peri Bearman, "Islamic Law: In the MENA Region," in Oxford Encyclopedia of the Modern World (editor-in-chief: Peter N. Stearns), 4 vols., New York: Oxford University Press, 2008.
senior editor, The Oxford Encyclopedia of Islam and Politics (editor-in-chief: Emad Shahin ), 2 vols., New York: Oxford University Press, 2013.
(ed. with Rudolph Peters) The Ashgate Research Companion to Islamic Law, Farnham, Surrey, UK: Ashgate, 2014.
Peri Bearman, ''A History of the'' Encyclopaedia of Islam, Atlanta: Lockwood Press, 2018.
References
1953 births
Living people
Leiden University alumni
Harvard Law School faculty
Book editors
American Islamic studies scholars
Kamenev Bight () is a shallow embayment about wide in the ice shelf fringing the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. Cape Krasinskiy, an ice cape, marks the western end of the bight which lies northwest of the Schirmacher Hills. The bight was photographed from the air by the Sixth Norwegian Antarctic Expedition in 1958–59 and was mapped from these photos. It was also mapped in 1961 by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition who named it for S.S. Kamenev, an organizer of Arctic expeditions.
See also
Golubaya Bay
References
Bays of Queen Maud Land
Princess Astrid Coast
Bights (geography)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1533.
Events
October – The censors of the Collège de Sorbonne stigmatize François Rabelais' Pantagruel as obscene.
date unknown – French poet Maurice Sceve announces that they have found the tomb of "Laura", the woman who is the subject of so many poems by Petrarch, at the church of Santa Croce in Avignon, further strengthening French interest in the Italian poet.
New books
Prose
Henry Cornelius Agrippa – De occulta philosophia libri tres, Books 2 & 3
Antoine Marcourt (as Pantople) – Le Livre des marchans
Approximate year
Young Man of Arévalo
Brief Compendium of our Sacred Law and Sunna
Tafsira
Drama
John Heywood
The Merry Play between Johan Johan the Husband, Tyb their Wife, and Sir Johan, the Priest (first published; written 1520)
The Mery Play between the Pardoner and the Frere, the Curate and Neybour Pratte (first published)
The Play of the Wether, a new and mery interlude of all maner of Wethers
The Play of Love
Poetry
Births
January 2 – Johann Major, German poet and theologian (died 1600)
January 3 – Jerónimo Bautista Lanuza, Spanish friar, bishop and homiletic writer (died 1624)
June 6 – Bernardino Baldi, Italian mathematician, polymath and writer (died 1617)
August 7 – Alonso de Ercilla, Spanish soldier and poet (died 1594)
Unknown dates
Eknath, Marathi language religious poet in the Hindu tradition of India (died 1599)
Elazar ben Moshe Azikri, Jewish kabbalist, poet and writer (died 1600)
Andrea Rapicio, Italian poet writing in Latin (died 1573)
Sun Kehong (孫克弘), Chinese landscape painter, calligrapher and poet (died 1611)
(Or 1534) – Lucas Janszoon Waghenaer, Dutch cartographer (died 1606)
Deaths
July 6 – Ludovico Ariosto, Italian poet also writing Latin verse (born 1474)
November 6 or 11 – Pieter Gillis, Flemish humanist, printer and Antwerp city official (born 1486)
Unknown date – Giovanni Francesco Pico della Mirandola, Italian philosopher writing in Latin (born 1470)
References
1533
1533 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
Arthur Schopenhauer was a 19th-century German philosopher. They were an early defender of animal rights, going against the prevailing idea at the time that animals had no rights and only had instrumental value to humans. According to Schopenhauer, "The assumption that animals are without rights and the illusion that our treatment of them has no moral significance is a positively outrageous example of Western crudity and barbarity. Universal compassion is the only guarantee of morality." Schopenhauer argued that animals should be treated with respect and compassion, as they, like humans, are subjected to the metaphysical will, and experience suffering and craving as a result.
Background
Animals have been supposed to have lesser rights than humans from the beginning of history, with a few exceptions in some philosophical and religious traditions. Arthur Schopenhauer, having been influenced by the philosophical school of thought of Buddhism, came to the conclusion that animals are subjected to a form of metaphysical Will and that they are therefore subject to suffering and craving.
Influence of Buddhism
Arthur Schopenhauer, who had been strongly influenced by the Buddhist tradition in their philosophy of the Will, would argue thereafter that animals do have rights that should be respected, as they are beings driven by craving and subject to The Will. Schopenhauer says that due to The Will contained in animals, they should be treated kindly, as there is not only an ethical component involved but even a person's character is altered by how they treat non-human animals. According to Schopenhauer: "Since compassion for animals is so intimately associated with goodness of character, it may be confidently asserted that whoever is cruel to animals cannot be a good man." and finally, that "Universal compassion is the only guarantee of morality", echoing Buddhist views on animal ethics. However, Schopenhauer did not openly advocate for vegetarianism. Arthur Schopenhauer has often been referred to as "The First European Buddhist" due to how similar their beliefs were to Buddhist philosophy.
Influence of Hinduism
Schopenhauer had a profound interest in studying the hindu philosophies, which held that animals should be treated with a minimum of respect. Their poodle dogs, of which Schopenhauer was fond of, were named "Atman", in reference to the Sanskrit word "Atman", which means "Self or Soul". Schopenhauer believed that, since animals have a Will similar to that humans do, it is pertinent that they be treated with compassion. According to Schopenhauer, the ethical treatment of animals was not only of ethical importance but important to the creation of good character.
Criticism of Christianity's view on animals
According to Schopenhauer, the traditional Christian view on the rights of animals is eschewed, as it presupposes that man has a righteous superiority in comparison to non-human animals, being allowed to use them as they so wish. Schopenhauer says the fact that Christian morality handles animals as mere "things", that is, as a means, constitutes an immoral aspect of Christian philosophy. Schopenhauer would say that not recognizing the existence of the Will contained in animals is a faulty aspect of Christian thought. For Schopenhauer, the Christian idea that man has an absolute right to authority over all other animals should be considered an error.
Schopenhauer's Poodle
It was said that, during their later life, Arthur Schopenhauer preferred to live in solitude, with the exception of their pet dogs, all of which were purportedly poodles. It was said that their company of animals had been an influential factor in the development of their view on animal rights. All of their dogs were supposedly named "Atman", as in reflecting the sanskrit word for "true self", used in reference to the concept of the Atman from Hindu philosophy. It was said that Schopenhauer, naturally having a misanthropic aversion to people, would rather spend their time with walks with their poodle. They gained some notoriety as a mostly lonesome man who kept only the company of their dogs during old age, taking walks with them often, having once written: "whoever has never kept dogs does not know what it is to love and be loved".
References
Further reading
Arthur Schopenhauer
Animal rights
Horne Glacier () is a valley glacier, long, draining southwest from the Everett Range in Victoria Land, Antarctica. The glacier lies directly between Mount Works and Mount Calvin before entering the lower part of Greenwell Glacier. It was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Robert P. Horne, U.S. Navy Reserve, pilot of C-130 aircraft on photographic flights in Operation Deep Freeze 1968 and 1969. This glacier lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
References
Glaciers of Pennell Coast
Parliamentary elections were held in Egypt on 21 December 1929. The result was a victory for the Wafd Party, which won 198 of the 236 seats, including 102 seats in which their candidates were returned unopposed. Four independents were also returned unopposed.
The election was boycotted by the Liberal Constitutionalist Party, and only 26 Ittihad Party and four Watani Party candidates contested the election.
Results
References
Egypt
Elections in Egypt
1929 in Egypt
December 1929 events
Election and referendum articles with incomplete results
Stacko is the debut studio album by British rapper MoStack. It was released on 7 June 2019 via MizerMillion Entertainment and Virgin EMI. The album features guest appearances from British rappers J Hus, Dave, Stormzy, Fredo, and singer/songwriter Dolapo.
Track listing
Credits adapted from Tidal.
Charts
Certifications
References
2019 debut albums
Petr Litvinchuk (born 14 April 1976) is a sport shooter from Belarus. They were born in Brest, Belarus, and lives in Minsk, Belarus.
They competed for Belarus in the 2008 Summer Olympics, coming in 17th in the Men's 50m rifle prone.
They share the world record in the 50 meter rifle prone competition, with a 600 they shot in 2003.
Current world record in 50 m rifle prone
References
External links
the-sports bio
1976 births
Living people
Olympic shooters of Belarus
Shooters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Belarusian male sport shooters
Sportspeople from Minsk
Laurent Dubois is the Marcello Lotti Professor of Romance Studies and History and founder of the Forum for Scholars & Publics at Duke University. Their studies have focused on Haiti.
Education
Dubois was an undergraduate at Princeton University, graduating in 1992, then earned their Ph.D. from University of Michigan at Ann Arbor in 1998.
Career
Dubois's main areas of research deal with the history of Haiti and the politics of soccer. They have received a Guggenheim Fellowship and a National Endowment for the Humanities Fellowship. Their book A Colony of Citizens: Revolution and Slave Emancipation in the French Caribbean, 1787-1804 won the 2005 Frederick Douglass Prize.
Bibliography
Avengers of the New World: The Story of the Haitian Revolution (2004)
A Colony of Citizens: Revolution and Slave Emancipation in the French Caribbean, 1787-1804 (2004)
An Enslaved Enlightenment: rethinking the Intellectual History of the French Atlantic (2006)
Soccer Empire: The World Cup and the Future of France (2010)
Haiti: The Aftershocks of History (Holt, 2012)
The Banjo: America's African Instrument (Harvard University Press, 2016)
References
Living people
Duke University faculty
Princeton University alumni
Horace H. Rackham School of Graduate Studies alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Warship () is a long-running yearly publication covering the design, development, and service history of combat ships. It is published by Conway Publishing in the United Kingdom and the United States Naval Institute Press in North America.
History
Warship began as a quarterly magazine, which, according to The Dreadnought Project, published "historical and technical essays of incredible value and merit to students of fighting ships". The first issue, edited by Antony Preston, was published in January 1977; featured articles included "Washington's Cherrytrees: The Evolution of the British 1921–22 Capital Ships", by N.J.M. Campbell, and "British Destroyer Appearance in World War II: Fleet Destroyers 1939–42", by Alan Raven. The journal became an annual in 1989, under the editorship of Robert Gardiner. Under this new format, The Dreadnought Project notes, "it remains the "periodical" that deserves a space on your reference bookshelf long after it has been read the first time."
Current status
Since 2004, Warship is edited by John Jordan. Each annual issue comprises articles by retired naval officers, marine architects, and maritime experts spanning the globe. In 2003, Sea Power wrote "This first-class compendium of articles on the world's warships has something of interest for virtually every reader". In 2009 Conway Publishing set up a website to support the magazine, featuring a gallery, a content index, articles from past editions, and ship plans.
Index of issues
A comprehensive index of past issues and their articles can be found in the online Warship archive or at The Dreadnought Project.
Editorial history
The following persons have been editor-in-chief of the magazine:
John Jordan: Warship 2005–2012
Antony Preston: Warship 1999–2004
David McLean and Antony Preston: Warship 1996–1998
John Roberts: Warship 1994–1995
Robert Gardiner: Warship 1989–1993
Ian Grant: Volume XII
Andrew Lambert: Volumes IX–XI
Randal Gray: Volume VIII
John Roberts: Volumes III–VII
Antony Preston: Volumes I & II
Notable contributors
Notable contributors include:
Andrew Lambert
Vincent P. O'Hara
References
External links
Military magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1977
History magazines published in the United States
Maritime history magazines
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in London
History magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in Maryland
The Diabolo project
created a new railway line serving Brussels National Airport.
It is so called because of its shape, resembling a Chinese yo-yo: the line forms a chord between the Brussels-Leuven line 36 going east and the new Brussels-Antwerp line 25N going north, and connects with them via a triangular junction at each end. Its addition to the network permits a much more flexible airport railway service to be provided: as well as mainline trains going north and east, future high-speed services between London, Paris, Amsterdam and Cologne could call there. This would make Brussels National Airport a fully-fledged international railway station on the model of Amsterdam's Schiphol or Paris' Charles de Gaulle.
Before the project, the airport had another station, a terminus, linked only to the Brussels-Leuven line with a single track and only connecting to/from Brussels. The outline of track can still be seen on maps and satellite images, it entered the airport terminal from the west. It was constructed (with the rest of the terminal) for the 1958 world exposition.
The connection from the airport station to the new line was built by SA Diabolo in a Public Private Partnership. SA Diabolo will maintain and rent the infrastructure to Infrabel for 35 years. In 2045 it will sell to Infrabel for 1 Euro. The three platforms of the existing railway station were extended to allow Intercity trains. Just under 3 km of line runs with slab track through a combination of cut and cover double track and single bore tunnels connecting to the 25N line in both directions at a flyover junction.
The 25N line was built by Infrabel along the exceptionally broad (40m) central reservation of the A1/E19 motorway from Schaerbeek/Schaarbeek to the new Mechelen station. It was built for 220 km/h operation and equipped with TBL1+ and ETCS level 1 signaling.
The bridge span connecting it to the existing line at the northern end was placed in May 2009 and the tunnel into the airport at the southern end has been dug. The line was officially opened as planned on Friday, 8 June 2012 by King Albert. The first train from Mechelen to the airport ran on 10 June 2012 with a journey time of 8 minutes in place of the previously required 40 minutes. The completion of the Diabolo project and the Schuman-Josaphat tunnel are key infrastructure components needed for the rationalization of Brussels suburban rail services into the Brussels GEN/RER, whose stepwise inauguration is planned between 2015 and 2025.
To fund the project and the operation of the line, a surcharge (currently €5.50) is charged on most train tickets to and from Brussels Airport station. Ticket gates at the station require a 2D barcode to be scanned to permit entrance or exit.
In the Infrabel inventory, the line is called 36C, making it a dependency of line 36.
References
External links
Detailed documentary on construction techniques. In dutch, the english version only shows the architecture
Pictures of 25N construction, late 2011
Railway lines in Belgium
St. Clair County is the oldest county in Illinois; its western border is formed by the Mississippi River, bordering Missouri. It is a part of the Metro East in southern Illinois. According to the 2020 United States Census, it had a population of 257,400, making it the eighth-most populous county in Illinois and the most populous in the southern portion of the state. Its county seat is Belleville. The county was founded in 1790 by the government of the Northwest Territory, from the western half of Knox County, before the establishment of Illinois as a state as the base for the Illinois Territory. Cahokia Village in the county was founded in 1697 and was a French settlement and former Jesuit mission.
St. Clair County is part of the American Bottom or Metro-East area of the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In 1970, the United States Census Bureau placed the mean center of U.S. population in St. Clair County.
History
This area was occupied for thousands of years by cultures of indigenous peoples. The first modern explorers and colonists of the area were French and French Canadians, founding a mission settlement in 1697 now known as Cahokia Village. After Great Britain defeated France in the Seven Years' War in 1763 and absorbed its territory in North America east of the Mississippi River, British-American colonists began to move into the area. Many French Catholics moved to settlements west of the river rather than live under British Protestant rule.
After the United States achieved independence in the late 18th century, St. Clair County was the first county established in present-day Illinois; it antedates Illinois' existence as a separate jurisdiction. The county was established in 1790 by a proclamation of Arthur St. Clair, first governor of the Northwest Territory, who named it after himself.
The original boundary of St. Clair county covered a large area between the Mackinaw and Ohio rivers. In 1801, Governor William Henry Harrison re-established St. Clair County as part of the Indiana Territory, extending its northern border to Lake Superior and the international border with Rupert's Land.
When the Illinois Territory was created in 1809, Territorial Secretary Nathaniel Pope, in their capacity as acting governor, issued a proclamation establishing St. Clair and Randolph County as the two original counties of Illinois.
Originally developed for agriculture, this area became industrialized and urbanized in the area of East St. Louis, Illinois, a city that developed on the east side of the Mississippi River from St. Louis, Missouri. It was always strongly influenced by actions of business people from St. Louis, who were initially French Creole fur traders with western trading networks.
In the 19th century, industrialists from St. Louis put coal plants and other heavy industry on the east side of the river, developing East St. Louis. Coal from southern mines was transported on the river to East St. Louis, then fed by barge to St. Louis furnaces as needed. After bridges spanned the river, industry expanded.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the cities attracted immigrants from southern and eastern Europe and from the South. In 1910 there were 6,000 African Americans in the city. With the Great Migration underway from the rural South, to leave behind Jim Crow and disenfranchisement, by 1917, the African-American population in East St. Louis had doubled. Whites were generally hired first and given higher–paying jobs, but there were still opportunities for American blacks. If hired as strikebreakers, they were resented by white workers, and both groups competed for jobs and limited housing in East St. Louis. The city had not been able to keep up with the rapid growth of population. The United States was developing war industries to support its eventual entry into the Great War, now known as World War I.
In February 1917 tensions in the city arose as white workers struck at the Aluminum Ore Company. Employers fiercely resisted union organizing, sometimes with violence. In this case they hired hundreds of blacks as strikebreakers. White workers complained to the city council about this practice in late May. Rumors circulated about an armed African American man robbing a white man, and whites began to attack blacks on the street. The governor ordered in the National Guard and peace seemed restored by early June.
"On July 1, a white man in a Ford shot into black homes. Armed African-Americans gathered in the area and shot into another oncoming Ford, killing two men who turned out to be police officers investigating the shooting." Word spread and whites gathered at the Labor Temple; the next day they fanned out across the city, armed with guns, clubs, anything they could use against the blacks they encountered. From July 1 through July 3, 1917, the East St. Louis riots engulfed the city, with whites attacking blacks throughout the city, pulling them from streetcars, shooting and hanging them, burning their houses. During this period, some African Americans tried to swim or use boats to get to safety; thousands crossed the Eads Bridge to St. Louis, seeking refuge, until the police closed it off. The official death toll was 39 blacks and nine whites, but some historians believe more blacks were killed. Because the riots were racial terrorism, the Equal Justice Initiative has included these deaths among the lynchings of African Americans in the state of Illinois in its 2017 3rd edition of its report, Lynching in America.
The riots had disrupted East St. Louis, which had seemed to be on the rise as a flourishing industrial city. In addition to the human toll, they cost approximately $400,000 in property damage (over $8 million, in 2017 US Dollars ). They have been described as among the worst labor and race-related riots in United States history, and they devastated the African-American community.
Rebuilding was difficult as workers were being drafted to fight in World War I. When the veterans returned, they struggled to find jobs and re-enter the economy, which had to shift down to peacetime.
In the late 20th century, national restructuring of heavy industry cost many jobs, hollowing out the city, which had a marked decline in population. Residents who did not leave have suffered high rates of poverty and crime. In the early 21st century, East St. Louis is a site of urban decay. Swathes of deteriorated housing were demolished and parts of the city have become urban prairie. In 2017 the city marked the centennial of the riots that had so affected its residents.
Other cities in St. Clair County border agricultural or vacant lands. Unlike the suburbs on the Missouri side of the metro area, those in Metro-East are typically separated by agriculture, or otherwise undeveloped land left after the decline of industry. The central portion of St. Clair county is located on a bluff along the Mississippi River. This area is being developed with suburban housing, particularly in Belleville, and its satellite cities. The eastern and southern portion of the county is sparsely populated. The older small communities and small tracts of newer suburban villages are located between large areas of land devoted to corn and soybean fields, the major commodity crops of the area.
Geography
According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.4%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Belleville have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of at East St. Louis, Illinois was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 55
Interstate 64
Interstate 70
Interstate 255
U.S. Highway 40
U.S. Highway 50
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 15
Illinois Route 111
Illinois Route 156
Illinois Route 157
Illinois Route 158
Illinois Route 159
Illinois Route 161
Illinois Route 163
Illinois Route 177
Illinois Route 203
Public transit
St. Clair County is home to 11 St. Louis MetroLink stations on the Red and Blue Lines.
East Riverfront
5th & Missouri
Emerson Park
Jackie Joyner-Kersee Center
Washington Park
Fairview Heights
Memorial Hospital
Swansea
Belleville
College
Shiloh-Scott
St. Clair County is also served by Metrobus and Madison County Transit.
Adjacent counties and city
Madison County (north)
Clinton County (northeast)
Washington County (east)
Randolph County (south)
Monroe County (southwest)
St. Louis, Missouri (west)
St. Louis County, Missouri (west)
Demographics
In the 2020 United States Census the racial makeup of the county was 59.6% White, 29.7% black or African American, 1.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.1% from other races, and 6.8% from two or more races. 4.9% were of Hispanic or Latino origin.
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 270,056 people, 105,045 households, and 70,689 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 116,249 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 64.6% white, 30.5% black or African American, 1.2% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.2% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 27.5% were German, 11.1% were Irish, 7.4% were English, and 4.6% were American.
Of the 105,045 households, 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.6% were married couples living together, 17.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.7% were non-families, and 27.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 36.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,562 and the median income for a family was $61,042. Males had a median income of $47,958 versus $34,774 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,770. About 12.3% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 9.7% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The Southwestern Illinois Correctional Center, operated by the Illinois Department of Corrections, is near East St. Louis.
Also located in St. Clair County is Scott Air Force Base, which is home to U.S. Transportation Command, the Air Force's Air Mobility Command, and the Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command.
Politics
St. Clair County is a reliably Democratic county, having voted for the Democratic presidential candidate in every presidential election since 1928, with the exception of the 1972 United States presidential election.
Communities
Cities
Belleville
Cahokia Heights
Collinsville
Columbia
East St. Louis
Fairview Heights
Lebanon
Madison
Mascoutah
O'Fallon
Villages
Brooklyn
Caseyville
Dupo
East Carondelet
Fairmont City
Fayetteville
Freeburg
Hecker
Lenzburg
Marissa
Millstadt
New Athens
New Baden
Sauget
Shiloh
Smithton
St. Libory
Summerfield
Swansea
Washington Park
Census-designated places
Darmstadt
Floraville
Paderborn
Rentchler
Scott AFB
Unincorporated communities
Douglas
Imbs
North Dupo
Signal Hill
State Park Place
Westview
Townships
Canteen
Caseyville
Centreville
East St. Louis
Engelmann
Fayetteville
Freeburg
Lebanon
Lenzburg
Marissa
Mascoutah
Millstadt
New Athens
O'Fallon
Prairie du Long
St. Clair
Shiloh Valley
Smithton
Stites
Stookey
Sugarloaf
Former Township
Belleville
Former Communities
Alorton
Cahokia
Centreville
National City
Islands
Bloody Island
Education
Here is a list of school districts with any territory in the county, no matter how slight, even if the schools and/or administrative offices are located in other counties:
K-12 school districts
Brooklyn Community Unit School District 188
Cahokia Community Unit School District 187
Collinsville Community Unit School District 10
Columbia Community Unit School District 4
Dupo Community Unit School District 196
East St. Louis School District 189
Lebanon Community Unit School District 9
Marissa Community Unit School District 40
Mascoutah Community Unit School District 19
New Athens Community Unit School District 60
Red Bud Community Unit School District 132
Waterloo Community Unit School District 5
Wesclin Community Unit School District 3
Secondary school districts
Belleville Township High School District 201
Freeburg Community High School District 77
O'Fallon Township High School District 203
Elementary school districts
Belle Valley School District 11
Belleville School District 118
Central School District 104
Harmony Emge School District 175
Freeburg Community Consolidated School District 70
Grant Community Consolidated School District 110
High Mount School District 116
Millstadt Consolidated Community School District 160
O'Fallon Community Consolidated School District 90
Pontiac-William Holliday School District 105
Shiloh Village School District 85
Signal Hill School District 181
Smithton Community Consolidated School District 130
St. Libory Consolidated School District 30
Whiteside School District 115
Wolf Branch School District 113
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in St. Clair County, Illinois
References
External links
A Brief History of St. Clair County, Illinois from rootsweb.com
St. Clair County Historical Society & Research Library
1790 establishments in the Northwest Territory
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Southern Illinois
Metro East
Populated places established in 1790
"Antichrist Superstar" is a song by American rock band Marilyn Manson. It was released as the first promotional single from their second studio album of the same name. The song itself is symbolic of the climax of the concept album's story, the point where the abused and wretched victim at the center of the tale takes on the identity of the nihilistic culture war iconoclast Antichrist Superstar, rampaging the world and destroying anything in their path. This image is conveyed by the song's triumphal and ominous tone; the guitar riffs are deliberately reminiscent of horns and trumpets in a totalitarian rally, in which Manson sings, and could be an allusion to how their critics see them as a threat to Christian morality and, therefore, the world.
In concert, Marilyn Manson usually sings the song atop a podium in a stage filled with banners embellished with the album's distinctive "lightning bolt/shock" symbol, much like the Nazi Nuremberg Rallies and sings the song with highly exaggerated body movements and postures meant to mock and parody dictators and televangelists.
Rover's Morning Glory uses this song's intro as the show's intro song and anthem.
Song overview
Music video
The music video for the song, directed by E. Elias Merhige and co-directed by Manson, was filmed sometime during 1996, but remains officially unreleased. It was originally screened at the 1997 San Francisco Film Festival as part of a program titled "Newly Minted Memories". It won a Golden Gate Certificate of Merit in the "Music Video" category.
In 1996, Merhige was contacted by Manson to produce a music video for "Cryptorchid" the day after they saw Merhige's 1991 experimental horror film Begotten. Manson and Merhige met in Los Angeles, California, where they produced the video. Merhige then expressed interest in filming a video for "Antichrist Superstar", but wanted to use a bulk of footage outtake that they had already compiled. They shot excess material featuring Manson, then edited it together with the pre-existing scenes.
Merhige used military footage from different countries and different wars that depicted the fascist aspect of the song. However, Manson was not quite sure that it represented the criticism that the subject matter deserved. Ultimately, release of the video was vetoed by Interscope, who was appalled by the quality of the cinematography. The frontman, for their part, expressed interest in seeing its release someday, quipping: "that's not to say it won't be seen but I'm not sure if [Merhige] ever had a fair chance of finishing it because of the record company."
For over 14 years the film was shelved by Interscope. Despite this, on June 19, 2010, the music video was released in its entirety on YouTube. The leaked video is 5 minutes and 43 seconds in length although, according to the title card, its total run time is 5 minutes and 23 seconds. It was filmed by Merhige in black and white, incorporating footage from Begotten as well as the military warfare footage. Original scenes including Manson were also filmed where they are seen playing a demagogue in a business suit tearing pages out of a bible from the top of a podium similar to their live performance of the song. Henry S. Rosenthal of San Francisco-based film company Complex Corporation mentioned their involvement in the production of the video and they are credited in the film's intertitle. In mid-2011 the music video was put up for streaming on the band's official website.
References
1996 singles
Marilyn Manson (band) songs
Satirical songs
Song recordings produced by Trent Reznor
1996 songs
Political songs
Songs about music
Songs critical of religion
Songs written by Marilyn Manson
Songs written by Jeordie White
Songs written by Madonna Wayne Gacy
Nothing Records singles
Solar River Project is a proposed photovoltaic power station planned to be built near Robertstown in South Australia. The project received development approval from the Government of South Australia in June 2018 and was expected to start construction early in 2019. However, , the project was still proposed to be constructed, but work on site was not expected until at least the second half of 2022.
The company developing it is based at the University of Adelaide's venture incubator, ThincLab. The project has the support of the Ngadjuri people and the Regional Council of Goyder.
Stage 1 includes 200 MW of solar photovoltaic electricity generation and a 120 MW·h lithium-ion battery system and was proposed to start construction early in 2019, generating its first generation before the end of the same year. Stage 1 will consist of one hundred single-axis tracker arrays each generating 2 MW and approximately for a total area of . Stage 2 is proposed to provide another 200 MW of generation and a 150 MW·h battery.
The land is north of Goyder's Line and north of the Goyder Highway on crown land unsuitable for cropping due to the low rainfall.
Downer Group was engaged in January 2019 for early contractor involvement, with construction expected to commence in July 2019 and stage 1 to take two years to build. The project had provision for three more stages, depending on market and network conditions. In July, the project's website said that construction would start in the fourth quarter of 2019. By November 2019, this had slipped to the first quarter of 2020.
Alinta Energy had committed to buy 75% of the solar farm's output for 15 years, however that contract expired due to delays in the project caused by issues such as the withdrawal of Downer Group as EPC contractor.
The grid-connected battery will be supplied by GE Renewable Energy. It is expected to be 100MW/300MWh, larger than any grid-connected batteries in the world at the time of its announcement in 2019.
References
Solar power stations in South Australia
Proposed solar power stations in Australia
Mysticum is a Norwegian industrial black metal band from Asker. They formed in 1992 under the name Sabazios, but changed shortly after with the demo release of "Medusa's Tears" in 1993. They are known as pioneers of the industrial black metal subgenre.
Line-up
Current
Preben "Prime Evil" Mulvik, also known as "Ravn" or "Svartravn" (Raven) - vocals, guitar
Benny "Herr General Cerastes" Laumann - vocals, guitar, programming
Robin "Dr. Best" Malmberg - bass guitar, programming
Past
Jan Axel "Hellhammer" Blomberg - drums (Never recorded. As stated by the band, computer-controlled drums is created with the sound to match their style. Hellhammer was just briefly in the band's line-up.)
Ivar Bjørnson - guitars
Discography
References
External links
Mysticum at Facebook
Mysticum at MySpace
Mysticum at Encyclopaedia Metallum
Norwegian black metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups from Akershus
Musicians from Asker
Bild der Frau is a German language weekly women's magazine published in Hamburg, Germany, that has been in circulation since 1983.
History and profile
Bild der Frau was established in March 1983. The headquarters of the weekly is in Hamburg. The magazine was part of the Axel Springer Group and was published by Axel Springer SE on a weekly basis. In July 2013 the Axel Springer Group sold it and many other publications to Funke Mediengruppe.
Bild der Frau is a full-color tabloid magazine which features articles related to women. As of 2015 Sandra Immoor was the editor-in-chief of the magazine of which the website was started in 2001.
Circulation
In 1987 Bild der Frau sold 2.5 million copies. During the third quarter of 1992 the magazine had a circulation of 2,094,000 copies. The circulation of the weekly was 2,108,309 copies between October and December 1994. In 1999 its circulation was 1,977,300 copies.
During the fourth quarter of 2000 the circulation of the weekly was 1,662,502 copies. In 2001 it was the eleventh best-selling women's magazine worldwide with a circulation of 1,663,000 copies. The magazine had an average circulation of 1,186,000 copies in 2003. In the fourth quarter of 2006 its circulation was 1,083,300 copies. It rose to 1,478,000 copies for 2006 as a whole.
Bild der Frau sold 1,085,258 copies during the second quarter of 2007. The magazine had a circulation of 1,021,098 copies in 2009, making it the best-selling weekly women magazine in Europe. In 2012 the circulation of the magazine was 897,600 copies. During the second quarter of 2016 the magazine had a circulation of 777,050 copies, making it the best-selling women's magazine in the country.
See also
List of magazines in Germany
References
External links
1983 establishments in West Germany
Axel Springer SE
German-language magazines
Magazines established in 1983
Magazines published in Hamburg
Weekly magazines published in Germany
Women's magazines published in Germany
The Bratislava Declaration was the result of the conference held in Bratislava on 3 August 1968 by the representatives of the Communist and Worker's parties of Bulgaria, Hungary, East Germany, Poland, the USSR, and Czechoslovakia. The declaration was a response to the Prague Spring. It affirmed an unshakable fidelity to Marxism–Leninism and proletarian internationalism, and declared an implacable struggle against "bourgeois" ideology and all "anti-socialist" forces. The Soviet Union also expressed its intention to intervene in any Warsaw Pact country if a "bourgeois" system—a pluralist system of several political parties—were ever established.
The Bratislava Declaration and Roadmap of 2016 is an unrelated document that was the outcome of an informal meeting of the 27 heads of state or government of European Union countries in Bratislava on September 16, 2016, chaired by Donald Tusk.
References
External links
Partial text of the declaration, from Keesing's Contemporary Archives, August 1968, reprinted by Stanford University
Politics of the Soviet Union
Communism in Europe
Prague Spring
1968 in Czechoslovakia
1968 documents
Vincent Ongandzi (born 22 November 1975) is a Cameroonian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
References
Living people
1975 births
Association football goalkeepers
Cameroonian footballers
Elite One player
South African Premier Division players
Cypriot First Division players
Tonnerre Yaoundé players
Bloemfontein Celtic F.C. players
Apollon Limassol FC players
Cameroon international footballers
1998 African Cup of Nations players
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Nite Owl is the name of fictional superheroes in the graphic novel limited series Watchmen, published by DC Comics. Created by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, the original Nite Owl, Hollis T. Mason, was a member of the crimefighting team the Minutemen, while the second, Daniel "Dan" Dreiberg, became a member of the vigilante team Crimebusters, also known as the titular Watchmen.
The duo is modified analogues of the first two Blue Beetle characters created for Fox Feature Syndicate and later sold to Charlton Comics. The second Nite Owl parodies the appearance of the iconic popular superhero Batman, while the first parodies The Phantom. The second Nite Owl received a four-part miniseries as part of the Before Watchmen prequel series, and made it to number 115 on Wizard's Top 200 Comic Book Characters list.
Both versions of Nite Owl made their first live-action appearances in the 2009 film Watchmen, with Dreiberg played by Patrick Wilson and Mason played by Stephen McHattie as an old man and Clint Carleton as a young man. Wilson also voices the character in the video game Watchmen: The End Is Nigh.
Fictional character biography
Hollis T. Mason
Hollis T. Mason was the first Nite Owl. At the age of 12, their father left the family farm in Montana and moved to New York City, working at Moe Vernon's Auto Repairs.
Starting out as a New York City police officer in 1938, they were inspired by Action Comics Superman and the real life exploits of Hooded Justice to take up the life of a vigilante. They were nicknamed "Nite Owl" for spending their evenings working out in the Police Gymnasiums as much as possible and going to bed at 9:00pm to rise for a 5:00am workout before donning their badge and uniform. Their costume was designed to free their arms and legs while protecting their chest, abdomen and head with a tough leather tunic. With the tunic hiding their hair, a domino mask concealed their identity.
They became a member of the Minutemen, a "masked adventurer" league in mid-1939. Mason was an "old school" crimefighter, a real "Boy Scout" in the eyes of Captain Metropolis. They stopped colorful criminals like the Screaming Skull and went on to fight supposed Axis operatives including Captain Axis during World War II. They retired in May, 1962 to open an auto business and write their memoir of their crime-fighting exploits, Under the Hood. By reading Under the Hood, Silk Spectre II later learned of the Comedian's attempted rape of their mother Silk Spectre I.
Soon after Hollis retired, Daniel Dreiberg sought them out and asked if they could use the name and persona of Nite Owl to fight crime. Mason acceded and Dreiberg became the second Nite Owl.
After Nite Owl II and Silk Spectre II broke Rorschach out of prison on Halloween night, the Knot-Tops street gang became angered by what they perceived to be vigilantism. Under the influence of the drug KT-28, the Knot-Tops believed Mason to be the same Nite Owl who participated in the prison break and decided to attack him. Mason mistook their pounding on their door for trick or treaters and opened the door to their attack. Mason put up a good fight, but the gang leader killed Mason by hitting them with the very statue of themselves that was given to them by the city as an acknowledgment and reward for their service as a costumed adventurer. Dreiberg learned about Hollis's murder and vowed revenge on the gang. As Nite Owl, they beat up one of the Knot-Tops and threatened to kill them and the whole gang before Rorschach drew them away to continue the more important mission they were on. The entire gang eventually died at the hands of Ozymandias' monster.
After being forced to change their identities to avoid government persecution Dan and Laurie changed their names to Sam and Sandra with the married surname "Hollis" in tribute to Hollis Mason.
Daniel Dreiberg
Born on September 18, 1940, Daniel Dreiberg, a Blue Beetle-like figure, relied on both technical wizardry and tools as well as their skills as a fighter, which set them apart from their fellow costumed adventurers. All of their gadgets and costumes are based on an owl theme. They use an owl-shaped flying vehicle nicknamed the "Owlship" or "Archie" (short for Archimedes, after Merlin's pet owl in T.H. White's novel The Once and Future King), equipped with a variety of offensive and defensive devices, such as flamethrowers and "screechers"—devices capable of producing a sharp screech-like sound.
Dreiberg (as Nite Owl) met fellow costumed adventurer Rorschach, who suggested they partner to take on organized crime. The two became, not only a team, but also best friends. They supported the idea of costumed vigilantes forming a group to fight crime strategically, but Rorschach and the Comedian rejected the idea. Having already come to understand that their expensive activities were too limited in scope to make any real difference, Dreiberg retired after the passing of the Keene Act on August 3, 1977. In 1985 (when the story takes place) they seemed to regret their decision to give up crime fighting, having no sense of personal fulfillment without it. Rorschach said regarding their retirement, "No staying power". Following the Keene Act, Dreiberg contributed scholarly articles to ornithological journals.
Their owl-ship represents advancements in propulsion, nautical engineering, and aerodynamics that would have exceeded the level of technological innovation known at that time, suggesting that Dreiberg was a genius. As a costumed adventurer they would also have had access to fellow hero Doctor Manhattan's futuristically advanced level of nuclear technology.
Events of Watchmen
Dreiberg became romantically entangled with the second Silk Spectre, Laurie Juspeczyk, after they left Doctor Manhattan. They returned to vigilantism along with them following the murder of the Comedian. Their first foray was the successful rescue of the occupants of a burning building. The excitement of aiding the residents awakened Dreiberg's sexual feelings for Laurie and the two made passionate love following the rescue. They later broke Rorschach out of prison in an attempt to stop Ozymandias' scheme to "save the world from itself." Unfortunately, the freeing of Rorschach indirectly resulted in the brutal murder of Hollis Mason, which Dan learned of only when they and Rorschach interrogated suspects. Upon learning of Mason's death, Dreiberg became violent, attacking the informer and loudly swearing vengeance against Mason's killers with such ferocity that Rorschach had to restrain him. In the end, Hollis' killers (the Knot-Tops) were killed along with half of New York City by Ozymandias' plot.
Dan and Rorschach traveled to Ozymandias' Antarctic fortress. They battled with and were swiftly defeated by Ozymandias, who revealed their plan to unleash a telepathic monstrosity on New York City that will release massive psychic waves that will kill half the city. Nite Owl expressed the desire to stop them and was told that it already happened. Millions were dead, and the world's nations agreed to work together to combat this new "extraterrestrial threat". Reluctantly, Dan and the recently arrived Dr. Manhattan and Laurie Juspeczyk agreed to keep this secret for the sake of world peace.
The morally absolute Rorschach left, attempting to take Dan's vehicle back to civilization to tell the world. Unseen by the others, Doctor Manhattan killed Rorschach to stop him. Dan and Laurie were offered hospitality by Ozymandias, which they accepted. Before leaving for another galaxy, Manhattan seemed satisfied and happy at the sight of Laurie now in a relationship with Dan.
In the conclusion of the story, having been assumed to be dead in the attack, they were seen in their new identities of Sam and Sandra Hollis (in homage to the late Mason), with dyed blonde hair. They traveled to California and made a brief visit to Laurie's mother Sally Jupiter, the former Silk Spectre, in which Laurie reconciles with their mother over the discovery that the Comedian was their father. They promised to visit again soon and left with the intent of continuing their adventures in crime-fighting.
Events of Doomsday Clock
It is revealed that seven years after the events of Watchmen, "Sam and Sandra Hollis" have a daughter together. They also adopt Clark, the son of two costumed villains, Mime and Marionette. After jailing the pair following an aborted bank robbery, Dr. Manhattan noted that Marionette was pregnant. They sensed that the child had a bright future ahead of him. In order to preserve that future, they took the boy as an infant following their birth in a prison hospital. Dr. Manhattan named them Clark, raised them nearly to their teen years and after bequeathing Clark their powers and infusing their life force into the planet, brought Clark to the Hollises to raise.
Other versions
Kingdom Come
Kingdom Come, set on Earth-22, features Hollis Mason's book Under the Hood on display in a store.
Feature film and script versions
In the 1989 Sam Hamm film draft script and the 2003 David Hayter film draft script the superhero name is Night Owl'''. Further, the characters that adopted the Nite Owl persona are combined into one character, and there is no showing or mention of Hollis Mason as the first Nite Owl. In the climax of the 2003 script Dreiberg kills Veidt after sleeping with Laurie while in Antarctica. In addition Dreiberg and Laurie have a child at the end of the story.Hayter, David. WATCHMEN --3rd draft--. September 26, 2003. Accessed on December 8, 2008. 132.
In other media
Television
Both Nite Owl incarnations appear in Watchmen: Motion Comic, where they, along with every other character in the series, are voiced by Tom Stechschulte.
Nite Owl II makes numerous cameo appearances in Teen Titans Go!, most notably the episode "Real Boy Adventures". During the "Real Real Boy" song performance, Nite Owl appears in a crowd, singing along with Robin and Cyborg, and standing beside John Stewart and Control Freak.
Although they do not appear in Watchmen, supplementary materials reveals that Dan and Silk Spectre II ended their relationship in the 1990s, as they desired children while they wished to keep fighting crime. They were later arrested in 1995 by the FBI for violating the Keene Act after foiling the Oklahoma City bombing. While Laurie subsequently became a member of the FBI, Dan is still in federal custody. This was confirmed in the episode "She Was Killed by Space Junk", where Senator Joe Keene Jr. notices that Laurie Blake has a pet owl and they state that they can arrange for Dan to be pardoned if they become President of the United States. The supplementary materials also reveal that Dan had sent a mocking gift for Laurie in the form of "Excalibur", a vibrator modelled after Doctor Manhattan designed by Dan, in addition to expanding their enterprise by distributing Owlships to various law enforcement agencies through MerlinCorp, a company secretly owned by him.
Film
Both Nite Owl incarnations appear in Watchmen. Patrick Wilson portrays the second Nite Owl, Dan Dreiberg, and Stephen McHattie portrays the original Nite Owl, Hollis Mason. Mason's murder at the hands of the gang is not featured in the theatrical version, although the director's cut shows their death. Clint Carleton portrayed the younger Hollis Mason in flashbacks.
Video games
Nite Owl II appears as a playable character in Watchmen: The End Is Nigh, with Patrick Wilson reprising their role from the film.
In popular culture
In The Simpsons episode "Husbands and Knives", infant versions of Nite Owl II along with Ozymandias, Dr. Manhattan, and Rorschach are shown riding a surfboard on the cover of a DVD of the fictional film Watchmen Babies in V for Vacation (a parody of Alan Moore's graphic novels Watchmen and V for Vendetta'').
References
DC Comics male superheroes
DC Comics martial artists
Fictional aviators
Fictional characters from New York City
Fictional police officers in comics
Watchmen characters
Fictional male detectives
Fictional inventors
Fictional mechanics
Comics characters introduced in 1986
Vigilante characters in comics
Jewish superheroes
Parodies of Batman
Blue Beetle
CCHD may refer to:
Catholic Campaign for Human Development, the national anti-poverty and social justice program of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
Charleston Cemeteries Historic District, a cluster of 23 cemeteries north of downtown Charleston, South Carolina
Dread Hunger is a 2022 video game developed by Dread Hunger Team and published by Digital Confectioners.
Gameplay
Dread Hunger is a Social deception Survival Adventure game with PVP and PVE elements.
Development
The game was originally scheduled to release in late 2021.
Reception
Dread Hunger received "mixed or average" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic.
Sales
Dread Hunger has sold more than 1 million copies.
References
2022 video games
Brandon Valentine-Parris (born 17 April 1995) is a Vincentian sprinter. They competed in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
International competitions
1Did not finish in the final
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
People & Places is an album by the English folk rock musician Clive Gregson, released in 1995. It was Gregson's first solo studio album in 10 years.
Production
The album was recorded in Nashville, where Gregson had moved; Gregson also produced People & Places. The songs were taken from a pool of around 70 that Gregson wrote in early 1994, in Minneapolis.
"Mary's Divorce" was inspired somewhat by the traditional folk song "Mairi's Wedding".
Critical reception
Trouser Press thought that Gregson "folds the multiple folk and rock personalities of their past into an uncharacterizable blend, even steering clear of the adult alternative (AAA) drain." The Washington Post concluded that "the economical, sharply detailed lyrics are well matched to the poignant, moody melodies, but Gregson's opaque vocals and unimaginative arrangements prevent the songs from fulfilling their potential." The Denver Post opined that "Gregson has a knack for melodies that sound old-English traditional but accompany their own contemporary, sophisticated lyrics about love's sad ways."
The Chicago Reader called the album "a ruminative collection of bittersweet love songs marked by an unusual literateness." Stereo Review determined that "the overall impression left by People & Places is just a sort of generic wistful melancholy." The Los Angeles Daily News noted that "wry tales like 'Camden Town' and 'Feathers' draw from contemporary folk, British folk-rock and Celtic influences."
AllMusic wrote that Gregson's "literate lyrics are short domestic stories told in a generally straightforward way."
Track listing
References
1995 albums
Vladimir Torgovkin (born 26 June 1965) is a Kyrgyzstani former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Kyrgyzstan
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Kyrgyzstani male sport wrestlers
Kyrgyzstani people of Russian descent
The 1960–61 Detroit Red Wings season saw the Red Wings finish in fourth place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 25 wins, 29 losses, and 16 ties for 66 points. They defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs in six games in the Semi-finals before losing the Stanley Cup Finals in six games to the Chicago Black Hawks.
Offseason
Regular season
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; +/- = Plus-minus PIM = Penalty minutes; PPG = Power-play goals; SHG = Short-handed goals; GWG = Game-winning goals;
MIN = Minutes played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals-against average; SO = Shutouts;
Playoffs
Awards and honors
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
Detroit
Detroit
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
Pangayaw means to "raid" or "to sail to battle" in various Philippine languages. It can refer to:
Mangayaw, naval raids and piracy conducted by the warrior class in various precolonial Philippine societies
Penjajap, a type of long and narrow warship used for raiding by various Austronesian ethnic groups in the southern Philippines, Brunei, Sabah, and the Maluku Islands
See also
Viking raid warfare and tactics
Tarsopterella is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid classified within the family Hardieopteridae. It contains only one species, T. scotica from the Lower Devonian of Scotland.
Description
Tarsopterella is distinguished by its prosoma (head), which is subrectangular and slightly concave in front, with small compound eyes. Its abdomen has pronounced lateral epimera (marginal spines similar to those of horseshoe crabs). Tarsopterella dates from the Lower Devonian period.
References
Stylonurina
Devonian eurypterids
Prehistoric life of Europe
Eurypterids of Europe
The 1961 NCAA University Division baseball season, play of college baseball in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) began in the spring of 1961. The season progressed through the regular season and concluded with the 1961 College World Series. The College World Series, held for the fifteenth time in 1961, consisted of one team from each of eight geographical districts and was held in Omaha, Nebraska at Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium as a double-elimination tournament. Southern California claimed the championship.
Conference winners
This is a partial list of conference champions from the 1961 season. Each of the eight geographical districts chose, by various methods, the team that would represent them in the NCAA Tournament. 9 teams earned automatic bids by winning their conference championship while 16 teams earned at-large selections.
Conference standings
The following is an incomplete list of conference standings:
College World Series
The 1961 season marked the fifteenth NCAA Baseball Tournament, which culminated with the eight team College World Series. The College World Series was held in Omaha, Nebraska. The eight teams played a double-elimination format, with Southern California claiming their third championship with a 1–0 win over Oklahoma State in the final.
Award winners
All-America team
References
Géza Szőcs (21 August 1953 – 5 November 2020) was an ethnic Hungarian poet and politician from Transylvania, Romania, who served as Secretary of State for Culture of the Ministry of National Resources in Hungary from 2 June 2010 to 13 June 2012.
Life
Szőcs was born in Târgu Mureș, Romania. Their father was (1928–2020), an ethnic Hungarian writer and translator from Romania. Their mother is literary translator (b. 1928). They studied until 1979 at the Babeș-Bolyai University of Cluj. On a proposal by András Sütő, they received a scholarship for the 1979-80 semester at the University of Vienna. Szőcs edited the Hungarian-language samizdat Ellenpontok, because of this they were interrogated and abused by Securitate, secret police agency of the Ceaușescu regime.
From 1986 to 1989, after working in the scientific literature seminar of the Babeș-Bolyai University, Géza Szőcs went into political exile in Switzerland, where they worked in Geneva as a journalist. Between 1989 and 1990, they conducted the Budapest studio of Radio Free Europe. In 1989, they joined the staff of the magazine Magyar Napló of the Hungarian Writers' Association.
In 1990, Szőcs returned to Cluj and was active in the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania (RMDSZ), for which they sat from 1990 to 1992 in the Romanian Senate. From 1993 to 2010, they were editor of the magazine A Dunánál in Hungary. They were co-editor of the magazine Magyar Szemle and a member of the supervision of the Hungarian state television Magyar Televízió (MTV). Szőcs was a founding member of the Hungarian Civic Cooperation Association since 1996.
In May 2010, they were appointed Hungary's Secretary of State for Culture by Prime Minister Viktor Orbán. In 2011, they were elected president of the Hungarian Pen Club. They resigned from their position in June 2012. They were replaced by László L. Simon. Szőcs became chief cultural adviser to Prime Minister Orbán. In 2013, They were appointed government commissioner for the Hungarian pavilion in Expo 2015. This activity was accompanied by a number of criticisms and scandals. The Hungarian pavilion, the "Shaman drum" cost HUF 2 billion of public funds. The design of the eclectic building received serious criticism. Szőcs was appointed Prime Ministerial Commissioner for Culture in 2018.
Personal life
Géza Szőcs had five children.
Szőcs was infected with COVID-19 in October 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Hungary. They were admitted to a hospital in Budapest, where they were reportedly in serious condition in intensive care. According to Index.hu, Szőcs was on ventilation for weeks. They died on 5 November 2020, of complications from COVID-19.
Works
Te mentél át a vízen? Bucharest, Kriterion, 1975.
Kilátótorony és környéke Bucharest, Kriterion, 1977.
Párbaj, avagy a huszonharmadik hóhullás Cluj-Napoca, 1979.
A szélnek eresztett bábu Budapest, Magvető Könyvkiadó, 1986.
Az uniformis látogatása New York City, Hungarian Human Rights Foundation, 1987.
Kitömött utcák, hegedűk Köln-Budapest, Literarische Briefe/Irodalmi levelek, 1988.
A sirálybőr cipő Budapest, Magvető, 1989.
Históriák a küszöb alól Budapest, Szépirodalmi Kiadó, 1990.
A vendégszerető avagy Szindbád Marienbadban Budapest, Szépirodalmi Könyvkiadó, 1992.
A kisbereki böszörmények Cluj-Napoca, Erdélyi Híradó, 1995.
Ki cserélte el a népet? Cluj-Napoca, Erdélyi Híradó, 1996.
Passió Budapest, Magvető Könyvkiadó, 1999.
Drámák, hangjátékok Budapest, Kortárs kiadó, 2002.
A magyar ember és a zombi Budapest, Kortárs Kiadó 2003.
Liberté 1956 Budapest, A Dunánál 2006.
Limpopo Budapest, Magvető 2007.
Beszéd a palackból Arad, Irodalmi Jelen Könyvek, 2008.
Amikor fordul az ezred (Beszélgetőkönyv és dokumentumgyűjtemény; Sz. G. és Farkas Wellmann Endre) Budapest, Ulpius-ház, 2009.
Nyestbeszéd (Szőcs Géza 33 verse Faludy György válogatásában) Budapest, Ulpius-ház, 2010.
Tasso Marchini és Dsida Jenő Budapest, Szent István Társulat, 2010.
La missione di Rasputin-Raszputyin küldetése Novara, Arcipelago Edizioni,
Awards
1976 - Writers' Union of Romania Debut Award
1986 - Robert Graves Prize
1986 - Milán Füst Prize
1990 - Book of the Year
1992 - Tibor Déry Prize
1993 - Gabriel Bethlen Prize
1993 - Attila József Prize
2006 - Award for Hungarian Art
2008 - Writers' Union of Romania's Award for Limpopo
2009 - Prize of the European Academy of Vienna
References
Sources
MTI ki kicsoda 2009. Szerk. Hermann Péter. Budapest: Magyar Távirati Iroda. 2008.
Éva Blénesi: Szőcs Géza. Kalligram Kiadó, 2000
William Totok: Minderheiten und Securitate. Halbjahresschrift für südosteuropäische Geschichte, Literatur und Politik, 23. Jg., 1–2, 2011, p. 77-110.
Further information
Irodalmi Jelen
Versek
Haiku
2 vers 1956-ról
Liberté '56 c. művéből készült filmváltozat forgatása
Kortárs magyar írók
Levélváltás Szőcs Géza államtitkárral a Magyar Nemzeti Múzeumban lecsiszolt hun fibuláról
Szőcs Géza művei műfordításokban – Bábel Web Antológia
Konfliktusok során át küzdötte magát az államtitkárságig Szőcs Géza – Origo, 2010. augusztus 16.
External links
1953 births
2020 deaths
Hungarian politicians
Hungarian journalists
20th-century Hungarian poets
20th-century Hungarian male writers
Romanian poets
Romanian male poets
Members of the Senate of Romania
Babeș-Bolyai University alumni
Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania politicians
People from Târgu Mureș
Attila József Prize recipients
21st-century Hungarian poets
21st-century Hungarian male writers
Hungarian male poets
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Hungary
Hungarian editors
Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty people
DeAntoine Beasley (born January 8, 1979, in Atlanta, Georgia) is a retired American professional basketball player and current assistant coach for Gardner–Webb. They also played for the Plymouth Raiders in the British Basketball League. The 6 ft 7 small forward attended Tennessee Techs, and signed with the Raiders in 2002. After their retirement, they returned to Tennessee Tech as an assistant coach.
References
1979 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in the United Kingdom
Basketball players from Atlanta
British Basketball League players
Plymouth Raiders players
Small forwards
Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles men's basketball coaches
Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
YJC may refer to:
Youth Justice Coalition
Young Journalists Club
Gahcho Kue Aerodrome is an airport located east southeast of the Gahcho Kue Diamond Mine Project, Northwest Territories, Canada. The airport is owned and operated by De Beers Canada and serves the Gahcho Kue Diamond Mine Project. The airport originally was an ice runway on Kennady Lake and was in length and numbered 08/26. The ice runway was only open from January to April.
References
Registered aerodromes in the North Slave Region
De Beers
es:Aeropuerto de Fort Smith
pms:Fort Smith Airport
Fernando Carsalade (born 2 November 1964) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
Phelsuma gouldi is a species of gecko endemic to Haute Matsiatra region of Madagascar.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2011
Taxa named by Angelica Crottini
Glencar Lough (), locally known as Glencar Lake, is a freshwater lake in the northwest of Ireland. It covers an area of and lies mostly in County Leitrim with a smaller part in County Sligo. Glencar Waterfall is located near the lake's north shore on the Leitrim side.
Geography
Glencar Lough lies in the Glencar Valley, between the Dartry Mountains to the north and the mountain range including Cope's Mountain to the south. The lake is located about northeast of Sligo and about west of Manorhamilton. It is long from west to east and wide. The lake has two crannogs (artificial islands): one at the western end near the Drumcliff River outlet and the other at the eastern end near the Diffreen River.
Hydrology
Glencar Lough is primarily fed by Glencar Waterfall, on the lake's northern shore, and by the Diffreen River, entering at the lake's eastern end. Sruth in Aghaidh an Aird also flows out to the northern shore, just west of the Glencar Waterfall outflow. The lake drains west into the Drumcliff River, which in turn flows into Sligo Bay. Lake depth is the greatest near the southern shore with a shallower shelf at the northern shore.
Natural history
Fish present in Glencar Lough include salmon and brown trout. Bird life includes tufted duck, pochard and goldeneye. These are migratory species which winter at the lake.
Ecology
The water quality was reported to be excellent with an oligotrophic rating. The ecology of Glencar Lough, and other Irish waterways, remain threatened by curly waterweed, zebra mussel, and freshwater clam invasive species.
History
Historically Glencar Valley was known as Glenn-Dallain and was part of the Kingdom of Breifne. The lake and its crannogs, then occupied, are mentioned in the Annals of the Four Masters, specifically the eastern crannog where "the sons of Donough O'Rourke, i.e. Donnell and Ferganainm, made an attack upon the crannog, and privately set fire to the town".
Economy
Barite was mined at Glencarbury in the Dartry Mountains above the lake between 1894 and 1979. A cable ropeway from the mine area to the lake shore was constructed in 1942. By this means the extracted barite was taken down for onward road transport.
The Glencar Water Company has its bottling plant located near the lake's northern shore. The company, established in 2008, sells water drawn from an onsite spring emanating from within the nearby Dartry Mountains.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References and notes
Notes
Primary sources
Secondary sources
Lakes of County Leitrim
Lakes of County Sligo
Druze in Jordan refers to adherents of the Druze faith, an ethnoreligious esoteric group originating from the Near East who self identify as unitarians (Muwahhideen). Druze faith is a monotheistic and Abrahamic religion, and Druze do not identify as Muslims.
The Jordanian Druze people are believed to constitute about 0.5% of the total population of Jordan, which is around 32,000. The Druze, who refer to themselves as al-Muwahhideen, or "believers in one God," are concentrated in the rural, mountainous areas west and north of Amman.
History
The Druze faith is a monotheistic Abrahamic religion that does not follow the Five Pillars of Islam, "fasting during the month of Ramadan and making a pilgrimage to Mecca. Thus, they are not regarded by Muslims as Islamic". The Druze beliefs incorporate elements of Ismailism, Gnosticism, Neoplatonism and other philosophies. The Druze call themselves Ahl al-Tawhid "People of Unitarianism or Monotheism" or al-Muwaḥḥidūn."
The Druze follow a lifestyle of isolation where no conversion is allowed, neither out of, nor into, the religion. When Druze lives among people of other religions, they try to blend in, in order to protect their religion and their own safety. They can pray as Muslims, or as Christians, depending on where they are. This system is apparently changing in modern times, where more security has allowed Druze to be more open about their religious belonging."
Some Arabians from the Tanukh inaugurated the Druze community in Jordan when most of them accepted and adopted the new message that was being preached in the 11th century, due to their leaderships close ties with then Fatimid ruler Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah.
Historically the relationship between the Druze and Muslims has been characterized by intense persecution. The Druze faith is often classified as a branch of Isma'ili. Even though the faith originally developed out of Ismaili Islam, most Druze do not identify as Muslims, and they do not accept the five pillars of Islam. The Druze have frequently experienced persecution by different Muslim regimes such as the Shia Fatimid Caliphate, Sunni Ottoman Empire, and Egypt Eyalet. The persecution of the Druze included massacres, demolishing Druze prayer houses and holy places and forced conversion to Islam. According to the Druze narrative those were no ordinary killings, they were meant to eradicate the whole community.
Demographics
The Druze, who refer to themselves as al-Muwahhideen, or "believers in one God," are concentrated in the rural, mountainous areas north and west of Amman. The Jordanian Druze are estimated to constitute 0.5% of Jordan's population of approximately 6.5 million, which means they amount to 32,000.
Notable people
Rashid Tali'a
Ayman Safadi
See also
Jabal al-Druze
Druze
Islam in Jordan
Religion in Jordan
Azraq, Jordan
Jabal Druze State
References
Jordanian people by religion
The Newspaper Libel and Registration Act 1881 (44 & 45 Vict. c.60) was an act passed by the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Introduced as a Private Member's Bill, it reduced the legislative burden on newspaper proprietors with regard to the offence of libel; as a quid pro quo, the compulsory registration of proprietors (abolished by the Newspapers, Printers, and Reading Rooms Repeal Act 1869) was reintroduced.
Following the removal of compulsory registration in 1869, newspaper owners had begun to look to anonymity as a protection against lawsuits arising out of the publication of libellous statements. At the same time, the judgment in Purcell v Sowler (1877) saw a newspaper proprietor successfully sued despite recognition that the libellous statements their newspaper had published were merely quoted verbatim from the testimony of a member of the public made at public meeting. Against this backdrop, two successive select committees were established to look at the law of libel; the first made no report, but the second took on the evidence of the first, and made several recommendations. In the words of John Hutchinson, MP for Halifax, "the Bill embodied the recommendations of [the second] Committee, and was confined to them exclusively". The bill itself took the form of a Private Member's Bill.
In terms of content, section 2 of the Act (as it became when it received royal assent on 27 August 1881) introduced a new defence for newspaper proprietors in cases where the libel stemmed from a fair, accurate and non-malicious report of a publicly held meeting. This extension of qualified privilege was then "amplified" by the Law of Libel Amendment Act 1888, which in doing so repealed section 2 of the 1881 Act. Repealed at the same time was section 3 ("No prosecution for newspaper libel without fiat of Attorney General"). The Act also benefited newspaper owners insofar as it instituted provisions (section 4, 5 and 6) for the quicker (and hence cheaper) resolution of newspaper libel cases. Contrary to expectations, however, the passage of the Act correlated with an increase, rather than decrease, in the number of defamatory libel (criminal) actions being brought against newspapers. Whether the two were causally linked is not known, however.
In return, proprietors were happy to accept the reintroduction of compulsory registration that had been removed in 1869 (now provided for by sections 7 to 15 of the 1881 Act inclusive). These registration clauses, which included an exemption for proprietors who are already registered companies, were not repealed until 2015 and were still enforced. For the purposes of the Act, a newspaper is defined as "any paper containing public news, intelligence, or occurrences, or any remarks or observations therein printed for sale, and published ... periodically, or in parts or numbers at intervals not exceeding 26 days". As of 2009, 56 newspapers and their proprietors were centrally registered as a result of these provisions. Under section 19 of the Act, it never applied to Scotland.
The provisions on registration in sections 7 to 18 were repealed by the Deregulation Act 2015 as being no longer of practical use. As a result, only section 4 remains in force, and that only in relation to Northern Ireland and courts hearing charges there of blasphemous libel.
References
External links
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1881
Media legislation
English defamation law
United Kingdom defamation law
Bill Whisler (born November 15, 1940) was a Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, BC Lions and Montreal Alouettes. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1962. They played college football at the University of Iowa. Whisler was drafted in the 1961 NFL draft by the Washington Redskins in Round 9 and was a late cut from the 1962 team.  They are a member of the South Dakota Sports Hall of Fame and Winnipeg Blue Bombers Hall of Fame.
References
1940 births
People from Yankton, South Dakota
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
BC Lions players
Montreal Alouettes players
American football defensive linemen
Canadian football defensive linemen
Players of American football from South Dakota
The 2022–23 Sacramento Kings season will be the 78th season for the franchise in the National Basketball Association (NBA), and 39th season in the city of Sacramento. On April 11, 2022, the Sacramento Kings relieved interim head coach Alvin Gentry of their duties. Gentry was named interim head coach after the team fired Luke Walton in November 2021. On May 9, 2022, the Sacramento Kings hired Golden State Warriors assistant coach Mike Brown to become the Kings' new head coach. The kings enter this season with the longest active postseason drought in the four major North American sports with their last playoff appearance in 2006.
Draft picks
Roster
Game log
Preseason
|-style="background:#;"
| 1
| October 3
| @ L.A. Lakers
|
|
|
|
| Crypto.com Arena
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 2
| October 9
| Portland
|
|
|
|
| Golden 1 Center
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 3
| October 12
| @ Phoenix
|
|
|
|
| Footprint Center
|
|-style="background:#;"
| 4
| October 14
| L.A. Lakers
|
|
|
|
| Golden 1 Center
|
Transactions
Trades
Free agency
Re-signed
Additions
Subtractions
References
Sacramento Kings seasons
Sacramento Kings
Sacramento Kings
Sacramento Kings
Little Missenden is a village and civil parish on the River Misbourne in Buckinghamshire, England. It is in the Chiltern Hills, about southeast of Great Missenden and west of Amersham. The village lies on the River Misbourne in the Misbourne valley.
The parish includes the villages of Holmer Green, Hyde Heath and Little Kingshill, and the hamlets of Beamond End, Brays Green, Mop End and Spurlands End. The 2011 Census recorded the population of the ward of Little Missenden, which includes Hyde Heath and Little Kingshill, as 2,234, albeit those other two villages in the ward are each larger than Little Missenden itself. The population of the entire parish was estimated as 6,490 in 2017, reflecting the inclusion of the much larger Holmer Green within the parish.
The main London – Aylesbury road used to run through the centre of Little Missenden and past the two pubs – The Red Lion and The Crown. Early in the 19th century a new by-pass road was built to the north and this now forms part of the modern A413 road.
Etymology
The name Missenden is first attested in the Domesday Book as Missedene, with other early attestations including the spellings Messedena and Musindone. The -den element probably comes from Old English denu, meaning 'valley', but the etymology of the first element is uncertain. It is thought to occur in the name of the River Misbourne, which rises in Great Missenden, and also in the Hertfordshire place-name Miswell. Frank Stenton and Allen Mawer guessed that it came from a hypothetical Anglo-Saxon personal name Myrsa, which they also supposed to be found in the name of Mursley. Eilert Ekwall suggested that it came from a lost Old English word related to English moss, and to Danish mysse and Swedish missne (which denote plants of the genus Calla, such as water arum). Recent researchers have tentatively preferred Ekwall's guess, in which case the name Missenden would once have meant something like 'valley where water-plants/marsh-plants grow'.
Manors
The Domesday Book of 1086 records Missedene without distinguishing the two villages, but three manors of Little Missenden are identifiable as having existed by the reign of King Edward the Confessor (1042–66). William the Conqueror granted one hide of land around what is now Town Farm to their half-brother Robert, Count of Mortain. After Domesday it evolved as the manor of Holmer, whence the hamlet of Holmer Green arose.
The manor of Mantells was half a hide and was held by the Mantell family. Another half-hide in Little Missenden had been held by Wulfwig, Bishop of Dorchester, but by 1086 was held by Hugh de Bolebec.
By the early 14th century a fourth manor, Beamond, had emerged, probably from part of the Mortains' manor. It was held by the Augustinian Bicester priory until 1536, when it surrendered its estates to the Crown in the Dissolution of the Monasteries. Its name survives in Beamond End.
The current Little Missenden Manor house originated in the 16th century as a late medieval timber-framed hall house. In the 17th century it was extended in red brick, and retains gables and a staircase from that period. The house was refaced in the 18th century. The Manor House has been Grade II listed since 1958 as a "timber framed 2 storeys C16 with modern cement infill".
Missenden House, a red and grey brick building, has been Grade II listed since 1958 as Missenden House, Trout Hollow and East Wing. The listing indicates that it was completed in 1729, with an east wing added in the 19th century.
Little Missenden Abbey is a Tudor Revival mansion, Grade II listed since 1987, as a "country house on the site of a medieval Augustinian Abbey ... founded in 1133". The listing indicates that the abbey was modified into a mansion ca.1600, when it was owned by the Fleetwood family. Additional modifications were made when subsequent owners acquired the property in 1787 (James Oldham) and in 1815 (John Ayton). In the 21st century, the mansion was being used as a conference and training facility, and as a wedding venue, after an extensive renovation completed in 1988, necessitated by a fire that occurred in 1985.
A history of the community, published in 1908, offers this description of it in that era:The village consists of a few small houses of the 18th century, of brick and rough-cast, and some cottages. Of late a number of week-end cottages have been erected in the parish. The manor house has some remains of 17th-century work, but was modernized in the early part of the 19th century and later. The house called 'Little Missenden Abbey,' the residence of Mr. E. Callard, possibly incorporates the remains of an old house.
Parish church
The Church of England parish church of St John the Baptist is a flint building with limestone dressings. It has been Grade I listed since 1958. The listing includes this information:C10 or C11 Anglo-Saxon core, C12 arcades, early English chancel, early C14 north chapel, C15 timber framed porch and west tower. Exterior of south aisle brick, C18. Flint with limestone dressings, some roughcast. Old tile roofs, aisles lead roofed. Modern vestry to north in C18 style, roughcast, hipped tiled roof ...
Other sources provide more specifics. The nave is 10th-century Saxon, built about AD 975. Its plain chancel arch is also Saxon and its imposts are re-used Roman bricks. The aisles, with their Norman arcades, were added in the 12th century: the south first, and the north slightly later. The Aylesbury-style font is also 12th century.
The chancel is now Early English, having been rebuilt in the 13th century. The north chapel was added early in the 14th century. The west tower and timber-framed south porch are 15th-century.
The exterior of the south aisle was rebuilt in brick in the 18th century. On the north side of the church is a modern vestry designed in 18th-century style by Quinlan Terry. The church is a Grade I listed building.
Inside the nave are several Mediæval wall paintings. Most are 13th-century, including a large Saint Christopher in the customary position opposite the south door. Also 13th-century are the paintings of the Martyrdom of St Catherine, Passion of Christ, Crucifixion of Christ, and Archangel Gabriel. There are also 14th-century paintings of the Nativity of Christ and Christ in Majesty, and a 15th-century painting of the Seven deadly sins.
The wall paintings were whitewashed in the 16th century in the English Reformation. In 1931 they were rediscovered and Prof. EW Tristram was called in to uncover and restore them. One painting eluded Tristram: A Doom painting in the customary position over the chancel arch at the east end of the nave. In 2017 traces of a 14th-century Doom were finally discovered, over the chancel arch, hidden behind old plaster.
The west tower has a ring of six bells. John Rufford of Toddington, Bedfordshire cast the third bell in about 1380. The successor of John Danyell of London cast the fourth bell in about 1470. Joseph Carter of Reading, Berkshire cast the fifth bell in 1603. Ellis II and Henry III Knight of Reading cast the tenor bell in 1663. John Warner & Sons of Cripplegate, London cast the second bell in 1881. That made a ring of five until 1948, when Mears and Stainbank of the Whitechapel Bell Foundry cast the present treble bell.
Culture
The village has been used in many films and television programmes over the years, particularly as one of the more frequent ITV Midsomer Murders filming locations. "Missenden Murders" was considered as a possible title for the series. The Red Lion pub has appeared in three episodes. A house in the village was used for long shots of the home of Barnes Wallis in The Dam Busters (his real house was in Effingham, Surrey).
Little Missenden became the village of Blandley in the 1963 film Nurse on Wheels by Gerald Thomas & Peter Rodgers the film has many of the Carry on cast and is considered by fans of the Carry on's as an unofficial film.
Little Missenden hosts acclaimed comedy and arts festivals. The children of Little Missenden primary school performed the premiere of John Tavener's Celtic Requiem in 1970 and continue to perform annually at the renowned Little Missenden Festival of Music and Arts.
Transport
The nearest railway station is at on the London-Aylesbury line.
Notable residents
Herbert Austin (1866–1941), motor vehicle manufacturer, was born in Little Missenden to a farming family. They moved to Rotherham, West Riding at an early age.
Dr Benjamin Bates (1716–90), physician to Sir Francis Dashwood and a senior member of the Hellfire Club.
Charles Orwell Brasch (1909–1973) New Zealand poet, literary editor, arts patron, founding editor of the literary journal Landfall.
Tony Nash (born 1936) Olympic bobsledder, lived at Little Missenden when they were director of an engineering company in Penn.
Wilf Stevenson, Baron Stevenson of Balmacara (born 1947) Life peer and former policy advisor to Gordon Brown.
Rayner Unwin (1925–2000), publisher
John Gardner Wilkinson (1797–1875), traveller, writer and pioneer Egyptologist
References
Bibliography
External links
The Parish of St John the Baptist Little Missenden
Little Missenden Festival
Little Missenden Church of England Infant School
Civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Villages in Buckinghamshire
"Dancing in the City" is a song by British pop-rock duo Marshall Hain, which was a number-three hit in the UK in 1978. On its first release it spent fifteen weeks in the UK charts. It was a massive hit in South Africa, reaching the No. 1 position on 3 November 1978, and holding that position for three weeks on the Springbok Charts. A re-mixed version released in 1987 reached number 81 on the UK charts.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
"Dancin' in the City '87"
References
External links
1978 songs
1978 singles
Harvest Records singles
Dogbone Lake is a lake in North Slope Borough, Alaska, in the United States.
Dogbone Lake is shaped like a dog bone, hence the name.
See also
List of lakes in Alaska
References
Lakes of Alaska
Bodies of water of North Slope Borough, Alaska
The National Basketball Association is shown on national television on broadcast channel ABC, cable networks ESPN and TNT. The NBA is also shown on multiple regional sports networks. Currently, ESPN shows doubleheaders on Wednesday and Friday nights, while TNT shows doubleheaders on Thursday and Tuesday nights. In the second half of the season, ABC shows a single game on Saturday nights and Sunday afternoons. Games are shown almost every night on NBA TV. There are some exceptions to this schedule, including Tip-off Week, Christmas Day, and Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More games may be shown as the end of the regular season approaches, particularly games with playoff significance. During the playoffs, the first round are split between TNT, ESPN, NBA TV, and ABC on mostly weekends the second round are split between ESPN, TNT and ABC on weekends. The conference finals are split between ESPN/ABC and TNT; the two networks alternate which complete series they will carry from year to year. The entire NBA Finals is shown nationally on ABC. The NBA Finals is one of the few sporting events to be shown on a national broadcast network on a weeknight.
In addition to the English-language television broadcasts, select NBA games also have Spanish-language broadcasts since 2002.
History
As one of the major sports leagues in North America, the National Basketball Association has a long history of partnership with television networks in the US. The league signed a contract with DuMont in its 8th season (1953–54), marking the first year the NBA had a national television broadcaster. Similar to NFL, the lack of television stations led to NBC taking over the rights beginning the very next season until April 7, 1962—NBC's first tenure with the NBA. After the deal expired, Sports Network Incorporated (later known as the Hughes Television Network) signed up for two-year coverage in the 1962–63, 1963–64 season.
ABC gained the NBA in 1964, the network aired its first NBA game on January 3, 1965, but lost the broadcast rights to CBS after the 1972–73 season with the initial tenure ending on May 10, 1973. Up until the 1970-71 season, ABC often aired NBA games as segments of its popular ABC's Wide World of Sports anthology series rather than standalone broadcasts.
As the national broadcaster of the NBA, CBS aired NBA games from the 1973-74 until the 1989–90 season, during which the late 1970s and early 1980s was notoriously known as the "tape delay playoff era."
Ratings sagged in the late Seventies with a series of fairly undistinguished championship teams from relatively small markets, widespread public perceptions of drug usage among players, and a relative lack of marquee players. Even a merger with the American Basketball Association in 1976, bringing several standout players including Julius Erving into the league, did not reverse the ratings slide. CBS, not wishing to preempt higher-rated regular programming for the relatively low-rated pro basketball, elected to show several playoff games each season tape-delayed into late-night time slots. This situation dramatically improved with the arrival of Earvin "Magic" Johnson and Larry Bird for the 1979-80 season. By the arrival of Michael Jordan in 1984, tape-delayed games were well in the past.
NBC then assumed the broadcast rights from 1990 to 2002. During NBC's partnership with the NBA in the 1990s, the league rose to unprecedented popularity, with ratings surpassing the days of Johnson and Bird in the mid 1980s. Upon expiration of the contract in 2002, the league signed an agreement with ABC, which began airing games in the 2002-03 season. NBC had made a four-year $1.3 billion ($330 million/year) bid in the spring of 2002 to renew its NBA rights, but the league instead went to ESPN and ABC with a six-year deal worth $2.4 billion ($400 million/year), a total of $4.6 billion ($766 million/year) when adding the cable deal with Turner Sports. Partially due to the retirement of Michael Jordan, the league suffered a ratings decline after ESPN and ABC took over the rights. The NBA extended its national TV package on June 27, 2007 worth eight-year $7.4 billion ($930 million/year) through the 2015–16 season, during which the league had its new resurgence leading by a renewed Celtics–Lakers rivalry and LeBron James. On October 6, 2014, NBA announced a nine-year $24 billion ($2.7 billion/year) extension with ESPN, ABC and Turner Sports beginning with the 2016–17 season and running through the 2024–25 season - the second most expensive media rights in the world after NFL and on a par with Premier League in annual rights fee from 2016–17 to 2018–19 season.
NBA entered the cable territory in 1979 when USA Network signed a three-year $1.5 million deal and extended for two years until the 1983-84 season, ESPN also had a brief affair with NBA from 1982 to 1984. Turner Sports obtained rights to air NBA games beginning with the 1984-85 season (replacing ESPN and USA Network as national cable partners) under a four-year deal, in which TBS shared the NBA television package along with CBS. In the summer of 1987, Turner Broadcasting System signed a new joint broadcast contract between TBS and TNT to split broadcast NBA games starting from the 1988-89 season. TNT held rights to broadcast the NBA draft, most NBA regular season and playoff games, while TBS only aired single games or doubleheaders once a week. The 2001-02 season would mark the final year of regular NBA coverage on TBS, Turner Sports signed a new NBA television contract in which TNT would assume rights to the company's NBA package while TBS would discontinue game coverage altogether. In recent years however, TBS has served as an overflow feed during the playoffs while also simulcasting the 2015, 2016, and 2017 NBA All-Star Game. Subsequently ESPN regained the NBA in 2002-03 season and took over TBS's half of cable television rights.
Regular season
NBA playoffs
Ever since NBC lost the rights, the Conference Finals have been on cable networks almost exclusively with TNT and ESPN alternating coverage each year.
NBA Finals
Single games
NBA on Christmas Day
Games on Christmas Day have drawn some of the biggest regular season audience. Since 2001, the most watched Christmas games were:
2004 Miami Heat vs Los Angeles Lakers on ABC averaged a 7.3 rating and 13.18 million viewers.
2010 Miami Heat vs Los Angeles Lakers on ABC averaged a 6.4 rating and 13.11 million viewers.
2015 Cleveland Cavaliers vs Golden State Warriors on ABC averaged a 5.7 rating and 11.12 million viewers.
NBA All-Star Game
The NBA All-Star Game was on broadcast networks until 2002, TNT began airing the All-Star Game in 2003 which featured the last appearance of Michael Jordan in the event, TBS started simulcasting the game since 2015.
Regional broadcasters
NBA games not televised by its national partners are instead broadcast by local broadcast stations and regional sports networks, televising their respective local team within their respective region. Regionally broadcast games are subject to blackouts, and those games from outside of a viewer's designated market are blacked out to protect the local team.
Certain national telecasts on ESPN, NBA TV and TNT, such as selected regular season matches and first round playoff games, are non-exclusive, and may also air in tandem with telecasts of the game by local broadcasters. However, national telecasts of these games are blacked out in the participating teams' markets to protect the local broadcaster.
Most NBA regional broadcasters are members of national chains:
See also
NBA TV
NBA TV Canada
NBA TV Philippines
NBA League Pass
List of current National Basketball Association broadcasters
Major League Baseball on television
Major League Soccer on television
National Football League on television
National Hockey League on television
References
External links
NBA on Christmas Day numbers game
NBA All-Star Game TV rating and viewership
Most watched NBA games on cable networks
Most watched NBA games since 1998
Turner Sports
ESPN
ABC Sports
CBS Sports
Basketball on NBC
USA Network Sports
GMA Network
Solar Entertainment Corporation
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation
Radio Philippines Network
ABS-CBN
TV5 (Philippine TV network)
The Sports Network
Sportsnet
CTV Sports
Sky Sports
Mohamed Noor is the Interim Dean of Arts & Sciences and a Professor in the Biology Department at Duke University (formerly holding the rotating titles of Earl D. McLean Professor, department chair, and dean of natural sciences). Their specialties include evolution, genetics and genomics.
Noor has a BS from the College of William and Mary in 1992 and a PhD from University of Chicago (1996), together with a postdoctoral residency at Cornell University (1996–1998). They specialize in Drosophila evolution. Their team's research approaches have included both classical genetic mapping, and analyses of whole genome sequences.
Likewise, Noor was one of the first scientists to demonstrate by experiment speciation by reinforcement, that is, as a result of natural selection mating preferences diverge against deleterious hybridization and reduce gene flow between species.  They are also known for developing (along with others) a model wherein regions of restricted recombination, as by chromosomal inversions, facilitate the persistence of hybridizing species.
Later, their research team has focused on understanding variation in recombination rate within and between species, and its impact on DNA sequence variation.
In 2008, they were awarded the Darwin-Wallace Medal from the Linnean Society of London.
In 2021, they were awarded a Friend of Darwin award by the National Center for Science Education.
They served as editor-in-chief of the international journal Evolution (2016-2019), is or was associate editor for several other journals, and the author of over 100 publications. They have served as president of the American Genetic Association (2012) and Society for the Study of Evolution (2014) and as a board member for the Genetics Society of America.
Noor has been active in education and outreach, receiving numerous teaching and mentoring awards from their institution, and teaching an online course in genetics and evolution. They and their group have also developed laboratory activities for implementation in high schools and colleges, including a commercial kit for observing natural selection in Drosophila. They published a book that uses Star Trek to teach principles in genetics and evolution, and gives classes and talks at various venues using science fiction to teach science. On the side, they also serve as a science consultant for the Star Trek television franchise.
Recent scientific publications
Korunes, K. L., C. A. Machado, and M. A. F. Noor. 2021. Inversions shape the divergence of Drosophila pseudoobscura and D. persimilis on multiple timescales. Evolution, 75: 1820-1834. abs.
Samuk, K., B. Manzano-Winkler, K. R. Ritz, and M. A. F. Noor. 2020. Natural selection shapes variation in genome-wide recombination rate in Drosophila pseudoobscura. Current Biology, 30: 1517-1528. abs.
Korunes, K. L., and M. A. F. Noor. 2017. Gene conversion and linkage: Effects on genome evolution and speciation. Molecular Ecology, 26: 351-364. doi:10.1111/mec.13736. abs
Popular publications
References
Duke University Biology Department
External links
ORCID - 0000-0002-5400-4408
Google Scholar - 5nkhrpUAAAAJ
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American geneticists
College of William & Mary alumni
Duke University faculty
University of Chicago alumni
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1973–74 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
Tangga Batu is a federal constituency in Central Melaka District, Malacca, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Tangga Batu constituency has a total of 24 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Malacca federal constituencies
Khushevash (, also Romanized as Khūshevāsh) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Andrew Love (November 21, 1941 – April 12, 2012) was a saxophone player based in Memphis, Tennessee, best known for being a member of The Memphis Horns.
Career
Love was born in Memphis, Tennessee, and began their interest in music at the Baptist church where their father was pastor. Their music education continued in high school and at Langston University in Oklahoma. They returned to Memphis in 1965 and began session work at Stax Records where they teamed up with trumpet player Wayne Jackson. The two created the signature horn sound at Stax on hit records by Otis Redding, Sam & Dave and others.
After recording numerous tracks at Stax, they and Jackson incorporated themselves into The Memphis Horns and began freelancing. Love and Jackson recorded at sessions for such artists as Neil Diamond, Elvis Presley and Dusty Springfield. The duo also toured with The Doobie Brothers, Jimmy Buffett, Robert Cray and numerous other performers.
In 2002, Love was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease which forced their retirement the following year and their eventual death in 2012 at age 70.
Al Bell, co-owner of Stax records, said "I love saxophone players, and I have many saxophone players I admire and hold in high esteem. But I have never heard a saxophone player who affects and penetrates me like Andrew Love. It was the spirit in him, and you could feel it in the music. They could arouse your deepest emotions, but they would do it gently, softly. It was like they were making love to your soul."
Discography
With Luther Allison
Live in Chicago (Alligator, 1995 [1999])
With Otis Redding
Pain in My Heart (Atco Records, 1964)
The Great Otis Redding Sings Soul Ballads (Atco Records, 1965)
Otis Blue: Otis Redding Sings Soul (Stax Records, 1965)
The Soul Album (Stax Records, 1966)
Complete & Unbelievable: The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul (Stax Records, 1966)
King & Queen (Stax Records, 1967)
The Dock of the Bay (Stax Records, 1968)
With Lulu
Melody Fair (Atco, 1970)
With Albert King
Born Under a Bad Sign (Stax Records, 1967)
With David Porter
Sweat & Love (Enterprise Records, 1974)
With Tony Joe White
Tony Joe White (Warner Bros. Records, 1971)
With Jimmy Buffett
Hot Water (MCA Records, 1988)
With Joe Cocker
Cocker (EMI, 1986)
With Tom Rush
Ladies Love Outlaws (Columbia Records, 1974)
With Bonnie Raitt
Longing in Their Hearts (Capitol Records, 1994)
With Keith Richards
Talk Is Cheap (Virgin Records, 1988)
With Tanya Tucker
Should I Do It (MCA Records, 1981)
With Carly Simon
Another Passenger (Elektra Records, 1976)
With José Feliciano
Memphis Menu (RCA Victor, 1972)
With Billy Joel
Storm Front (Columbia Records, 1989)
With Nicolette Larson
Nicolette (Warner Bros. Records, 1978)
With Rufus Thomas
Do the Funky Chicken (Stax Records, 1970)
With Shirley Brown
Intimate Storm (Soundtown Records, 1984)
With Stephen Stills
Stephen Stills 2 (Atlantic Records, 1971)
With Wilson Pickett
In the Midnight Hour (Atlantic Records, 1965)
The Exciting Wilson Pickett (Atlantic Records, 1966)
The Sound of Wilson Pickett (Atlantic Records, 1967)
Don't Knock My Love (Atlantic Records, 1971)
With Yvonne Elliman
Rising Sun (RSO Records, 1975)
With Carla Thomas
Love Means... (Stax Records, 1971)
With Aretha Franklin
Aretha Now (Atlantic Records, 1968)
Young, Gifted and Black (Atlantic Records, 1972)
Hey Now Hey (The Other Side of the Sky) (Atlantic Records, 1973)
With Everything I Feel in Me (Atlantic Records, 1974)
With William Bell
The Soul of a Bell (Stax Records, 1967)
With John Prine
Common Sense (Atlantic Records, 1975)
With James Taylor
Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon (Warner Bros. Records, 1971)
With Eddie Floyd
Knock on Wood (Stax Records, 1967)
With B.B. King
To Know You Is to Love You (ABC Records, 1973)
Friends (ABC Records, 1974)
With Steve Cropper
Playin' My Thang (MCA Records, 1981)
References
1941 births
2012 deaths
African-American saxophonists
American saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Tennessee
Langston University alumni
Musicians from Memphis, Tennessee
Rhythm and blues saxophonists
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century saxophonists
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Forestknowledge.net (www.waldwissen.net) is an international, multilingual information and communication Website for a wide range of forestry topics.
Organization
The Website www.waldwissen.net is published by the Forest Research Institute of Baden-Württemberg, Freiburg, Germany (FVA), the Bavarian Forest Institute, Freising, Germany (LWF), the Federal Research and Training Centre for Forests, Natural Hazards and Landscape, Vienna, Austria (BFW) and the Swiss Federal Institute for Forest, Snow and Landscape Research, Birmensdorf, Switzerland (WSL).
The network comprises forest research institutes, forest administrations, forest owner associations and other non-governmental organisations offering access to expert knowledge. The interactive platform has established itself in Central Europe as the leading online-information source for a wide range of forestry and forest-related topics. By May 2017 more than 3300 articles were available.
In addition to the four publishing research institutes from Germany, Austria and Switzerland, a number of other partner institutions have contributed to www.waldwissen.net. All partners involved use their own resources for financing their editorial staff. each of the nine editorial offices compiles and edits expert information and then presents it on the web-portal. They cooperate with organisations such as the Swiss National Accident Insurance Fund, the Federal Office for the Environment, the Swiss Ornithological Station Sempach, the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences in Vienna, and the Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences.
History
The Federal Research Institute (WSL) had the idea of making relevant practical knowledge from forestry and environmental science available for everyone in an easily accessible forum. In the summer of 2003, the prototype www.waldwissen.ch went online.
The experience gained from www.waldwissen.ch was very positive. At the same time, the four research institutes involved in forest research FVA, LWF, BFW, WSL intensified their efforts to develop a joint forest information system with contents from international sources. This project was part of the KnowForAlp Initiative comprising in total 19 research institutes from seven countries. From this initiative emerged www.waldwissen.net which went online on 16 February 2005.
Since then, the number of contributions to www.waldwissen.net and the supply of forestry expertise has continued to grow. In 2007, www.waldwissen.net was awarded the Schweighofer Innovation Award for Forestry with a total of 50.000 euros in prize money. The internationality, multilingualism and the professionalism of the contributions to www.waldwissen.net made an especially favourable impression on the jury. The prize money was used for the further development and the redesign of the website. Since mid-2015 www.waldwissen.net is also available as a Mobile app for Android and Apple iOS.
See also
European Forest Downstream Services (EUFODOS)
Forest informatics
Global Forest Information Service
References
External links
Forestry initiatives
German websites
Forestry in Europe
Forestry in Germany
Forestry in Austria
Forestry in Switzerland
Austrian websites
Swiss websites
Hamaya (written: or ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese speed skater
, Japanese baseball player
Japanese-language surnames
The Bombardment of Upolu, in 1841, was the second engagement with islanders of the Pacific Ocean during the United States Exploring Expedition.
Following the murder of an American sailor on the island of Upolu, Samoa, two United States Navy warships were dispatched to investigate. When the principal local chief would not hand over those suspected of the murder, they bombarded one village and went ashore and burned down others.
Background
The American expedition of discovery first arrived off Upolu in October 1839 while conducting surveys of the region. Because United States-flagged merchant ships had traded a lot with the natives in the previous decades, Commander Charles Wilkes decided on establishing a treaty with the seven chiefs on the island which would govern future relations. Wilkes then drafted what they called the "commercial regulations" that, among other things, provided that the Samoans would hand over any natives found guilty of murdering foreigners. An incident had occurred a few years before in which the followers of Chief Oportuno had killed three sailors from an American merchantman, so Wilkes wanted a treaty to handle such a situation. All of the stipulations were agreed to and were officially signed on November 5, 1839, the same day that James C. William was appointed the American consul to the island. With that accomplished, Commander Wilkes left Upolu to continue their voyage around the world.
Trade with the Samoans went well until about a year later, when the natives at Upolu killed another American.
Bombardment
When Commander Wilkes learned of the death, they detached two vessels from their squadron to sail back to Samoa. The twenty-two gun sloop-of-war USS Peacock and the small two gun schooner USS Flying Fish were under the command of Lieutenant William L. Hudson and Commandant Samuel R. Knox, respectively. The two vessels arrived off Upolu on 24 February 1841. The Americans decided to meet with the principal chief Malietoa to demand that the murderer or murderers be handed over.
Malietoa refused to surrender the suspects, so Lieutenant Hudson decided to land "70 odd men", including a force of no more than twenty marines, and bombard the village of Saoluafata. After preparations for battle were completed, the landing party boarded boats and waited off the Peacocks starboard quarter while they and the Flying Fish shelled the Samoans. It was still the morning of February 24 when the American warships opened fire with grapeshot and round shot. The grapeshot had no effect and fell short of target, but the round shot quickly began scoring hits upon the buildings on shore.
The native warriors did not resist the attack in any way, and after the first cannon was fired, they retreated from the beach to gather their families and belongings before fleeing into the jungle. After eighteen shots, the ships ceased firing, and the shore party was sent into Saoluafata. There the marines and sailors were divided into three units under Lieutenants William M. Walker of the Marine Corps, De Haven and George F. Emmos, as well as a few midshipmen. Two units began burning the forty of fifty huts with torches, while the third unit remained at the boats. There was no fighting. None of the Samoans were even seen after the first cannon was fired. With Saoluafata destroyed, the Americans returned to their ships, but when they got there, Lieutenant Hudson ordered them to return ashore and destroy the villages of Fusi and Salelesi. So again the party was landed after first receiving "a taste of grog" as encouragement. There were over 100 huts between the two villages, and the second was destroyed in the same manner as the first, without any resistance from the natives. The Americans then returned to the beach and destroyed all the canoes they could find before reboarding their ships and sailing away to rejoin Commander Wilkes.
See also
Punitive expedition
First Fiji Expedition
Second Fiji Expedition
First Sumatran Expedition
Second Sumatran Expedition
Nukapu Expedition
References
Upolu
Wars involving Samoa
Upolu
1841 in Samoa
Upolu
Upolu
Upolu
1841 in the United States
19th century in Samoa
Upolu
Simon Oates (6 January 1932 – 20 May 2009) was an English actor best known for their roles on television.
Born in Canning Town, east London and moving to Finchley in their teens, Oates trained as a heating engineer for their father's firm before becoming an actor. They were in the Intelligence Corps during their Army National Service. Working in theatrical rep during the 1950s they were leading man at York Theatre Royal for some years before being cast as Dr. John Ridge in the science fiction television series Doomwatch. (Co-stars included John Paul as Dr. Spencer Quist and Robert Powell as Toby Wren). They appeared regularly as Anthony Kelly in the 1960s espionage series The Mask of Janus and its spin-off series The Spies.
Their many guest appearances included: The Avengers, Man in a Suitcase, Department S, Jason King, The New Avengers, The Professionals, Bergerac and The 10 Percenters.
Their film appearances were few but included Night Train to Paris (1964), the British sci-fi film The Terrornauts (1967), and the film version of Doomwatch (1972). They appeared as John Steed in the 1971 stage adaptation of The Avengers with Sue Lloyd and Kate O'Mara. They also appeared in the West End in the Francis Durbridge thriller Suddenly at Home. They worked extensively in theatre in Great Britain, the West End and indeed, the world throughout their career, both as an actor and a director, and lived in Canada for some time where they had a touring theatre company.
Their son, Justin Brett, also an actor, said that their father was offered the role of James Bond in Diamonds Are Forever, but that Sean Connery changed their mind and returned to the role. Other sources suggest that Oates was in the running before Roger Moore was confirmed as 007 for Live and Let Die.
In tandem with their straight acting career, Simon also appeared many times as a stand-up comic and compare, working with such stars as Tom Jones, Sandie Shaw and the Who. They also appeared at the London Palladium with Dorothy Squires. They directed Woman in a Dressing Gown, starring Brenda Bruce at the Vaudeville Theatre. They also directed many musicals and straight plays on the touring circuit.
Simon died on Wednesday 20 May 2009, following protracted illness.
References
External links
Obituary in The Times
Obituary in The Independent
1932 births
2009 deaths
English male television actors
English male stage actors
People from Canning Town
The Trinity Church, formerly the First Congregational Church, is a historic church in Waltham, Massachusetts. The present church building, an architecturally distinctive blend of Romanesque and Georgian Revival styling, was built in 1870 for a congregation established in 1820. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
Architecture and history
The church stands on the south side of Main Street (United States Route 20), one block west of Waltham's Central Square. It is separated from the street by lawn, and stands opposite the Francis Buttrick Library. Its main body is oriented north-south, with a gable roof, and a square tower rising at the northeast corner. The main entrance is set at the base of the main block in a segmented-arch opening, and is topped by a tall Palladian window with balcony. The tower corners are pilastered, and the tower includes a belfry stage with round-arch openings before rising to an octagonal spire. The interior is predominantly Georgian Revival in character, the result of extensive interior and exterior alterations in 1925. The building was built in 1870, and originally had Italianate styling, some of which is still evident in its round-arch windows and bracketed gable.
First Congregational Church was founded in 1820 as a Trinitarian congregation called the Trinitarian Congregational Church, brought about in part by schism from the Second Religious Society, which chose Unitarianism. Its first church was located at Main and Heard Streets. Growth in the congregation prompted construction of this larger structure in 1870 to a design by Boston-based Thomas Silloway. The schism between the two congregations was healed in 1906, and they were reunited as the First Congregational Church. The church was damaged by fire in 1925, while undergoing the renovations that added its Georgian features. It became a member of the United Church of Christ when that body was formed in 1955, but withdrew in 2006 when the congregation "voted to establish itself as an independent, trans-denominational congregation," and changed its name to Trinity Church. Its current pastor is the Rev. J. Howard Cepelak.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Waltham, Massachusetts
References
External links
Churches completed in 1870
19th-century United Church of Christ church buildings
United Church of Christ churches in Massachusetts
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Churches in Waltham, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Waltham, Massachusetts
The Lost Child is a 1904 American short silent comedy film produced by the American Mutoscope & Biograph Company and directed by Wallace McCutcheon, Sr.
Plot
A mother sets down their child in the front yard and goes back into the house for a brief moment. As soon as they are gone, the child walks into the doghouse. When the mother comes back outside, they do not see where the child has gone, and when they see a man in the street with a basket, they run after him. Soon they have the whole neighborhood in turmoil.
Cast
Kathryn Osterman
Production and Distribution
The film was entirely filmed on location in Brooklyn, New-York, notably in Fort Hamilton. It was allegedly based on a recent incident of the era. It was produced and distributed by the American Mutoscope & Biograph Company.
John L. Fell reports that in November 1904, The Mirror applauded The Lost Child as a remarkable picture.
Analysis
The film is composed of 11 shots forming one single scene:
1. The front of a house with a doghouse. A woman comes out and sits their baby on the ground. As soon as they have left, they stand up and walks into the doghouse. When the mother comes back they can't find him. The camera pans left as they go out of the garden out into the street where they see a man with a basket. They try to catch them but they run away. Two maids come out of the house and run with them after the man. They exit to the right after having turned the corner.
2. Two women walk away from the camera on a suburban street, they pass a lady with a pram. The man seen in shot 1 appears at the corner of the street and runs towards the camera chased by the three women, a man in a wheelchair, the lady with the pram and a police officer.
3. Two women and a child are sitting next to a haystack. The group of people running appears at the back and runs towards the camera. The man hides behind the haystack. The group runs past them but comes back and chases them anew.
4. A road crossing. The group which now include a man with a wheel cart and another with a wheelbarrow continue chasing the man.
5. A sandy knoll. The man tumbles down the slope, followed by all their pursuers. The camera pans right.
6. The chase continues on a road.
7. On a shady alley, the man hides behind a tree. Most of the group pass them but they are finally spotted and caught.
8. Medium close-up of the man opening their bag and showing they are only carrying a pet.
9. Continuation of shot 7, everybody leaves.
10. Medium shot of the doghouse seen in shot 1. The baby pats a dog.
11. The group is walking towards the camera on the street seen in shot 1. The mother enters the garden with part of the group of pursuers and the camera pans to the right as they walk towards the doghouse where the mother finds their baby and hold them in their arms.
The Lost Child has been singled out by several commentators as one of the most interesting early American chase films, possibly inspired by earlier British film such as Desperate Poaching Affray. Joyce E. Jesionowski mentions it as one of the best chase films made by the Biograph Company before the arrival of D.W. Griffith, showing "a firm grasp of continuity cutting" and where "the chase is not a device that hypes the joke, it is the vehicle of the joke." They further refers to the film as a "good example of pre-Griffith accumulation chase" where the distraught mother is joined by a line of heteroclit pursuers and where "activity is extended from background to foreground to exploit the spatial extent of the frame." Finally they stress the contribution of cinematographer Billy Bitzer in producing a "smooth passage of action from shot to shot."
Frank Krutnik and Steve Neale mention The Lost Child as an example of the fact that in 1904, chase was a key device in the cinema, because it "marked the increasing length of films at this time and allowed them to move in the direction of edited narration, articulating one particular kind of narrative action across a variety of shots, locations, and spaces". The chase was at the time "the narration par excellence" and also constituted "a new kind of slapstick attraction". While in later films chases would be incorporated into a wider narrative, here it is the subject of the film, eight shots out of eleven being "devoted to the chase and the capture of the supposed culprit."
References
External links
The Lost Child (1904) at A Cinema History
1904 films
American silent short films
American black-and-white films
Silent American comedy films
1904 comedy films
Films directed by Wallace McCutcheon Sr.
1900s American films
Cymolomia phaeopelta is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam, Thailand, India, western Java and eastern Borneo.
References
Moths described in 1921
Olethreutini
Moths of Asia
Moths of Indonesia
Insects of Borneo
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
The list of hoards in the Isle of Man comprises significant archaeological hoards of coins, jewellery, precious and scrap metal objects and other valuable items discovered in the Isle of Man. It includes both hoards that were buried with the intention of retrieval at a later date (personal hoards, founder's hoards, merchant's hoards, and hoards of loot), and also hoards of votive offerings which were not intended to be recovered at a later date, but excludes grave goods and single items found in isolation. The list is subdivided into sections according to archaeological and historical periods.
Viking hoards
From the 9th to the 13th centuries the Isle of Man was part of the Viking-ruled Kingdom of the Isles, and several significant hoards from this period have been found on the Isle of Man. Viking hoards generally comprise a mixture of silver coins, silver jewellery and hacksilver that has been taken in loot.
Later Medieval hoards
Hoards dating to the later medieval period, from 1066 to about 1500, mostly comprise silver pennies.
See also
List of hoards in Great Britain
List of hoards in Ireland
List of hoards in the Channel Islands
List of metal detecting finds
Notes
Footnotes
Hoards in the Isle of Man
History of the Isle of Man
Treasure troves
Edmund Scarborough (May 1840 - ?) was a minister, farmer and state legislator in Mississippi. They represented Holmes County, Mississippi in the Mississippi House of Representatives in 1870-1871.
They were born enslaved in Greene County, Alabama in May 1840 and obtained their freedom in 1863. Eric Foner documented them as Edmond Scarborough and another newspaper listed them as Edward Scarborough.
They were married to Martha in 1857 with whom they were listed as living with in Holmes County in both the 1900 and 1910 census.
In 1866 they built, along with their brother-in-law, the first negro Methodist church in the county.
They served in the Mississippi House with William B. Williams and Cicero Mitchell from Holmes County.
At the 1875 Holmes County Republican Convention they were assigned the position of Cotton Weigher.
After their service to the legislature they were a Deacon Elder of their church in which position they were reported to have baptised 500 people.
They died sometime after 1912 at which point they were recorded as owning multiple urban lots and other property.
See also
African American officeholders during and following the Reconstruction era
References
Members of the Mississippi House of Representatives
People from Greene County, Alabama
People from Holmes County, Mississippi
1840 births
Year of death missing
African-American politicians during the Reconstruction Era
African-American state legislators in Alabama
American freedmen
African Methodist Episcopal Church clergy
19th-century American Methodist ministers
Mississippi Republicans
Methodists from Mississippi
The trilling tapaculo (Scytalopus parvirostris) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Bolivia and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The trilling tapaculo was previously considered a subspecies of unicolored tapaculo (Scytalopus unicolor) but was elevated to species status based on differences in their vocalizations. Though it is monophyletic, there are song variations in different parts of its range that suggest that there might be undefined subspecies.
Description
The trilling tapaculo is long. Males weigh and females . Adult males are usually dark gray above and lighter gray below, though sometimes dark gray all over. The flanks and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are dark reddish brown with dusky bars. The female is similar to the male but paler with a dark brown wash. The juvenile is similar to the female with the addition of a scaly appearance due to yellowish edges to feathers.
Distribution and habitat
The trilling tapaculo is found on the east slope of the Andes from southern Amazonas, Peru, southeastward to western Santa Cruz in Bolivia. It inhabits the undergrowth of humid montane forest between the elevations of in Peru. In Bolivia it is found from and locally to .
Behavior
Feediing
The trilling tapaculo forages in dense undergrowth alone or in pairs, on or near the ground. Its diet has not been studied.
Breeding
No information is available other than that a juvenile was collected in July.
Vocalization
The trilling tapaculo's song gives it its name. The trill's pace varies geographically, at 21 notes per second in central Peru , 14 in southern Peru , and 20 to 28 in Bolivia . Its scold is similar but shorter and it also has a single-note call .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the trilling tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. It has a large range, and though its population has not been quantified it is believed to be fairly large and stable.
References
trilling tapaculo
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Birds of the Bolivian Andes
trilling tapaculo
trilling tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Djouce () at , is the 74th–the highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 91st–the highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Djouce is situated in the northeastern section of the Wicklow Mountains, and dominates the views of the Wicklow Mountains from Roundwood to Newtownmountkennedy. Djouce is one of a few Irish mountains for which the Irish Office of Public Works (OPW) maintain a boarded mountain trail, using railway sleepers, from its base to a point close to its summit; making the mountain even more accessible to the public, but while also protecting the underlying bog and soil from human erosion. Djouce is popular with hill walkers, and it lies along the 131-kilometre Wicklow Way; on its southern slopes at a senic viewpoint is the J.B. Malone memorial stone, dedicated to the creator of the Wicklow Way.
Naming
According to Irish academic Paul Tempan, Djouce is sometimes referred to Dowse in historical sources. Tempan notes that the old Irish word for "dígas" is high or lofty, but that while a "Sliab Digsa" is mentioned in the Metrical Dindshenchas, the second word is interpreted as a woman's name; potentially showing the meaning of "dígas" was unclear even at the time of the Metrical Dindshenchas (12th-century). The OSI Map uses the term Djouce Mountain.
Geography
The River Dargle rises on the northern flank of the mountain, close to the source of the River Liffey in the Featherbeds; they rise either side of the catchment boundary, the Liffey flowing west and the Dargle flowing east. Powerscourt Waterfall, one of the highest waterfall in Ireland, lies on its eastern slope.
Djouce overlooks to the west the highlands around the Sally Gap; to the east the Roundwood / Calary Bog plateau. It also overlooks the corrie lake of Lough Tay to the southwest. It is bounded to the west by the R115; to the south by the R759 and to the west by the R755.
Its southern and eastern flanks are heavily forested, up to and above the 2,000 feet contour, mainly with Sitka spruce plantations. As these trees are clear-felled (when they mature), a policy of the reinstatement of native tree species is being pursued, either through planting or natural regeneration.
Djouce's southern shoulder is called White Hill , and to the north of Djouce, across a small saddle is War Hill
Djouce's prominence of qualifies it as a Marilyn, and it also ranks it as the 42nd-highest mountain in Ireland on the MountainViews Online Database, 100 Highest Irish Mountains, where the minimum prominence threshold is 100 metres.
Hill walking
Djouce is a popular destination for hillwalkers due to its accessibility and views offered.
The main route to the summit of Djouce is via the Boardwalk path that was created by the OPW in 1997–1999 using old railway sleepers, and since upgraded, to protect the ground and bog from human erosion. This route starts from the Ballinastoe Wood car-park, or the adjacent J.B. Malone car-park (off the R759 road). The first objective is the scenic point at the J.B. Malone memorial stone which overlooks Lough Tay with views across to Luggala (or Fancy Mountain). The boarded path then rises up to White Hill, before taking a ninety-degree turn northwards to the summit slopes of Djouce. At this point, the boarded path takes another ninety-degree turn eastwards along the Wicklow way (following this path leads to Powerscourt Waterfall and Enniskerry, alternative starting points for Djouce), however, climbers on Djouce leave the boardwalk to take a stone and gravel path to the summit. The route from the car-park and back is 7-kilometres and can be completed without special hiking shoes and requires minimal navigational skills (due to the existence of the paths throughout the route).
Alternative versions aim to create a "loop route" by avoiding the direct return to the boarded path on the descent of Djouce, and instead, walking over the bogland to get to forest paths in Ballinastoe Wood that return to the car-parks; other routes expand on this "loop route" by also taking in War Hill to the north of Djouce to create a longer 15-kilometre "loop-route".
Teresa Wall vs NPWS (2016)
The future of boarded mountain paths and trails in Ireland was put in doubt when a climber, Teresa Wall, successfully sued the National Parks and Wildlife Service (NPWS) in the Circuit Court for Euro 40,000 in 2016 for an injury sustained in on the Djouce boarded walk (she required seven stitches after tripping on the boardwalk and cutting their knee near the J.B. Malone memorial stone); however, their award was overturned in February 2017 following a High Court appeal by the NPWS, which rejected their arguments that a "trip hazard" is the same whatever the location.
1946 Air crash
On 12 August 1946, a Junkers Ju 52/3m, carrying a group of 21 girl guides on a French government-funded trip to meet Irish girl guides, crashed into the upper south-western slopes of Djouce mountain in very poor weather. The crash completely ripped the engines from the plane, and thus the fuselage did not catch fire; all of the 27 passengers on board survived the crash, although some had severe injuries.
Bibliography
Climbing
Other
Gallery
See also
Wicklow Way
Wicklow Mountains
Lists of mountains in Ireland
List of mountains of the British Isles by height
List of Marilyns in the British Isles
List of Hewitt mountains in England, Wales and Ireland
Notes
References
External links
Wicklow Way Map: Stage 2 Djouce Mountain, VisitWicklow Tourism (April 2018)
MountainViews: The Irish Mountain Website, Djouce
MountainViews: Irish Online Mountain Database
The Database of British and Irish Hills , the largest database of British Isles mountains ("DoBIH")
Hill Bagging UK & Ireland, the searchable interface for the DoBIH
Marilyns of Ireland
Mountains and hills of County Wicklow
Hewitts of Ireland
Mountains under 1000 metres
The New York Hockey Club, also known as the Hockey Club of New York, was an amateur ice hockey team from Manhattan in New York City. The New York Hockey Club played in the American Amateur Hockey League between 1897 and 1917 and won one championship title, in the 1912–13 season. Canadian ice hockey player Tom "Attie" Howard coached the 1912–13 team.
The New York Hockey Club first played its home games at the Ice Palace Skating Rink, and later on at the St. Nicholas Skating Rink.
History
The New York Hockey Club was formed in the mid 1890s by a group of Canadians, mostly from Montreal but among them also Arthur Davies Knowlson (1870–1922) from Lindsay, Ontario. During the 1895–96 season the team played non-league exhibition games in New York City, their home games at the Ice Palace Skating Rink at 107th Street and Lexington Avenue in Manhattan.
When the American Amateur Hockey League was launched for the 1896–97 season seven players (among them Jim Fenwick, Beverley Bogert and goaltender Gerald MacRae) on the team jumped ship and instead joined the hockey team of the New York Athletic Club in the AAHL. Arthur Knowlson stayed with the club and gathered the remaining players (most of them from the second team) and during the 1896–97 season the New York HC aggregation played exhibition games with successful results winning 12 games out of 16 and only losing once (1-4 to their old teammates on the New York AC) and drawing three games. The players were still mostly Canadians but the team also figured brothers Sam (b. 1871) and Benny (b. 1875) Phillips from New York City.
The New York Hockey Club joined the AAHL for its second season in 1897–98.
References
Notes
1897 establishments in New York City
Ice hockey clubs established in 1897
1918 disestablishments in New York (state)
Sport clubs disestablished in 1918
Defunct ice hockey teams in the United States
Defunct sports teams in New York City
Ice hockey teams in the New York metropolitan area
Sports in Manhattan
Sir Edward Hall Alderson, (2 June 1864 – 7 March 1951) was a British public servant and Clerk of the Parliaments from 1930 to 1934.
Early life
Alderson was born on 2 June 1864 at New Zealand. They were a son of Francis John Alderson and Jane Irvin Black, a daughter of Dr. Thomas Black and Charlotte ( Leatham) Black.
They came a legal family; their grandfather, Sir Edward Hall Alderson, was a Baron of the Exchequer (whose daughter married Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, 3rd Marquess of Salisbury), and their great-grandfather, Robert Alderson, was Recorder of Norwich, Yarmouth and Ipswich.
They attended Brasenose College, Oxford, before they were called to the bar in 1890.
Career
They practised on the South-Eastern Circuit only briefly, being appointed private secretary to Lord Halsbury in 1895. Five years later, they were appointed Reading Clerk and Clerk of Outdoor Committees of the House of Lords. Promotions followed: in 1917 to Clerk-Assistant, and in 1930 to Clerk of the Parliaments. They retired in 1934.
Appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1919, Alderson went on to receive two knighthoods, as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire six years later, and then as a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in 1931.
Personal life
Alderson married Mary Emily Bonsor, daughter of Sir Cosmo Bonsor, 1st Baronet and the former Emily Gertrude Fellowes. Before their death in 1935, they were the parents of:
Richard Cosmo Alderson (1906–1944), who was killed in action in Italy during World War II; they married Gillian Mary Barrington, a daughter of merchant banker Hon. Bernard Barrington and sister to Patrick Barrington, 11th Viscount Barrington.
They died on 7 March 1951; two children from their marriage survived him.
References
1864 births
1951 deaths
English barristers
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Clerks of the Parliaments
The Azura-Edo Power Station is a natural gas-powered open cycle electricity generation plant, with a current operational capacity of 461 megawatts, located in Benin City in Nigeria. This is the first phase of a three-phase construction project of a combined cycle gas plant with planned capacity of 1,500 megawatts.
Location
The power station is located to the northeast of Benin City in Edo State, approximately , by road, east of Lagos, Nigeria's commercial capital. This location lies approximately , by road, southwest of Abuja, the country's capital city. The geographical coordinates of the power station are:06°24'32.0"N, 05°41'01.0"E (Latitude:6.408889; Longitude:5.683611).
Overview
The Azura-Edo IPP is an open-cycle gas fired power plant. The power station is often referred to as the "Azura-Edo Independent Power Plant" or "Azura-Edo IPP", because the finance required to build the plant was sourced from the private sector, rather than from the government. The private sector owners of the plant took the construction risk. The post-construction risk and the operational risks are also borne by the plant's owners and their operations and maintenance contractors.
Ownership
The power station is owned by Azura Power Holdings, an investment holding company for independent power projects in Africa. The majority equity investor in the Azura Power Holdings
is Actis Capital, a private equity firm headquartered in London with US$7.8 billion under management. In 2004, it was spun-off from CDC Group, owned by the Government of the United Kingdom.
The minority equity investors in the plant are included: 1. Africa50, a pan-African infrastructure investment platform. 2. Anergi Group, an energy company active in Africa's emerging economies. 3. Amaya Capital, an investment firm with a focus on the infrastructure sector in Africa and 4. The Edo State Government, which holds a 2.5 percent equity stake in the plant.
Financing
The power station cost US$900 million to build. The financing was obtained from fifteen financial institutions, in nine countries. The table below, illustrates the debt investors in the project. In addition, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) provided partial risk guarantees; while the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency (MIGA) provided political risk insurance. Both IBRD and MIGA are members of the World Bank Group.
Construction
Construction of the plant began in January 2016 under an Engineering, Procurement and Construction ("EPC") contract with a consortium comprising (a) Siemens AG of Germany (b) Siemens Nigeria Limited and (c) Julius Berger Nigeria Limited. Siemens also provided the turbines, generators, transformers and other electrical hardware. The plant was completed on 30 April 2018, six months ahead of schedule, a record achievement for a plant of this size.
Nearly 5 million man-hours of labor were expended on the plant, without a single lost-time injury, and the names of all the developers and construction workers, numbering over 2,000 in total, are now inscribed on a brass plaque at the front of the plant's administration and control building.
See also
List of power stations in Nigeria
References
External links
Official Azura-Edo App
Energy infrastructure in Nigeria
Natural gas-fired power stations in Nigeria
2018 establishments in Nigeria
Edo State
Misaskim ()‎ is an American Orthodox Jewish not-for-profit organization that provides services for the care of the dead and the needs and conveniences of mourners in accordance to Jewish law and custom.
Misaskim provides moral support and bereavement assistance to individuals experiencing crisis or tragedy. This is achieved by providing vital community services, which include safeguarding the dignity of the deceased, assisting the bereaved by providing free shiva-related services and supporting individuals during these times.
History
Misaskim was founded in Brooklyn in 2004 by a group of Hatzalah (volunteer ambulance) members and other community activists who perceived the need to help families during the painful time when a loved one dies. The small group decided to set up an organization with a twenty-four-hour hotline. They named it Misaskim, which is the Ashkenazi pronunciation of a Hebrew word which means 'attendants', a term used for members of a Chevra Kadisha (Jewish burial society). Over time, additional programs and projects were added to Misaskim's original services of helping the bereaved.
Misaskim is directed by Yankie (Jack) Meyer, one of the organization's founders, and Meir Weill.
Services
During major catastrophes or accidents with Jewish casualties, Misaskim dispatches a team of volunteers to any location in the United States on a moment's notice.
Misaskim's mourners' services ensure that the week of shiva (mourning) is a little bit more comforting and comfortable by providing aveilim (mourners) with necessities, from low chairs to Torah scrolls, from folding beds to fax machines.
Care for the dead
Misaskim safeguards the dignity of the deceased by advocating to prevent autopsies and/or cremation, and educating government officials and coroners regarding respect to the Jewish departed.
Mourner's needs
Misaskim provides items needed for observing Shiva after the death of an immediate family member. They provide low chairs, Siddurim, Sefer Torah, folding chairs, guide to the customs of Shiva, and many other items needed. They deliver these items free of charge.
Crisis relief
When disaster or tragedy strikes, Misaskim deals with the situation in a professional, efficient manner that is acceptable to the law and respectful to the deceased. Trained volunteers clear crime scenes upon request by local law enforcement, find burial plots and arrange for the funeral, when necessary, and assists other Hebrew burial societies, providing sound systems, generator-powered lights for nighttime burials and solving many logistical problems in order to arrange a funeral in a timely manner.
Other services
Misaskim reaches out to the orphans of the recently deceased with a plethora of age-appropriate services, trips, gifts, and counseling, when necessary.
Relationships with other organizations
In 2007, ZAKA announced cooperation with Misaskim, effectively making Misaskim the American branch of the Israeli organization.
See also
Chevra kadisha
References
External links
Misaskim Official Website
2004 in Judaism
2004 establishments in New York City
Bereavement in Judaism
Jewish charities based in the United States
Jews and Judaism in New York City
Non-profit organizations based in Brooklyn
Organizations established in 2004
Volunteer groups in the United States
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1963 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and ASK won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
The Alpini Battalion "Val Brenta" () is an inactive battalion of the Italian Army's mountain infantry speciality, the Alpini, which distinguished itself in combat during World War I and World War II.
History
World War I
The battalion was raised on 15 February 1915 with reservists of the Alpini Battalion "Bassano" of the 6th Alpini Regiment. The battalion's name, like the names of all Alpini battalions raised during World War I with first line reservists, was the name of a valley near the active battalion's base; in the Val Brenta battalion's case the Brenta valley, which extends to the north from Bassano. As with all Alpini battalions the recruits for the battalions were drafted exclusively from the area surrounding the battalions base. Initially the battalion fielded the 262nd and 263rd Alpini companies, and received the 274th Alpini Company on 15 December 1916.
The Val Brenta battalion's history is intertwined with the history of the 6th Alpini Regiment, with which it served during World War I. During the war the battalion was awarded a Silver Medal of Military Valour for the defense of Monte Cauriol on 1-5 September 1916 against repeated Austro-Hungarian, during which the battalion lost seven officers and more than 250 soldiers. After the war the battalion was disbanded on 30 April 1920.
World War II
The battalion was reformed on 27 August 1939 and participated in the Italian invasion of France in June and July 1940. Afterwards the battalion was once more disbanded on 31 October 1940 and the battalion's reservists dismissed.
Cold War
On 1 July 1963 the XXIII Alpini Fortification Battalion in Innichen was renamed Alpini Battalion "Val Brenta". The battalion was part of the Alpine Brigade "Tridentina" and tasked with tasked to man fortifications in the upper Puster valley, which the Italian Army (correctly) assumed to be one of two main directions of a possible Warsaw Pact advance. Initially the Val Brenta fielded three active and five reserve companies, the latter of which had arrived 30 June 1964 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Leogra". On 1 November 1976 the Alpini Battalion "Val Cismon" of the Alpine Brigade "Cadore" was disbanded and its four companies transferred to the Val Brenta, which now fielded three active and nine reserve companies with a wartime strength of more than 2,200 men. On 1 July 1979 the Val Brenta received the 253rd Alpini Company from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Chiese" of the Alpine Brigade "Orobica". The structure of the battalion was now:
Alpini Battalion "Val Brenta", in Bruneck
Headquarters and Service Company, in Bruneck
253rd Alpini Company, in Brenner (Type A*) (transferred on 1 July 1979 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Chiese")
262nd Alpini Company, in Winnebach (Type A)
263rd Alpini Company, in Vierschach (Type A)
264th Alpini Company, in Santo Stefano di Cadore (Type A, transferred on 1 November 1976 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Cismon"; downgraded to Type C on 30 June 1979 and duties taken over by the 262nd Company)
265th Alpini Companynote 1, in Santo Stefano di Cadore (Type C*, transferred on 1 November 1976 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Cismon")
274th Alpini Companynote 1, in Toblach (Type C)
277th Alpini Companynote 1, in Höhlenstein (Type C, transferred on 1 November 1976 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Cismon")
347th Alpini Companynote 2, in Prags (Type C, transferred on 1 November 1976 from the disbanded Alpini Battalion "Val Cismon")
351st Alpini Companynote 2, in Bruneck (Type C, ex "Val Leogra")
352nd Alpini Companynote 2, in Bruneck (Type C, ex "Val Leogra")
353rd Alpini Companynote 1, in Percha (Type C, ex "Val Leogra")
354th Alpini Companynote 2, in Bruneck (Type C, ex "Val Leogra")
355th Alpini Companynote 2, in Bruneck (Type C, ex "Val Leogra")
Type A = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon onsite
Type B = fortification fully equipped, provisioned and manned; close support platoon off site
Type C = fortification fully equipped; provisions, crew and close support platoon off site
The fortifications the Val Brenta would man in case of war with the Warsaw Pact had been built as the Alpine Wall in the early stages of World War II. The Val Brenta was to man the following bunker systems with the aim to deny enemy forces passage through the Puster and Piave valleys:
Winnebach: 9 bunker, 203 men, 262nd Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Prato Drava)
Vierschach: 6 bunker, 180 men, 263rd Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Versciaco)
Kreuzbergpass: 7 bunker, 247 men, 264th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Passo Monte Croce Comelico)
Val Frison: 3 bunker, ? men, 265th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Val Frison)
Toblach: 10 bunker, 304 men, 274th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Dobbiaco)
Landro Nord: 3 bunker, 150 men, 277th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento della Val di Landro)
Prags: 2 bunker, 116 men, 347th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Braies)
Antholz: 6 bunker, 164 men, 351st Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Anterselva)
Olang: 10 bunker, 373 men, 352nd Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Rasun-Valdaora)
Percha: 7 bunker, 223 men, 353rd Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Perca)
Saalen: 4 bunker, 113 men, 354th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento di Sares)
Mühlbach: 5 bunker, 141 men, 355th Alpini Company (Italian Wikipedia: Sbarramento Chiusa di Rio)
With fixed fortifications becoming obsolete the battalion was disbanded on 23 August 1986 with only the 262nd Alpini Company remaining on active duty. After the battalion was disbanded its war flag was transferred to the shrine of the flags at the Vittoriano in Rome.
External links
Battaglione Alpini "Val Brenta" on vecio.it
Source
Franco dell'Uomo, R. di Rosa: "L'Esercito Italiano verso il 2000 - Volume Secondo - Tomo I", Rome 2001, Stato Maggiore dell'Esercito - Ufficio Storico, page: 504
References
Alpini Battalions of Italy
Killynaght is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Strabane Lower and the civil parish of Leckpatrick and covers an area of 489 acres.
The name derives from the Irish: Coill Uí Neacht (O Knaght's wood).
In 1841 the population of the townland was 191 people (40 houses) and in 1851 it was 155 people (29 houses).
The townland contains one Scheduled Historic Monument: a portal tomb (grid ref: C3909 0113), a collapsed single chambered tomb of four stones, known locally as The Rocking Stone. The capstone is about 1m thick and 2m square.
See also
List of townlands of County Tyrone
List of archaeological sites in County Tyrone
References
Townlands of County Tyrone
Archaeological sites in County Tyrone
The Journal of Teacher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of education. The journal's editors are Tonya Bartell, Dorinda Carter Andrews, Robert Floden, and Gail Richmond (Michigan State University). It has been in publication since 1950 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education.
Scope
The mission of the Journal of Teacher Education, the flagship journal of AACTE, is to serve as a research forum for a diverse group of scholars who are invested in the preparation and continued support of teachers and who can have a significant voice in discussions and decision-making around issues of teacher education. One of the fundamental goals of the journal is the use of evidence from rigorous investigation to identify and address the increasingly complex issues confronting teacher education at the national and global levels. These issues include but are not limited to preparing teachers to effectively address the needs of marginalized youth, their families and communities; program design and impact; selection, recruitment and retention of teachers from underrepresented groups; local and national policy; accountability; and routes to certification.
JTE does not publish book reviews, program evaluations or articles solely describing programs, program components, courses or personal experiences. In addition, JTE does not accept manuscripts that are solely about the development or validation of an instrument unless the use of that instrument yields data providing new insights into issues of relevance to teacher education (MSU, February 2016).
Abstracting and indexing
The Journal of Teacher Education is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases, Sociological Abstracts and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 3.18, ranking it 12 out of 238 journals in the category ‘Education & Educational Research'.
References
External links
AACTE Official website
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
5 times per year journals
Pabna Polytechnic Institute is a polytechnic institute located in Pabna, Bangladesh.
History
The college was founded in 1924 when the Zamidar of Trash, Banomali Roy, in Pabna named BL Eliot Technical School. In the 1960s, the Government of East Pakistan established many Polytechnic Institutes in different district of East Pakistan under Five-Year Plan. As part of the plan in 1962 that technical school becomes Pabna Polytechnic Institute.
On 10 January 1970, Waker Ahmed, the Director of Technical Education founded the construction work of the Pabna Polytechnic Institute on 30 acres of land beside the north-east corner of Edward University College. Academic activities begin with three technologies Civil, Mechanical and Power in the new campus in 1978. now add new six technologies Electrical, electronics, computer, construction and refrigeration and airconditioning
Gallery
References
Polytechnic institutes in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 1962
1960s establishments in East Pakistan
Hakudō Kobayashi (小林はくどう, Kobayashi Hakudō; July 2, 1944) is a Tokyo-based artist working in video and sculpture.  They are best known for their work as a promoter of citizen video work. Kobayashi is also Representative Director of the NPO Shimin ga Tsukuru TVF (Community-made TVF) which runs the annual Tokyo Video Festival. They taught at Seian University of Art and Design from 1992-2010.
Biography
Kobayashi was born Kobayashi Hiromichi (an alternate reading of the characters in their name) in Sendai City, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan in 1944. They moved to Tokyo to attend Tama Art University, graduating from the Department of Oil Painting under Yoshihige Saitō in 1967.
In the leadup to Expo ‘70, Kobayashi worked with Goji Hamada, Kazuo Kawasumi, Masanobu Yoshimura, Yasuharu Yukino, and Tanaka Norio as the design firm Kantsū (Penetration), which produced the ABAB Akafudado store in Ueno, and a collaborative project at Expo '70, among other projects. Kobayashi and Kantsū also worked as part of Masanobu Yoshimura's team producing ravens and other objects for the Textiles Pavilion at Expo '70.
After picking up the medium of video in 1972, Kobayashi first taught video for the Yokohama-based alternative art academy B-Zemi starting in 1973. From 1975 they taught at Tama Gakuen College of the Arts (Tama Geijutsu Gakuen), and a series of other schools until joining the faculty of Seian University of Art and Design in 1992, where they stayed until 2010.
From the late 1970s on, Kobayashi was also involved in various initiatives, festivals, publications, and programming promoting citizen video, community video, and amateur video. Since 1979 they have worked in various capacities with the annual Tokyo Video Festival, under the aegis of Japan Victor from 1979-2009, and then under the NPO Shimin ga Tsukuru TVF (Community-made TVF) since 2010. Kobayashi is currently the Representative Director of NPO Shimin ga Tsukuru TVF.
Artistic Activities
Kobayashi first gained attention for their Hakudo Machine series: mobile reliefs, sculptures, and installations draped in fabric, animated by simple gears, chains, and motors. The series, which ran from 1967-70, was included in the 1969 Trends in Contemporary Art exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto and outside the Mitsui Pavilion at Osaka's Expo ‘70.
Kobayashi was a founding member, alongside Fujiko Nakaya and Yūji Morioka, of Experiments in Art and Technology Tokyo (est. 1971), a branch of the international collective founded in New York by Billy Klüver, Fred Waldhauer, Robert Rauschenberg, and Robert Whitman. Their first project was the Tokyo branch of Utopia Q&A, 1981, a telex network that connected nodes in New York, Stockholm, Ahmedabad, and Tokyo as part of the Moderna Museet's Utopias & Visions 1871-1981 organized by Pontus Hultén. The Tokyo branch of the project was presented at the Xerox Knowledge-In, Sony Building, Ginza from July 30-September 30, 1971. It was organized as a kind of quasi-newsroom that would display incoming and outgoing telex messages from the other nodes of the project and served as a base of operations for daily translations of messages between English (the language used at the other site) and Japanese. Kobayashi and the other organizers also reached out to different local intellectuals and media figures to solicit questions and answers for the project.
From February 1972 through its dissolution in 1975, Kobayashi joined Nakaya, Katsuhiro Yamaguchi, Nobuhiro Kawanaka, Rikurō Miyai, Masao Kōmura, Michitaka Nakahara, Kyoko Michishita, Shoko Matsushita, Sakumi Hagiwara, Toshio Matsumoto, and others in activities under the collective name of Video Hiroba. Kobayashi was one of the core members of the group, and participated in their major exhibitions and community projects including Video Communication: Do-It-Yourself-Kit (1972, Sony Building, Ginza), Video Week: Open Retina—Grab Your Image (1972, American Center, Nagata-cho), Tokyo-New York Video Express (1974, Tenjo Sajiki Theater, Shibuya), the Karuizawa Video Game Festival (1974, Karuizawa, Japan), the Research for New and Existing Residents' Participation (1973, Sakuragi-cho and Noge-cho, Yokohama), and the Video Community Center project at Tohoku Electric Power Company's Niigata branch office (1973). Kobayashi further supported the production of other works by Fujiko Nakaya, helping them record their 1972 video Friends of Minamata Victims—Video Diary and serving as part of a team that recorded videos for their 1973 project Old People's Wisdom—Cultural DNA.
Kobayashi's individual works tend to fall into two categories: media animations or sequential video feedback performances. Their media animations, such as Earth (1974), subject still or moving images to mediation by synthesizers such as the Scanimate at IMAGICA Ltd. Their sequential video feedback performances involve re-recording practices, sometimes with individuals performing next to monitors featuring videos they have previously recorded of other performances to create a mise-en-abyme effect, and sometimes with compilations of individuals who attempt to recreate previous footage in the compilation sequence through performance. Such works include Catch Video (1975), Play/Catch Video (1975), Lapse Communication (1972-1980), and Aqua Works (1975-78, 2015).
Community Video Activism
Since their days in Video Hiroba, community collaboration and promotion of citizen video have been central to Kobayashi's practice. In 1978 Kobayashi moved to the city of Kunitachi in the western suburbs of Tokyo. They were contracted by the city of Kunitachi to produce a series of videos, using equipment provided by the city, that would be used as a means of promoting critical discussion and debates around issues of local interest. According to the organizers of the 2005 NTT InterCommunication Center exhibition Possible Futures: Japanese Postwar Art and Technology, the project was aimed at “utilizing video as a medium for ‘publicizing' the opinions of citizens rather than a medium for government ‘public relations,' so it can be said that it was an attempt to destroy the hierarchical structure between those who are in a position to voice their opinions and those who are not.” The Tokyo Video Festival, which Kobayashi has contributed to in different roles over the years, including as a judge and as the current Representative Director, similarly places videos by amateurs alongside professionals in an international competition that includes shorts, feature films, documentaries, and fiction. From the late 1970s, Kobayashi produced various publications aimed at generalist, amateur, and youth audiences, including publications for NHK, the weekend edition of the Nikkei Newspaper (Nikkei Shimbun), and the children's book publisher Librio Publishing (Riburio Shuppan).
Exhibitions of Note
Two-man show with Nobuo Sekine, Tsubaki Kindai Gallery, Tokyo
The 9 Visual Points Exhibition, Muramatsu Gallery, Tokyo, 1968
Hakudō Machine, Walker Gallery, 1968 (solo exhibition)
Trends in Japanese Contemporary Art, National Museum of Modern Art, Kyoto, 1969
Hakudō Machine, Mitsui Pavilion, Expo '70, Osaka, 1970
Experiments in Art and Technology's Utopia Q&A, 1981, Sony Building, Ginza, 1971
Video Communication: Do-It-Yourself-Kit, Sony Building, Ginza, Tokyo, 1972
Tokyo-New York Video Express, Tenjo Sajiki Theater, Tokyo, 1974
Tokyo Biennale 1974, Tokyo Metropolitan Art Museum, Tokyo, 1974
Video Art, Institute of Contemporary Art, Philadelphia; The Contemporary Arts Center, Cincinnati; Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago; Wadsworth Atheneum, Hartford, 1975
Seventh International Open Encounter on Video, Fundacio Joan Miró, Barcelona, 1977
Japan Video Art Festival, Centro de Arte y Comunicación, Buenos Aires, 1978
Tenth International Open Encounter on Video, Sogetsu Hall, Tokyo, 1978
Video from Tokyo to Fukui and Kyoto, Museum of Modern Art, New York, 1979
Biennale of Sydney, Australia, 1982
Videonale, Bonn, Germany, 1988
Hakudō Video Jungle, Kirin Plaza, Osaka, 1990 (solo exhibition)
Video, A New World—the Possibilities of that Media, O Art Museum, Tokyo, 1992
Japanese Art After 1945: Scream Against the Sky, Guggenheim Museum SoHo, New York and Yokohama Museum of Art, Yokohama, 1994
Possible Futures: Japanese Postwar Art and Technology, NTT InterCommunication Center, Tokyo, 2005
Retrospective Exhibition of the Early Video Art, Nagoya City Gallery, Japan, 2006
Vital Signals: Early Japanese Video Art, Electronic Arts Intermix and Japan Society, New York, 2010
MAM Research 004: Video Hiroba - Reexamining the 1970s Experimental Video Art Group, Mori Art Museum, Tokyo, 2016-17
Publications
Video Guidebook 4 (Tokyo: Shinjusha, 1976) [Japanese, 『ビデオ便利帳』４ 共著1976 伸樹社刊]
The Supervideo, editor and co-author (Tokyo: Shufu no Tomo, 1978)
『ザ・スーパービデオ』監修 共著 1976 主婦の友社刊
PLAY THE VIDEO, editor and co-author with The Committee for Thinking About the New Video Life (Tokyo: Japan Victor Corporation, 1978)
『PLAY THE VIDEO』監修 共著 小林はくどう、新しいビデオライフを考える会 （株）日本ビクター刊
Video Guidebook 7, co-author with Nam June Paik, Toshio Matsumoto, and Yamaguchi Katsuhiro (Tokyo: Shinjusha, 1980)
『ビデオ便利帖』７ 共著 1980 （株）伸樹社 協同執筆者：ナムジュンパイク、松本俊夫、山口勝弘
Let's Make a TV Program series, 5 volumes, co-authored with Naonori Kawamura, Tokyo: Librio Publishing, 1984.
[シリーズ・『TV番組を作ろう』全集（全５巻）] 共著 1984 リブリオ出版刊 協同執筆者：川村尚敬
Hakudō Video Jungle, co-authors Katsuhiro Yamaguchi, Susumu Hani, Nobuhiko Ōbayashi, Fujiko Nakaya, Saitō Yoshishige, and Kenji Misawa (Tokyo: Shinjusha, 1990)
『はくどうのビデオジャングル』共著1990 伸樹社刊 共同執筆者：山口勝弘、羽仁進、大林宣彦、中谷芙二子、 斉藤義重、三沢憲司他。
You, too, are a videomaker, co-author Nobuhiko Ōbayashi (Tokyo: NHK Publishing, 1996)
『あなたも映像作家』共著 1996 NHK出版 監修：小林はくどう 協同執筆者：大林宣彦
Citizen Video Manifesto, co-author with Hani Susumu and Ōbayashi Nobuhiko (Tokyo: Genkosha, 1996)
『市民ビデオ宣言』監修 共著 1996 玄光社刊 協同執筆者：羽仁進、大林宣彦他。
The Super Simple Studio in Video, Softscenario separate manual (Tokyo: AI Soft, 2001)
『ビデオde楽々スタジオ』ソフトシナリオ、 別冊マニュアル 単著 2001 AIソフト刊
"Departure with Utopia Q&A 1981" and "Communication Media Called Video," in Resistance of Fog: Fujiko Nakaya, eds. Junya Yamamine, Miki Fukuda, Chika Goto, Tomoki Sakuta, Yuta Mizuno, Kyoko Yabusaki, and Momoko Usuda (Tokyo: Film Art Inc., 2019), 266-67, 315-19 [bilingual in Japanese and English; 『霧の抵抗 中谷芙二子展』寄稿 2019 フィルムアート社 寄稿者 磯崎新、岡崎乾二郎、かわなかのぶひろ、萩原朔美、藤幡正樹他
Major Public Collections
Ludwig Forum for International Art, Aachen, Germany
Museum of Modern Art, New York
The Getty Research Institute, Los Angeles
The Hiroshima City Museum of Contemporary Art
Yokohama Museum of Art
The Miyagi Museum of Art
Aichi Prefectural Art Center
Tokushima Modern Art Museum
References
1944 births
Living people
Japanese artists
People from Sendai
Jan Hansen (born 18 February 1970) is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1970 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Oxythecta acceptella is a moth of the family Oecophoridae. It is found in Australia.
References
Oecophorinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1864
The Raleigh and Gaston / Seaboard coastline Building is an historic building in Raleigh, North Carolina, that was once home to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad and subsequently the Raleigh office of the Seaboard coastline Railroad. The three story brick building is one of Raleigh's earliest surviving office buildings and served as a railroad office for more than 100 years.
The first train to arrive in Raleigh came in 1840, five years after the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad was chartered. The railroad was sold under foreclosure and taken over by the State of North Carolina in 1845. Private stockholders were later able to acquire a controlling interest from the state, in 1867. The building was commissioned while the railroad was under state control and construction of two stories was started in 1861. A third and final story had been added by 1891. The Raleigh and Gaston Railroad and several associated railroads formed the Seaboard Air Line Railroad in 1893, and later merged with the Atlantic coastline Railroad to form the Seaboard coastline Railroad in 1967.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 6, 1971, at its original location of 325 Halifax Street. At that time, the building was still in use for its original purpose as a railroad company office. The state of North Carolina purchased the land in 1977 and moved the building to its present location at 413 North Salisbury Street, re-designating it as a Raleigh Historic Landmark in 1990. Since 2015 the building has served as the headquarters of the North Carolina Department of Military and Veterans Affairs.
See also
Raleigh and Gaston Railroad
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wake County, North Carolina
References
External links
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Raleigh, North Carolina
Seaboard coastline Railroad
Transport infrastructure completed in 1862
National Register of Historic Places in Raleigh, North Carolina
1862 establishments in North Carolina
Josef Hagler (1 February 1893 – 1 August 1972) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1912.
References
External links
1893 births
1972 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Chile women's national under-16 and under-17 basketball team is a national basketball team of Chile, administered by the Federación de Basquetbol de Chile.
It represents the country in international under-16 and under-17 (under age 16 and under age 17) women's basketball competitions.
Competitive record
Under-17 World Cup
The team qualified for the 2020 FIBA Under-17 Women's Basketball World Cup, its most noteworthy accomplishment so far.
Americas Under-16 Championship
The team qualified on two occasions.
In 2021, Chile won their final match of group play to move to 1-2 record. Major performances came from Vania Vega who recorded 17 points, 7 rebounds and 5 steals in the win over Mexico.
South American U17 Championship
In the past, the team appeared at the 2016 South American U17 Championship for Women.
See also
Chile women's national basketball team
Chile women's national under-19 basketball team
Chile men's national under-17 basketball team
References
External links
Archived records of Chile team participations
under
Women's national under-17 basketball teams
The Tennessee Coach Company (TCC) was a regional highway-coach carrier, founded in 1928 and based in Knoxville, Tennessee, USA. It was in operation until 1976, when it became merged into the Continental Tennessee Lines, a subsidiary of the Transcontinental Bus System, called also the Continental Trailways. Continental Trailways was by far the largest member company in the Trailways trade association, which was then named the National Trailways Bus System.
Origin
The TCC began in the Volunteer State in 1928, combining the Southern Motor Coach Company, which had started running in 1924 between Knoxville and Chattanooga, and the Safety Coach Company, which had started running in 1925 between Knoxville and Johnson City.
Background
The story of the TCC dates back to 1919 in Ohio with Onnie Bruce "O.B." Baskette. They drove first for the Cleveland-Akron Bus Company, then for the Cleveland-Elyria-Toledo Bus Company (which, despite its name, ran only between Cleveland and Norwalk, Ohio, beyond Elyria but short of Toledo). They then returned to the former firm in a management job.
Baskette moved to North Carolina during the winter of 1924-25 and started working (albeit for a short time) for the Carolina Motor Coaches (running between Raleigh and Greensboro, which in November 1925 became a major part of the newly founded Carolina Coach Company. In May 1940 the latter firm became a member of the Trailways association and became known also as the Carolina Trailways; in 1997 it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Greyhound Lines, Inc. (GLI). One curious result of that last step is that a Greyhound subsidiary, the Carolina Coach Company, the Carolina Trailways, is a member of the Trailways association, now the Trailways Transportation System].
While Baskette was in North Carolina, they met two brothers, Al and M.H. Kraemer, who became connected (although not as principals) with the Carolina Coach Company in its beginning.
Baskette, seeking an opportunity to start a firm of their own, moved to East Tennessee. In March 1925 they began running between Knoxville and Johnson City along US highway 11E (US-11E) via Jefferson City, Morristown, and Greeneville. In the next year, 1926, they incorporated their operation as the Safety Coach Company. They started with two Fageol Safety Coaches and added seven more by the end of 1926. In naming their firm they took a cue from the brand name of the Fageol Safety Coaches, as did a number of the founders of other early coach concerns.
The two Kraemer brothers left the Carolina Coach Company in 1927, then they joined Baskette in their firm in Tennessee.
Development
In 1928 O.B. Baskette and Al Kraemer incorporated the Tennessee Coach Company, bought the Southern Motor Coach Company (running between Knoxville and Chattanooga), then merged that firm and Baskett's own Safety Coach Company (running between Knoxville and Johnson City) into the new TCC.
The State of Tennessee in 1929 issued a joint certificate (of public convenience and necessity) to the TCC and the Union Transfer Company (UTC), based in Nashville, for service between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70, later redesignated in part as US-70S, via Murfreesboro, Woodbury, McMinnville, Sparta, Crossville, Rockwood, and Kingston.
[In 1930 the Consolidated Coach Corporation (Consolidated, CCC, or the CCC Lines), based in Lexington, Kentucky, bought the UTC; in 1931 Consolidated adopted the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines); in 1936 the Consolidated firm became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (GL).]
The Tennessee Coach Company in 1929 extended its Johnson City line to Bristol (on the state line between Tennessee and Virginia) and in 1930 to Bluefield (on the state line between Virginia and West Virginia; in 1938 it added service to Atlanta, Georgia, both from Knoxville and from Chattanooga (although along rural backwoodsy routes through lightly populated areas, because Greyhound already ran between Chattanooga and Atlanta through more populous areas in north Georgia via Rome, Dalton, and Calhoun).
The TCC also provided extensive local commuter service from Knoxville to Kingston, Rockwood, Harriman, Oliver Springs, and (especially during World War II) to Oak Ridge (still sometimes called the Secret City). [Oak Ridge was the site of the headquarters of the top-secret Manhattan Project, which in 1945 produced the world's first nuclear weapons.]
A sharing arrangement
The Tennessee Coach Company and the other carrier – first the UTC, later the CCC, even later the Southeastern GL – shared their joint certificate (for the route between Nashville and Knoxville) in an unusual way: One carrier ran in one direction on any given scheduled trip, then the other carrier ran in that direction on that same sked the next day, and vice versa. That is, they ran in opposite directions, and they changed directions each day.
That plan continued until 1956, when the TCC joined the National Trailways association. With the approval of the federal Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC), the TCC took over four of the nine daily trips in each direction, and the Southeastern GL took over the other five trips each way. The TCC also started one daily trip each way between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70N via Lebanon, Carthage, Cookeville, and Crossville, joining the Continental Tennessee Lines, based in Nashville, another Trailways member company, on that parallel alternate route.
For a short time during the 1930s, while the TCC operated in cooperation with the Southeastern GL, several of the coaches of the TCC (Yellow Coach long-nose streamliners) appeared (with the consent of Greyhound) in the Greyhound livery, complete with lettering for the Tennessee Greyhound Lines (which never existed at all as a separate distinct entity).
Between Knoxville and Bristol
In 1929 – the same year in which the TCC and the UTC obtained their joint certificate for service between Nashville and Knoxville – another significant neighboring carrier came into existence.
Three major players in the early highway-coach industry organized yet another carrier, based in Roanoke, Virginia, named as the Old Dominion (OD) Stages (using the nickname of the state or Commonwealth of Virginia). The founders were Arthur Hill (of the Blue and Gray Transit Company, of Charleston, West Virginia), John Gilmer (of the Camel City Coach Company, of Winston-Salem, North Carolina), and Guy Huguelet (of the Consolidated Coach Corporation, of Lexington, Kentucky, which in 1936 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines). They owned the new firm in three equal shares. The purpose of the new firm was to run between Knoxville and Washington, DC, via Bristol, Wytheville, Roanoke, Lexington, Staunton, and Winchester (all the last six in Virginia), along a route which divided between the territories of the Blue and Gray and the Camel City companies. Service began on the day before Thanksgiving Day in November 1929.
The Blue and Gray Transit Company and the Camel City Coach Company in December 1929 together became the National Highway Transport (NHT) Company. NHT soon formed operating ties to Greyhound and began negotiations with Greyhound. In early 1931 NHT began using the trade name of the Atlantic Greyhound Lines, while at first retaining its previous corporate name. In July 1931 NHT became renamed as the Atlantic Greyhound Lines.
In May 1932 the Old Dominion Stages leased its route segment between Knoxville and Bristol (on US-11W via Rutledge, Bean Station, Rogersville, and Kingsport) to the Tennessee Coach Company.
Thus the TCC began running between Knoxville and Bristol along -11W, the leased parallel route, as well as -11E, its own original route.
Later in 1932 Hill and Gilmer bought the one-third interest of Huguelet in the OD Stages, then they merged OD into their Atlantic GL.
The TCC continued to run the leased Old Dominion segment (between Knoxville and Bristol) along US-11W as well as its own original parallel route along -11E. It took part in through-schedules (interlined pool operations) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more operating companies – in cooperation with the Atlantic GL, the Dixie GL, and the Southeastern GL – including those between Birmingham, Alabama, and Bristol and between Memphis, Tennessee, and Washington. It did so until 1956, when the TCC joined the National Trailways trade association, and when the TCC returned its leased right to that segment to the Atlantic GL (as the successor in interest of the OD Stages) – as a part of the deal related to the dissociation of the TCC from Greyhound.
Afterward the TCC continued running between Knoxville and Bristol, but only along its own original route on US-11E.
Sale of TCC
In 1960 the Tennessee Coach Company became sold to a new firm (created specifically to buy the TCC), named as the Tennessee Trailways, Inc., owned in three equal shares by three other Trailways member companies. The investors were the Virginia Stage Lines (the Virginia Trailways), the Smoky Mountain Lines (the Smoky Mountain Trailways), and the Continental Tennessee Lines (a Trailways concern which ran in part between Nashville and Knoxville along US-70N via Lebanon, Carthage, Cookeville, and Crossville. [That last firm was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Continental Southern Lines, based in Alexandria, Louisiana. The two latter firms were members of the Transcontinental Bus System (using the brand name of the Continental Trailways), which was the largest member company in the National Trailways association.] The TCC retained its old brand name until 1976 despite the sale.
In 1966 the Transcontinental Bus System (operating as the Continental Trailways), based in Dallas, Texas, bought most of the large Trailways member companies along the Atlantic Seaboard. Those included were the Safeway Trails (the Safeway Trailways), the Virginia Stage Lines (the Virginia Trailways), the Queen City Coach Company (the Queen City Trailways), and the Smoky Mountain Stages (the Smoky Mountain Trailways), but not the Carolina Coach Company (the Carolina Trailways) or the Tamiami Trail Tours (the Tamiami Trailways).
Thus the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways) acquired the other two-thirds of the ownership of the Tennessee Trailways (which had bought the Tennessee Coach Company in 1960) – through its purchase of the Virginia Trailways and the Smoky Mountain Trailways – in addition to the one-third share which already was the property of the Continental Tennessee Lines, already a subsidiary of the Continental Southern Lines, which in turn was a division of the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways).
Merger into Continental Trailways
Eventually in 1976 the Continental Trailways merged the Tennessee Trailways (which had continued to use the brand name of the Tennessee Coach Company) into the Continental Tennessee Lines – at the same time when it merged also the Continental Crescent Lines, another neighboring firm, into the Continental Tennessee Lines.
Conclusion
Thus finally ended the separate existence or identity of the Tennessee Coach Company.
Addendum
In 1968 the Holiday Inns of America, based in Memphis, Tennessee, bought the Transcontinental Bus System (the Continental Trailways), then later renamed it as the Trailways, Inc., TWI.
In 1979 the Holiday Inns sold the TWI to a private investor, Henry Lea Hillman Sr., of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation, the original umbrella Greyhound firm, which had become widely diversified far beyond transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business) to a new company named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., GLI, based in Dallas, Texas. The buyer was a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., TWI, also based in Dallas), which was the largest member company in the National Trailways trade association.
Later in that same year, 1987, the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey as the chief executive officer (CEO) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives, while continuing to reduce its level of service. The reductions consist of hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states, doing so on fewer days (that is, increasingly operating some trips fewer than seven days per week), and using fewer through-coaches, thus requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
Now a few pieces of the Tennessee Coach Company still exist, but only as unrecognizable parts of the Greyhound Lines.
See also
The Greyhound Corporation
Atlantic Greyhound Lines
Capitol Greyhound Lines
Central Greyhound Lines
Dixie Greyhound Lines
Florida Greyhound Lines
Great Lakes Greyhound Lines
New England Greyhound Lines
Southeastern Greyhound Lines
Teche Greyhound Lines
References
Hixson, Kenneth (2001). Pick of the Litter. Lexington: Centerville Book Company. .
Motor Coach Age (a publication of the Motor Bus Society), various issues, especially these:
August 1977;
May 1980;
April–June 1995;
October–December 1998.
Backfire, the corporate newspaper for the Southeastern Greyhound Lines, all issues, from January 1938 through February 1956.
Tennessee Coach Company on Jon's Trailways History Corner website, maintained by Jon Hobein.
External links
"Tennessee Coach Company" (at Bluehounds and Redhounds)
Bluehounds and Redhounds, the history of Greyhound and Trailways
"Northland Greyhound Lines" (at Bluehounds and Redhounds), including the early history of The Greyhound Corporation
"Greyhound Lines after WW2" (at Bluehounds and Redhounds)
"The Scenicruiser" at Bluehounds and Redhounds
Defunct transportation companies of the United States
Intercity bus companies of the United States
Companies based in Knoxville, Tennessee
Transport companies established in 1928
Greyhound Lines
1928 establishments in Tennessee
Transport companies disestablished in 1976
1976 disestablishments in Tennessee
American companies established in 1928
American companies disestablished in 1976
Transportation companies based in Tennessee
Defunct companies based in Tennessee
Trailways Transportation System
The 1979-80 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Toulouse in the final.
The group B was won by Chambéry beating Angoulême in the final.
Formula
For the first time, the clubs of the "Group B" didn't participate for the title, but play a proper championship.
The group A, like the group B was divided in four pools of ten clubs.
The eight better of each pool were qualified for the knockout stages.
Group A
Qualification round
In bold the teams qualified for knock out stages, ordered second the ranking.
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
Group B
Qualification round
In bold the teams qualified for knock out stages, ordered second the ranking.
"Last 32"
"Last 16"
Quarter of finals
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1980 lnr.fr
Notes and references
1980
France
Championship
Jakub Jantulík (born 3 September 1994 in Čadca) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Slovakia.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1994 births
Living people
Slovak motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
People from Čadca
"Vette Motors" is a song by American rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again, released on June 10, 2022 as the fourth single from their fourth studio album The Last Slimeto (2022). It was produced by Jason "Cheese" Goldberg, JetsonMade, OG Parker and Beezo.
Composition
In the song, NBA YoungBoy "flexes new flows and cadences", switching between aggressive rapping and melodic crooning, as they list off their accomplishments, such as having new cars. The production is based on piano.
Critical reception
Charles Lyons-Burt of Slant Magazine considered the song to be a standout from The Last Slimeto, describing it as "YoungBoy savoring the syllables of every one of their words in a manner that recalls Playboi Carti's just-short-of-possessed vocalizations."
Charts
References
2022 singles
2022 songs
YoungBoy Never Broke Again songs
Songs written by YoungBoy Never Broke Again
Songs written by OG Parker
Song recordings produced by OG Parker
Atlantic Records singles
Cola Pesce, also known as Pesce Cola (i.e., Nicholas Fish) is an Italian folktale about a merman, mentioned in literature as early as the 12th century. Many variants and retellings have been recorded.
Early literature
The first known literary mention was by a 12th-century poet, Raimon Jordon of Provencal, who referred to a "Nichola de Bar" (Nicholas of Bari) who lived with the fishes.
Walter Map recorded a story of "Nicholas Pipe," who appeared like a normal human but had the ability to live under the sea for long periods of time, and would warn ships of storms. King William of Sicily commanded that they be brought to him, but Nicholas Pipe could not live away from the ocean and died when they were captured.
Gervase of Tilbury's version told of Nicholas Papa of Apulia, a skilled sailor who was sent by King Roger of Sicily to explore the bottom of the ocean, and reported seeing trees, valleys and mountains underwater.
Folk versions
In a version from Palermo, edited by Italo Calvino, Nick Fish spends all of their time swimming, until their frustrated mother curses them to turn into a fish. They instantly become half fish, with duck feet and a frog's throat. They appear to fishermen and warns them of upcoming storms, and also informs them of the marvels found at the bottom of the sea. A king hears of them and summons him, then gives them orders to swim around the island and explore the bottom of the ocean. The king sends them down on numerous dives around Italy. Nick Fish discovers that Messina rests on three columns, some of which are broken, and brings back hot and fresh water from springs in the ocean around Naples. Finally the king urges Nick Fish to explore a bottomless ocean chasm, despite their resistance. They throw their crown into the chasm and orders them to fetch it. Nick Fish reluctantly dives in. Some lentils they were carrying float to the surface, but they but never returns.
In another version, a boy named Cola or Nicholas is cursed by their mother to live in the water like a fish.  They are interviewed by emperor Frederick II. In order to test their abilities, the emperor drops a golden cup into the sea, asking Cola to retrieve it. Refusing at first, Cola finally attempts the dive and is never seen again. This version is set in Messina, and was recorded there by priests, and it spread to Barcelona when the Kingdom of Sicily was under the Crown of Aragon. It was first printed there, in a chapbook dated c. 1600.
Mallorca
In Mallorcan, the character is known as Peix Nicolau. Antoni Maria Alcover collected several versions. The story has a similar beginning with Nicolau's love for the water and their mother's curse. After becoming a merman, Nicolau explores the sea and eventually wishes to swim the dangerous Saluet between Santa Margarita and Arta, but drowns in the crossing. In other versions, they are sometimes referred to as the king of the sea. Every March they return briefly to the land to speak to sailors and see what has changed. In contrasting variants, catching sight of them was considered a bad omen; they would summon storms, and looking at their salt-reddened eyes could turn a sailor's hair white.
Analysis
In 1904, Giuseppe Pitrè published an in-depth study of the tale, finding it to be a popular and well-known tale across Italy and Spain. Different versions of the tale were set in different areas, named different historical kings, and had the king order Cola Pesce to retrieve a cup, ring or crown. In some places in Italy, Nicholas's name was used as a bogeyman to frighten children. There were also stories of a dugong named Nicola. The fish-man of Liérganes, another tale of a man who liked to swim and became part fish, may be comparable.
Pitrè compared other tales of retrieving a king's trinket from the water, including a tale recorded by Pausanias of Theseus retrieving King Minos's ring. Pitrè theorized that the tale was developed from legends of St. Nicholas of Bari, patron saint of mariners, who was described in many legends as calming storms and aiding sailors. Older inspiration may have come from sea gods like Neptune and folkloric water creatures like the Neck, Nökke or Nykur.
Tale type
In their 1961 revision of the international folktale index, American folklorist Stith Thompson grouped this cycle of stories, in the then Aarne-Thompson Index (henceforth, AT/AaTh), as tale type AT 434*, "The Diver and the Princess" and located variants only in Estonia. However, German folklorist Hans-Jörg Uther, in their 2004 revision, reformulated it as type ATU 434*, "The Diver (Cola Pesce)", of the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index, and singled out the previous Estonian variants as its own oikotype.
In popular culture
Friedrich Schiller's 1797 ballad "Der Taucher" ("The Diver") has been pointed out as a possible adaptation of this legend due to its strong similarities. However, Schiller was evidently unfamiliar with the name, perhaps indicating that they had heard a version where the main character was unnamed.
Robert D. San Souci's 1997 picture book Nicholas Pipe is based on Walter Map's version of the story. In the picture book, Nicholas Pipe is a merman who falls in love with a human woman, and they restore them to life with my tears.
References
Sources
"El peix Nicolau" (paper). Revista Sàpiens. Sàpiens Publicacions [Barcelona], núm.131, Juliol 2013, p. 14..
Further reading
Bronzini, Giovanni Battista. “COLA PESCE IL TUFFATORE: DALLA LEGGENDA MODERNA AL MITO ANTICO”. In: Lares 66, no. 3 (2000): 341–76. http://www.jstor.org/stable/44630395.
. "La métamorphose marine de Cola Pesce: mythe, folklore, littérature". In: Bulletin hispanique (Ejemplar dedicado a: "Métamorphose(s)": représentations et réécritures) Vol. 117, Nº 2, 2015, pp. 615-644. .
McManamon, John M. "The Medieval Profession of Free-Diving". In: Neither Letters nor Swimming. Leiden, The Netherlands: Brill, 2021. pp. 212–233. doi: https://doi.org/10.1163/9789004446199_011
Mesiano, Luisella (2011). «Identificazione infantile, adulta e senile di Benedetto Croce nella figura di Cola Pesce». In: Cuadernos de Filología Italiana 17, nº abril: 127-37. https://revistas.ucm.es/index.php/CFIT/article/view/CFIT1010220127A
Mondardini, Gabriella. “Le Acque Del Mare Come Luogo Del Limen: Riflessioni Intorno Alla Leggenda Di Cola Pesce”. In: La Ricerca Folklorica, no. 51 (2005): 75–83. https://doi.org/10.2307/30033275.
La leggenda di Cola Pesce. Una versione spagnola del secolo XVII. Ed. di Maria D'Agostino. Roma, Salerno, 2008.
External links
Heraldic beasts
Human-headed mythical creatures
Medieval legends
Mediterranean Sea in fiction
Mermaids
Nereids
Water spirits
Mythological human hybrids
Italian folklore
John Somerset Pakington, 1st Baron Hampton, (20 February 1799 – 9 April 1880), known as Sir John Pakington, Bt, from 1846 to 1874, was a British Conservative politician.
Background and education
They were born John Somerset Russell, the son of William Russell and Elizabeth Pakington, of the Pakington family of a Worcestershire family, sister and heiress of Sir John Pakington, the 8th and last Baronet Pakington of Ailesbury. Their birthplace was Slaughter's Court, Powick, Worcestershire.
Their father William Russell (1750–1812) was a barrister and magistrate, the son of a surgeon of Worcester of the same name, and first cousin of William Oldnall Russell, and had first been married to Mary Cocks, with whom they had a daughter Mary. They were left an orphan when their mother died in 1813: their half-sister Mary had married in 1806 the Rev. Henry Barry Domvile, and Domvile from 1811 had the living near Powick of Leigh with Bransford. John was educated at Eton College and matriculated at Oriel College, Oxford in 1818.
The second son, John became the heir when their elder brother William Herbert Russell died in 1819, and they left Oxford without a degree. In 1827 they fought a duel, over a matter concerning the Worcestershire Hunt. It took place at Kempsey, when they and John Parker, Master of the Hunt, fired at each other without injury.
John Somerset Russell assumed in 1831 by Royal Licence the surname of Pakington in lieu of their patronymic, having inherited in 1830 the estates of their maternal uncle Sir John Pakington, which they held jointly with the baronet's younger sister Ann Pakington. The estate included Westwood House, Worcestershire and Pakington moved there with their first wife Mary, in 1832.
Political career
Pakington had a family connection to Sir Compton Domvile, 1st Baronet, a Tory Member of Parliament in the 1820s and early 1830s, and the brother of Henry Barry Domvile who had married their half-sister Mary. They turned down the chance to stand as a reform candidate at the 1831 general election, instead speaking for the Tory Henry Beauchamp Lygon standing for . They were elected at the fourth attempt as the Tory Member of Parliament for Droitwich in 1837, a seat they held until 1874.
Pakington is considered a liberal conservative. They were first given office by Sir Robert Peel in 1841 and created in 1846 Baronet Pakington of the second creation, of Westwood in the County of Worcester.
1850s and 1860s
Pakington served under Lord Derby one-year administration, as Secretary of State for War and the Colonies in 1852. They announced the end of penal transportation to Van Diemen's Land, shortly to be known as Tasmania. They gave the green light to responsible government in New South Wales, which came about in 1855. Pressed by Charles Adderley, they granted New Zealand a constitution qualified by London's control of policy on indigenous peoples.
In opposition Pakington developed an interest in education reform. They were sworn of the Privy Council in 1852, and became a member of its Committee of Council on Education, which oversaw spending of public money on primary education. They introduced in 1855 an unsuccessful Education Bill which foreshadowed the Elementary Education Act 1870. As with Lord John Russell's previous effort, it foundered on the issue of Anglican schools that supposed nonconformist financial support.
With the Tories back in power, Pakington again held office under Lord Derby, as First Lord of the Admiralty from 1858 to 1859 and from 1866 to 1867. As First Lord they commissioned the first ironclad warship, HMS Warrior, launched in 1860. Following design work by John Scott Russell working with Baldwin Wake Walker, the time was ripe, given the French appointment of the naval architect Henri Dupuy de Lôme.
Under Derby and their successor Benjamin Disraeli Pakington was Secretary of State for War from 1867 to 1868. They were appointed a GCB in 1859. They chaired the Pakington Inquiry on education in 1865.
A butt of Derby's robust sense of humour, Pakington at a dinner in 1858 found themselves being toasted by Derby who proposed "Sir John Pakington and the Wooden Spoons of Old England", the parliamentary wooden spoon being given to the Member who voted the fewest times in a session. Another anecdote had them late for a Cabinet meeting and excusing themselves as having been "at Spithead", where naval reviews were held. Derby replied with a sarcastic pun on swell, meaning dandy as well as a form of wave.
1870s
In 1871 Pakington addressed the Social Science Congress, speaking on the "New Social Alliance", with which Disraeli was toying. The term referred to discussions being held between Conservative Party leaders and workers' representatives. They aroused hostility from Tory backbenchers; and George Charles Brodrick called it a "semi-communistic programme". Pakington had joined the ephemeral movement of John Scott Russell, signing with Stafford Northcote, Gathorne Hardy and some of the House of Lords a memorandum on social reform measures to be taken, the "seven points". In October, in an article "The New Social Movement", the Saturday Review commented:
The pompous announcement of an alliance between the aristocracy and the artisans bears traces of Mr. Disraeli's earlier manner; but a serious belief in the practicability in the present day of a limited and regulated socialism is only worthy of Sir John Pakington or of Lord John Manners. When Coningsby and Sybil were published, there had been no insurrection of a Paris Commune, nor had Mr. Mill and the Land and Labour League attacked directly or indirectly the right of property in land.
Pakington, by now unpopular with Tory leaders, lost their seat in the Commons in the 1874 general election, defeated on a large swing from 1868 by John Corbett, a local Liberal. They were raised to the peerage as Baron Hampton, of Hampton Lovett and of Westwood in the County of Worcester.
Other public appointments
Hampton served for many years as chairperson of the Worcestershire Quarter Sessions. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in June 1858. They were also President of the Royal Statistical Society from 1861 to 1863 and Chief Civil Service Commissioner from 1875 until their death.
Death
Lord Hampton died at their London home in April 1880, aged 81, and was succeeded by their son from their first marriage, John Slaney Pakington.
Family
They were three times married:
Firstly, in 1822 as John Somerset Russell, to Mary Slaney, daughter of Moreton Aglionby Slaney; they died in 1843.
Secondly, in 1844, to Augusta, daughter of the Right Reverend George Murray; they died in 1848.
Thirdly, in 1851, to Augusta Anne, daughter of Thomas Champion Crespigny MP, and widow of Thomas Henry Hastings Davies MP.
Their son John Slaney Pakington (born 1826) by the first marriage became the 2nd Baron Hampton; they had a son Herbert Perrott Murray Pakington (born 1846) by the second marriage, who became the 3rd Baron Hampton, and was father of Herbert Stuart Pakington who on their death in 1906 became the 4th Baron. There were no children of the third marriage.
References
Bibliography
Obituary New York Times 10 April 1880
The peerage of the British empire as at present existing. Page 31 Google Books
External links
1799 births
1880 deaths
People from Droitwich Spa
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Oriel College, Oxford
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
First Lords of the Admiralty
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Presidents of the Royal Statistical Society
Fellows of the Royal Society
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
Pakington, John
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Peers of the United Kingdom created by Queen Victoria
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Sanfrecce Hiroshima.
Club career
Dohi was born in Osaka Prefecture on April 13, 2001. They joined J1 League club Sanfrecce Hiroshima from youth team in 2019. On May 22, they debuted as substitute midfielder against Melbourne Victory FC at AFC Champions League.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Japan youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
J1 League players
Sanfrecce Hiroshima players
The first series of The Great British Sewing Bee started on 2 April and aired for four episodes concluding on 23 April 2013. The series was hosted by Claudia Winkleman and the judges were May Martin and Patrick Grant of Savile Row.
Sewers
Results and eliminations
Colour key
Sewer got through to the next round
Sewer was eliminated
Sewer won Garment of the week
Sewer was the series runner-up
Sewer was the series winner
Sewer withdrew
Episodes
Sewer eliminated Best Garment Winner
Episode 1
Episode 2
Episode 3: Semifinal
Episode 4: Final
Episode 5: Christmas Special
Semi-finalists Lauren, Sandra, Stuart, and winner Ann return for a Christmas special. Holiday projects include a table runner, embroidered Christmas napkins, and a Christmas stocking.
Ratings
All ratings are taken from BARB.
References
2013 British television seasons
The Great British Sewing Bee
Holy Trinity Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Hatfield, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded 1916. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
The parish was closed at the end of 2009.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
Holy Trinity - Diocesan information
Holy Trinity - ParishesOnline.com
Holy Trinity - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
See also
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Churches in Hampshire County, Massachusetts
Fu Che-wei born December 21, 1973 (Traditional Chinese: ; Tongyong Pinyin: Fù Ché-Wěi) is a Chinese Taipei professional pool player, nicknamed "the Draw Shot Prince."
Career
Fu made their first notable appearance when they finished among the top 32 competitors in the 2004 WPA World Nine-ball Championship (losing to Earl Strickland). They made a comeback at the 2006 event, they were eventually eliminated by runner-up Ralf Souquet in the semi-finals. The performance would win earn them a place in the following years event, but was eliminated in the second round to Mika Immonen.
Che-Wei reached the final of the 2012 WPA World Eight-ball Championships; defeating Huidji See in the quarter finals 9–4, and Liu Haitao 9–3 in the semi-final, before losing in the final to Chang Jung-lin 11–6. Fu has also competed at the WPA World Ten-ball Championships, reaching the last 16 in 2008.
Titles
2012 World Team Championship
References
External links
Fu Che-wei at AZBilliards.com
Living people
1973 births
Taiwanese pool players
Cue sports players at the 2002 Asian Games
Khaly Thiam (born 7 January 1994) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Turkish club Altay.
Career
Club
Thiam started their senior footballing career in 2012 in Hungary with Kaposvári Rákóczi, making 25 appearances and scoring 4 goals in two years with the Nemzeti Bajnokság I team; they also played 13 times for the team's reserves in the second tier Nemzeti Bajnokság II. In 2014, Thiam joined fellow Hungarian top-flight club MTK Budapest and subsequently made their debut on 26 July in a league match against Pécsi MFC. 47 appearances and 3 goals in their first two seasons came prior to them leaving MTK to complete a loan move to Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire on 4 May 2016. They scored one goal, vs. Philadelphia Union, in twenty games in the United States before returning to Hungary.
On 25 January 2017, Thiam joined Süper Lig side Gaziantepspor on a three-and-a-half year contract.
On 21 August 2017, Russian club FC Dynamo Moscow announced the signing of Thiam on a one-year loan deal from MTK Budapest (as Gaziantepspor did not activate a buyout option). The Dynamo contract included a buyout option. The loan was terminated on 12 February 2018 by mutual consent after Thiam failed to establish their position in the Dynamo squad.
On 14 February 2018, they were loaned to the Bulgarian club Levski Sofia until the end of the season. On 2 June 2018, Thiam was permanently transferred to Levski, where they established themselves as a regular starter. On 28 June 2020, they captained the team in the 2:1 away win over Beroe in a First League game, which had been announced beforehand to be their last match for the "bluemen".
In August 2020 Thiam joined Turkish club Altay.
Career statistics
Club
.
Personal life
In an interview for Hungarian media in July 2019, Thiam announced they had sent their documents for a Hungarian passport since they moved to the country at age 18 and their wife, with whom they have two kids, is also Hungarian, and they also showed a desire to represent Hungary at international level.
References
External links
Player profile at HLSZ
Profile in the official MLSZ database
Profile at Levskisofia.info
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dakar
Senegalese footballers
Association football midfielders
Kaposvári Rákóczi FC players
MTK Budapest FC players
Chicago Fire FC players
Gaziantepspor footballers
FC Dynamo Moscow players
PFC Levski Sofia players
Altay S.K. footballers
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Major League Soccer players
Süper Lig players
Russian Premier League players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Snoezelen or controlled multisensory environment (MSE) is a therapy for people with autism and other developmental disabilities, dementia or brain injury. It consists of placing the person in a soothing and stimulating environment, called the "Snoezelen room". These rooms are specially designed to deliver stimuli to various senses, using lighting effects, color, sounds, music, scents, etc. The combination of different materials on a wall may be explored using tactile senses, and the floor may be adjusted to stimulate the sense of balance. The person is usually accompanied by an aide or therapist.
Developed in the Netherlands in the 1970s, Snoezelen rooms (snoezelroom) have been established in institutions all over the world and are especially common in Germany, where more than 1,200 exist.
There is no evidence that Snoezelen is effective for the treatment of dementia.
Term
The term "Snoezelen" (pronounced ) is a neological contraction formed from a blend of the Dutch ('to snuffle, to sniff') and ('to doze, snooze').
Approach
Ideally, Snoezelen is a non-directive therapy, controlled by the client and not by the therapist. It can be staged to provide a multi-sensory experience or single sensory focus, simply by adapting the lighting, atmosphere, sounds, and textures to the specific needs of the client at the time of use. There is no formal focus on therapeutic outcome—the focus is to assist users to gain the maximum pleasure from the activity in which they and the enabler are involved. An advantage of Snoezelen therapy is that it does not rely on verbal communication and may be beneficial for people with profound autism, as it may provide stimulation for those who would otherwise be almost impossible to reach.
Snoezelen therapy relates to the interdependence of both the space (the physical environment) and the "client-centered" approach of the practitioner (the human environment). The specially designed sensory physical environment together with the input of the "enabling practitioner" initiates changes in arousal by affecting the relaxation process, reducing anxiety/pain (both physical and emotional). It aims to maximize a person's potential to focus on their own free will and to engage on a motivational stimulus (object, activity or person), and thereby to improve communication and functioning.
The defining principles of the MSE help the practitioner to focus attention on the basic elements of this approach. The following are the principles.
The experience takes place in a specific physical environment.
The attitude of the practitioners is "client-centered".
Stimuli must be controlled according to the client's needs.
The MSE is a medium for communication.
The sensory environment is neither positive nor negative.
The practitioner relies on the client's point of view. (Shapiro, 2010)
Research
Research on the benefits of Snoezelen treatment is scarce, with variable study designs.
A small research study carried out in Brussels compared the behavior of nine adult clients with profound autism in both classroom and Snoezelen settings. Though individual results varied, the study claimed a 50% reduction in distress and stereotypical behavior, and 75% less aggression and self-injury in the Snoezelen environment.
Usage
In 2021, multiple Snoezelen rooms were opened in Portugal. The first Snoezelen was opened to the public in the region of Algarve. It was created by the charity organization Espiral de Vontades which in 2017 started therapeutic treatment for the elderly. Early reception to the room was positive. The next room was created in Póvoa de Santa Iria by the Senior Club. They were testing it for a month before revealing it to the public, and also got good reception from patients. It is being used to calm patients with dementia, and also to release stress from patients as a result of COVID-19 lockdowns.
References
External links
Report on the use of a snoezelen room at Jackson Memorial Hospital, fall 2004
Therapy
Treatment of autism
USS Skate (SSN-578), the third submarine of the United States Navy named for the skate, a type of ray, was the lead ship of the of nuclear submarines. They were the third nuclear submarine commissioned, the first to make a completely submerged trans-Atlantic crossing, the second submarine to reach the North Pole, and the first to surface there.
The contract to build them was awarded to the Electric Boat division of General Dynamics on 18 July 1955, and their keel was laid in Groton, Connecticut on 21 July 1955. They were launched on 16 May 1957, sponsored by Mrs. Lewis L. Strauss, and commissioned on 23 December 1957, with Commander James F. Calvert in command.
Operational history
Skate conducted shakedown training out of New London, Connecticut until 29 January 1958, when they cruised to the Bermuda operating area, then returned to their home port on 8 February. Sixteen days later, the nuclear powered submarine set a course for the Isle of Portland, England. Before returning home, they had also visited ports in France and the Netherlands.
First visit to North Pole
On 30 July, Skate sought the Arctic where they operated under the ice for 10 days. During this time, they surfaced nine times through the ice, navigated over under it, and on 11 August, 9:47 pm EDT
(the week after ) became the second sea ship to reach the North Pole. Skate was unable to surface precisely at the Pole on the August voyage due to dangerous ice conditions as noted in the captain's 1960 book, Surface at the Pole: The Extraordinary Voyages of the USS Skate, where Calvert said, "Seldom had the ice seemed so heavy and so thick as it did in the immediate vicinity of the pole. For days we had searched in vain for a suitable opening to surface in." The closest was to make radio contact at the surface from a polynya around 30 nm away, but not to surface fully owing to the risk of damage from ice. Skate did manage to surface and make contact with Drifting Ice Station Alpha at 85ºN, 300 nm away.
After being denied access to visit Copenhagen in Denmark, they sailed into Bergen, Norway on 23 August. There they were inspected by king Olav V of Norway, US ambassador Frances E. Willis and minister of defence Nils Handal. The submarine made port calls in the Netherlands, Belgium, and France before returning to New London on 25 September 1958. In recognition of the dangerous and historic feat, the Skate and its crew were given the Navy Unit Commendation award for "... braving the hazards of the polar ice pack...."
Second visit to North Pole
While the Skate was unable to surface on its first voyage to the pole, on 17 March 1959, they became the first submarine to surface at the North Pole,. Calvert described the historic moment in their book, saying, "Slowly we blew the tanks and the Skate moved reluctantly upward. It was apparent we were under heavier ice here than any we had experienced before." While at the pole, Calvert and the crew planted an American Flag in a cairn they built out of ice blocks, and put a waterproof container in the cairn with a note commemorating the event. The crew also held a ceremony for the late Arctic explorer Sir Hubert Wilkins and committed their ashes at the pole. In 1931, Sir Hubert had conducted an Arctic expedition in the disarmed research submarine Nautilus (ex-). After reaching the Pole, the Skate continued its mission to pioneer arctic operations during periods of extreme cold and maximum ice thickness. When the submarine returned to port, they were awarded a bronze star in lieu of a second Navy Unit Commendation for demonstrating "for the first time the ability of submarines to operate in and under the Arctic ice in the dead of winter". In the fall of 1959 and in 1960, Skate participated in exercises designed to strengthen American antisubmarine defenses.
Skate returned to General Dynamics in January 1961 for a regular overhaul and to have their reactor refueled for the first time. They put to sea in August and, for the next 11 months, conducted exercises to increase the operational readiness of their crew.
Third visit to North Pole
On 7 July 1962, Skate again set course towards the North Pole. Five days later, , did likewise from Pearl Harbor. The two submarines made their rendezvous on 31 July. After meeting, they operated together for over a week. Both submarines surfaced at the North Pole on 2 August and official greetings and insignia of Submarine Force Atlantic Fleet and Submarine Force Pacific Fleet were exchanged.
Later years
Skate returned to New London and performed fleet and local operations for the next several years. They entered the Norfolk Naval Shipyard on 28 April 1965, the first nuclear submarine overhauled there, for nuclear refueling and installation of the SUBSAFE package. Skate was the first submarine to finish this major conversion program, which was instituted after the loss of in 1963. The process was not completed until September 1967.
After sea trials and a shakedown cruise in the Caribbean, the submarine returned to New London and participated in exercises involved in the development of new undersea tactics and equipment.
In October 1968, Skate was deployed to the Mediterranean where they operated with the Sixth Fleet for two months. The polar veteran operated under the Arctic ice again in March and April 1969, in October 1970, and in February 1971 . The remainder of them at sea time was spent in various Atlantic Fleet and NATO exercises. In July 1971, they began their third regular overhaul at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard and did not return to New London until 17 November 1973. In August 1974, Skate operated as a unit of the Atlantic Fleet.
In late 1977, Skate transferred to Pearl Harbor, where they joined the other three Skate class submarines as a member of Submarine Squadron 7.
Decommissioning
Skate was decommissioned on 12 September 1986, stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on 30 October 1986, and disposed of by submarine recycling at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard on 6 March 1995.
Awards
Skate received two Navy Unit Commendations and three Meritorious Unit Commendations during their career. The first Navy Unit Commendation was for the period 9–12 August 1958 and the second for the period 4 March through 6 April 1959. The Meritorious Unit Commendations were for the periods 24 March through 15 April 1969, 12 October through 18 November 1970 and 26 February through 9 March 1971. (Source – US Navy Unit Awards Webpage.)
References
Skate-class submarines
Nuclear submarines of the United States Navy
Cold War submarines of the United States
Ships built in Groton, Connecticut
Exploration of the Arctic
Arctic exploration vessels
1957 ships
20th century in the Arctic
North Pole
James Sharpe may refer to:
James Sharpe (Australian politician) (1868–1935)
James Sharpe (Canadian politician) (1846–1935), English-born pioneer and politician in Ontario
James Sharpe (Dutch politician) (born 1962), business person and athlete
James Sharpe (Jesuit) (1577–1630), English professor of scripture
James Sharpe (historian), University of York
See also
James Sharp (disambiguation)
Sharpe James (born 1936), politician from New Jersey
The 2022 Munster Senior Camogie Championship was run as a standalone competition in May 2022. It was not part of the 2022 All-Ireland Senior Camogie Championship. Cork were the defending champions. Cork beat Clare in the final. Cork's intermediate team beat Kerry in the Intermediate final. Clare beat Waterford in the Munster junior final.
Teams
5 teams took part in a knock-out competition.
Clare
Cork
Limerick
Tipperary
Waterford
Knockout Stage
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
References
2022 in camogie
Tomás Fernández Ruiz (born in Spain, 1915, date of death unknown) was a Cuban footballer.
International career
They were born in Spain and represented Cuba at the 1938 FIFA World Cup in France, scoring a goal against Romania
References
External links
1915 births
Year of death missing
Association football forwards
Cuban footballers
Cuba international footballers
1938 FIFA World Cup players
Spanish emigrants to Cuba
Footballers from Santander, Spain
Spanish footballers
In logic, logical form of a statement is a precisely-specified semantic version of that statement in a formal system. Informally, the logical form attempts to formalize a possibly ambiguous statement into a statement with a precise, unambiguous logical interpretation with respect to a formal system. In an ideal formal language, the meaning of a logical form can be determined unambiguously from syntax alone. Logical forms are semantic, not syntactic constructs; therefore, there may be more than one string that represents the same logical form in a given language.
The logical form of an argument is called the argument form of the argument.
History
The importance of the concept of form to logic was already recognized in ancient times. Aristotle, in the Prior Analytics, was probably the first to employ variable letters to represent valid inferences. Therefore, Jan Łukasiewicz claims that the introduction of variables was "one of Aristotle's greatest inventions."
According to the followers of Aristotle like Ammonius, only the logical principles stated in schematic terms belong to logic, and not those given in concrete terms. The concrete terms man, mortal, and so forth are analogous to the substitution values of the schematic placeholders A, B, C, which were called the "matter" (Greek hyle, Latin materia) of the argument.
The term "logical form" itself was introduced by Bertrand Russell in 1914, in the context of their program to formalize natural language and reasoning, which they called philosophical logic. Russell wrote: "Some kind of knowledge of logical forms, though with most people it is not explicit, is involved in all understanding of discourse. It is the business of philosophical logic to extract this knowledge from its concrete integuments, and to render it explicit and pure."
Example of argument form
To demonstrate the important notion of the form of an argument, substitute letters for similar items throughout the sentences in the original argument.
Original argument
All humans are mortal.
Socrates is human.
Therefore, Socrates is mortal.
Argument form
All H are M.
S is H.
Therefore, S is M.
All that has been done in the argument form is to put H for human and humans, M for mortal, and S for Socrates. What results is the form of the original argument. Moreover, each individual sentence of the argument form is the sentence form of its respective sentence in the original argument.
Importance of argument form
Attention is given to argument and sentence form, because form is what makes an argument valid or cogent. All logical form arguments are either inductive or deductive. Inductive logical forms include inductive generalization, statistical arguments, causal argument, and arguments from analogy. Common deductive argument forms are hypothetical syllogism, categorical syllogism, argument by definition, argument based on mathematics, argument from definition. The most reliable forms of logic are modus ponens, modus tollens, and chain arguments because if the premises of the argument are true, then the conclusion necessarily follows. Two invalid argument forms are affirming the consequent and denying the antecedent.
Affirming the consequent
All dogs are animals.
Coco is an animal.
Therefore, Coco is a dog.
Denying the antecedent
All cats are animals.
Missy is not a cat.
Therefore, Missy is not an animal.
A logical argument, seen as an ordered set of sentences, has a logical form that derives from the form of its constituent sentences; the logical form of an argument is sometimes called argument form. Some authors only define logical form with respect to whole arguments, as the schemata or inferential structure of the argument. In argumentation theory or informal logic, an argument form is sometimes seen as a broader notion than the logical form.
It consists of stripping out all spurious grammatical features from the sentence (such as gender, and passive forms), and replacing all the expressions specific to the subject matter of the argument by schematic variables. Thus, for example, the expression "all A's are B's" shows the logical form which is common to the sentences "all men are mortals," "all cats are carnivores," "all Greeks are philosophers," and so on.
Logical form in modern logic
The fundamental difference between modern formal logic and traditional, or Aristotelian logic, lies in their differing analysis of the logical form of the sentences they treat:
On the traditional view, the form of the sentence consists of (1) a subject (e.g., "man") plus a sign of quantity ("all" or "some" or "no"); (2) the copula, which is of the form "is" or "is not"; (3) a predicate (e.g., "mortal"). Thus: "all men are mortal." The logical constants such as "all", "no," and so on, plus sentential connectives such as "and" and "or," were called syncategorematic terms (from the Greek kategorei – to predicate, and syn – together with). This is a fixed scheme, where each judgment has a specific quantity and copula, determining the logical form of the sentence.
The modern view is more complex, since a single judgement of Aristotle's system involves two or more logical connectives. For example, the sentence "All men are mortal" involves, in term logic, two non-logical terms "is a man" (here M) and "is mortal" (here D): the sentence is given by the judgement A(M,D). In predicate logic, the sentence involves the same two non-logical concepts, here analyzed as and , and the sentence is given by , involving the logical connectives for universal quantification and implication.
The more complex modern view comes with more power. On the modern view, the fundamental form of a simple sentence is given by a recursive schema, like natural language and involving logical connectives, which are joined by juxtaposition to other sentences, which in turn may have logical structure. Medieval logicians recognized the problem of multiple generality, where Aristotelian logic is unable to satisfactorily render such sentences as "some guys have all the luck," because both quantities "all" and "some" may be relevant in an inference, but the fixed scheme that Aristotle used allows only one to govern the inference. Just as linguists recognize recursive structure in natural languages, it appears that logic needs recursive structure.
Logical forms in natural language processing
In semantic parsing, statements in natural languages are converted into logical forms that represent their meanings.
See also
Argument map
Fallacy
Logical fallacy
Informal fallacy
Categorial grammar
Sense and reference
Analytic–synthetic distinction
List of valid argument forms
References
Further reading
External links
Beaney, Michael, "Analysis", The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (Summer 2009 Edition), Edward N. Zalta (ed.)
IEP, Validity and Soundness
Abstraction
Analytic philosophy
Philosophy of language
Concepts in logic
Logical truth
Arguments
RTÉ Cór na nÓg (RTÉ Children's Choir in English) is an Irish children's choir. The choir is part of RTÉ Performing Groups.
History
The choir was founded in 1985 by RTÉ choral director Colin Mawby. As of 2018, the group had 62 members, with choristers ranging from the ages of 10 to 15. The group has performed at venues such as the National Concert Hall, the National Gallery of Ireland, Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin, and the 3Arena. Performances are sometimes made with the RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra and the RTÉ Concert Orchestra. The choir also sometimes appears on RTÉ Television and RTÉ Radio, with some radio work being done on RTÉ lyric fm. The choir have previously appeared on religious programmes on RTÉ One. Recordings have included Gerard Victory's Ultima Rerum, the CD/Video Faith of Our Fathers, Scenes of an Irish Christmas and a CD of Christmas produced for RTÉ lyric fm and the RTÉ Guide in 2005.
The choir have also performed at the Dublin International Organ Festival, various Opera Ireland productions, Opera Theatre Company's Cinderella and the Russian State Ballet's Nutcracker. During 2007 the group had 9 public performances, including one in Dublin Castle for an EBU Radio Assembly and Gustav Mahler's Symphony of a Thousand at the National Basketball Arena.
Every year, there is a large Christmas schedule. There is often at least one television appearance, as well as concerts. The choir host a concert in St. Ann's Church in Dawson Street annually. In 2008 they were the closing act on the Late Late Toy Show.
The choir have received positive reviews from several publications.
The choir is part-funded through revenue derived from the licence fee paid by households with televisions in Ireland.
The choir now also is involved in multiple youtube channels such as Cór na nÓg children's choir
See also
RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra
RTÉ Concert Orchestra
RTÉ Philharmonic Choir
RTÉ Vanbrugh Quartet
References
External links
Official Site
Choirs of children
Irish choirs
Musical groups established in 1987
Cór na nÓg
Mocis antillesia is a moth of the family Erebidae. It is found on the Lesser Antilles, Bahamas and British Virgin Islands.
References
Moths described in 1913
antillesia
Aguilar de Segarra is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, on the eastern edge of the comarca, in the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
Aguilar de Segarra has several notable buildings: the Castle of Castellar, the Castle of Aguilar, and the churches of Sant Andreu d'Aguilar, Sant Miquel de Castellar, Santa Magdalena de Còdol-Rodon, Santa Maria de les Coromines and Santa Maria del Grauet.
Demography
According to Spanish census data, this is the population of Aguilar de Segarra in recent years.
References
External links
Government data pages
Municipalities in Bages
Populated places in Bages
Save Me from Myself is the debut studio album by American rock musician Brian "Head" Welch. After failing to meet a July 2007 release, the album was released on September 9, 2008 by Driven Music Group. Tentatively, the album's working title was It's Time to See Religion Die, however, it was confirmed that its final title is Save Me from Myself.
Background and production
In February 2005, Welch left Korn which they helped form in 1993, saying moral reasons caused their departure. Welch stated they had distanced themselves from the band for one or two years, "I just wanted to fade away, it was crazy. I was so gone." Welch wished to rededicate their life to Jesus. Shortly after, Welch asked Korn's bassist, Reginald Arvizu, to produce the album, however, they received no response. While looking for a home in Arizona, Welch entered the recording studio. They immediately began writing; "entire songs would just come out: drums, bass, guitar, strings, choir, lyrics, everything... It was as if God was just downloading these songs inside me." After months of songwriting, "about three albums worth of material" had been created.
On the experience of working with other musicians again since their departure from Korn, Welch attests, "It's been a long time since I've connected with people musically and, now that the wounds have healed from my past addictions, I'm ready to feel the magic again."
Promotion
On June 5, 2008, Welch posted a video announcement on their website. The video announced that Welch had officially signed with Driven Music Group, and would release Save Me from Myself on September 9, 2008.
A three-minute sample of Head's first single, "Flush", was posted on Welch's website on June 16, 2008. The single was released on July 8, 2008 on the iTunes Store, and a music video directed by Frankie Nasso of Nova Entertainment was filmed in Los Angeles, and released on September 5, 2008. On August 26, 2008, Welch revealed the lengths of each song on the album.
Musical and lyrical themes
Welch wrote in their autobiography, Save Me from Myself, that ideas for lyrics and music often came from conversations with friends, including themes for "Re-Bel" and "Washed by Blood". The music has "a Christian, spiritual edge", while being an "extension of the Korn family". "I literally poured everything I had into Save Me from Myself," Welch explained in June 2008, "I know it's gonna inspire a lot of people."
The song "Flush", Welch explains, was written musically first. Welch had accidentally locked themselves in their studio, so they decided, "I'm gonna go back inside, grab my keyboard, and whatever my hands do, I'll make a song out of it." They had created the opening riff for "Flush". Lyrically, Welch cites, "the lyrics for 'Flush' are basically about flushing all the crap in life down the toilet and starting out fresh," Welch continued, "All the drama that I experienced with getting drunk and doing drugs all the time seemed interesting and amusing to write about."
Welch wrote "Re-Bel" after a friend told them about a child they knew with problems, due to poor treatment from their parents. The story reminded Welch of how they used to drink and not take care of their daughter when they should have. The lyrics of the song are about kids who run to God due to negative things in their life so that "He could bring healing into their lives".
Welch said that the title track, "Save Me from Myself", is their most personal song. The verses talk about Welch's drug use, suicidal thoughts, depression, and lying. Their favorite part "is when I'm screaming to God, thanking them for saving me from myself... and am I living for Him now."
Welch said that "Die Religion Die" has multiple meanings to him. The song "encourages people to get out of the whole 'Sunday Christian' mentality" and helps them understand that God "dwells in us", not "in buildings". They wrote in their autobiography, "All of the human-made religion crap in this world has to die. Whether it's Christian human-made religion crap or some other human-made religion crap, it all has to die." Welch continues to explain, "All that prideful, controlling religious crap is what drives young people away from churches, and it has to go."
"Washed by Blood" was written after a conversation with another friend, who asked them "isn't it cool that we're washed by blood?" over breakfast one morning. Welch wrote that they were referring to the Bible calling Jesus' punishment and bleeding on the cross as being "washed by blood". After their meal, "suddenly, this music came into their head".
Referring to the art theme of the cover of the album, Welch explained, "It represents me being trapped in addictions, and getting set free from it from the angel that is standing behind me."
Reception
Save Me from Myself has been generally well received by critics. Some praised the album's message, "Even though the music of Save Me from Myself isn't quite on par with the super hit material of Korn from the late '90s, it is nevertheless a very good nü-metal album with an amazing story of redemption." Andrea Goforth of Christianity Today stated, "The content is so much more positive that anything released by Korn, that I can look past the absence of hooks to find a great deal of hope." Hit Parader praised the musical aspect, stating, "though their lyrical messages may now be more positive and uplifting than anything found in the Korn hard rock catalogue, the style of music brought forth here is as heavy as anything Mr. Welch has ever presented before." The magazine went on to praise the album's lack of "preachy" messages, "throughout Save Me From Myself Head manages to present their inspirational messages without necessarily preaching their beliefs to the metal masses." About.com writer Chad Bowar stated that, "although many of the songs are slow in tempo they don't lack in intensity." Chad Bowar went on to mention the variety of musical styles on the album, "There is a lot of musical diversity, and you'll hear everything from melodic mainstream rock to traditional metal to very dissonant and unsettling harmonies." It has been proposed that the album has a distinctive sound, very reminiscent to Korn, but different in the matter that its uplifting.
The general praise of Save Me from Myself has not been unanimous, however. Reviewing for Metal Edge, Madeline Phillips felt that, "Sadly, in pursuit of greater spiritual understanding . . . Welch seems to have lost all sense of a relatable musical identity and direction," and that despite some noteworthy riffs and decent melodies, the album is "not just alienating - quite frankly, it's boring."
Save Me from Myself shipped over 7,800 copies in its opening week. It debuted at No. 27 in New Zealand, No. 63 on the Billboard 200, No. 7 on the Independent Albums chart, and No. 3 on the Christian Albums chart.
"Flush" controversy
The content of the music video has reportedly caused select retailers to pull Save Me from Myself from their shelves. This prompted Welch to provide their explanation for what transpires in the video:
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Brian Welch – vocals, lead and rhythm guitar, synthesizers, programming, producer
Archie J. Muise Jr. – rhythm guitar
Trevor Dunn – bass guitar
Tony Levin – bass guitar
Josh Freese – drums
Jennea Welch – vocals
Doug Angle – vocals
Christian McCullen – vocals
Elijah Jurewics – vocals
Hailey Cooper – vocals
Taylor Cooper – vocals
Greg Shanaberger – production supervisor
Mark Nawara – production supervisor
Carlos Castro – engineer
Randy Emata – editing, synthesizers, programming
Ralph Patlan – editing, mixing
Bruno Canale – engineer, guitar technician
Fernando Romay – engineer, guitar technician
Rafael Patrón – production coordinator
Patrick Essman – production assistant
Clint Keener – production assistant
Evren Goknar – mastering
Travis Smith – artwork, layout
Alonso Murillo – photography, photo editing
Bob Clearmountain – mixing
Release history
References
2008 albums
Brian Welch albums
Driven Music Group albums
Rykodisc albums
Warner Music Group albums
Houck's Chapel is a historic Methodist church located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1888, and is a small, rectangular frame church building. It is two bays wide and four deep and rests on a stone pier foundation. Atop the roof is a pyramidal roofed belfry. Also on the property is the contributing church cemetery.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Houck's Chapel has been restored by the Hickory Landmarks Society and is open for tours by appointment.
References
External links
Houck's Chapel - Hickory Landmarks Society
Hickory, North Carolina
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Churches completed in 1888
19th-century Methodist church buildings in the United States
Churches in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Museums in Catawba County, North Carolina
Winnebago County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 285,350 making it the seventh most populous county in Illinois behind Cook County and its five surrounding collar counties. Its county seat is Rockford. Winnebago County is the central county of the Rockford Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Winnebago County was formed on January 16, 1836, out of Jo Daviess and LaSalle counties. It was named for the Winnebago Tribe of American Indians. At the time the county was founded its inhabitants consisted almost entirely of New Englanders and New England transplants from upstate New York. These were "Yankee" settlers, meaning they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England during the early 1600s. They made up virtually all of Winnebago County's inhabitants during the first several decades of its history. In this regard the county was similar to most of the northern portion of the state of Illinois, and almost all of the neighboring state of Wisconsin. After the conclusion of the Black Hawk War there was an additional surge of immigration from New England. As a result of this heritage the inhabitants of Winnebago County considered themselves, and functioned as, a cultural expansion of early New England culture. In the Presidential election of 1860, Abraham Lincoln won 3,985 votes in Winnebago County, whereas Stephen A. Douglas only won 817 votes.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Rockford have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1982 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
Interstate 39
Interstate 90
U.S. Highway 20
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 2
Illinois Route 70
Illinois Route 75
Illinois Route 173
Illinois Route 251
Adjacent counties
Rock County, Wisconsin (north)
Boone County (east)
DeKalb County (southeast)
Ogle County (south)
Stephenson County (west)
Green County, Wisconsin (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 295,266 people, 115,501 households, and 76,854 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 125,965 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 77.4% white, 12.2% black or African American, 2.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 4.9% from other races, and 2.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.6% were German, 13.5% were Irish, 9.4% were American, 8.7% were Swedish, 8.3% were English, and 7.4% were Italian.
Of the 115,501 households, 33.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.3% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.5% were non-families, and 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 38.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,198 and the median income for a family was $59,814. Males had a median income of $48,358 versus $32,103 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,008. About 11.5% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Loves Park
Rockford
South Beloit
Villages
Cherry Valley
Durand
Machesney Park
New Milford
Pecatonica
Rockton
Roscoe
Winnebago
Census-designated place
Lake Summerset
Unincorporated communities
Alworth
Argyle
Harlem
Harrison
Kishwaukee
Latham Park
Seward
Shirland
Wempletown
Westfield Corners
Townships
Winnebago County is divided into these townships:
Burritt
Cherry Valley
Durand
Harlem
Harrison
Laona
Owen
Pecatonica
Rockford
Rockton
Roscoe
Seward
Shirland
Winnebago
Former Settlement
Camp Grant
Politics
Prior to 1992, Winnebago County was a Republican Party stronghold in presidential elections, only backing the Democratic Party candidates in the national landslides of 1936 & 1964. Since then, it has become a swing county, backing the national winner in every presidential election from 1980 to 2012. In 2016, Hillary Clinton won the county by only 89 votes over Donald Trump, affected by the relatively large third-party vote that year.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Winnebago County, Illinois
Winnebago County War Memorial
References
Specific
General
Further reading
Includes numerous photos of c. 1904 Winnebago County schools.
External links
Winnebago County Genealogy
History of Winnebago County
1836 establishments in Illinois
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
Populated places established in 1836
Pornography in Turkey has been produced since the 1970s. In fact, Turkey remains just one of three Middle Eastern countries (or Middle Eastern adjacent countries) where porn is not banned outright, countries like Lebanon and Israel are the others where pornography is legal.
According to a presentation on the "conscious use of the Internet and secure Internet service," made by the Telecommunications Department (TIB) of the Turkish Parliament, 2 million online users watch pornographic films each minute in Turkey. In 2015, Google found that Turkey had the eighth most porn searches in the world — trailing only its Muslim brethren Pakistan, Egypt, Iran, Morocco and Saudi Arabia (in first, second, fourth, fifth, and seventh, respectively).
Within xVideos' "Arab" category alone, there are more than 10,000 videos (7,000 of them are tagged as "Turkish"), which are overwhelmingly homemade — with the notable exception of Mia Khalifa's American-made work.
History
After a long period of producing Italian-inspired softcore comedies in the 1970s, the hardcore film Öyle Bir Kadın Ki was distributed in 1979.
Many more followed prior to the 1980 coup d'état, when the government strictly prohibited graphic sex in cinema. In the late 1990s, Turkish pornography experienced a minor renaissance, producing cheap, low quality material. Modern producers of Turkish porn are centered in Germany, though they still recruit their performers from Turkey.
Legal status
Production of pornography is legal in Turkey. However, the Turkish Penal Code imposes some restrictions. In addition to prohibiting child pornography, it also states:
226/4: Any person who produces audio-visual or written material containing sexual intercourse by using violence, or with animals, or body of a dead person, or performed in an unnatural manner; or engages in import, sale, transportation, storage of these materials or presents such material to other's use, is punished with imprisonment from one year to four years.
Courts have interpreted the unnatural manner clause broadly, sometimes including oral sex and anal sex in that definition. The article 226/7 provides exemptions for scientific works; and with the exception of child pornography, to works that have literary or artistic value.
Further, regarding the broadcasting of pornographic materials, the Turkish Penal Code states:
226/2: A person who broadcasts or publishes obscene images, printed or audio material or who acts as an intermediary for this purpose shall be sentenced to imprisonment for a term of six months to three years.
In May 2006, the government banned the four erotic television channels only from the Turkish satellite provider, Digiturk. The channels were: Playboy TV, Exotica TV, Adult Channel, and Rouge TV. The ban was instituted by the Radio and Television High Council. But yet Turkish people did access of banned website through VPN. On 9 August 2008, Edibe Sözen, an AKP MP, introduced a bill to ban the sales of pornographic images to anyone under the age of 16. The proposed bill also included a provision that anyone over the age of 16 purchasing such materials would be registered in a database via a Citizen Identification Number. The bill didn't become a law.
Further reading
References
Society of Turkey
The 2019–20 season is CSKA Sofia's 71st season in the First League and their fourth consecutive participation after their administrative relegation in the third division due to mounting financial troubles. This article shows player statistics and all matches (official and friendly) that the club will play during the 2019–20 season.
Players
Current squad
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Parva Liga
Regular Stage
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Championship round
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Results
Bulgarian Cup
UEFA Europa League
First qualifying round
Second qualifying round
Third qualifying round
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
|colspan="14"|Players away from the club on loan:
|-
|-
|colspan="14"|Players who appeared for CSKA Sofia that left during the season:
|-
|}
Goalscorers
Disciplinary Record
Includes all competitive matches. Players listed below made at least one appearance for CSKA first squad during the season.
See also
PFC CSKA Sofia
References
External links
CSKA Official Site
PFC CSKA Sofia seasons
CSKA Sofia
CSKA Sofia
António de Medeiros e Almeida (1895–1986), ComC; OB; ComB; GOMAI; GCMAI; OBE; OMC, was a Portuguese business person, industrialist, collector and benefactor. They created the Medeiros e Almeida Foundation to bequeath their collection of decorative arts to their country.
Youth and marriage
António de Medeiros e Almeida was born on 17 September 1895 in rua do Salitre (no. 405) in Lisbon, Portugal. They were the eldest son of João Silvestre de Almeida (1866–1936) and their wife Maria Amélia Tavares Machado de Medeiros (1870–1952), both from the São Miguel Island in the Azores.
Brought up in a prosperous household, António Medeiros e Almeida attended primary education in the Académica School. They went on to the Central Lyceum of Lapa in Lisbon (which gave rise to the Lyceum Pedro Nunes) and to the Passos Manuel Lyceum.
After high school, in 1914, they enrolled in the Faculty of Medicine of Lisbon. The following year they asked to be transferred to Coimbra, where they would carry out their military service. Towards the end of 1917, after having completed the third year of medicine, their interest in the business world made them give up medicine and travel to Germany for a work experience returning to Lisbon a year later.
On 23 June 1924 they married Margarida Rita de Jesus de Castelbranco Ferreira Pinto Basto (1898 – 1971) and moved to 134, rua do Salitre (the same street where they were born).
Businessman
Automobiles
In 1921 Medeiros e Almeida bought, along with a friend, their first car, a Morris Cowley. Passionate about cars, they participated in automobile races, namely in the circuit of Rampa da Pimenteira.
António Medeiros e Almeida decided early on to invest in the import of automobiles, an activity that was still in its beginnings in Portugal. They established contact with the English manufacturer William Morris (1877 - 1963), whom they asked for the consignation of the first cars. Having appreciated the young entrepreneur's pledge of their word as a guarantee, Lord Nuffield gave them a vote of confidence and they became, from 1923 onwards, the importer of Morris, Mg, Wolseley e Riley for Portugal, opening a stand - A.M. Almeida Lda. - in rua da Escola Politécnica 39-39A, in Lisbon to sell the cars. In 1926 they became the Morris exclusive importer for Portugal.
Initially, the business did not go exactly as the business person had hoped. English cars did not drive well on Portugal's cobblestone roads. An alteration in the cars' suspension in 1932, with the arrival of the Morris Ten model, led sales to soar and the business to prosper.
To provide after-sales assistance, they opened a Morris service station at Conde Barão garage and a parts and accessories store in the nearby area.
At 1955, A.M. Almeida was dissolved having been replaced by another firm with the same name, extended, now to other partners and intending to import other car brands beyond the Morris group. In this new company, António Medeiros e Almeida was no longer the figurehead, remaining, however, linked to this business: “…in 1955 I sold my fraction in the firm A.M. Almeida created by me, and I can say that the automobile business was the indicator and promoter of what is today the Medeiros e Almeida Foundation.”Later, in 1962, they were one of those responsible for the creation of the Citröen car factory, in Mangualde, of which they became chairperson of the board of directors.
Aero Portuguesa
An enthusiast of speed and technology, António Medeiros e Almeida was one of the pioneers of civil aviation in Portugal.
In 1941 as the administrator of Bensaúde & C. ª, they were one of five Azorean investors who bet on the creation of the Sociedade Açoriana de Estudos Aéreos Limitada (SAEAL), to create aerial connections between Lisbon and the archipelago (nowadays SATA).
In May 1948, they bought Aero Portuguesa, a regular air traffic company, founded back in 1934, that was struggling with financial problems.
Initially, Aero Portuguesa continued to chart an airplane from Air France, for the flights from Portugal to North Africa. Later, Medeiros e Almeida purchased this plane from Air France, for 38 thousand dollars, an irrefutable sum in a war-torn Europe.
After the purchase, they started to improve the passenger experience ordering, for the first time in Portugal, music and blue glass shields to be installed, so that passengers could enjoy the view without being disturbed by the sun. Aiming at maximizing the safety and comfort of its passengers, Medeiros e Almeida also hired, for the first time, a full cabin crew with a pilot, a co-pilot, a mechanic, a telegraph operator, and a flight attendant.
Despite the high profitability of their company, in 1953 Medeiros e Almeida decided to merge it with TAP (which had been created in 1945). Conscious that their sixty employees could be put in jeopardy and left destitute, Medeiros e Almeida set the condition that their employees were all to be hired by TAP. They would remain one of TAP's main shareholders and chairperson of the Board of Directors of the company, a position they would hold until 1960 when they decided to leave and transfer the capital they held to SATA.
Azores – Alcohol, Sugar, Bensaúde & C. ª
In the early 1940s, António Medeiros e Almeida was already a prestigious business person, who successfully managed their car company and the Azorean businesses inherited by their father's death in 1936, including participation in the União das Fábricas Açorianas de Alcohol (UFAA), factories that produced industrial alcohol and sugar from sugar beet molasses. In 1967, the business person founded SINAGA - Sociedade de Indústrias Agrícolas Açoreanas SARL, which had two factories on the island of São Miguel, Santa Clara (sugar) and Lagoa (alcohol), and was Chairman of the Board of Directors until their death.
Bensaúde & C. ª
As part of the business connection with the Azores archipelago, they dealt closely with Vasco Elias Bensaúde (1896 - 1967), owner of Bensaúde & C. ª, a business group founded in 1820, with which the Medeiros e Almeida family had business together. The spectre of a German invasion during the Second World War, lead Vasco Bensaúde, of Jewish origin, to offer a partnership to António Medeiros e Almeida. In 1941 they temporarily transferred the entire family business share to their friend, who assumed the role of managing partner of the company. At the end of the war, the shares were returned to their owners and later, in 1965, Medeiros e Almeida asked Vasco Bensaúde to find their replacement so that they could depart from the business world and dedicate themselves to the transformation of their house into a museum. Their departure from Bensaúde & C. ª would only take place in 1967, after Vasco's death.
“Funchal” steamer inauguration, Empresa Insulana de Navegação – António de Medeiros e Almeida and Vasco Bensaúde, February 1961
Over the twenty-six years they were at the forefront of this Azorean emporium, Medeiros e Almeida was responsible for the economic growth of the firm, simultaneously managing ”… twenty-one companies, all of them making a profit”.
Among these were the Açoriana de Transportes Aéreos (SATA), Banco Micaelense, Companhia de Seguros Açoreana, Fuel Oil Station, JH Ornelas & C. ª, Mutualista Açoriana, Varela & C. ª and Society of Coal and Supplies of Faial. The airport on the Island of Santa Maria, officially opened in 1945, owes its existence to the efforts of Medeiros e Almeida.
Hotels
In 1952, Oliveira Salazar, thinking that Lisbon lacked a large international hotel, asked the banker Ricardo do Espírito Santo Silva to take over the project. In 1953, SODIM was created by a consortium of Portuguese bankers and industrialists including António Medeiros e Almeida, Vasco Bensaúde, Manuel de Mello, António Manuel de Almeida, Caetano Sanguinetti Beirão da Veiga, Manuel Cordo Bulhosa and José Eduardo de Barros Guedes de Sousa to build the hotel.
The architect Porfírio Pardal Monteiro worked with others on the project, namely Jorge Ferreira Chaves and with the most famous visual artist of the time such as Almada Negreiros, Jorge Vieira, Querubim Lapa, Sarah Afonso, Lagoa Henriques, Carlos Botelho, Jorge Barradas and Fred Kradolfer who contributed to the hotel's interior design.
Medeiros e Almeida was also a partner of the CUF Group at SALVOR Sociedade de Investimento Hoteleiro S.A.R.L., a company established in 1963 and responsible for the construction of the Alvor Hotel in the Algarve, a project by the architect Carlos Ramos (1897-1969).
Honours
During the Second World War, António Medeiros e Almeida, became a personal friend of Sir Ronald Hugh Campbell (1883-1953), British ambassador to Lisbon between 1941 and 1947. Over this period, they helped their diplomat friend on several occasions, mediating the tensions between Winston Churchill and Oliveira Salazar over the negotiations regarding the Lajes airbase in the Azores. During this period Medeiros e Almeida allowed the English the use of the Azorean port terminals of Companhia Insulana de Navegação, as well as supplying their ships with fuel and reparation works.
In recognition of their help during the troubled period of the Second World War, King George VI decorated, in 1947, António Medeiros e Almeida with the Order of The British Empire.
In June 1951 Medeiros e Almeida was awarded the French Order of Commercial Merit - Mérite Commercial et Industriel - for their role with the Confederation of Flax and Hemp (Confédération Internationale du Lin et du Chanvre).
António de Medeiros e Almeida died in February 1986, a few months before their 91st birthday.
Portuguese Honours
• ComC - Commander of the Military Order of Christ (1941)
• OB - Officer of the Order of Merit (1941)
• ComB - Commander of the Order of Merit (1959)
• GOMAI - Grand Officer of the Order of Entrepreneurial Merit (1962)
• GCMAI - Grand Official of the Order of Entrepreneurial Merit (1969)
International Honours
• OBE - Honorary Officer of the Civil Division of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire (1947)
• OMC - Ordre du Mérite Commercial et Industriel, France (1951)
House-Museum
In 1943, António Medeiros e Almeida purchased a small mansion facing rua Rosa Araújo and rua Mouzinho da Silveira, where they planned to set up their home. They hired the architect Carlos Ramos to carry out the necessary renovations. They lived in this new house until 1971, at which point they decided to transform their home into a museum. The couple then moved to an adjoining house, designed by the architect Ventura Terra, which Almeida had acquired.
Seeking to decorate their home, Medeiros e Almeida purchased artworks from Portuguese and foreign antique dealers as well as national and international auction houses becoming, over time, a passionate collector of decorative arts: "Since my twenties, that is, since 1915, I became interested in antiques, which I started to acquire when I was 30 years old and when my possessions allowed (…)"Having had no children, and aware that their art collection had reached a level of significant importance, from the mid-60s onward, the Medeiros e Almeida couple entertained the idea of creating a museum to guarantee the preservation of their collection. To this end, they decided to make their collection and home available to the public. In 1968 Medeiros e Almeida commissioning the architect Alberto Cruz to expand their house over the garden and adapt the building so that it could become a museum.
The resulting museum displays a total of 27 rooms set out across two distinct areas: the “old wing” that was inhabited by the couple and left exactly as it was and the “new wing” containing themed rooms in which grand European interiors have been recreated.
The work of the house museum was to be completed in 1973 by the architects Frederico George (1915-1994) and José Sommer Ribeiro (1924-2006), the latter also taking charge of the museography project. When Medeiros e Almeida died in 1986, the installation of the Casa-Museum was completed.
To guarantee the accomplishment of their will, Medeiros e Almeida created a foundation. The bylaws were published in August 1972 and legalized in a public deed on 21 February 1973. The Foundation gives its name and donates all its movable and immovable assets.
Pragmatic and aware that, in the absence of financial means, its intentions could be compromised in the future, Medeiros e Almeida left in their will the guidelines for the Medeiros e Almeida Foundation to survive with its funds. To this end, they arranged for all companies to be sold and a rental property to be built on land adjacent to their house (drawer on rua Mouzinho da Silveira and rua Barata Salgueiro), previously acquired. The building was completed in 1992, and its lease constitutes the means of financing for the institution's operations.
The Casa-Museum opened to the public on 1 June 2001.
References
Portuguese businesspeople
Portuguese art collectors
Portuguese industrialists
Order of the British Empire
1895 births
1986 deaths
Chandan Arora is an Indian film editor and director in Bollywood, most known for their films, Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh (2005) and Striker (2010). They also won the Filmfare Award for Best Editing for Company in 2003.
Chandan Arora started as an assistant director in 1990, and later worked with director Ram Gopal Varma, as an editor in films like, Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya (2001), Road (2002), and Company (2003).
Eventually they made their directorial debut with, Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon in 2003, produced by Ram Gopal Varma and followed it up comedy, Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh (2005)
Filmography
Director
Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon (2003)
Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh (2005)
Striker (2010)
Editor
Mast (1999)
Jungle (2000)
Raju Chacha (2000)
Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya (2001)
Filhaal... (2002)
Road (2002)
Kehtaa Hai Dil Baar Baar (2002)
Company (2003)
Cheeni Kum (2007)
Karma, Confessions and Holi (2007)
Krrish 3 (2013)
Fandry (2013)
Ghayal Once Again (2016)
Ki & Ka (2016)
Pad Man (2018)
Mission Mangal (2019)
Jawaani Jaaneman (2020)
Awards
Filmfare Award
2003: Best Editing: Company
IIFA Award
2003: Best Editing: Company
References
External links
21st-century Indian film directors
Hindi-language film directors
Hindi film editors
Filmfare Awards winners
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Botswana sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the country's second time competing at a Summer Paralympic Games after making its debut at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. Botswana was represented by one athlete, Keatlaretese Mabote, a short-distance sprinter. They competed in one event, the men's 400 metres T12 competition, where they were eliminated in the heat stages because they were third in their heat and only the top two participants in a heat progressed to the semi-finals.
Background
Botswana made its second Paralympic Games appearance in Rio de Janeiro, with their Paralympic debut occurring twelve years prior at the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens. The country did not compete at the 2008 Summer Paralympics because its sole athlete Tshotlego Morama had an injury and the nation withdrew several hours before the 2012 Summer Paralympics because the Botswana National Olympic Committee cancelled its financial support due to financial irregularities. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Botswana sent one athlete to the Rio Paralympic Games, sprinter Keatlaretse Mabote, who was selected to be the flag bearer during the parade of nations in the opening ceremony.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Competing for the first time in the Paralympics, Keatlarete Mabote was 26 years old at the time of the 2016 Summer Rio Paralympic Games. They have a visual impairment and is classified as a T12 athlete by the International Paralympic Committee. Mabote attained automatic qualification to the Games because of their performance at the Tunis International Para Athletics Meeting in March 2016 where they won two bronze medals and met the "B" qualifying standard in athletics. They trained for two weeks in the South African city of Potchefstroom as part of their preparation for the Games. Mabote's training was hindered when their tattered running shoes had no studs equipped and was provided the incorrect studs only a day which were suited to middle-distance runners before their event in Rio de Janeiro. This meant their old running shoes had the new studs fitted to them. In an interview before the Paralympics, Mabote said they were positive about their chances despite the recent death of one of their siblings, "I want to be the first Motswana to bring the medal to this country and I have worked so hard for this." On 8 September, they competed in the men's 400 metres T12. Drawn to heat one, Mabote finished third out of four sprinters, with a new personal best time of 51.33 seconds. As only the top two in a heat could progress to the semi-finals, Mabote was eliminated from the competition. They were due to run in the men's 200 metres T12 on 16 September but withdrew because of a hamstring injury they sustained in Germany.
Men's Track
See also
Botswana at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Para
Manlio Busoni (1906–1999) was an Italian film and television actor. They were also a voice actor, dubbing the performances of other actors.
Selected filmography
Roma città libera (1946)
The White Primrose (1947)
The Street Has Many Dreams (1948)
Against the Law (1950)
In Olden Days (1952)
I, Hamlet (1952)
Too Bad She's Bad (1955)
Adorabili e bugiarde (1958)
Le inchieste del commissario Maigret (1964, TV series)
The Battle of El Alamein (1969)
The Assassination of Matteotti (1973)
References
Bibliography
Chiti, Roberto & Poppi, Roberto. Dizionario del cinema italiano: Dal 1945 al 1959. Gremese Editore, 1991.
External links
1906 births
1999 deaths
Italian male voice actors
Italian male film actors
Italian male television actors
People from Lazio
Compass Lexecon is a global economic consulting firm with headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. It provides analysis of economic issues for use in legal and regulatory proceedings, strategic decisions, and public policy debates. Compass Lexecon LLC was formed in January 2008 through the combination of Competition Policy Associates (COMPASS), founded in 2003, and Lexecon, founded in 1977, and operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of FTI Consulting, a global business advisory firm. Compass Lexecon has been ranked as one of the top competition economics firms worldwide.
Daniel Fischel is the chairperson and president. Jonathan Orszag is senior managing director. In May 2013, Compass Lexecon acquired Princeton Economics Group, which provides economic research, data analysis and testimony to law firms and corporations. Compass Lexecon has 23 office locations in the Americas, Europe, Middle East, and Asia.
Mentions
In July 2014, in response to an inquiry from the Federal Communications Commission, the National Association of Broadcasters cited a report by Compass Lexecon on the economic benefits of exclusivity rules. Compass Lexecon was also mentioned as one of the firms hired to evaluate the settlement accord offered by J.P. Morgan to investors of its mortgage-backed securities. In February 2015, The New York Times covered a report written by Daniel Fischel, which examined the implications facing academic institutions that divest fossil fuel-related stocks. The Wall Street Journal published an opinion piece by Fischel on the same topic. In May 2015, Compass Lexecon was named Competition Economist Firm of the Year by Who's Who is a Legal. Additionally, Compass Lexecon's Janusz Ordover, a Senior Consultant, was named as the 2015 Competition Economist Individual Expert of the Year. In the same month, a Compass Lexecon report "claim[ed] the Gulf airlines are not creating new demand, but siphoning off passengers from existing airlines." In May 2019, Compass Lexecon was ranked first in GAR 100 Expert Witness Firms' Power Index for the second consecutive year by Global Arbitration Review.
Practice areas
Compass Lexecon advertises expertise in the following practice areas:
Antitrust & Competition
Auctions
Damages
Derivatives & Structured Finance
ERISA Litigation
Energy, Healthcare
Intellectual Property
International Arbitration
Regulatory Investigations
Securities & Financial Markets
Telecommunications, Transportation
Valuation & Financial Analysis
Affiliates
Jean-Pierre Dubé
Jonathan F. Foster
David K.A. Mordecai
Glenn Woroch
Patrick Coen
Alexander Teytelboym
Alexandre De Cornière
See also
Analysis Group
Bates White
Berkeley Research Group
Brattle Group
Charles River Associates
Cornerstone Research
NERA Economic Consulting
Fideres
Frontier Economics
References
Consulting firms of the United States
Economics consulting firms
Law and economics
Neoism is a parodistic -ism. It refers both to a specific subcultural network of artistic performance and media experimentalists, and, more generally, to a practical underground philosophy. It operates with collectively shared pseudonyms and identities, pranks, paradoxes, plagiarism and fakes, and has created multiple contradicting definitions of itself in order to defy categorization and historization.
Background
Definitions of Neoism were always disputed. The
main source of this is the undefinable concept of Neoism which created
vastly different, tactically distorted accounts of Neoism and its
history. Undisputed, however, are the origin of the movement in the late 1970s Canada. It was initiated by Hungarian-born Canadian performance and media-artist Istvan Kantor (aka Monty Cantsin) in 1979, in Montreal. At around the same time the open-pop-star identity of Monty Cantsin was spread through the Mail Artist David Zack
(born New Orleans, June 12, 1938, died presumably in Texas ca. 1995) with the collaboration of artists Maris Kudzins and performance artist Istvan Kantor.
Schisms followed in the mid-1980s. Questions and concerns arose about whether the "open pop star" Monty Cantsin moniker was being overly associated with certain individuals. Later, writer Stewart Home sought to separate themselves from the rest of the Neoist network, manifesting itself in Home's books on Neoism as opposed to the various Neoist resources in the Internet. In non-Neoist terms, Neoism could be called an international subculture which in the beginning put itself into simultaneous continuity and discontinuity with, among others, experimental arts (such as Dada, Surrealism, Fluxus and Concept Art), punk, industrial music and electropop, political and religious free-spirit movements, science fiction literature, 'pataphysics and speculative science. Neoism also gathered players with backgrounds in graffiti and street performance, language writing (later known as language poetry), experimental film and video, Mail Art, the early Church of the Subgenius and gay and lesbian culture. Neoism then gradually transformed from an active subculture into a self-written urban legend. As a side effect, many other subcultures, artistic and political groups since the late 1980s have—often vaguely—referred to or even opposed Neoism and thereby perpetuated its myth.
Since the gradual disappearance of Neoism in the 1990s, brief offshoots have appeared including The Seven By Nine Squares, Stewart Home's frequent use of Karen Eliot (as well as Sandy Larson, Luther Blissett (nom de plume) and others) to replace Monty Cantsin as the embodiment of the open pop star concept. "This project... confuses the restrictions that both define and delimit individual identity.... Changing details, such as biographical particulars... are usually considered indispensable in securing the signature of an individual."
History
Neoism, as a name for a different context, was coined in 1914 by the American satirist Franklin P. Adams as a parody of modern arts. Sydney J. Bounds used the word as the name of a planet in their 1977 science fiction story No Way Back. In 1979, the name was reinitiated by Istvan Kantor (aka Monty Cantsin) for a subcultural -ism that grew out of the mail art network, particularly those parts of mail art that emphasized—rather than the exchange of artwork—alternative lifestyles, pranks, practical jokes, the use of pseudonyms and experimentation with identity In 1980 Monty spent two weeks at mail artist Ginny Lloyd's San Francisco Storefront., a one year living art project holding art events and installations in a storefront window. They lived in the space, compiled writings and launched their Blood Campaign.
Centered on the idea of the "open pop star" or multiple persona Monty Cantsin in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, New York, New York and Baltimore, Maryland in the United States . Neoism quickly spread to other places in America, Europe and Australia and involved up to two dozen Neoists. Until the late 1980s and before the mass availability of the Internet, the mail art network continued to be used as the main communication and propaganda channel for Neoism.
Neoists refer to their strategies as "the great confusion" and "radical play". They were acted out in semi-private Apartment Festivals which took place in North America, Europe and Australia between 1980 and 1998 and in publications which sought to embody confusion and radical play rather than just describing it. Consequently, both Neoist festivals and Neoist writing experimented with radical undermining of identity, bodies, media, and notions of ownership and truth. Unlike typical postmodern currents, the experiment was practical and therefore existential. Monty Cantsin, for example, was not simply a collective pseudonym or mythical person, but an identity lived by Neoists in their everyday life.
For these purposes, Neoists employed performance, video, small press publications (such as Smile, the international magazine of multiple origins) and computer viruses, but also food (Chapati), flaming steam irons and metal coat hangers (used as telepathic antennas). Borrowing from Thomas Pynchon, Neoism could be more suitably called an "anarchist miracle" of an international network of highly eccentric persons collaborating, often with extremist intensity, under the one shared identity of Monty Cantsin and Neoism.
In 2004 Neoism was cited by Javier Ruis in response to the National Assembly Against Racism's condemnation of anarchists disrupting the Third European Social Forum session on anti- m and anti-racism in London (PGA Considered As Neoist Invisible Theatre).
In the early 1980s, the Neoist Reinhard U. Sevol founded Anti-Neoism, which other Neoists adopted by declaring
Neoism a pure fiction created by Anti-Neoists. The Dutch Neoist Arthur Berkoff operated as a one-person-movement
"Neoism/Anti-Neoism/Pregroperativism". Similarly, Blaster Al Ackerman declared themselves a "Salmineoist" after Sicilian-American actor Sal Mineo, and John Berndt was credited by Ackerman as having given Neoism the name "Spanish Art," circa 1983. In 1989, following the post-Neoist "Festival of Plagiarism" in Glasgow, Scotland, artist Mark Bloch left mail art and after publishing "The Last Word" remained defiantly silent on Neoism for almost two decades. In 1994, Stewart Home founded the Neoist Alliance as an occult order with themselves as the magus. At the same time, Italian activists of the Luther Blissett project operated under the name "Alleanza Neoista".
In 1997, the critic Oliver Marchart organized a "Neoist World Congress" in Vienna which did not involve any Neoists. In 2001, the Professional Association of Visual Artists in the German city of Wiesbaden declared itself Neoist. In 2004 Istvan Kantor received the Governor General's Award, and an international "Neoist Department Festival" took place in Berlin.
Influences on other artists and subcultures
Notable artists who participated in Neoist apartment festivals include early street artist Richard Hambleton, writer and director Kirby Malone, media artist Niels Lomholt, visual artist Peter Below, media artist Bill Vorn, the filmmaker Michael Brynntrup and the model and actor Eugenie Vincent.
Neoist "play" such as multiple names, plagiarism and pranks were adopted, frequently mistaken for Neoism proper and by mixing in situationist concepts, by other subcultures such as the Plagiarism and Art Strike 1990-1993 campaigns of the late 1980s (triggered largely by Stewart Home after they had left the Neoist network), Plunderphonics music, the refounded London Psychogeographical Association, the Association of Autonomous Astronauts, the Luther Blissett project, the Michael K Project, the German Communication Guerilla, and, since the late 1990s, by some net artists such as 0100101110101101.org. Other artists who explicitly if vaguely credit Neoism are The KLF, Luther Blissett, Alexander Brener/Barbara Schurz, Lee Wells and Luke Haines (of The Auteurs and Black Box Recorder). The contemporary Dutch Artist Thomas Raat created a series of artworks based on Neoist manifestos and photographic documents.
Neoism is also mentioned briefly in David O. Russell's 2005 film I Heart Huckabees. Dustin Hoffman's character says the word under their breath in response to Jason Schwartzman's experience to "the blanket thing," which is a method of understanding the universe derived from being zipped up in a body bag.
The California-based tech-pop band Brilliant Red Lights also applies the word in the song "Neoism," the first track off their second album, Actualism. The band imagines a literal—albeit applicable—definition of the word, defining it as "the culture of the new."
In 2017, Istvan Kantor was featured in hiphop artists Future and The Weeknd's music video Coming Out Strong, prominently showing a tattoo of the word "NEOISM" on their head.
Selected books
A Neoist Research Project (2010), ed. N.O. Cantsin, London: OpenMute, , 246 pages; the first comprehensive anthology and source book of Neoist writing and images, documenting Neoist interventions, Apartment Festivals, definitions and pamphlets of Neoism and affiliated currents, language and identity experiments and Neoist concepts and memes.
Touchon, Cecil (2008). New and Improved Neoist Manifesto—a Trans-Lingual Edition. The Neoist Society in association with Ontological Museum Publications. . Features Touchon's trans-lingual Neoist Manifesto with commentaries by Monte Cantsin and Karen Eliot.
See also
Artivism
References
External links
SMILE No.40 Neo-Neoism Special
Neoist site
The Neoist Society
A Mere Outline of a Neoist Thesaurus
Anti-Neoist site
[Bloch, Mark. http://panmodern.com/neoism.html Pan-Neoist manifesto from "C-NILE", a reluctant parody of Smile]
[Bloch, Mark. http://panmodern.com/plagiarism.html Pan-Neoist reflections on the 1989 post-Neoist "Festival of Plagiarism" Notes on a Festival of Plagiarism. (Excerpted from "The Last Word: Art Strike, Word Strike, Plagiarism and Originality," 1990)]
Neoism node in everything2.com
Neoist Manifestos
Neoism News on Instagram
Political art
Fareva is a French pharmaceutical company, with annual revenues of $1.6 billion in 2018, founded and 100% owned by Bernard Fraisse, a French billionaire business person.
It was founded in 1985, and the company now employs 12,500 people. Fareva is the largest contract manufacturing organization (CMO) in France and of the top five pharmaceutical contract manufacturing organizations in the world. It has over 12,500 employees working in 40 different production sites.
In 2020 the company acquired two biologics facilities from Pierre Fabre; an oncology injectable plant in Pau, Southwest France and a monoclonal antibody (mAb) production facility in Saint-Julien-en-Genevois on the French-Swiss border.
The company is headquartered in Tournon-sur-Rhône, Ardèche, France.
References
External links
Pharmaceutical companies of France
Pharmaceutical companies established in 1985
1985 establishments in France
French brands
Companies based in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Centre Square is an office complex in Center City, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. The complex consists of two concrete high-rise towers: the Centre Square I (also known as Centre Square East) and the Centre Square II (Centre Square West)—respectively, the 24th- and 15th-tallest buildings in Philadelphia. Designed by Vincent Kling & Associates in the 1960s, Centre Square opened in 1973. The complex is credited with shifting Philadelphia's downtown office district from South Broad Street to West Market Street. A tenant since 1975, management consulting firm Willis Towers Watson is Centre Square's largest tenant.
The complex is best known for Claes Oldenburg's sculpture, Clothespin, in the plaza in front of the building. A fan of contemporary art, developer Jack Wolgin commissioned three works under Philadelphia's percent for art program: Clothespin, Jean Dubuffet's Milord la Chamarre, and a series of banners by Alexander Calder. The works helped Philadelphia gain a reputation for promoting public art.
History
In the 1960s, Wolgin began development of a two-tower high-rise complex in the West Market Street neighborhood of Philadelphia. Existing structures at the site were demolished in 1969 after the city condemned the structures using eminent domain. With the project over budget, Centre Square was redesigned just before construction was scheduled to begin. Originally intended to be two steel high rises, the redesign used concrete instead. Unlike similar projects in the city, the entire complex was constructed all at once. The US$80-million Centre Square opened in 1973 with First Pennsylvania Bank as the lead tenant. Centre Square is credited with shifting Philadelphia's downtown office district from South Broad Street to West Market Street.
The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (MetLife) had an ownership stake in the complex ever since Centre Square was constructed and in 1992 became the sole owner. Wolgin sold their stake in the complex in the early 1980s, and a partnership led by Metropolitan Life of Virginia took control of the complex around 2000. In 2002 MetLife put the property up for sale, and in October of that year HRPT Properties Trust bought Centre Square for US$183.5 million plus closing costs. With the acquisition of Centre Square, HRPT Properties Trust (now called Equity Commonwealth) began an improvement and renovation plan for the complex. Improvements included modernization of its elevator, air conditioning, and safety systems. Architectural firm Daroff Design Inc.'s plans included cleaning the structures and a redesign of parts of the atrium and the plaza in front of the building.
In July 2017, New York-based Nightingale Properties purchased the buildings for $328 million, at the time the record for a multi-tenant property in Philadelphia.
Architecture
Consisting of two concrete high-rise towers connected by an atrium, the Centre Square is located on Market Street between 15th and 16th Streets in Center City. Located just across 15th Street west of Philadelphia City Hall, Centre Square was designed by Vincent Kling & Associates. The complex was one of several buildings designed by Kling that surround City Hall. These buildings, including the Municipal Services Building and One Meridian Plaza, are collectively nicknamed "The Klingdom".
The smaller of the two towers, the 32-story east tower or Centre Square I is tall. The 40-story west tower, Centre Square II, located at the corner of Market and 16th Streets, stands tall. the two are the 24th- and 15th-tallest buildings in Philadelphia, respectively. The four-story atrium connecting the two high rises is topped by a domed skylight and the floors are connected by a triangular elevator. During renovations in 2008, a tower of changing light pipes replaced the elevator tower's marble encasement. The plaza in front of Centre Square at the corner of Market and 15th Streets has access to Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority's (SEPTA) 15th Street Station.
Art
Centre Square has been the home to numerous works of contemporary art. Until the company left in the mid-1980s, Arco Chemical Co., whose headquarters was in Centre Square, had a large collection of contemporary art displayed throughout the complex. Philadelphia has a percent for art program, which requires that a percentage of construction costs be allocated for art. A fan and collector of contemporary art, developer Jack Wolgin had three pieces commissioned to fulfill the ordinance. The most famous piece is Claes Oldenburg's Cor-Ten and stainless steel sculpture, Clothespin. Located atop the subway entrance in the plaza in front of the building, Centre Square is best known because of Clothespin and is often called the Clothespin Building. Wolgin's lawyer said the lead tenant, the First Pennsylvania Bank, had requested a conventional statue of a general on a horse, but Wolgin said, "No. You're getting a clothespin." A second sculpture was also commissioned. The steel sculpture Milord la Chamarre by Jean Dubuffet was placed in the atrium. In the mid-1980s the interior was renovated and Milord la Chamarre was moved outside on Market Street. Also commissioned were eight banners by Alexander Calder. The banners, ranging from to , were hung from the atrium ceiling and had colorful sun, flower, moon and night designs. The dyed cotton and silk banners, the only banners Calder ever designed, were removed during the renovations in the 1980s and were subsequently lost. After pressure from the Philadelphia Redevelopment Authority art program to search for the banners, they were discovered in a storeroom in the early 2000s. In 2009 some of the banners were put on temporary display at the Free Library of Philadelphia while the Redevelopment Authority works to find a place to have them displayed permanently.
Wolgin said their goal in commissioning the three pieces of art was "to provide art that would enhance Philadelphia by integrating into the daily life of those who live or work in the city the joy and inspiration derived from great art". Former head of the Redevelopment Authority art program Mary Kilroy said the art installed at Centre Square was the point when Philadelphia began to build its reputation as a great promoter of public art. In association with the Mural Arts Program, CommonWealth REIT is installing a glass mosaic mural below the Clothespin at the underground entrance to Centre Square. Made by Miriam Singer and Emilie Ledieu, the mural is intended to represent the geographies of the people who pass through the plaza and is expected to be completed in November 2011.
Tenants
Saul Ewing leases on the 36th, 37th, and 38th floors of Centre Square II. The law firm has made the building its headquarters since shortly after the building opened. Cable company Comcast made the Centre its headquarters from 1991 to 2007. Comcast moved into the complex after a fire seriously damaged its former headquarters at One Meridian Plaza across the street. It left Centre Square for its new headquarters in the Comcast Center despite attempts by HRPT Properties Trust to convince them to stay. In 1999, Lincoln National Corporation moved from Fort Wayne, Indiana to Centre Square. The company makes in the west tower its headquarters despite moving 400 employees, including its top management, outside of Philadelphia and into Radnor Township, Pennsylvania in 2007. Law firm Conrad O'Brien also leases space in the west tower. It leased on the 39th and 40th floors in 2011. A restaurant called Top of Centre Square was located in Centre Square II. Located on the top floor, it was the highest restaurant in the city's history and closed in 1993.
For many years, one of the largest tenants was the management consulting firm Willis Towers Watson. Predecessor Towers Perrin had offices in Centre Square since 1975 and grew to square feet in the east tower. In 2019, Willis Towers Watson vacated its space at the property in favor of 1735 Market.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Philadelphia
References
External links
CommonWealth REIT site
Emporis
SkyscraperPage
Office buildings completed in 1973
Skyscraper office buildings in Philadelphia
Twin towers
Center City, Philadelphia
Comcast
Radosław Pruchnik (born 11 October 1986) is a Polish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Club
In June 2011, they joined ŁKS Łódź on a two-year contract.
On 28 February 2017 they were loaned to GKS Tychy. On 18 July 2018, they were announced to be the Legia Warsaw II player.
References
External links
Living people
1986 births
Polish footballers
ŁKS Łódź players
Flota Świnoujście players
Amica Wronki players
Arka Gdynia players
Górnik Łęczna players
GKS Tychy players
Legia Warsaw II players
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
II liga players
III liga players
Footballers from Warsaw
Association football midfielders
The pate à bombe is a base used in pastry to pasteurized eggs to be used in cold preparations (tiramisu, mousse, semifreddo). It consists of a whipping of egg yolks to which a syrup of water and sugar cooked at 120 °C is added. It spread in Italy in 1978 thanks to Domenico Cuofano pastry chef of the Swiss school.
References
French desserts
Time Team Live is a British television series that airs on Channel 4. The first programme was shown in 1997 and the most recent was in 2006. Presented by the actor Tony Robinson and guest presenters, this is a live version of the archaeology series Time Team, showing more of what happens in real time, than when the cut-down episode airs on Channel 4.
Background
Time Team Live episodes came from historically important sites. Instead of showing a 'best of' show, the live episodes were broadcast whilst the digs were actually taking place. Later, regular episodes were made from the best of the live episodes. Normally, regular sites were recorded in the same method, however, only a few were selected for live broadcast. The regular episodes were either a special, or a normal series episode.
Episodes
Series 1 (1997)
Guest presented by Sandi Toksvig and Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall alongside Robinson. Edited into Time Team series 5, episode 4.
Series 2 (1998)
Guest presented by Sandi Toksvig and Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall alongside Robinson. Edited into Time Team series 6, episode 11.
Series 3 (1999)
Guest presented by Sandi Toksvig and Paul Thompson alongside Robinson. Edited into Time Team series 7, episode 13, "York".
Series 4 (2000)
Guest presented by Sandi Toksvig and Liza Tarbuck alongside Robinson. Edited into Time Team series 8, episode 12, "Three Tales of Canterbury".
Series 5 (2001)
Guest presented by Sandi Toksvig and Alice Roberts alongside Robinson. Edited into Time Team series 9, episode 13, "Seven Buckets and a Buckle".
The Big Dig (2003)
Time Team's Big Dig was an expansion on the live format. A weekend of live broadcasts in June 2003 was preceded by a week of daily short programmes. It involved about a thousand members of the public in excavating test pits each one metre square by fifty centimetres deep. Most of these pits were in private gardens and the project stirred up controversies about approaches to public archaeology. Edited into a Time Team special, "Big Dig, The Hole Story".
Big Roman Dig (2005)
Time Team's Big Roman Dig (2005) saw the "Big dig" format altered, in an attempt to avoid previous controversies, through the coverage of nine archaeological sites around the UK which were already under investigation by professional archaeologists. Time Team covered the action through live link-ups based at a Roman Villa at Dinnington in Somerset – itself a Time Team excavation from 2003. Over 60 other professionally supervised excavations were supported by Time Team and carried out around the country in association with the programme. A further a hundred activities relating to Roman history were carried out by schools and other institutions around the UK.
Material from the Big Roman Dig relating to the Roman villa site at Dinnington, Somerset; along with material from the earlier episode at the same site - Time Team series 10, episode 2 "Mosaics, Mosaics, Mosaics" - was used in a Time Team Special, "The Big Roman Villa".
2005 Extras
Big Royal Dig (2006)
Edited into a Time Team special, "Big Royal Dig".
More4 Extras
See also
List of Time Team episodes
Time Team Specials
Time Team Others
References
External links
Time Team at Channel4.com
Time Team Live 1997 Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
Time Team Live 2000 Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
Time Team Live 2001 Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
Big Dig Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
Big Roman Dig Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
Big Royal Dig Channel4.com "microsite" (archived)
The Unofficial Time Team site Fan site (archived)
Time Team Teatime: Session 6 – 3rd May 2020, discussing Time Team Live 1998
Time Team Teatime: Session 24 – 27th September 2020, discussing Time Team Live 1999
1997 British television series debuts
2006 British television series endings
Channel 4 original programming
Time Team
Julio César Fonseca is a retired Honduran football player who played for Marathón in the 1960s.
Club career
Nicknamed Cucaracha, Fonseca scored 19 league goals for Marathón. They were a member of the so-called La Trinca Infernal (The Infernal Lashing), along with Mario Caballero and Mauro Caballero.
Retirement
In 1974, Fonseca retired from professional football after Mario, one of their teammates at Marathón, had an accident which leave them invalid.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Honduran footballers
Honduras international footballers
C.D. Marathón players
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Association football wingers
Slon may refer to:
Elephant in many Slavic languages
Slon, a village in Cerașu Commune, Prahova County, Romania
Slon.ru, a Russian magazine
Russian abbreviation of the Solovki prison camp (Соловецкий лагерь особого назначения)
Slon (album) an album by the Chicago Underground Trio
People with the surname
Claudio Slon (1943–2002), Brazilian jazz drummer
Sidney Slon (1910-1995), Radio scriptwriter for many popular radio shows such as The Shadow and Dick Tracy
Viviane Slon, paleogeneticist
Leonard Levy (8 May 1939 – 11 April 2014) was a Jamaican cricketer. They played fifteen first-class matches for Jamaica between 1961 and 1974.
References
External links
1939 births
2014 deaths
Jamaican cricketers
Jamaica cricketers
Cricketers from Kingston, Jamaica
Shirley Fields Cooper (born December 8, 1943) is a former teacher and Democratic politician. First elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1982 after serving on the York County Board of Supervisors, they remained in the chamber for seven full terms before being defeated for reelection by real estate broker Jo Ann Davis in 1997.
References
External links
1943 births
Virginia Democrats
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
20th-century American politicians
Christopher Newport University alumni
Living people
People from Southern Pines, North Carolina
José Enrique Sánchez Díaz (born 23 January 1986), known as José Enrique, is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a left-back.
Starting their career with Levante, José Enrique was signed by their rivals Valencia and made La Liga appearances for Celta Vigo and Villarreal. They then spent nine years in England with Newcastle United and Liverpool, totalling 161 Premier League appearances. With the latter club, they won the Football League Cup and lost the FA Cup final in 2012. They retired through injury in 2017, after a year back in Spain with Real Zaragoza.
Club career
Early life and career
José Enrique was born in Valencia. They began their football career at hometown club Levante before being acquired by rivals Valencia, who sent them to Celta Vigo for a season-long loan. At the conclusion of this loan spell, they were signed by Villarreal in 2006.
Newcastle United
On 6 August 2007, José Enrique signed for English Premier League club Newcastle United for a fee believed to be £6.3 million. They signed a five-year contract with the club. They made their Newcastle debut on 29 August against Barnsley in which they played the full 90 minutes in a 2–0 victory, and their Premier League debut as a substitute against West Ham United on 23 September.
José Enrique's performances were rewarded when they were made the official Newcastle United Player of the Season for 2009–10, voted for by the fans. They also achieved the accolade of being named in the PFA Team of the Year alongside Newcastle teammates Fabricio Coloccini, Kevin Nolan and Andy Carroll. José Enrique scored their only goal for the club in a 2–0 league win over Nottingham Forest on 29 March 2010. They made 36 Premier League appearances for Newcastle in the 2010–11 season.
Liverpool
On 12 August 2011, José Enrique signed for Liverpool for a reported fee of £6 million. They made their debut two days later in Liverpool's first game of the 2011–12 Premier League season, starting in a 1–1 draw against Sunderland. On 26 February 2012, they helped Liverpool win the 2012 Football League Cup Final against Cardiff City, their first honour since 2006. On 1 April, they were forced to play as a goalkeeper for the remaining 13 minutes of the match at their old club Newcastle after Pepe Reina was sent off for headbutting James Perch. Although José Enrique kept a clean sheet, Liverpool, being down 2–0 at the time of Reina's red card, failed to level the score. They also played in the 2012 FA Cup Final on 5 May, a 2–1 loss to Chelsea.
On 17 November 2012, in a league match against Wigan Athletic, José Enrique scored their first goal for Liverpool in the 65th minute, having been increasingly reinvented as a left wing-back in a 3–5–2 formation under manager Brendan Rodgers. On 1 October 2014, they made their UEFA Champions League debut for Liverpool against Basel in Switzerland, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–0 defeat.
In their final three seasons at Liverpool, José Enrique made only 21 total appearances, 12 of which were in the league. They were hampered by a persistent injury to their right knee, and the side-effects of medication to deal with it. They captained the club in their final appearances, against Exeter City in the FA Cup in January 2016. José Enrique was released by Liverpool at the end of the 2015–16 season.
Real Zaragoza
On 7 September 2016, José Enrique signed for Segunda División club Real Zaragoza on a two-year contract. They made their debut on 8 October, playing the full 90 minutes of a 2–1 loss away to Sevilla Atlético, and scored their first goal on 5 November in a 2–2 draw away to RCD Mallorca.
On 6 September 2017, José Enrique announced their retirement from football due to a persistent knee injury.
Personal life
José Enrique was diagnosed with chordoma, a rare brain tumour, in May 2018. On 23 June 2018, they announced that they were recovering from surgery to remove a brain tumour. They stated, "I am now in recovery and so thankful. Life is too precious." In April 2019, they received the all-clear.
Career statistics
Honours
Newcastle United
Football League Championship: 2009–10
Liverpool
Football League Cup: 2011–12
FA Cup runner-up: 2011–12
Individual
PFA Team of the Year: 2009–10 Championship
Newcastle Player of The Year: 2010
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Valencia (city)
Spanish footballers
Association football defenders
Atlético Levante UD players
Valencia CF players
RC Celta de Vigo players
Villarreal CF players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Liverpool F.C. players
Real Zaragoza players
Segunda División B players
La Liga players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Segunda División players
FA Cup Final players
Spain youth international footballers
Spain under-21 international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Outfield association footballers who played in goal
is a male Japanese novelist originally from Shimizu-ku, Shizuoka, Japan, though they now live in Osaka, Japan. As of 2006, they work for Aquaplus, known for being the publishing company of Leaf. Before going to Leaf, Suzumoto worked at the publishing company VisualArt's as a scenario writer for brands under the company.  They are notable for having had a hand in the production of three Key visual novels: Air, Clannad, and Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet.
Career
After graduating from high school Shizuoka Prefecture Shitsu Shimizu East High School, Suzumoto entered a novel they wrote called into Shueisha's sixteenth Cobalt Novel Prize in 1991 and won first prize. The following year in March 1992, Shueisha published Suzumoto's novel under their Cobalt Bunko label. In 1998, Suzumoto's novel tied in second in the tenth Japan Fantasy Novel Award competition. In 1999, Key released their first visual novel Kanon; the game had such an impact on Suzumoto that they joined VisualArt's, the publishing company Key is under, in February 2000 to work as a scenario writer for brands under the company.
Suzumoto first worked on the scenario for Air, Key's second game released in 2000, and that same year worked as a scenario assistant for Mamahaha Chōkyō by Giant Panda. In 2001, Suzumoto again worked as a scenario assistant for Giant Panda for their game Shoyakenjō, and started work on Key's next game Clannad which was not released until 2004. Also in 2001, Suzumoto was employed as the scenario assistant for the game Sakura no Ki Shita de for the brand Words which was released in 2002, and that year they began work as the scenario assistant for Studio Mebius' Snow released in 2003. Also in 2003, Suzumoto worked as the scenario assistant again for Giant Panda for their game Oshikake Princess released in 2004. After completing their work on Clannad, Suzumoto's last contribution to Key was as the scenario writer for Planetarian: The Reverie of a Little Planet released in 2004. Suzumoto continued to work with brands under VisualArt's until September 2005 when they resigned from the company. Suzumoto wrote a style guide entitled published on July 24, 2006 by Shuwa System which describes how to write scenarios for visual novels. In September 2006, Suzumoto entered the publishing company Aquaplus, known for being the parent company to Leaf. In December 2006, Suzumoto's first light novel Die Nachtjäger was published by SoftBank under their GA Bunko imprint.
References
External links
Yūichi Suzumoto's personal website
1969 births
Japanese video game designers
Key (company)
Light novelists
Living people
People from Shizuoka (city)
Alan Calvert (1875 – June 24, 1944) was an American weightlifter, business person, magazine publisher, and the author of several books. They were the founder of one of the first barbell companies in the world and one of the first strength-training magazines in the United States.
Life
Calvert was born in 1875. They became a weightlifter after reading A Natural Methodist of Physical Training by Edwin Checkley.
Calvert founded one of the earliest barbell companies in the world, the Milo Bar-bell Company, in Philadelphia in 1902. They were the founding publisher of Strength, one of the first strength-training magazines in the United States, from 1914 to 1920. In 1919, they sold both the Milo Bar-bell Company and Strength magazine to Richard L. Hunter and Daniel G. Redmond in 1919. In 1932, the company was purchased by Bob Hoffman, who renamed it the York Barbell.
Calvert wrote several books about weightlifting. In their writings, they promoted progressive strength training, and they argued: "There is no greater asset in the business world, and in the social world, than a fine physique."
Calvert died on June 24, 1944 in St. Davids, Pennsylvania.  They are interred at West Laurel Hill Cemetery, Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.
Selected works
References
1875 births
1944 deaths
American male weightlifters
American publishers (people)
Burials at West Laurel Hill Cemetery
People associated with physical culture
People from Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Strength training writers
Qualitative Health Research is a peer-reviewed medical journal that publishes papers in the field of public health. The editor-in-chief is Janice M. Morse (University of Utah). It was established in 1991 and is published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, and the Science Citation Index Expanded. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2012 impact factor is 2.623, ranking it 42nd out of 559 journals in the category "Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Monthly journals
Public health journals
Publications established in 1991
Qualitative research journals
Zangarak (, also Romanized as Zangārak; also known as Zainkarak) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 367, in 106 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Worlds of Boris Vallejo is a board game for 2–6 players published by Mayfair Games in 1984 that uses the fantasy-genre artwork of Boris Vallejo.
Gameplay
The Worlds of Boris Vallejo is a strategy board game. Its components are:
Thirty world tiles, each featuring a different painting by Boris Vallejo
Thirty world reference cards, one for each world tile
A deck of cards, made up of characters, scrolls and artifacts, each with a numerical combat strength
Plastic pawns
Set-up
One player chooses a world tile and places it on the tabletop. Players then take turns choosing world tiles and placing them so that they touch another tile. This continues until all thirty tiles have been placed. Each player then chooses one of the worlds to be their home tile, places their pawn on the home world tile, and receives the reference card for that tile.
Card draw
Each turn, the active player draws three cards from the deck, and may play up to two cards — a character, and an item that character can use — as defense on a world tile that they control.
Movement
Each turn, the active player can move their pawn one tile. If that tile is uncontrolled, the player now owns it, and receives the reference card for that world. If the world is controlled by another player, combat results.
Combat
The attacking player plays two cards — a character card and either an artifact card or scroll card. The total of the two cards' combat factors is compared to the combat factors of the cards that the defending player previously assigned to the world. Either player can ask other players to aid in the combat by providing one card to be added to either the attacker or defender. Whichever side has the greater sum of combat factors wins the combat.
Victory conditions
The first player to control eight worlds wins the game.
Reception
Matt Williams reviewed Worlds of Boris Vallejo for Imagine magazine, and stated that "as an optimum strategy is discoverable in a handful of games, Worlds needs something extra to justify its price tag. Alas, it does not have it."
In the August 1985 edition of White Dwarf (Issue #68), Paul Mason admired the production values of the world cards, calling them "immaculately printed Boris pictures in glorious colour" although they pointed out that Vallejo's art "is completely incidental to the mechanics of the game." But the rest of the components were not as good — Mason called the cards only "competently produced", and the plastic pawns "the worst kind of plastic rubbish." Mason thought the rules were too similar to Cosmic Encounter, Risk and Talisman, saying, "this is a highly derivative game - its systems all originated in other games, and work better in those games than here." Mason also thought the game would go on far longer than its stated 30-minute playing time, since "an half-comptetent group of players will not allow anyone to win — allying in unison against anyone who gets dangerously close to the crucial eight worlds." They concluded by giving The Worlds of Boris Vallejo an extremely poor overall rating of only 3 out of 10, stating "The game strikes me as a cynical attempt to cash in on the popularity of Boris Vallejo's artwork, which displays a very low opinion of its intended market."
References
External links
Review in Games
Board games introduced in 1984
Mayfair Games games
Isaac Gervaise (born ca. 1680 in Paris, died 1739) was an English merchant and economist.
Gervaise was of a Huguenot family which fled to England in 1681. They were granted naturalization in 1698, and in 1699 became Elder and Secretary of Consistoire in Church of Leicester Fields. In 1720 they published The System or Theory of the Trade of the World, one of the first treatises on political economy.
References
1680s births
1739 deaths
English economists
English Presbyterians
17th-century English businesspeople
18th-century English businesspeople
Huguenots
French emigrants to the Kingdom of England
An algorithmic paradigm or algorithm design paradigm is a generic model or framework which underlies the design of a class of algorithms. An algorithmic paradigm is an abstraction higher than the notion of an algorithm, just as an algorithm is an abstraction higher than a computer program.
List of well-known paradigms
General
Backtracking
Branch and bound
Brute-force search
Divide and conquer
Dynamic programming
Greedy algorithm
Prune and search
Parameterized complexity
Kernelization
Iterative compression
Computational geometry
Sweep line algorithms
Rotating calipers
Randomized incremental construction
References
Algorithms
Sanyashi Raja was an Indian Bengali television period drama series which aired on Bengali Entertainment Channel Star Jalsha and streams on the digital platform Hotstar. It premiered on 11 September 2017 (replacing the show Potol Kumar Gaanwala; and was telecasted daily. The serial had been produced by Magic Moments Motion Pictures of Saibal Banerjee and Leena Ganguly. The show starred Adrija Roy and Saheb Chatterjee in lead roles, (who were also been shown as couples in Potol Kumar Gaanwala) and veteran actores like Madhabi Mukherjee and Sabitri Chatterjee in prominent supporting roles.The show ended on 15 July 2018, after airing 306 episodes.
Premise
Set in the pre-independence era, young Bimboboti marries Raja Ronendro. When they return after being missing for a long time, Bimboboti struggles to fight the royal enemies while bringing some revolutionary changes in the household.
Cast
Main cast
Adrija Addy Roy as Rani Bimboboti Rai (née Sen) aka Bimbo / " Mejo Bourani " - Main Lead, Mejo Kumar's wife.
Saheb Chatterjee as Rajkumar Ronendro Vardhan Rai aka " Mejo Kumar " - Titular Lead, Bimboboti's husband.
Recurring
Madhabi Mukherjee as Maharani Charubala Devi Rai aka " Ranimaa "
Sabitri Chatterjee as Rajkumari Rashmoni Devi Bosu (née Rai) aka " Pishimaa "
Laboni Sarkar as Iraboti Sen - Bimbo and Satinath's mother, Mejo Kumar's mother-in-law.
Aparajita Adhya as Rajkumari Indubala aka Indu / Indubala Sen (née Rai) - Mejo Kumar's eldest sister, Ranimaa's first child and eldest daughter as well, Shakko's wife.
Chandan Sen as Shakko Sen - A social activist, Indu's second husband.
Rahul Chakraborty as Rajkumar Debendro Vardhan Rai aka " Boro Kumar " - Mejo Kumar's elder brother, Ranimaa's second child (after Indu) and eldest son.
Titas Bhowmik as Rani Kshonoprobha Rai - Boro Kumar's wife and Ranimaa's eldest daughter-in-law.
Suchismita Chowdhury as Rajkumari Bindubala aka Bindu - Mejo Kumar's elder sister, Ranimaa's third child and second daughter.
Rajanya Mitra as Rajkumari Surobala aka Suro - Mejo Kumar's younger sister, Ranimaa's fifth child and youngest daughter.
Arnab Banerjee as Rajkumar Gyanendro Vardhan Rai aka " Chhoto Kumar " - Mejo Kumar's younger brother, Ranimaa's youngest child.
Rohit Samanta as Daktar (literally the Doctor)
Suman Banerjee as Satinath Sen - Iraboti's son and Bibmo's elder brother, Mejo Kumar's brother-in-law.
Ipshita Mukherjee as Roshni Bai - Mejo Kumar's courtesan and former concubine.
Rajshree Bhowmik as Chameli Bai - Roshni Bai's elder sister and a courtesan.
Tathagata Mukherjee as Biplobi Surjo Sekhar Sen
Debjani Chakroborty as Rupoboti - Bimbo's elder sister (cameo, 2017)
Sreela Majumder as Bhairabi (cameo, April 2018)
References
Bengali-language television programming in India
2017 Indian television series debuts
Star Jalsha original programming
2018 Indian television series endings
The 1999–2000 season of the Slovak Second Football League (also known as 2. liga) was the seventh season of the league since its establishment. It began on 31 July 1999 and ended on 11 June 2000.
League standing
See also
1999–2000 Slovak Superliga
References
Jindřich Horák, Lubomír Král: Encyklopedie našeho fotbalu, Libri 1997
2. Liga (Slovakia) seasons
2
Slovak
Hermonassa sinuata is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1881. It is found in India.
References
Noctuinae
Moths of Asia
John Chambers (died 1556) was an English Benedictine, the last Abbot of Peterborough and first Bishop of Peterborough.
Life
They were born in Peterborough and was sometimes called Burgh or Borowe. They became a monk in the abbey there, and was elected its abbot in 1528. They were studied both at Oxford and Cambridge Universities; they took a Cambridge M.A. in 1505, and was B.D. in 1539. In 1530 Chambers as Abbot received Thomas Wolsey, then on their last progress to the Province of York. The cardinal kept Easter at Peterborough with great state. After Wolsey's fall Chambers maintained their position, with only some external modifications, to the end of their life.
When Richard Layton, the agent of Henry VIII in the dissolution of the monasteries, accompanied by Richard, the nephew of Thomas Cromwell, was at Ramsey Abbey, and had marked down Peterborough as their next target, Chambers contacted Sir William Parr, hoping by bribery to save their abbey. Chambers discreetly made no further resistance. The abbey was surrendered to the king in 1539, Chambers being appointed guardian of the temporalities, with an annual pension. They became one of the royal chaplains and proceeded to their degree of B.D. at Cambridge the same year (1539). Chambers had support from Lord Russell in the direction of Cromwell.
On 4 September 1541 letters patent were issued converting the abbey church of Peterborough into a cathedral church, with a dean and chapter and ecclesiastical staff. King Henry also erected a monument to Catherine of Aragon, who had been buried in the abbey church in January 1536. Chambers now became the first bishop of the new see, with a residence on the site, and the prior of St Andrew's at Northampton became the dean. The new bishop was consecrated in their former abbey church 23 October 1541, by Bishop Thomas Goodrich of Ely, assisted by their suffragan, Robert Blyth, bishop of Dover, and the suffragan of the bishop of Lincoln, Thomas Hallam, titular bishop of Philadelphia. According to Thomas Fuller, Chambers was appointed by the convocation of 1542, in conjunction with John Wakeman of Gloucester, to revise the translation of the Apocalypse for the proposed new edition of the Great Bible.
They died on 7 February 1556 and was buried in the choir of their cathedral on 6 March. There were formerly two monuments to him, both destroyed during the English Civil War. Chambers has been erroneously identified with John Chambre, a doctor of physic, of Merton College, Oxford, who became dean of St Stephen's, Westminster, and died in 1549.
References
1556 deaths
English Benedictines
English abbots
Bishops of Peterborough
People associated with the Dissolution of the Monasteries
People from Marlborough, Wiltshire
16th-century English bishops
Year of birth unknown
Burials at Peterborough Cathedral
Cropani is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
The comune is located 10 km from the sea and 13 km from the Sila. Two fractions are part of the municipal territory: Cropani Marina and Cuturella. According to tradition, the ship carrying the relics of Mark the Evangelist from Alexandria to Venice found refuge on the coasts of Cropani. In gratitude, the captain gave the city a relic (a fragment of a kneecap) preserved in its Romanesque cathedral.
History
The word "Cropani" derives from the Greek "kropos", which literally means "manure", in the meaning of "rich, fertile land". It was assumed that the first settlements arose following the emigration of the inhabitants of two cities destroyed or disappeared: Erapolis, near the river Crocchio, and Atenapolis located near the river Simeri.
Although its origin is uncertain, some sources agree with the Byzantine one, during the sixth century, when Basilian monks came and chose this place because it was strategic to defend itself against foreign attacks. However, the town already existed around the 1800s. In this regard, the seventeenth-century cropanese historian Giovanni Fiore said that in 831 some Venetian merchants arrived near Cropani, returning from Alexandria in Egypt where they had taken the remains of Saint Mark the Evangelist.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
The white-crested tyrannulet (Serpophaga subcristata) is a small species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in woodland and open habitats with scatted bushes and trees in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay. It is closely related to the white-bellied tyrannulet, but unlike that species the belly of the white-crested tyrannulet is yellow. The recently described Straneck's tyrannulet is extremely similar to the white-crested tyrannulet and was for a long time confused with that species; the two are generally best separated by voice.
References
white-crested tyrannulet
Birds of South America
white-crested tyrannulet
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Santa Barbara Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid April at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. A Grade III event open to fillies and mares, age four and older, it is contested of turf over a distance of one and a half miles.
Inaugurated in 1935, through 1941 it was a race for two-year-olds. In 1952 and again in 1954 it was restricted to three-year-old California-foaled fillies and in 1953 for three-year-old California foals of either sex. From 1955 through 1965, it was open to horses age three-year-olds and up and then since 1966 for fillies and mares age four and older.
The race was known as the Santa Barbara Juvenile Championship in 1937 and then as the Santa Barbara Stakes in 1935 and 1936, 1938, 1941, 1946 and 1952 through 1954. Since inception it has been contested at a variety of distances:
3 furlongs : 1935–1938, 1941
7 furlongs : 1946, 1952
6 furlongs : 1953, 1954
about 6.5 furlongs on turf : 1958
8.5 furlongs ( miles) : 1955–1957
9 furlongs ( miles) : 2007
10 furlongs on turf: 1962–2006, 2008–2015
12 furlongs on turf: 2017–present
In 1958, the race was run at "about" distance. In 1973, 1977 and 1982, it was run on dirt. It was run in two divisions on three occasions: 1941, 1967, and 1968.
There was no race run in 1939, 1940, 1942 through 1945, 1947 through 1951, 1959 through 1961 and 2016.
This race was downgraded to a Grade III for its 2014 running.
Records
Speed record:
2:27.65 – Queen Blossom (at current distance of miles on turf)
1:57.40 – Bequest (1991) (at distance of miles on turf)
Most wins:
3 – Megahertz (2003, 2004, 2005)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Alfred G. Vanderbilt II (1936, 1937, 1938)
3 – Michael Bello (2003, 2004, 2005)
Most wins by a jockey:
8 – Laffit Pincay Jr. (1968, 1971, 1973, 1974, 1978, 1980, 1982, 1993)
Most wins by a trainer:
7 – Charles Whittingham (1956, 1964, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1985, 1987)
6 – Robert J. Frankel (1994, 1995, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007)
Winners
References
External links
The 2008 Santa Barbara Handicap at the NTRA
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-old fillies
Middle distance horse races for fillies and mares
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1935
1935 establishments in California
Dame Margaret Miles, DBE (11 July 1911 – 26 April 1994) was a British educationist.
They served as Headmistress of Pate's Grammar School, Cheltenham between 1946 and 1952. Then, going on to be Headmistress of Mayfield School, Putney between 1952 and 1973. A strong believer in equal education for all, they served as President of the Campaign for Comprehensive Education between 1979 and 1994. They studied at Bedford College, London (now Royal Holloway, University of London), later also receiving an honorary doctorate of the University of London. They died in Tywyn Gwynedd in 1994.
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire in 1970.
References
1911 births
1994 deaths
Comprehensive education
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Heads of schools in England
Woman heads of schools in the United Kingdom
Raymond Patrick Hogan (8 May 1932 – 25 November 1995) was an Australian cricketer. Hogan was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm fast-medium. They were born at Temora, New South Wales.
Hogan played all their first-class cricket in England, making three appearances for Northamptonshire against Cambridge University in 1954, and Yorkshire and Gloucestershire in 1955. They had little success in these matches, scoring just 18 runs at an average of 4.50, with a high score of 8, and taking 3 wickets at a bowling average of 72.66, with best figures of 2/16.
They died at Pine Rivers, Queensland on 25 November 1995.
References
External links
Raymond Hogan at ESPNcricinfo
Raymond Hogan at CricketArchive
1932 births
1995 deaths
Cricketers from New South Wales
Australian cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
People from the Riverina
Clearlite Holdings Ltd v Auckland City Corp [1976] 2 NZLR 729 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding land based nuisance claims in tort.
Background
Auckland City arranged for their contractor to drive a tunnel under Clearlites factory in order to install a drainage pipe.
For reasons not stated, the tunnel caused the concrete floor to crack due to the soil subsiding 2 inches, which cost Clearlite $19,873.91 to fix.
After the council refused to reimburse them for the cost to fix their floor, Clearlite sued both Auckland City and the contractor for negligence as well as in nuisance.
Held
The court ruled that as the collapse was not the fault of the council or their contactor, the negligence claim must fail. However, the nuisance claim was successful as for nuisance cases, negligence is not required to be proved, merely foreseeability, and damages of $19,873.91 were awarded to Clearlite.
References
High Court of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
1976 in New Zealand law
1976 in case law
History of Auckland
Following is a list of mayors of Seaside, California.
References
Seaside
The Men's Freestyle 130 kg at the 1988 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Sangmu Gymnasium, Seongnam.
Medalists
Tournament results
The wrestlers are divided into 2 groups. The winner of each group decided by a double-elimination system.
Legend
TF — Won by Fall
SP — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser with points
SO — Won by Superiority, 12-14 points difference, the loser without points
ST — Won by Technical Superiority, 15 points difference
PP — Won by Points, the loser with technical points
PO — Won by Points, the loser without technical points
P0 — Won by Passivity, scoring zero points
P1 — Won by Passivity, while leading by 1-11 points
PS — Won by Passivity, while leading by 12-14 points
PA — Won by Opponent Injury
DQ — Won by Forfeit
DNA — Did not appear
L — Losses
ER — Round of Elimination
CP — Classification Points
TP — Technical Points
Eliminatory round
Group A
Group B
Final round
Final standings
References
External links
Official Report
Freestyle 99kg
Aerobic denitrification or co-respiration the simultaneous use of both oxygen (O2) and nitrate (NO3−) as oxidizing agents, performed by various genera of microorganisms. This process differs from anaerobic denitrification not only in its insensitivity to the presence of oxygen, but also in that it has a higher potential to create the harmful byproduct nitrous oxide.
Nitrogen, acting as an oxidant, is therefore reduced in a succession of four reactions performed by the enzymes nitrate, nitrite, nitric-oxide, and nitrous oxide reductases. The pathway ultimately yields reduced molecular nitrogen (N2), as well as, when the reaction does not reach completion, the intermediate species nitrous oxide (N2O). A simple denitrification reaction proceeds as+
− → − → NO → → (g)
The respiration reaction which utilizes oxygen as the oxidant is:
(aq) + 6 (g) → 6 (g) + 6
Classically, it was thought that denitrification would not occur in the presence of oxygen since there seems to be no energetic advantage to using nitrate as an oxidant when oxygen is available. Experiments have since proven that denitrifiers are often facultative anaerobes and that aerobic denitrification does indeed occur in a broad range of microbial organisms with varying levels of productivity, usually lower productivity than results from purely aerobic respiration. The advantages of being able to perform denitrification in the presence of oxygen are uncertain, though it is possible that the ability to adapt to changes in oxygen levels plays a role. Aerobic denitrification may be found in environments where fluctuating oxygen concentrations and reduced carbon are available. The relative harsh environment inspires the potential of denitrifiers to degrade toxic nitrate or nitrate under an aerobic atmosphere. Aerobic denitrifiers tend to work efficiently at 25 ~ 37 °C and pH 7 ~ 8, when dissolved oxygen concentration is 3 ~ 5 mg/L and C/N load ratio is 5 ~ 10.
Environmental impact
Wastewater treatment
Water treatment often relies on the activity of anaerobically denitrifying bacteria in order to remove nitrate from water. However, due to the absence of oxygen, nitrate cannot be fully reduced to dinitrogen, thus nitrate remains in the water or it is converted to nitrous oxide. Lingering nitrate in drinking water poses a plethora of health risks, and both nitrate and nitrous oxide have major environmental impacts. Some hazards include, carcinogenic nitrate ions in drinking water, or eutrophication caused by oxidized nitrogen seeding algal blooms. Conversely aerobic denitrification can further reduce oxidized nitrogen in a less specialized environment. For instance, many aerobically denitrifying bacteria from the genus Pseudomonas (P. stutzeri, P. mendocina and P. putida) were shown to be isolated from the Lingshui River in China, and could be further used in bioaugmentation to clear contaminated water. In addition to Pseudomonas, Acinetobacter sp. SYF26 was isolated from the Heihe reservoir in China. Genomic analysis revealed a napA gene encoding a periplasmic nitrate reductase, and a nirK and nirS for gene for the nitrite reductase (both enzymes needed in aerobic nitrate denitrification).
Global warming
Nitrous oxide is a 200-300 times more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide, accounting for 5% of the global green house gas effect. During the reduction of nitrate in wastewater treatment, nitrous oxide is only released in the absence of appropriate oxygen regulation. Some solutions to combat the release of nitrous oxide from wastewater treatment could be to use aerobically denitrifying organisms with the capacity to fully reduce nitrogen. For instance, P. denitrificans has shown to efficiently reduce nitrate to N2 in cultured media and wastewater. Furthermore, TR2 strains of P. sturzeri and Pseudomonas sp. strain K50 were also shown to have substantially low levels of nitrous oxide production in water treatment. Thus enriching activated sludge for aerobic denitrifying bacteria can be effective in combating the global warming effects of nitrous oxide in wastewater treatment.
See also
Denitrification
Cellular respiration
Nitrogen cycle
Nitrogen fixation
References
Nitrogen cycle
Environmental microbiology
Kiboga General Hospital, also Kiboga Hospital, Kiboga Main Hospital or Kiboga District Hospital, is a hospital in the Central Region of Uganda.
Location
The hospital is located on the Kampala–Hoima Road, in the central business district of the town of Kiboga, about southeast of Hoima Regional Referral Hospital, in the city of Hoima.
This is about northwest of Mulago National Referral Hospital, in Kampala, Uganda's capital city. The coordinates of Kiboga General Hospital are:0°54'43.0"N, 31°46'35.0"E (Latitude:0.911937; Longitude:31.776378).
Overview
Kiboga Hospital first opened at a different location in the town, as a dispensary and maternity unit in 1960. Following lobbying by the area member of parliament, construction began at the present suite for a fully fledged hospital in the late 1960s. The present hospital complex was commissioned in 1973. The hospital serves parts of the following districts: Kiboga, Kyankwanzi, Kibaale, Nakaseke, Mubende, and Hoima The hospital, whose bed capacity is 210, is severely understaffed, underfunded and operates with old antiquated equipment.
See also
List of hospitals in Uganda
References
External links
Website of Uganda Ministry of Health
Kiboga District Information Portal
Hospital buildings completed in 1960
Kigoga
Kiboga District
Central Region, Uganda
1960 establishments in Uganda
Franco Giacobini (5 March 1926 – 27 December 2015) was an Italian actor.
Born in Rome as Francesco Giacobini, they graduated at Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico in 1948, then started a prolific stage career, working in comedy plays, dramas and revues. Giacobini also appeared in numerous films and TV-works, usually in comedic roles. They were married to actor Angela Goodwin.
Selected filmography
Papà diventa mamma (1952) - Il passeggero sul Tram
Le marchand de Venise (1953)
Ci troviamo in galleria (1953) - Funzionario RAI
Via Padova 46 (1953) - The Journalist (uncredited)
Caporale di giornata (1958) - The Sailor on the Telephone (uncredited)
La cento chilometri (1959) - The Race Walker without Their Underpants
Uncle Was a Vampire (1959) - Il secondo play boy
The Employee (1960) - Rotondi
Run with the Devil (1960) - The TV Interviewer (uncredited)
The Fascist (1961) - Militare a Rocca Sabina
The Orderly (1961)
Hercules in the Haunted World (1961) - Telemachus (Telemaco)
Cronache del '22 (1961)
Erik the Conqueror (1961) - Rustichello
A cavallo della tigre (1961) - Medico del carcere
The Two Marshals (1961) - Basilio Meneghetti
Their Women (1961) - The Police Commissioner
Il mio amico Benito (1962) - Liberati
Crazy Desire (1962) - Alberghetti
Totò Diabolicus (1962) - Dottor Santoro
La bellezza di Ippolita (1962) - Aurelio
Eighteen in the Sun (1962) - Commissar
Lo smemorato di Collegno (1962) - Giornalista
Le Scorpion (1962)
I motorizzati (1962) - Alberto
Sherlock Holmes and the Deadly Necklace (1962) - Texas Collector
The Shortest Day (1963) - (uncredited)
Uno strano tipo (1963) - Journalist
Sexy Toto (1963) - Un galeotti
The Swindlers (1963) - The Lawyer Ovidio (segment "Società calcistica, La")
Gli onorevoli (1963) - De Angelis
La ballata dei mariti (1963) - Vicebrigadiere Licata
Senza sole né luna (1964)
I Kill, You Kill (1965) - Dottore (segment "Una boccata di fumo")
Soldati e caporali (1965) - Serg. Pancani
Assassination in Rome (1965)
Two Sergeants of General Custer (1965) - Cochise
Le sedicenni (1965)
El Greco (1966) - Francisco
Zärtliche Haie (1967) - Fähnrich
O.K. Connery (1967) - Juan
I 2 vigili (1967) - Romoletto
Soldati e capelloni (1967) - Franco - il barbiere
Quarta parete (1968)
Donne... botte e bersaglieri (1968) - Marshal
Don Chisciotte and Sancio Panza (1968) - Don Nicola - barber
Sissignore (1968) - Facchetti
The Mercenary (1968) - Pepote
Chimera (1968) - Sergeant
Alibi (1969) - Luca
Why Did I Ever Say Yes Twice? (1969) - Roberto
Terzo Canale - Avventura a Montecarlo (1970) - Mechanic
Mazzabubù... Quante corna stanno quaggiù? (1971) - Boemondo
It Can Be Done Amigo (1972) - L'uomo chi mangia la terra
Sonny and Jed (1972) - Aparicito
Abbasso tutti, viva noi (1974) - Teacher
The Student Connection (1974) - Chief Inspector Delon
Il gatto mammone (1975) - Priest
Ab morgen sind wir reich und ehrlich (1976) - Maresciallo delle Carabinieri (uncredited)
Three Tigers Against Three Tigers (1977) - Servant of Di Lazzaro
Pane, burro e marmellata (1977) - Simona's Husband
I'm Getting a Yacht (1980) - Fugitive #1
Sing Sing (1983) - Baron Orfeo della Torre (first story)
Scrivilo sui muri (2007) - Anziano
Il volto di un'altra (2012) - Propietario negozio animali impagliati
References
Notice of death
External links
Italian male film actors
1926 births
Male actors from Rome
Italian male television actors
Italian male stage actors
2015 deaths
Accademia Nazionale di Arte Drammatica Silvio D'Amico alumni
Erwin Max Friedlander (May 29, 1925 – January 22, 2004) was a noted American expert in high-energy nuclear physics at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and a member of the Romanian Academy of Sciences.
Biography
A pioneer in the use of nuclear emulsions for cosmic ray and accelerator research, Friedlander founded and headed the Cosmic Rays Laboratory at the Institute for Atomic Physics in Bucharest, Romania, before emigrating to the United States in 1975.
They authored more than 250 scientific publications, was a professor at Cornell University, the University of Pennsylvania, and the University of Marburg in Germany, and conducted research at CERN, Fermilab, the Joint Institute for Nuclear Research in Russia, and at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in Berkeley, California. They were the recipient of a Humboldt Prize in 1986.
Friedlander's research focused on multiparticle production dynamics. Their Cosmic Ray Laboratory in Romania was among the first to discover multiplicity scaling laws in proton-nucleus reactions. During their years at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Friedlander was engaged in the experimental study of the interactions of relativistic heavy ion nuclei and their secondary products. They played a leading role in many international collaborations, including the initiation of a collaboration using relativistic heavy ion beams at the Bevatron.
Friedlander was the youngest person ever elected to the Romanian Academy, an honor withdrawn by the country's Communist regime after they defected to the West in 1975. In 2003 the Romanian Academy of Sciences awarded them an honorary membership in recognition of their lifelong contributions to physics.
In 1978 Friedlander became actively involved in the worldwide human rights movement known as SOS — Scientists for Sakharov, Orlov and Sharansky. Friedlander was also an accomplished pianist and organist and was fluent in seven languages.
They died on January 22, 2004 in Oakland, California after a long struggle with heart disease.
Publications
Friedlander, E.M. "Biases in Signals for Intermittency Detected in High Energy Collisions", Modern Physics Letters, May 19, 1989
Friedlander, E.M. "Evidence from Very Large Transverse Momenta of a Change with Temperature of Velocity of Sound in Hadronic Matter", Physical Review Letters, July 2, 1979
Friedlander, E.M. "How fast does the multiplicity of particle production in p-p collisions really increase with primary energy?" Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Department of Energy Scientific and Technical Information
Friedlander, E.M. with Heckman, Harry H. "Relativistic Heavy Ion Collisions: Experiment" (PDF), Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Department of Energy Scientific and Technical Information
Friedlander, E.M. "Small, large, and very large transverse momenta in a unified hydrodynamical description, Open Library
Friedlander, E.M., Cincheza, Iuliana M., Haseganu, Dumitru Gh., "Identification of heavy ions in AgCl monocrystals by means of multiple coulomb scattering", Nuclear Instruments and Methods, June 1974 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
References
External links
Members of the Romanian Academy of Sciences
A Personal Remembrance, Berkeley Lab Currents, February 6, 2004
1925 births
2004 deaths
20th-century American physicists
People associated with CERN
Cornell University faculty
Experimental physicists
Particle physicists
Romanian emigrants to the United States
Romanian scientists
University of California, Berkeley staff
University of Marburg faculty
University of Pennsylvania faculty
Architecture is the third studio album by Spahn Ranch, released on April 8, 1997 by Cleopatra Records. After original member Rob Marton departed from the band, Christian Death drummer David Glass and drummer Harry Lewis joined the Spahn Ranch to further experiment with the band's fusion dark wave and industrial music. Critics have called it one of Spahn Ranch's most influential and experimental albums for its incorporation of drum and bass, dub and live guitar.
Reception
Aiding & Abetting compared praised the album for its expression of gothic music influences "The Coiled One anticipated the big gothic surge, and so Architecture is poised to cash in on the big electronic wave that is just now reaching shore." Allmusic critic Mike Pfeiffer described it as the Spahn Ranch's strongest album and said "Architecture shows a departure from gloom and an embrace of intelligent electronic rhythm styles like drum'n'bass and electro." Last Sigh Magazine said "this is somewhat of a departure from The Coiled One, but nevertheless a step ahead in Spahn Ranch's successful music" and "what is really excellent about this album is the instrumentals that Spahn Ranch provides the listener with." A critic at Lollipop Magazine, Angela Dauthi, called the album an improvement over their previous work, saying "the songs take on electronica drum beats and fills while throwing in dissonant keyboard glissandos with cool, detached lyrics" and "while their last two albums had stripped everything down to a pumping beat and noisy vocals, Architecture takes a sharp left turn and punches the gas." Option called the album "eminently listenable, even the darker Gothic tones are opened up, creating music that sounds more like songs than exercises in mood." Critic Dave Thompson said "a cover of the Equals "Black Skinned Blue Eyed Boys" is positively ecstatic, pulsing sonics which throb with a literal passion" and "several tracks (most notably "Futurist Limited") echo elements of Depeche Mode, sans that band's congealing precociousness, while "Incubate" takes Hammer's "Can't Touch This" motif into Kraftwerkian territory to stunning effect."
Chris Best of Lollipop Magazine gave the album a mixed review and said "there are some great tunes on this disc, but the electronica bits are stale and dated (as in techno circa 1990 or anything by 2 Unlimited)." Sonic Boom criticized the album for being incohesive but said "a casual flip through all of the tracks provide for a dizzying array of genre hopping from trance, drum & bass, disco, ballads, to even a cover version of the Equals, 'Black Skinned Blue Eyed Boys'."
Track listing
Accolades
Personnel
Adapted from the Architecture liner notes.
Spahn Ranch
Matt Green – sampler, synthesizer, drum programming, production, mixing
Harry Lewis – percussion
Athan Maroulis – lead vocals
Additional performers
Daniel Bryan Harvey – guitar (2, 4, 6, 9)
David Parkinson – percussion
Paul Raven – bass guitar (2, 6, 7), loops and additional synthesizer (8)
Production and design
T.J. Barrial – photography
Atelier³ D Thom Bissett – design
Judson Leach – production, engineering, mixing, mastering
Release history
References
External links
Architecture at Bandcamp
Architecture at iTunes
1997 albums
Spahn Ranch (band) albums
Cleopatra Records albums
Orthopsyllidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Orthopsyllus Brady & Robertson, 1873
References
Copepods
Iambia volasira is a moth of the family Noctuidae.
Distribution
It is found in south-western Madagascar (near Tulear).
References
Viette, 1968e. Révision des Noctuelles trifides de Madagascar (Lep.) (Premier supplément). - Annales de la Société Entomologique de France (N.S.) 4(3):555–572.
Moths of Madagascar
Amphipyrinae
Moths of Africa
Hossein Askari (, born March 23, 1975 in Khomeyn) is an Iranian former professional racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2005 and 2016 for the , , and teams. During their career, Askari was suspended for one year for doping in 2013 and 2014.
Doping
Askari tested positive for methylhexaneamine during the 2013 Tour de Singkarak and was given a one year suspension.
Major results
1999
6th Overall Tour of Saudi Arabia
2000
9th Tour of Azerbaijan
2001
3rd Overall Tour of Saudi Arabia
2002
2nd Team pursuit, Asian Games
8th Overall Tour of Saudi Arabia
2004
2nd Time trial, Asian Road Championships
2nd Individual pursuit, Asian Track Championships
2nd Overall Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey
2005
1st Overall Kerman Tour
1st Overall Tour de Indonesia
1st Stage 3
1st Prologue Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
Asian Road Championships
2nd Time trial
6th Road race
2nd Individual pursuit, Asian Track Championships
8th Overall Tour de East Java
8th Overall Tour de Taiwan
2006
2nd Overall 2005–06 UCI Asia Tour
Asian Games
2nd Team time trial
7th Road race
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall Tour of Thailand
2nd Overall Kerman Tour
1st Stages 2 & 4
2nd Overall Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey
2nd Overall Tour de East Java
2nd Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
4th Road race, Asian Road Championships
4th Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
1st Stage 2
2007
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Overall 2006–07 UCI Asia Tour
1st Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
1st Stage 2
1st Stage 2 Kerman Tour
Asian Road Championships
2nd Road race
2nd Time trial
2nd Overall Jelajah Malaysia
1st Stage 4
3rd Overall Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey
1st Mountains classification
3rd Overall Tour de East Java
3rd Overall Milad De Nour Tour
6th Overall Tour of Siam
6th Overall Tour de Hokkaido
10th Overall Tour de Langkawi
2008
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Overall 2007–08 UCI Asia Tour
1st Overall International Emirates Post Tour
1st Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
1st Stages 2 (TTT) & 6
3rd Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
4th Overall Jelajah Malaysia
1st Mountains classification
1st Stage 6
4th Overall Tour de East Java
9th Overall International Presidency Tour
2009
1st Stage 1 International Presidency Tour
2nd Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
3rd Overall Tour de East Java
4th Overall Jelajah Malaysia
4th Overall Tour de Indonesia
1st Stage 1 (TTT)
5th Overall Milad De Nour Tour
7th Road race, Asian Road Championships
2010
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
1st Overall International Presidency Tour
1st Stage 4
1st Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Tour de Singkarak
2nd Time trial, Asian Road Championships
2nd Overall Tour de Singkarak
3rd Overall Tour de Langkawi
3rd Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
5th Overall Tour of China
10th Mumbai Cyclothon
2011
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
1st Stage 3
Asian Road Championships
3rd Road race
3rd Time trial
4th Overall Milad De Nour Tour
6th Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
7th Overall International Presidency Tour
8th Overall Tour de Langkawi
8th Overall Kerman Tour
2012
1st Overall Tour de Brunei
1st Stage 2
3rd Time trial, Asian Road Championships
3rd Overall Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran)
5th Overall Tour of Qinghai Lake
2013
4th Overall Tour de Filipinas
4th Overall Tour of Borneo
7th Overall Tour de Singkarak
1st Stage 1
2014
2nd Overall Tour de Ijen
3rd Time trial, Asian Games
2015
Asian Cycling Championships
1st Road race
1st Time trial
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
2nd Overall Tour de Taiwan
3rd Overall Tour of Japan
3rd Overall Tour de Singkarak
1st Stage 6
5th Overall Tour of Fuzhou
6th Overall Tour de Filipinas
1st Mountains classification
6th Overall Tour of Iran (Azerbaijan)
1st Points classification
1st Stage 4
References
External links
Tour of Azerbaijan (Iran) winners
1975 births
Living people
Iranian male cyclists
Iranian track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Doping cases in cycling
Iranian sportspeople in doping cases
Olympic cyclists of Iran
People from Markazi Province
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in cycling
Cyclists at the 1994 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 1998 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2002 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2006 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2010 Asian Games
Cyclists at the 2014 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Varney the Vampire; or, the Feast of Blood is a Victorian-era serialized gothic horror story variously attributed to James Malcolm Rymer and Thomas Peckett Prest. It first appeared in 1845–1847 as a series of weekly cheap pamphlets of the kind then known as "penny dreadfuls". The author was paid by the typeset line, so when the story was published in book form in 1847, it was of epic length: the original edition ran to 876 double-columned pages and 232 chapters. Altogether it totals nearly 667,000 words.
It is the tale of the vampire Sir Francis Varney, and introduced many of the tropes present in vampire fiction recognizable to modern audiences. It was the first story to refer to sharpened teeth for a vampire, noting: "With a plunge they seize their neck in their fang-like teeth".
Story
Setting
The story has a confused setting. While ostensibly set in the early eighteenth century, there are references to the Napoleonic Wars and other indicators that the story is contemporary to the time of its writing in the mid-nineteenth century. Varney's adventures also occur in various locations including London, Bath, Winchester, Naples and Venice.
Human characters
The plot concerns the troubles that Sir Francis Varney inflicts upon the Bannerworths, a formerly wealthy family driven to ruin by their recently deceased father. Initially the Bannerworths consist of Mrs Bannerworth and their adult children Henry, George, and Flora (George is never mentioned by name after the thirty-sixth chapter). A family friend, Mr Marchdale, lives with the Bannerworths in early chapters. Later, Flora's fiancé Charles Holland, their seafaring uncle Admiral Bell, and Bell's jovial assistant Jack Pringle also take residence with the Bannerworths.
Varney
Though the earliest chapters give the standard motives of blood sustenance for Varney's actions toward the family, later ones suggest that Varney is motivated by monetary interests. The story is at times inconsistent and confusing, as if the author did not know whether to make Varney a literal vampire or simply a human who acts like one. Varney bears a strong resemblance to a portrait in Bannerworth Hall, and the implication throughout is that they are actually Marmaduke Bannerworth (or Sir Runnagate Bannerworth; the names are confused throughout the story), but that connection is never clarified.  They are portrayed as loathing their condition, and at one point they turn Clara Crofton, a member of another family they terrorize, into a vampire for revenge.
Over the course of the book, Varney is presented with increasing sympathy as a victim of circumstances. They try to save himself, but is unable to do so. They ultimately commit suicide by throwing themselves into Mount Vesuvius, after having left a written account of their origin with a sympathetic priest. According to Varney, they were cursed with vampirism after they betrayed a royalist to Oliver Cromwell, and subsequently killed their own son accidentally in a fit of anger. They "dies" and is revived several times in the course of their career. This afforded the author a variety of origin stories. In one of these, a medical student named Dr. Chillingworth applies galvanism to Varney's hanged corpse and revives him. This sub-plot parallels the earlier story of Frankenstein by Mary Shelley and film adaptations which introduce electricity as Dr. Frankenstein's means of creating the monster.
Legacy
Scholars including A. Asbjørn Jøn have suggested that Varney was a major influence on later vampire fiction, including Dracula (1897) by Bram Stoker. Many of today's standard vampire tropes originated in Varney: Varney has fangs, leaves two puncture wounds on the necks of their victims, comes through a window to attack a sleeping maiden, has hypnotic powers, and has superhuman strength. Unlike later fictional vampires, they are able to go about in daylight and has no particular fear of either crosses or garlic. They can eat and drink in human fashion as a form of disguise, but they point out that human food and drink do not agree with him. This is also the first example of the "sympathetic vampire", a vampire who despises their condition but is nonetheless a slave to it.
In popular culture
The makers of Marvel Comics were influenced by this story. In the Marvel Universe, "Varnae" is the name of the first vampire, created by the people of Atlantis before it sank.
In the sixth episode of the TV series Penny Dreadful (2014), Abraham Van Helsing gives a copy of Varney the Vampire to Victor Frankenstein, explaining that the story is more truth than fiction and that the mysterious creature the series' characters are pursuing is a vampire.
Varney is one of the main characters in Strange Practice (2017) and its sequels by Vivian Shaw.
The 2017 film The Man Who Invented Christmas shows Charles Dickens reading it at the time that they were developing the supernatural elements of their novella A Christmas Carol.
In 2021, Varney appears as a character in Castlevania season 4, as an alter ego of Death (voiced by Malcolm McDowell), used to operate beneath notice to advance their goals.
Authorship
The story was published by Edward Lloyd, whose policy was not to allow authors to put their name on their published work. Due to this there is disagreement over the authorship of many works published by their company. Varney the Vampire is generally considered to have been co-written by James Malcolm Rymer and Thomas Preskett Prest. However, E. F. Bleiler has argued that Rymer is most likely the author due to the differences in how they wrote dialogue compared to Prest. Louis James also considered Rymer the most likely author, citing a piece of the manuscript in their handwriting.
Footnotes
References
E. S. Turner's Boys Will be Boys (1948) discusses this story and many others.
External links
Varney the Vampyre
The complete text at the University of Virginia
Images and Illustrations from The Varney Image Page
1840s fantasy novels
British Gothic novels
British horror novels
Penny dreadfuls
Vampire novels
Fictional vampires
Fictional suicides
Novels first published in serial form
Literary characters introduced in 1845
Demetri McCamey, Jr. (born February 21, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for the Austin Spurs of the NBA G League. Their prior professional experience includes time with the NBA Development League's Erie BayHawks, Rio Grande Valley Vipers and Fort Wayne Mad Ants, as well as time abroad with Hapoel Jerusalem, Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi, Oita Heat Devils and Cairns Taipans. They played college basketball for the University of Illinois where they completed their senior season in 2010–11 and was the 2009–10 Big Ten assists champion (7.06) and the 2009–10 NCAA runner-up.
They played high school basketball with Big Ten Conference foe Evan Turner on the St. Joseph High School (in Westchester) basketball team. They were a first-team All-state selection according to numerous publications.
As a sophomore, they led the 2008–09 team in scoring average, and they were chosen as a third team 2008–09 All-Big Ten Conference player by both the coaches and the media. During their junior season, they led the big ten in assists per game. They hold the Illinois single-season assist/game (7.06) and single-game assists (16) records. Following the 2009–10 All-Big Ten Conference regular season, they were named a first-team All-conference selection by both the coaches and the media. They became the first Fighting Illini to average over seven assists per game over the course of a season during the 2009–10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. As a senior, they were a third team All-Big Ten selection for the 2010–11 Big Ten season. As a senior their assist numbers fell, but their shooting percentages rose.
High school career
They were part of a 2005 Chicago area sophomore class that was considered to be the best in the history of the state of Illinois. It included Derrick Rose and their St. Joseph's teammate Turner. Isiah Thomas is St. Joseph's most famous basketball alum, but McCamey was at the time mentioned as the potential next great St. Joseph's product. The class of 2007 was compared to the Chicago area class of 1979 that included Thomas, Terry Cummings, and Darrell Walker as well as the class of 1998 that included Quentin Richardson, Corey Maggette, Frank Williams, Bobby Simmons, Michael Wright. McCamey was considered the second best area prospect after Rose.
As a junior, they and Turner attended 2005 Midnight Madness with the Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball team. At the beginning of their junior season, Chicago Tribune named them to its annual top Chicago metropolitan area basketball players list, and it ranked St. Joseph number three in the area. The team went to the state sectional final before its season ended with a 75–72 sectional final loss to Proviso East High School. After their junior season, they were considered one of the top 25 prospects in the country in their class according to one scout, and they were given special mention by the Chicago Tribune and honorable mention by the Associated Press for all-state honors.
During their senior season, their team was listed second to Rose's Simeon Career Academy in the preseason Tribune Chicago area high school basketball team rankings. That season, they were named to the second-team Associated Press 2006–07 Class AA all-state team, a day before Rose's Simeon eliminated Turner's St. Joseph in the Illinois Class AA supersectional. McCamey and Turner finished sixth and third to Rose in the Illinois Mr. Basketball voting, and the Chicago Tribune chose both of them as first team All-state selections along with Rose. They were also a first team selection by Chicago Sun-Times, Champaign-Urbana News-Gazette and Illinois Basketball Coaches Association. McCamey was ranked as the #10, #11 and #10 point guard in the nation as a high school senior by ESPN, Rivals.com, and Scout.com respectively.
College career
Freshman season
When McCamey posted 31 points on February 7, 2008 against Indiana, it was the season high for the 2007-08 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team and the most by an Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball first-year student in fourteen years. During the 2008 Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament they made six three point shots in six attempts against Purdue, which set a Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament single-game record and tied the Illinois school single-game record for three point field goal percentage (most made with no misses).
Sophomore season
They were chosen as a third team 2008–09 All-Big Ten Conference player by both the Big Ten coaches and the Big Ten media. McCamey was also a National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC) Division I District 7 All‐District second team choice. Since the Big Ten Conference was its own district, this is equivalent to being named second team All-Big Ten by the NABC. They led the 2008–09 Illinois Fighting Illini team in scoring average and was second in assists. On February 12, 2009, they scored the game-winning bank shot with 2.9 seconds remaining against Northwestern. Although they only ranked fourth in the conference in assists, they had the highest assist average in conference games.
Junior season
McCamey was named co-Big Ten Conference Player of the Week for February 8, 2010. On February 20, they recorded 16 assists, which is the fourth highest single-game total in Big Ten history. This total set an Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball single-game record.
McCamey led the Big Ten in assists (7.06). They were also tenth in scoring and eighth in steals. Their 254 assists in 36 games resulting in a 7.06 assist per game average eclipsed Deron Williams' 264 in 39 games (6.77 average) posted during the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Thus, McCamey took over the Fighting Illini single-season assist per game record. Their total of 254 was the fourth highest in Big Ten history and only 20 shy of Mateen Cleaves' Big Ten single-season record of 274. Williams' 264 is the Fighting Illini record. McCamey's total of 525 after their junior season left them 291 short of Cleaves' career record of 816. Bruce Douglas holds the Fighting Illini record with a total of 765.
At the end of the regular season, they were a first-team All-Big Ten selection by both the coaches and the media. McCamey was selected by the U.S. Basketball Writers Association to the ten-man All-District V team covering college basketball players in the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. McCamey was selected to the 2010 Big Ten Conference men's basketball tournament team. They were recognized as an All-District first-team selection by the National Association of Basketball Coaches, making them eligible for the State Farm Division I All‐America teams. McCamey had entered their name for the 2010 NBA Draft, but did not hire an agent and withdrew their name prior to the May 8, 2010 deadline.
Senior season
They were a preseason first team all-conference selection by the Big Ten media for the 2010–11 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season. They were a preseason top 50 candidate for the Wooden Award. McCamey scored 30 points for the first time since their first-year student season on December 8, 2010 against the Oakland Golden Grizzlies. On January 3, 2011, they were named co-Big Ten Player of the Week. On January 15, 2011 against Wisconsin, they made a career-high 17 free throws.
In December they were named to the 67-man Bob Cousy Award watchlist, and they were named as one of 20 finalists in January. McCamey was selected to the Naismith Award Midseason Top 30 List. Following the 2010–11 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season, they were a third team All-Big Ten selection by the coaches and the media. McCamey was selected by the United States Basketball Writers Association to its 2010–11 Men's All-District Team. They were among the final ten candidates for the Bob Cousy Award.
As a senior, their assist average fell from 7.1 to 6.1 per game, but their three-point shot and free throw percentages rose from their prior years. They shot 45.1% versus 34.1% in three point shots the prior year, which had been a career best. Both their junior and senior seasons they took 164 attempts, but they made 74 as a senior versus just 56 as a junior. Their free throw percentage also recovered a bit in their senior season moving to 72.4% from 70.7% but still below their sophomore effort of 76.4%. They finished second in the Big Ten in assists to Darius Morris, but also finished third in three point shooting percentage.
Professional career
Europe
On July 14, 2011, McCamey signed with Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi of the Turkish Basketball League. On December 8, 2011, they parted ways with Mersin after appearing in just seven games. On December 16, 2011, they signed with Hapoel Jerusalem. In January 2012, they left Hapoel after appearing in just four games.
National Basketball Association
In July 2012, McCamey joined the Chicago Bulls for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On September 25, 2012, they signed with the Houston Rockets. However, they were later waived by the Rockets on October 12, 2012. In November 2012, they were acquired by the Rio Grande Valley Vipers of the NBA Development League as an affiliate player of the Rockets. They played in games for the Vipers until December 21. On December 25, 2012, they were waived by the Vipers. Two days later, they were acquired by the Erie BayHawks and debuted with the team on December 28. On March 12, 2013, they were waived by the BayHawks. Later that month, they were acquired by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants.
In July 2013, McCamey joined the Minnesota Timberwolves for the 2013 NBA Summer League.
Australia
On August 27, 2013, McCamey signed a one-year deal with Cairns Taipans. In 28 games for the Taipans, they averaged 11.6 points, 3.3 rebounds and 2.9 assists per game.
Japan
In August 2014, McCamey signed with the Oita Heat Devils of the Japanese bj league. In 50 games for the Heat Devils, they averaged 12.9 points, 3.3 rebounds, 3.3 assists and 1.1 steals per game.
Return to D-League
On October 31, 2015, McCamey was selected by the Austin Spurs in the second round of the 2015 NBA Development League Draft. They made the opening night roster and averaged 9.4 points in 55 games during the 2015–16 season.
On October 29, 2016, McCamey was reacquired by the Spurs.
Italy
On June 17, 2017, McCamey signed with Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna of the Serie A2 Basket.
Return to Austin
On December 15, 2018, the Austin Spurs announced that they had re-signed McCamey.
Personal
McCamey is the son of Demetri McCamey, Sr. and Sabrina Watson. They have three brothers and one sister. They were a member of the Jessie White Tumbling Team as a youngster.
References
External links
Illinois Fighting Illini
nbadraft.net profile
NBA G League profile
1989 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Australia
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Austin Spurs players
Basketball players from Illinois
Cairns Taipans players
Ehime Orange Vikings players
Erie BayHawks (2008–2017) players
Fort Wayne Mad Ants players
Fortitudo Pallacanestro Bologna players
Hapoel Jerusalem B.C. players
Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball players
Mersin Büyükşehir Belediyesi S.K. players
People from Bellwood, Illinois
Point guards
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
Shooting guards
Sportspeople from Cook County, Illinois
Albert Lamppu (April 8, 1899 in Metsäpirtti – July 25, 1976) was a Finnish track and field athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
They were born in Metsäpirtti and died in Helsinki.
In 1928 they finished ninth in the javelin throw competition.
References
Sports Reference profile
1899 births
1976 deaths
People from Priozersky District
People from Viipuri Province (Grand Duchy of Finland)
Finnish male javelin throwers
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Jackson Township is one of eighteen townships in Callaway County, Missouri, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 2,150.
History
Jackson Township was created December 25, 1875 from the former northeastern sector of Liberty Township and the northwestern sector of Nine Mile Prairie Township—as one can see by comparing the 1867 and 1897 maps of Callaway County townships. This took the city of Auxvasse, out of Liberty Township and put it in the new Jackson Township. This is especially significant for historical and genealogical research.
Geography
Jackson Township covers an area of and contains one incorporated settlement, Auxvasse. It contains four cemeteries: Auxvasse, Grand Prairie, Harrison and Pleasant Grove.
The streams of Bynum Creek, Hunt Branch, Smith Branch and Yates Branch run through this township.
References
USGS Geographic Names Information System (GNIS)
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
(Callaway County 1876—see p2 for map of entire county with township boundaries) http://digital.shsmo.org/cdm/ref/collection/plat/id/6022
(Callaway County 1930—see last page for map of entire county with township boundaries) http://cdm16795.contentdm.oclc.org/cdm/ref/collection/moplatbooks/id/656
Townships in Callaway County, Missouri
Jefferson City metropolitan area
Townships in Missouri
Allowoodsonia is a plant genus in the family Apocynaceae, first described in 1967. It contains only one known species, Allowoodsonia whitmorei, endemic to the Solomon Islands in the SW Pacific.
References
External links
Flora of the Solomon Islands (archipelago)
Monotypic Apocynaceae genera
Malouetieae
Kim Ji-hoon (born January 17, 1987, Goyang City) is a South Korean super featherweight/lightweight boxer.
Boxing career
"Volcano" Kim Ji-hoon began their boxing career in October 2004 in South Korea, winning eight of their first 12 fights. In July 2006, they fought their first match abroad at the International Conference Hall in Nagoya, Aichi, Japan, where they lost to Makyo Sugita by unanimous decision after 10 rounds.
In May 2008, they fought their first United States match in Las Vegas, Nevada, where they defeated Georgian born Koba Gogoladze by technical knockout in the first round. Kim survived a series of punishing blows from their opponent before knocking them down with a devastating left hook, ultimately finishing the match with a flurry of punches moments later. In March 2009, they fought their second U.S. fight in Laredo, Texas, defeating Gilbert Salinas by TKO in the eighth round.
On February 12, 2010, Kim fought national amateur champion Tyrone Harris as part of the Friday Night Fights main event. Kim won by TKO in the fifth round after the referee stopped the fight.
On May 21, 2010, Kim fought Ameth Diaz as part of the Friday Night Fights main event. Kim defeated Diaz by TKO in the first round at 2:59.
Kim lost their first fight in four years on August 15, 2010, to Miguel Vazquez for the vacant IBF Lightweight title by unanimous decision.
References
External links
Article from Banner Promotions.com
|-
International Boxing Organization champions
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Gyeonggi Province
South Korean male boxers
Welterweight boxers
Club Deportivo Popular Junior F.C. S.A. (), commonly known as Junior de Barranquilla, by its old name Atlético Junior, or simply as Junior, is a Colombian professional football team based in Barranquilla, that currently plays in the Categoría Primera A. Junior is the main Caribbean team in the top flight of Colombian football. In present day they are sitting in the 25th place in the best South American team as of 2022.
The club was founded on August 7, 1924. Known as Los Tiburones (The Sharks), or El Equipo Tiburón (The Shark Team). Junior have won the Colombian professional football championship nine times (1977, 1980, 1993, 1995, 2004 Finalización, 2010 Apertura, 2011 Finalización, 2018 Finalización and 2019 Apertura). Some of the most notable players that have played for the club include Heleno de Freitas, Garrincha, Dida, Juan Ramón Verón, Efraín Sánchez, Carlos "El Pibe" Valderrama, Iván Valenciano, Teófilo Gutiérrez, Carlos Bacca, Julio César Uribe, Giovanni Hernández, Sebastián Viera and Luis Díaz.
History
In the early 1920s a team named Juventus came into being at the Colegio Salesiano in the San Roque neighborhood of Barranquilla, unsurprisingly given the name made up primarily of Italian immigrants. Soon after its launch the name was changed to the Spanish Juventud, though both translate the same in English: youth. In August 1924 some of the younger members of Juventud along with other young men from San Roque created an offshoot of Juventud: Juventud Infantil.
Around the 1940s (and the club's name was shortened to simply Junior) they became known as one of the country's best clubs. In 1945 the players of Junior were selected to represent Colombia at the South American Championship (now known as the Copa América), finishing a respectable fifth (though losing 7–0 to Uruguay and 9–1 to Argentina along the way). In 1949 they were again selected to represent Colombia (finishing last place) but this time their decision to play would have its consequences.
In 1948 Junior were founder members of División Mayor del Fútbol Profesional Colombiano (commonly known as the Dimayor). Their debut match as a professional outfit came at home on August 15, 1948, against Deportivo Cali, which ended in a 2–0 victory for the home side. Early the following year they were again chosen to play as the de facto Colombia national team. Because of ongoing strife between Adefutbol (the original amateur Colombian football association) and the Dimayor, Junior were threatened with expulsion from the Dimayor if they participated. They went ahead and did so and were initially given a two-year suspension from the league. This was later reduced to one year and they returned to the Dimayor for the 1950 season.
This was the golden age of Colombian football commonly referred to as El Dorado, a time when the Dimayor was a "rebel league" unaffiliated with FIFA and many high-profile players from around the world broke their contracts and came to play. Junior were no exception, picking up players from Brazil, Argentina, Hungary and the Czech Republic in these years. But El Dorado eventually came to an end for Colombian football.
A way ahead surfaced in the mid-1960s when a rift had again developed in Colombian football, this time between Adefutbol and the newly created Federación Colombiana de Fútbol, an organization devoted to developing professional football in the country. Adefutbol was still the official body in the eyes of FIFA and organized the national team in this period and additionally Colombian clubs did not enter the Copa Libertadores. Peace was finally made and the bulk of the amateur team that had attempted to qualify for the England World Cup signed up for Junior, who returned to the Dimayor in 1966. Junior have remained in the top level ever since.
In 1977 Junior won their first Colombian championship, finishing first place in the Apertura. They won further championships in 1980, 1993, 1995, the 2004-II (Finalización), the 2010-I (Apertura), and the 2011-II (Finalizacion). Junior have appeared in the Copa Libertadores nine times (reaching the semi-finals in 1994), and the Copa Sudamericana and Copa CONMEBOL once each.
Symbols
Badge
The team's badge has a Swiss shape; it's 6 cm wide by 8 cm tall, divided into two horizontal stripes.
The inferior stripe is divided into 9 vertical white and red stripes. The superior part is another horizontal blue stripe where the stars are placed. The stars have 9 points; each star represents a league championships the team has won.
Flag
Junior's flag is composed of 9 horizontal stripes representing the 9 stars they have now, 5 red and 4 white ones which alternate, the superior and the inferior ones are red. Overlapped on top of the strips there is a blue triangle. This triangle occupies all the wide of the flag on its vertical side. The white stars are superimposed on the triangle.
Honours
Domestic competitions
Categoría Primera A
Winners (9): 1977, 1980, 1993, 1995, 2004–II, 2010–I, 2011–II, 2018–II, 2019–I
Runners-up (10): 1948, 1970, 1983, 2000, 2003–I, 2009–I, 2014–I, 2015–II, 2016–I, 2019–II
Copa Colombia
Winners (2): 2015, 2017
Runners-up (1): 2016
Superliga Colombiana
Winners (2): 2019, 2020
Runners-up (1): 2012
International honours
Copa Sudamericana
Runners-up (1): 2018
Reebok Cup
Winners (1): 1997
Performance in CONMEBOL competitions
Copa Libertadores: 13 appearances
Best: Semi-finals in 1994
Copa Sudamericana: 5 appearances
2004: Quarterfinals
2015: Second stage
2016: Quarterfinals
2017: Semi-finals
2018: Runners-up
Copa CONMEBOL: 1 appearance
1992: Quarter-finals
Players
Current squad
Out on loan
Personnel
Technical staff
Notable players
Most appearances
Most goals
Historic players
Carlos Babington
Daniel Carnevali
Edgardo Bauza
Juan Carlos Delménico
Omar Pérez
José Daniel Ponce
Juan Ramón Verón
Carlos Ischia
Jose Daniel Ponce
Paulo César Caju
Cassiano
Dida
Garrincha
Heleno de Freitas
Quarentinha
Víctor Ephanor
Cristián Montecinos
Nelson Tapia
Alfredo Arango
Hayder Palacio
Martín Arzuaga
Carlos Bacca
Jorge Bolaño
Teófilo Gutiérrez
Giovanni Hernández
Vladimir Hernández
Roberto Meléndez
Alexis Mendoza
Víctor Pacheco
Efraín "El Caimán" Sánchez
Iván Valenciano
Carlos "El Pibe" Valderrama
Luis Díaz
Alex "Didi" Valderrama
Béla Sárosi
László Szoke
Julio César Uribe
Julio Comesaña
Sebastián Viera
Managers
Affiliated clubs
Barranquilla Currently in the second division
References
External links
Official Web site of Club Atlético Junior
Fuerza Tiburona Supporter's Team Website
Junior
Association football clubs established in 1924
1924 establishments in Colombia
Categoría Primera A club
Beigongda Ximen (Beijing Univ. of Tech. West Gate) station () is a station on Line 14 of the Beijing Subway. It was opened on December 26, 2015.
Station layout
The station has an underground island platform.
Exits
There are 3 exits, lettered A, C, and D. Exit C is accessible.
Gallery
References
Railway stations in China opened in 2015
Beijing Subway stations in Chaoyang District
Crown counsel are lawyers, generally in Common Law jurisdictions, who provide advice to the government and acts as prosecutors in cases. In various jurisdictions their title can vary and they could also be known as the Queen's Advocate, King's Advocate or Crown advocate.
In some Canadian provinces they are titled Crown attorney.
In Ceylon, following the enactment of the republican constitution, Crown Counsel were re-titled State Counsel. In Hong Kong, following the handover of Hong Kong to China, Crown Counsel were re-titled Government Counsel.
See also
Crown attorney
Crown advocate
References
Prosecution
Lawyers
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1532.
Events
unknown dates
William Thynne's edition of The Workes of Geffray Chaucer is published in England.
First edition of François Villon's Œuvres with a commentary by Clément Marot is published in France.
First complete edition of Ariosto's Orlando Furioso is published in Italy.
Yamazaki Sōkan compiles the Shinseninutsukubashū, a significant anthology of Japanese renku poetry (from which haiku will develop).
New books
Prose
Otto Brunfels – Contrafayt Kräuterbuch (second and final part: 1537)
Sebald Heyden – De arte canendi (first installment)
Niccolò Machiavelli (posthumous) – The Prince (Il Principe)
Thomas More – The Confutation of Tyndale's Answer
François Rabelais (as Alcofribas Nasier) – Pantagruel (Les horribles et épouvantables faits et prouesses du très renommé Pantagruel Roi des Dipsodes, fils du Grand Géant Gargantua)
Feliciano de Silva – Don Florisel de Niquea
Poetry
Clément Marot – L'Adolescence clémentine
Births
February 19 – Jean-Antoine de Baïf, French poet and member of La Pléiade (died 1589)
November 28 – Bartholomäus Ringwaldt, German didactic poet (died c.1599)
Unknown dates
Étienne Jodelle, French poet and playwright associated with La Pléiade (died 1573)
Dominicus Lampsonius, Flemish humanist poet and painter (died 1599)
Probable year
Thomas Norton, English politician and poet (died 1584)
Tulsidas (तुलसीदास), Indian Hindu Awadhi language poet, sant and philosopher (died 1623)
Deaths
August 19 – Caritas Pirckheimer, German abbess and chronicler (born 1573)
unknown date – Thomas Arthur, dramatist (year of birth unknown)
References
1532
1532 books
Renaissance literature
Early Modern literature
Years of the 16th century in literature
A tiger tail is the tail of a tiger.
Tiger tail may also refer to:
Tiger Tail (19th century), Seminole leader
Tiger Tail (play), a 1970 stage play by Tennessee Williams based on their screenplay for Baby Doll
Tiger tail banding of hair, a symptom of trichothiodystrophy
Tiger tail donut, a donut that is twisted with another ingredient so that it looks like the tail of a tiger
Tiger tail ice cream, orange-flavoured ice cream with black licorice chunks
Tiger Tail Peninsula, a nonexistent landform in southeast Asia found in medieval world maps
Tiger tail seahorse (Hippocampus comes), a species of fish
Tiger Tail, Tennessee, an unincorporated community
Tiger tail wire, a kind of thin wire encased in nylon
Tiger Tail, the title of the reissue of jazz saxophonist Stanley Turrentine's album Stan "The Man" Turrentine
See also
Tiger by the Tail (disambiguation)
Tigertail (disambiguation)
Tiger Tale, a 2002 children's picture book
Tail of a Tiger, a 1984 Australian film
The Tiger's Tail, a 2006 Irish film
James Clarke (born 7 May 1979) is a former English cricketer. Clarke was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born in Lincoln, Lincolnshire.
Clarke made their debut for Lincolnshire in the 1997 Minor Counties Championship against Cambridgeshire. Clarke played Minor counties cricket for Lincolnshire from 1997 to 2004, which included 43 Minor Counties Championship matches and 18 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. They made their List A debut against Wales Minor Counties in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. They played 7 further List A match for Lincolnshire, the last coming against Nottinghamshire in the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy. In their 8 matches, they scored 173 runs at an average of 21.62. They scored their only half century when they made 53 against Nottinghamshire in the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Cricketers from Lincoln, England
English cricketers
Lincolnshire cricketers
House Nunatak () is one of the Grossman Nunataks in Palmer Land, Antarctica, located southeast of Whitmill Nunatak. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after John R. House Jr., a United States Geological Survey cartographer who worked in the field at South Pole Station and Byrd Station, 1972–73.
References
Nunataks of Palmer Land
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1979–80 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
Hidden Treasures Ruslan FM 95.2 Miss Nepal 2019, the 25th Silver Jubilee anniversary of Miss Nepal beauty pageant, which was held on 9 May 2019 at Laboratory H.S. premises, Kirtipur, Nepal . During the coronation night, four major winners was crowned as Miss Universe Nepal 2019, Miss World Nepal 2019, Miss Earth Nepal 2019 and Miss International Nepal 2019. Miss Supranational Nepal was also added as a new title in this year's edition making Top 5 winners.
The Top 5 winners of 2018 crowned their successors: Miss Nepal Universe 2018 Manita Devkota crowned Pradeepta Adhikari as Miss Nepal Universe 2019, Miss Nepal World 2018 Shrinkhala Khatiwada crowned Anushka Shrestha as Miss Nepal World 2019, Miss Nepal Earth 2018 Priya Sigdel crowned Riya Basnet as Miss Nepal Earth 2019, Miss Nepal International 2018 Ronali Amatya crowned Meera Kakshapati as Miss Nepal International 2019 and Miss Nepal Supranational 2018 Mahima Singh crowned Rose Lama as Miss Nepal Supranational 2019.
In addition, the winners received Rs 100,000 as prize money for winning the title. The auditions of Miss Nepal were held from 13 to 24 March in Birtamode, Birgunj, Butwal, Chitwan, Dhangadhi, Dharan, Nepalgunj, Pokhara and Kathmandu. Regional pageants winners like Miss Pokhara; Miss Purwanchal, Miss Western Nepal and Miss Nepal Oceania 2018 (Anushka Shrestha) were directly qualified for Top 25 of the Miss Nepal 2019 along with one contestant from Livon Wild Card entry. Miss Hong Kong Nepal 2018 (Priya Gurung) was barred from participating due to the age limit
NTV and NTV PLUS broadcast the pageant live for the Nepalese at home and abroad.
Results
Placements
Color key
The Big 5 main titles were awarded in the following order:
Special Awards
Contestants
(●) The winner of NMag Miss Popular Choice (online voting) got direct entry in Top 15 Semi-Finalists.
Previous Experience
(#) Anushka Shrestha is the winner of Miss Nepal Oceania 2018 and they got a direct entry to Miss Nepal 2019.
(#) Sara Bajimaya is Miss Pokhara 2018 and got a direct entry to Miss Nepal 2019.
(#) Pooja Shrestha is Miss Purwanchal 2018 and they got a direct entry to Miss Nepal 2019.
(#) Shiwani Ghimire is the winner of Miss Western Nepal 2018 and they got a direct entry to Miss Nepal 2019.
(#) Rose Lama was Miss Nepal California 2017.
(#) Nisha Pathak is the Winner of the Pageant Miss Global International 2014, which was held in Kathmandu, Nepal. They also bagged the Miss Discipline title at the event. Besides, they represented Nepal at the Miss Heritage International 2015 pageant held in New Delhi, India. They were one of the top 5 winners at the event.
References
External links
Miss Nepal Website
Miss Nepal Official Website
Beauty pageants in Nepal
2019 beauty pageants
2019 in Nepal
Miss Nepal
Richard Fraser is a Canadian wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
Canadian male curlers
Canadian wheelchair curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Seeger is the surname of various people.
Etymology
Seeger is one of the variant forms of Seagar, a surname of Middle English origin based on the given name Segar, which was formed from Old English sæ ("sea") and gar ("spear").
Seeger family of musicians
Charles Seeger (1886–1979), American musicologist, composer, and teacher
(i) Constance Edson Seeger, violinist; first wife of Charles; three children
Charles Seeger III, (1912–2002) astronomer
John Seeger, (1914–2010), high school principal and co-founder of Camp Killooleet, a summer camp in Vermont
Pete Seeger (1919–2014), one of the preeminent American folk and protest singers of the 20th century
() Toshi Seeger (1922–2013), filmmaker and environmental activist, wife of Pete Seeger; 4 children
Daniel Seeger
Mika Seeger American ceramic artist; daughter of Pete and Toshi Seeger
Tao Rodríguez-Seeger (b. 1972), a contemporary American folk musician; son of Mika
Tinya Seeger
(ii) Ruth Crawford Seeger (1901–1953), a modernist composer and an American folk music specialist; second wife of Charles; 4 children
Mike Seeger (1933–2009), American folk musician and folklorist
Chris Arley Seeger (born 1961), technologist, broadcast engineer, mixer-editor; married to Laura Vaccaro Seeger, a children's book author-illustrator
Peggy Seeger (born 1935), American folk singer and songwriter; wife of Scottish folk singer Ewan MacColl and stepmother of singer Kirsty MacColl
Neil MacColl, guitarist for David Gray; son of Peggy Seeger and Ewan MacColl
Jamie MacColl, guitarist in Bombay Bicycle Club and Neil MacColl's son
Barbara Seeger, appeared on Animal Folk Songs for Children (1992) with Mike Seeger and others
Penny Seeger, married John Cohen
Alan Seeger (1888–1916), American poet; brother of Charles
Elizabeth Seeger (1889–1973), teacher at Dalton School and author; sister of Charles and Alan
Others
Christopher A. Seeger (b. 1960), American attorney
Al Seeger (b. 1980), American boxer
Andreas Seeger, German mathematician
Britta Seeger (b. 1969), German business executive
Charles M. Seeger (b. 1948), American author and attorney
Daniel Seeger (b. 1934), defendant in a case on conscription of pacifists
Hal Seeger (1917–2005), an animated cartoon producer and director
Louis Seeger (1798–1865), a German equestrian
Melanie Seeger (b. 1977), German race walker
Stanley J. Seeger (1930–2011), American art collector
Legal cases
"Seeger" may also reference either of two legal cases involving the individuals below:
United States v. Seeger, regarding Daniel Seeger's conscription
Seeger v. United States, regarding Pete Seeger's refusal to testify in front of the HUAC
Schools
Seeger Memorial Junior-Senior High School in West Lebanon, Indiana
Elizabeth Seeger School in Greenwich Village, established in 1971 by five teachers from Dalton School
See also
Seger
Seager
Segger (surname)
Object names
Seeger ring, alternative name for a circlip
The closest modern named object that corresponds to a seaspear is a Harpoon.
References
Kilcroagh may refer to:
Kilcroagh, County Antrim, a townland in County Antrim, Northern Ireland
Kilcroagh, County Tyrone, a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland
Edige Rishatuly Niyazov (, Edige Rıshatuly Nııazov; Russian: Едыге Решатович Ниязов; 22 March 1940, Alma-Ata (Almaty) — 29 November 2009, Pavlodar) was a Soviet and Kazakhstan photographer.
Biography
Edige Niyazov was born in 1940 in Alma-Ata. They graduated from the History Department of the Kazakh State University and worked as a history teacher from 1964 to 1977. They were a member of the Photographers Union of Russia, Honorary member of the Mediterranean Photography Center «Dark Fountain» in France and member of the Kazakh's «Pryirtysh» Association.
Exhibitions
Personal photoexhibitions:
Almaty (2000, 2004, Kazakhstan);
Hamburg (1999, Germany);
Melitopol (1988, Ukraine);
Moscow (1987, 2002, Russia);
Omsk (2009, Ru: Museum of The Art named by M. A. Vrubel, Russia);
Pavlodar (1998, 2004; 2010 (17.03.2010 — 17.04.2010), Ru: Exhibition0 ~180 photos, Pavlodar Oblast' Art Museum, Kazakhstan);
Saint-Peterburg (2.07.2009 — 27.07.2009, Ru: «Direct Photography», 1983–1993 years, gallery «D-137» in the Government Russian Museum, Russia).
Stockholm (1988, Sweden);
Ukhta (1990, Russia);
Aix-en-Provence (1990, 1992, France);
Also have a participation of Art of Photography Exhibition in France, USA, Finland, Sweden, Japan, Russia, Spain and so on.
Bibliography
See also
Ru: статья на Photographer.Ru — это профессиональный экспертный интернет-ресурс.
Ru: Небольшая галерея фотографий
Ru: анонсы выставок на сайте Союза фотохудожников России (также )
Ru: «Петербургский эпос Едыге Ниязова», авт. Андрей Хлобыстин
Ru: «Художник светописи», газета Известия от 08 декабря 2006, авт. Зауре Ахметова
Ru: «...трагическая смерть», газета Комсомольская правда от 01.12.2009, авт. Т. Ермашев
1940 births
2009 deaths
Kazakhstani photographers
People from Almaty
Mochnant, a name translating as "the rapid stream", was a medieval cantref in the Kingdom of Powys.
In the 12th century it was divided into the commotes of Mochnant Is Rhaeadr (in the north) and Mochnant Uwch Rhaeadr (in the south) (Is signifying 'below' and Uwch 'above' the River Rhaeadr).
Its north-west border was with the cantref of Penllyn, originally in Powys but which became annexed to the Kingdom of Gwynedd during the time of Owain Brogyntyn. It bordered the cantrefi of Caereinion and Mechain to the south, and Maelor to the north-east. The administrative centre was Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant in Mochnant Is Rhaeadr.
After the death of Madog ap Maredudd and their eldest son and heir in 1160, the kingdom was divided up between their surviving sons Gruffydd Maelor, Owain Fychan and Owain Brogyntyn, their nephew Owain Cyfeiliog and their half-brother Iorwerth Goch. Mochnant was initially given to Iorwerth Goch, but in 1166 they were ejected by Owain Cyfeiliog and Owain Fychan, who took control of Mochnant Uwch Rhaedr and Mochnant Is Rhaedr respectively: Iorwerth later established themselves in the Ceiriog Valley, becoming the castellan of Chirk.
The northern part of Powys, including Mochnant Is Rhaeadr, later became Powys Fadog; the southern part including Mochnant Uwch Rhaeadr became Powys Wenwynwyn. Following Edward I's conquest of Wales (1282–1283), Mochnant Is Rhaeadr become part of the Marcher Lordship of Chirk, but Mochnant Uwch Rhaeadr remained under Welsh rule. Later, Mochnant Is Rhaeadr was in Denbighshire, while Mochnant Uwch Rhaeadr was in Montgomeryshire.
The name survives in the placename Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant, this village also had the ancient commote's ecclesiastical centre at the church of St Dogfan; ym Mochant means 'in Mochnant'.
References
Cantrefs
Commotes
History of Powys
Blang Mangat is a district in Lhokseumawe, Aceh, Indonesia.
Administrative divisions
list the name of the village (Gampong) is in Districts of Blang Mangat
Gampong Alue Lim (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Asan Kareung (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Baloy (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Buloh (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Cut (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Punteut (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Teue (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Weu Baroh (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Blang Weu Panjou (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Jambo Mesjid(postcode : 24375)
Gampong Jambo Timu (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Jeulikat (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Keude Punteut (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Kuala Meuraksa (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Kumbang Punteut (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Mane Kareung (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Mesjid Meuraksa (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Mesjid Punteut (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Rayeuk Kareung (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Seuneubok (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Teungoh (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Tunong (postcode : 24375)
Gampong Ulee Blang Mane (postcode : 24375)
References
Lhokseumawe
Populated places in Aceh
districts of Lhokseumawe
Lia is a Brazilian miniseries produced by RecordTV and Casablanca. The series is created by Paula Richard. It premiered on 26 June 2018 and ended on 9 July 2018. Bruna Pazinato stars as the titular character. The series also has the participation of Graziella Schmitt, Felipe Cardoso, Augusto Garcia, Leandro Lima, Brenno Leone, Júlia Maggessi, and Suzana Alves.
The production of miniseries began in May 2018.
Plot
Lia is a strong and good-hearted young woman who has never stopped believing in love despite the mishaps in their life. After losing their mother as a child and going through various mistreatment in the hands of their stepmother Laila, they fall in love with Jacó, but they only has eyes for their cunning sister, Raquel, a girl who likes to seduce the boys and covets riches, though they decide to accept their advances to make Lia suffer. Jacó made a deal with the young women's father, Labão, to work seven years in exchange for Raquel's hand, but on the wedding day, Lia is covered with a veil and is given in marriage by their father. After discovering the exchange the next day, Jacó questions Labão, who states that the family tradition is that the eldest daughter marry first, but that they could also marry Raquel in return for another seven years of work, which the boy accepts, obsessed with their sensuality.
Married to the same man, the sisters vie for the attention of Jacó, who attends to Raquel's luxurious desires, while humiliating Lia, and having to deal with Jacó's involvement with the two servants of the house, Zilpa and Bila. In spite of all contempt, Lia gives Jacó seven children: Rubem, Simeão, Levi, Judá, Issacar, Zebulom, and Diná, the only daughter in the house and the only child to receive affection from their father, which causes envy of the other brothers. Meanwhile Raquel manages to have only José, whom their father has as the only one worthy of true love, which causes rebellion in the children of Lia. Determined not to let their family collapse and prove their true love, Lia can gradually show Jacó that kindness can heal scars and that they are the right woman for him.
Cast
Bruna Pazinato as Lia Paddan
Laura Svacina as Young Lia
Graziella Schmitt as Raquel Paddan
Sofia Budke as Young Raquel
Felipe Cardoso as Jacó de Israel
Augusto Garcia as Saul
Leandro Lima as Rubem de Israel Paddan
Brenno Leone as Simeão de Israel Paddan
Júlia Maggessi as Diná de Israel Paddan
Suzana Alves as Laila
Théo Becker as Labão Paddan
Saulo Meneghetti as Hananias
Thaís Müller as Zilpa Mayan
Isabella Tigre as Young Zilpa
Caca Ottoni as Bila Mut
Felipe Cunha as Eliabe
Bruno Peixoto as José de Israel Paddan
Maurício Pitanga as Levi de Israel Paddan
Bru Malucelli as Judá de Israel Paddan
Marcus Bessa as Issacar de Israel Paddan
Igor Fernandez as Zebulom de Israel Paddan
Matheus Venâncio as Aser Mayan
Walter Nunes as Gade Mayan
Caio Lucas Leão as Naftali Mut
Rafael Awi as Dã Mut
Paula Jubé as Adinah
Mariana Cysne as Dalila
Pedro Monteiro as Esaú
Silvio Matos as Isaque
Rose Abdallah as Rebeca
Paulo Carvalho as Rei Hamor
Bruno Ahmed as Príncipe Siquém
Nica Bonfim as Parteira
Ratings
References
RecordTV miniseries
Portuguese-language telenovelas
Television series based on the Bible
2018 Brazilian television series debuts
2018 Brazilian television series endings
Brazilian television miniseries
Period television series
Graham Mertz is an American college football quarterback for the Wisconsin Badgers.
Early life
Mertz's first two years of high school were spent at Bishop Miege High School in Roeland Park, Kansas. While there, they played high school football and backed up all-state quarterback Carter Putz. Before their junior year, Mertz transferred to Blue Valley North High School in Overland Park, Kansas. They led Blue Valley North to a Class 6A state championship as a junior, and to state runner-up as a senior. In their senior year they completed 61.1% of their passes for 3,886 yards and a state-record 51 touchdowns. They were a finalist for the Elite 11 quarterback competition in 2018, and was named Gatorade Kansas Football Player of the Year. Graham was invited to the All-American Bowl after their senior season, where they set a bowl record with five touchdown passes and was named game MVP.
Mertz was rated as a four-star recruit by ESPN, 247Sports.com, and Rivals.com. ESPN rated them as the best pocket passer in the class of 2019 and 21st highest rated recruit overall. In the 247Sports Composite, Mertz was rated as the third-highest rated pro-style quarterback, the highest rated Kansas recruit, and 65th highest rated recruit overall.
Mertz committed to play football at the University of Wisconsin–Madison on October 9, 2017.
College career
Three-year Wisconsin starting quarterback Alex Hornibrook announced that they would be transferring to Florida State for the 2019 season, leaving the starting role open for competition between Mertz and junior Jack Coan. ESPN described Mertz as Wisconsin's "most hyped QB since Russell Wilson." Mertz ultimately lost the starting job to Coan, and redshirted their true first-year student season after appearing in two games.
With Coan injured in practice before the 2020 season, Mertz began the season as the starting quarterback, becoming the first first-year student quarterback to start a season-opening game for the Badgers since 1978. Mertz started the game with 17 consecutive completed passes, tying the school record, and their final line of 20-for-21 broke the school single-game completion percentage record with 95.2%. Their five passing touchdowns in the 45–7 win over Illinois also tied the school single-game record. They were named Big Ten Co-Offensive Player of the Week and Freshman of the Week for the performance. The day after the Illinois game, Mertz tested positive for COVID-19, in what would prove to be a team-wide outbreak that forced the cancellation of their next two games against Nebraska and Purdue. Mertz recovered in time for the team's next game against Michigan, which the Badgers won 49–11, despite a more subdued performance from Mertz, who threw for 127 yards and two touchdowns in the game. Wisconsin lost its next three games, against Northwestern, Indiana, and Iowa, with Mertz throwing four interceptions to just one passing touchdown during that stretch. In the final game of the regular season, against rival Minnesota, played on Big Ten Championship Saturday, Mertz left the game in the third quarter with an ankle injury. The Badgers eventually won in overtime, 20–17. The Badgers were invited to play against Wake Forest in the Duke's Mayo Bowl. Mertz went 11-for-17, with 130 passing yards and one touchdown in the 42–28 win. After the game, Mertz dropped the trophy in the locker room celebration, shattering the football made of glass on the top of the trophy.
Statistics
As of September 26, 2022:
College accolades
Awards and honors
Big Ten Conference
1x Big Ten Co-Offensive Player of the Week (2020)
1× Big Ten Freshman of the Week (2020)
Personal life
Graham's father, Ron Mertz, played football as an offensive lineman at Minnesota from 1989–92. Graham has two sisters that played college basketball: Lauren, at Kansas State, and Mya, at Drake.
References
External links
Wisconsin Badgers bio
Living people
Players of American football from Kansas
Sportspeople from the Kansas City metropolitan area
American football quarterbacks
People from Overland Park, Kansas
Wisconsin Badgers football players
2000 births
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr's Church is a church designated for Polish immigrants in South Deerfield, Massachusetts, United States. Founded 1908, it is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.
The Parish name was changed in 2009 to Holy Family Parish, to accommodate the pastoral planning project of the Bishop of Springfield, Timothy McDonnell.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus Bishop & Martyr - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Pastoral planning in Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Deerfield, Massachusetts
1908 establishments in Massachusetts
Christian organizations established in 1908
Nemoli is a town and comune of 1,501 inhabitants, found in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. The town, positioned between the Apennine Mountains, is noted for its artisanal work, typically in wood and copper.
Geography
Nemoli is found in the southernmost area of the province of Potenza. Its territory extends for about 12 miles, or 19.7 kilometers. Located at the center of the Noce valley, it's surrounded by the Sonante, Torbido, and Pulcino rivers, aqueducts from which supply many of the surrounding valley towns with water. To the north, near the old station of Nemoli, at 2585 feet or 788 meters above sea-level, is Lake Sirino.
Nemoli is surrounded by the Apennine Mountains, whose notable peaks include Mount Coccovello () and Mount Sirino (). The region has various vegetation, including fruit trees, olive trees, beech trees, vines, meadows. Among which there are foxes, hares, badgers, martens, hedgehogs and the rare European squirrel "moscardino". It is also possible to see imperial crows, kits, and buzzards fly over the valley.
In the main center of town, there are archways, alleys, Neapolitan style galleries, the eighteenth-century palazzo filizzola, and a bronze monument dedicated to fallen soldiers.
History
The first traces of human settlement in the Nemoli region date back to the fifth century, such as particular bronze statuettes discovered around the area. These statues, which typically represent warriors and animals, suggest an existence of a Phoencian city called Irie, whose inhabitants worshipped a male deity. The first signs of residential life in the area date back to the first centuries of the last millennium. During Medieval times, Nemoli, then called Bosco, depended on the city of Lauria, where the abbey of San Filippo was located. The town then merged with the territory of Rivello, which was one of three homesteads in the area, including San Costantino and Rotale. In 1650, a large group of Waldensians settled there, having been driven out of Calabria, which greatly increased the local population.
During the brief government of the Parthenopean Republic of 1799, the area became known as La Serra, re-entering the administrative system of the Crati department and, at a more strictly local level, of the Lauria canton. In 1806, per the desire of Giuseppe Bonaparte, the consular road delle Calabrie began to be built. This road, which crossed Bosco, brought economic prosperity and an increase in population. In these abundant times, there were factories such as ironworks and mills. Bosco also became a place of rest for carters passing through. Starting from 1824, there were numerous petitions and exhibits, forwarded to authorities and the minister and secretary of state of internal affairs, to make Bosco autonomous from Rivello. But all responses were negative, in part due to the fact that the inhabitants of Bosco and of Rivello constituted the one and only parish.
The area was renamed Nemoli with a special decree from the Borbone reign of Naples, just after the destruction of the town of the same name, Bosco in Cilento, burned and destroyed in 1828 for rebelling against the Borbone reign in Naples. Taking advantage of a visit by the king of Naples, Ferdinando II di Borbone, on 10 April 1833, a Bosco delegate took position on the shores of Lake Sirino and declared their desire for autonomy from Rivello. On 6 June in 1833, the request for independence was formally expressed to Naples, asking also to change the name of the area so as not to confuse it with the previously destroyed Bosco of Cilento. Nemoli was among the possible alternatives, as it comes from the Latin Nemus Olim, meaning once Bosco. With a decree issued 8 December 1833, Ferdinando II gave Bosco the right to build itself autonomously as a comune and to finally render itself independent from Rivello, with the name Nemoli, starting from 1 January 1834. A century later, the commission of ecclesiastical affairs submitted a request of the king to have a separate parish. As a result, inhabitants of Nemoli finally obtained their own parish on 11 October 1938 with the erecting of a church to santa Maria delle Grazie, alleviating tensions between locals.
Monuments and interesting sites
Church of Santa Maria delle Grazie - from 1600, the church conserves a wooden overhanging altar, which holds the statue of the Madonna, made in the Byzantine style of polychrome dating back to the fourteenth century. There is also a holy water stoup made by F. De Sicignano in 1512, a bell from 1373, and a remarkable rose window constructed by Florentine artisans.
Church of Lake Sirino – this church has a rose window, other effigies of the Neapolitan school, a statue of Christ made by master craftsmen of Ortisei and a wooden group of Santa Famiglia.
Church of Santa Maria
Filizzola Palace
Society
Language and dialects
The population speaks a Gallo-Italic dialect.
Traditions and folklore
Polenta festival
The polenta festival is an ancient tradition that developed around Carnevale, and that took life from spontaneous offers of the population that led to its organization. Every year, there's more than 1000 pounds (or 5 quintals) of polenta, prepared according to a centuries-old recipe with a sauce made from sausage, bacon, and ground red pepper. The polenta is offered to everyone who arrives in the town. Every serving is accompanied with local wine made by nemolesi manufacturers.
Christmas bonfire
It's a typical Nemolesi custom to light a big fire at night on Christmas Eve in the middle of Umberto I plaza. The bonfire is kept alive by various locals until Epiphany (or 6 January) and becomes a hangout spot for locals and not, who can warm up and chat while waiting for holy mass.
Culture
Music
In the popular music sphere, Nemoli has a tradition tied to songs that represent various working conditions, world events, and religious events. As in most of the Valnocina area, the organ or mandacett is the most common instrument for the style. Nemolesi musical tradition is most tied to the rites around Carnevale and Easter, for which instruments such as O 'Tricca'ballac and A' Trocc'l are played. Although not an instrument of Nemolese origins, the Cupi Cupi, built with the bladder of the Pig and played in the Carnival period, is also part of the local musical tradition.
Sport
Nemoli has an amateur soccer team, l'ASD Nemoli, enrolled in the 2nd category of Basilicata.
Infrastructure and transportation
Airport
The closest available airport is that of Lamezia Terme.
Bibliography
Luigi Ranieri, Basilicata, Unione tipografico-editrice torinese, 1972
External links
http://www.nemoli.net/
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Bernard Schilling (born in 1914 in Somborn) was a German clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Goroka. They were appointed bishop in 1959. They died in 1992.
References
1914 births
1992 deaths
German Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Goroka
20th-century German Roman Catholic priests
Armir or ARMIR may refer to:
People
Armir Grimaj, Albanian football player
ARMIR
Armata Italiana in Russia, an army-sized unit of the Italian Royal Army (Regio Esercito Italiano), during World War II
Arrouya noir is a red French wine grape variety grown in the Jurançon region of Southwest France. The grape has a long history in the region, growing in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques since at least the late 18th century. Ampelographers believe that Arrouya noir has some genetic relationship with Camaraou noir, Fer and Petit Courbu though the exact nature of those relationships is not yet known. The variety also shares some similarities in morphology with Cabernet Franc and until the late 19th century was often confused for the Loire and Bordeaux wine grape, especially in the Basses-Pyrénées and Hautes-Pyrénées region.
History and confusion with other grapes
The name Arrouya is believed to come from the word which means "red" in the Béarnese dialect. The grape has been growing the Pyrénées-Atlantiques since at least the late 18th century where it was mentioned in 1783 document as being a late-ripening variety.
Up until the late 19th century, plantings of Arrouya noir among vineyards in the foothills of the Pyrénées were misidentified as Cabernet Franc. Even today the grape is sometimes confused for Cabernet Franc or other red grape varieties of Southwest France including Fer and Manseng noir.
Viticulture
Arrouya noir is a late-ripening grape variety that can be very vigorous and high yielding if not kept in check by winter pruning and late season green harvesting. It's late-ripening nature means that it can be very sensitive to the conditions of a vintage and may not reach full physiological ripeness every year. The vine tends to produce small, compact bunches that are vulnerable to infections by botrytis bunch rot. Other viticultural hazards that Arrouya noir is susceptible to include black rot and downy mildew.
Wine regions
While Arrouya noir is permitted to be planted throughout the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, it is not widely grown and is mostly limited to the Jurançon region where it is often found in field blends along with Camaraou noir in older vineyards.
Styles
According to Master of Wine Jancis Robinson, Arrouya noir tends to produce pale-colored red wines that have noticeable levels of acidity and astringency.
Synonyms
Over the years, Arrouya noir has been known under a variety of synonyms including: Arhuya, Aroyat, Arrouyat, Arroya, Arruya, Dourec noir (in Béarn), Eremachaoua (in Béarn), Erematxahua (in French Basque Country), Rouja and Vieux rouge.
References
Red wine grape varieties
Lars Edi Stindl (born 26 August 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for and captains Bundesliga club Borussia Mönchengladbach. They represent the Germany national team. They can also play as a forward. They scored the only goal in the final of 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup against Chile to ensure Germany's first ever title.
Club career
Born in Speyer, Stindl began their career in the youth teams for TSV Wiesental and joined a similar setup at Karlsruher SC in summer 2000. They started their professional career with Karlsruher SC, making their first appearance on 15 March 2008 in the Bundesliga. They were substituted on in the 81st minute in a 0–1 defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt. On 29 November 2008, Stindl scored their first Bundesliga goal against Hannover 96. In February 2010, they announced their intention to leave Karlsruher SC. On 16 March 2010, their transfer to Hannover 96 was confirmed.
On 25 March 2015 it was confirmed that Stindl would move to Borussia Mönchengladbach for the 2015–16 season.
On 8 August 2015, they marked their competitive debut by scoring a brace in a 4–1 win at FC St. Pauli in the first round of the 2015–16 DFB-Pokal.
Stindl was confirmed as Gladbach's new captain on 1 August 2016 after the retirement of previous captain Martin Stranzl and the transfer of vice-captain Granit Xhaka to Arsenal.
On 23 February 2017, Stindl scored a hat-trick at ACF Fiorentina's Stadio Artemio Franchi, as Borussia overturned a 0–3 aggregate deficit to qualify for the UEFA Europa League Round of 16.
On 15 December 2020, Stindl scored a hat-trick against Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga. Two of the goals came after the 90th minute.
International career
Youth
Stindl is a former Germany U20 international and has won one cap for the Germany U21.
Senior
Stindl was first called up to the senior national team in 2017, for the friendly against Denmark on 6 June 2017, for the 2018 World Cup qualification match against San Marino on 10 June 2017 and for the 2017 Confederations Cup to be held from 17 June to 2 July 2017.
Stindl made their international debut on 6 June against Denmark, where they started for the game and played the full 90 minutes.
In the opening game of the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup against Australia, Stindl scored their first goal for Germany in the fifth minute of the match. They followed this up with their second international goal in Germany's 1–1 draw with Chile three days later. They repeated the feat against the same opposition in the Final of the tournament, scoring the only goal of the match to help Germany claim the title, finishing as joint top goalscorer with three goals.
On 14 November 2017 they scored a vital equaliser in the 90th minute of a friendly against France (which was the last friendly match of Germany in that year and Germans were lagging behind by 1–2), which ensured Germany's unbeaten streak remaining alive in 2017.
Career statistics
Club
1.Includes DFB-Pokal
2.Includes UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europa League
International
Germany score listed first, score column indicates score after each Stindl goal.
Honours
Germany
FIFA Confederations Cup: 2017
Individual
FIFA Confederations Cup Silver Boot: 2017
Bundesliga Player of the Month: December 2020
References
External links
German footballers
1988 births
Living people
People from Speyer
Karlsruher SC players
Karlsruher SC II players
Hannover 96 players
Borussia Mönchengladbach players
Association football midfielders
Germany youth international footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany international footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Regionalliga players
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup players
FIFA Confederations Cup-winning players
Footballers from Rhineland-Palatinate
Guajataca Tunnel is a railroad tunnel that connected the town of Isabela and Quebradillas, Puerto Rico. The tunnel is one of the most significant work of the remnants of the national railway system that connected the island during the first half of the twentieth century. In 2000, the Government of Puerto Rico declared it a historical monument.
History
The American Railroad Co. of Puerto Rico began construction of the tunnel around 1904 during the expansion of the northern line towards the west of the island. The tunnel connected the towns of Quebradillas and Isabela on the Guajataca River canyon. The construction was completed with the excavation of two tunnels on each side of the canyon. They were joined by a steel viaduct long at an elevation of above the river level.
The tunnel is open to the public but it is fairly isolated. The tunnel leads to "Guajataca beach" known for its white sand, raging surf, and dangerous turbulent waters.
Concerts are sometimes held at the Guajataca Tunnel.
In 2019, virtual tours of Guajataca Tunnel, were organized by Discover Puerto Rico, the marketing arm of the Puerto Rico Department of Tourism.
Gallery
See also
Puente Blanco
References
External links
Video, photos and visiting information
Historic American Engineering Record in Puerto Rico
Isabela, Puerto Rico
Railway tunnels in Puerto Rico
Tunnels completed in 1904
Cherry Grove is an unincorporated community in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in West Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Putnam County, West Virginia
Alvise Michiel was an Italian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska. They were appointed bishop in 1566. They died in 1582.
References
1582 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Alfred or Alf Wood may refer to:
Alfred Wood (historian) (1896–1968), British professor of modern history
Alfred Wood (cricketer) (1866–1941), English cricketer
Alfred Wood (footballer) (1879–?), English professional footballer who played as a centre forward
Alf Wood (footballer, born 1876) (1876–1919), English footballer
Alf Wood (footballer, born 1915) (1915–2001), English goalkeeper and football manager
Alf Wood (footballer, born 1945) (1945–2020), English footballer
Alf Wood (rugby) (1883–1963), rugby union and rugby league footballer of the 1900s and 1910s for England (RU), Gloucester, Great Britain (RL), England, and Oldham
Alf Wood (Australian footballer) (1875–1945), Australian rules footballer
Alfred M. Wood (1825–1895), officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War
Anthony Cuthbert Baines (1912–1997) was an English organologist who produced a wide variety of works on the history of musical instruments, and was a founding member of the Galpin Society.
They attended Westminster School and then read for a degree in chemistry at Christ Church, Oxford. They subsequently won a scholarship to the Royal College of Music as a bassoon player, and went on to perform with the London Philharmonic Orchestra.
Selected publications
Woodwind Instruments and their History (London: Faber & Faber, 1957; reprinted 1962, 1967, 1991)
Bagpipes (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1960; reprinted 1979, 1995),
Musical Instruments Through the Ages (Harmondsworth: Pelican, 1961; revised edition, London: Faber, 1966),
European and American Musical Instruments (London: B. T. Batsford, 1966; London: Chancellor, 1983)
Brass Instruments: Their History and Development (London: Faber, 1976; reprinted New York: Dover, 1993)
The Bate Collection of Historical Wind Instruments (Oxford University, Faculty of Music, 1976),
The Oxford Companion to Musical Instruments (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1992),
Bibliography
Jeremy Montagu: "Anthony Baines, 1912–97", in Early Music vol. 25 (1997), May, pp. 345–346.
Joan Rimmer: "Anthony Cuthbert Baines, 1912–1997: A Biographical Memoir", in: The Galpin Society Journal vol. 52 (1999), April, pp. 11–26.
https://www.thebritishacademy.ac.uk/documents/373/115p053.pdf
References
1912 births
1997 deaths
20th-century musicologists
English musicologists
History of the bagpipes
Organologists
Fellows of the British Academy
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Royal Tank Regiment officers
British Army personnel of World War II
British World War II prisoners of war
People educated at Westminster School, London
20th-century British conductors (music)
British bassoonists
British schoolteachers
Fellows of University College, Oxford
My Friend Dino () is a Canadian docufiction film, directed by Jimmy Larouche and released in 2016. A fictionalized documentary about the life of Dino Tavarone, who spent four years in prison for drug trafficking before finding fame playing a mafia boss in the television series Omertà in the 1990s, the film focuses on their life in their 70s as they battle a serious illness.
The film's cast also includes Michel Côté, Manuel Tadros, Joëlle Morin and Sasha Migliarese. Côté, Tadros and Morin played versions of themselves, while Migliarese played Tavarone's daughter Meredith.
Migliarese received a Prix Iris nomination for Revelation of the Year at the 19th Quebec Cinema Awards in 2017.
References
External links
2016 films
Canadian docufiction films
Films shot in Montreal
Films set in Montreal
Quebec films
French-language Canadian films
2010s Canadian films
Echinus may refer to:
Echinus (Acarnania), a town in ancient Acarnania, Greece
Echinus (Thessaly), a town in ancient Thessaly, Greece; also a Roman Catholic titular bishopric
Echinus (molding), a molding similar to the ovolo
Echinus (sea urchin), a genus of animals
Echinus (plant), a synonym for the plant genus Mallotus
George Cathcart, 5th Earl Cathcart (26 June 1862 – 19 November 1927), styled Lord Greenock until 1911, was a British Army officer and peer.
Early life
Cathcart was born on 26 June 1862. They were third of five sons, and six daughters, born to Alan Cathcart, 3rd Earl Cathcart and the former Elizabeth Mary Crompton (1831–1902). Their two elder brothers were Alan Cathcart, 4th Earl Cathcart (who died unmarried), and Lt. Hon. Charles Cathcart (who died unmarried). Their younger brothers were Capt. Hon. Reginald Cathcart (who served in the Second Boer War and killed at the Relief of Ladysmith in South Africa) and Hon. Archibald Cathcart. Among their surviving sisters were Lady Cecilia Cathcart (wife of Capt. Edward Temple Rose), Lady Ida Cathcart (wife of Sir Thomas Hare, 1st Baronet), Lady Marion Cathcart, Lady Emily Cathcart, and Lady Eva Cathcart.
Their mother was the eldest daughter and heiress of Sir Samuel Crompton, 1st Baronet. Their paternal grandparents were the former Henrietta Mather (second daughter of Thomas Mather) and Charles Cathcart, 2nd Earl Cathcart, a British Army general who became Governor General of the Province of Canada and was Commander-in-Chief, Scotland and North America.
Career
Upon their eldest brother's death on 2 September 1911, they succeeded to the earldom Cathcart.
Cathcart was a Lieutenant in the 4th Battalion, Yorkshire Regiment (Alexandra, Princess of Wales's Own).
Personal life
On 6 January 1919, the fifty-six year old bachelor Lord Cathart married Vera Estelle (née Fraser) Warter (d. 1993) at Holy Trinity Church in Chelsea, London. Vera, the widow of Capt. Henry de Grey Warter of Cruckmeole in Shropshire (who was killed in the Battle of the Somme in France), was a daughter of John Fraser of Cape Town, South Africa. "She was thirty-odd years their junior and their marriage proved a mistake almost from the start. In 1921 the Earl advertised that they would no longer be responsible for their debts and in the next year they obtained a divorce, naming the Earl of Craven." Before their divorce, they were the parents of one son:
Alan Cathcart, 6th Earl Cathcart (1919–1999), who married twice, including to Marie Cathcart, Countess Cathcart.
Lord Cathcart died in a London nursing home on 19 November 1927 following an operation, and was succeeded by their son, Alan. After their death, Lady Cathcart married the wealthy shipping magnate Sir Rowland Hodge, 1st Baronet on 30 September 1930.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
1862 births
1927 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Earls in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
The Jock Scott is a dressed salmon fly created in 1850 by John (Jock) Scott, born at Branxholm in Roxburghshire in 1817.
The Jock Scott has been used as a metaphor for fly fishing in general. The protagonist of The Edwardians by Vita Sackville-West is described as follows at the coronation of George V: "He was bored, they were disgusted; they wished that they might be casting a Jock Scott into the Tay."
History
The Jock Scott was created in 1850. See David Zincavage's article for more details.
Tying instructions
The materials used in this fly are shown in the infobox. Many of the original components are from rare birds.
References
Artificial flies
John Deakin (1912–1972) was an English photographer.
John Deakin may also refer to:
John Deakin (footballer) (born 1966), English footballer
John Deakin (rowing) (born 1965), British coxswain
The Witch Doctor and Other Essays is an anthology of essays written by Laxmi Prasad Devkota. It was published on November 11, 2017, by Sangri-La Books. The book consists of 30 essays. Although Devkota primarily wrote in Nepali, they wrote the essays in the collection in English. This is the fifty-ninth book of the author and was published posthumously by their son Padma Devkota.
Synopsis
The major subject of the essays ranges from animals to Nepalese society to stars and different human lifestyle. The essays were written in and around 1958 in Devokta's last years.
Reception
The book was released in the 108th birth anniversary ceremony of the poet. Prof. Michael J. Hutt called the essays "powerful resonance for present-day Nepal" in an article for The Record magazine.
See also
Muna Madan
Shakuntala
Abstract Chintan Pyaj
References
21st-century Nepalese books
Nepalese essay collections
2017 essays
Books by Laxmi Prasad Devkota
Nepalese non-fiction books
English books by Nepalese writer
Nepalese literature in English
Accommodationism is a judicial interpretation with respect to Church and state issues.
Accommodationism may also refer to:
Atlanta Compromise, an agreement struck in 1895 between African-American leaders and Southern white leaders
A term coined by Austin Dacey (born 1972) to describe those “who either recognize no conflicts between religion and science, or who recognize such conflicts but are disinclined to discuss them publicly”
See also
Accommodation (disambiguation)
Aurel Constantin Popovici (16 October 1863 – 9 February 1917) was an ethnic Romanian Austro-Hungarian lawyer and politician.
Biography
They were born in Lugos, Kingdom of Hungary, Austrian Empire (today Lugoj, Romania). The son of an artisan, Constantin Popovici, and their wife Maria, they completed primary and secondary education and studied at the Hungarian Gymnasium in Lugoj (Lugos) (1873–1880), and then at the Romanian Lyceum in Beiuș (Belényes) (1880–1884). In 1885, they enrolled at the University of Vienna to study medicine and philosophy and later transferred to the University of Graz. In 1891, they became one of the leaders of the National Romanian Party and one of the editors of Tribuna. Together with other Romanian intellectuals of the National Romanian Party, in 1892 they signed the Transylvanian Memorandum, a document pleading for Romanians' equal rights with Hungarians in Transylvania, and demanding an end to persecutions and Magyarization attempts. In 1893, they moved to Austria, then to Italy and later Romania. In 1899, they founded the journal România Junǎ ("The Young Romania") in Bucharest.
In 1906, in their book, they proposed the federalization of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy into the so-called United States of Greater Austria. Between 1908 and 1909, they were the editor-in-chief and director of Romanian journal Sămănătorul ("The Sower") in Bucharest. In 1912, they settled in Vienna. After Romania's entrance into World War I in 1916, they moved to Geneva, Switzerland, and died there in 1917.
Popovici was buried in the cemetery next to St. Nicholas Church in Brașov (Brassó).
It was not until the 1980s that their work was subjected to scholarly analysis and historiographic assessments.
Publications
See also
United States of Greater Austria
Oszkár Jászi
References
External links
Popovici, Aurel - Austria-Forum: AEIOU
1863 births
1917 deaths
People from Lugoj
People from the Kingdom of Hungary
Ethnic Romanian politicians in the Banat
University of Graz alumni
Romanian National Party politicians
Austro-Hungarian lawyers
Romanian journalists
Deaths in Switzerland
The Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports of the Czech Republic (MEYS, ; MŠMT ČR) is a government ministry that was established in 1969. Before the federalization of the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic, it was the Ministry of Education of Czechoslovakia.
Its head office is in Prague 1.
References
External links
Ministry of Education, Youth and Sports of the Czech Republic on European Commission website
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Education Youth and Sport
Ministries established in 1969
1969 establishments in Czechoslovakia
The 2021 Afghanistan–Iran clashes took place between the Islamic Emirate Armed Forces and the Iranian Border Guard Command along checkpoints on the Afghanistan–Iran border. Occurring on 1 December, the cross-border fighting saw troops of the Afghan Taliban capture several checkpoints on the Iranian side of the international border. The clashes ended later that day, after the two sides promptly came to an agreement that saw the Afghan force withdraw from all captured Iranian territory. Iran and the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan subsequently referred to the incident as a "misunderstanding" and denied suffering any casualties, while various media reports casualties on both sides.
Background
Relations between Iran, a primarily Shiite country, and the Taliban, dominated by Sunni fundamentalists, have historically been highly volatile. During the Taliban's rule of Afghanistan between 1996–2001, 10 Iranian diplomats from the consulate in Mazar-i-Sharif, were executed by the Taliban. This led to a military mobilization by Iran, which was resolved with the mediation of the United Nations. During the 2001 U.S. Invasion of Afghanistan, Iran cooperated with the U.S. forces and Iranian special forces supported the Northern Alliance during the capture of Herat.
During the 2001–2021 War in Afghanistan Iran improved its relations with the Taliban, during the war the U.S. and the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan accused Iran of providing sanctuaries and material support to the Taliban. In 2010, an Iranian Quds Force officer, who described as a "key Taliban weapons facilitator" was captured by NATO forces in Afghanistan. In 2017, the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan accused Iran of directly aiding the Taliban in their offensive against the Afghan government forces in western Afghanistan and claimed that Iran had tried to destroy a dam in Herat province. Iran has denied the accusations of providing support to the Taliban.
In the summer of 2021 the Taliban reestablished its rule over Afghanistan following the U.S. withdrawal from the country. In November 2021, National Resistance Front of Afghanistan's leader Ahmad Massoud and Hazara leader Ismail Khan met in Iran as part of their attempts to strengthen the Afghan opposition.
Clashes
On 1 December 2021, clashes took place between the border guards of the two countries on the Afghanistan-Iran border. The semi-official Iranian news agency Tasnim, said that the clashes had started after the Taliban forces opened fire on Iranian farmers who had crossed the border wall between the two countries, which prompted the Iranian soldiers to intervene with heavy and medium weapons as well as artillery fire. During the ensuing clashes the Taliban fighters launched an attack on the Dahraes border checkpoint and overran it along with multiple other checkpoints in the Iranian territory. According to media reports, an unspecified number of combatants were killed on both sides during the clashes, while both sides denied suffering any casualties in the incident. The clashes ended later in the day after the two sides came to an agreement and the Taliban withdrew from all captured territory.
Reactions
Afghanistan
Taliban spokesperson Zabiullah Mujahid said that "a misunderstanding at the local level" had triggered the clash between the border guards of two countries. Mujahid added that "the situation was now under control with the understanding of both sides" and that the Taliban leaders in the area have been issued the "necessary instructions" to prevent such misunderstandings from happening again. The Taliban also did not report any casualties on their side.
Iran
Iran's foreign ministry spokesperson, Saeed Khatibzadeh, said in a statement that a “misunderstanding between border residents” had caused the fighting, without naming the Taliban. The semi-official Iranian news agency Fars, made no mention of the Taliban, saying smugglers may have been at fault. The news website also claimed there were no casualties.
See also
2009 Afghanistan–Iran clash
References
2021 in Afghanistan
2021 in international relations
2021 in Iran
Afghanistan conflict (1978–present)
Attacks in Asia in 2021
Battles in 2021
21st century in Nimruz Province
Wars involving the Taliban
December 2021 events in Asia
Afghanistan–Iran relations
Hrašče () is a small village in the upper Vipava Valley, on the western slopes of Mount Nanos, in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
References
External links
Hrašče at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Borut Javornik (born 14 April 1967 in Krka) is a Yugoslav-born, Slovenian slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. They won a bronze medal in the C-1 team event at the 1989 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Savage River. They also finished 16th in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1967 births
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Slovenia
Slovenian male canoeists
Yugoslav male canoeists
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
Love in the Snow (German: Liebe im Schnee) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Max Obal and Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Livio Pavanelli, Maria Paudler and Georg Alexander.
The art direction was by Botho Hoefer and Hans Minzloff.
Cast
Livio Pavanelli as Dr. Reißner
Maria Paudler as Hella, seine Gattin
Georg Alexander as Dr. Gonter
Iwa Wanja as Snucks, ein Skihaserl
Jakob Tiedtke as Reynold, Großkaufmann
Steffie Vida
References
Bibliography
Hans-Michael Bock and Tim Bergfelder. The Concise Cinegraph: An Encyclopedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009.
External links
1929 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein
Films directed by Max Obal
Films set in the Alps
German silent feature films
Skiing films
German black-and-white films
Mia Buric (born 23 May 1982) is a former German tennis player. They have won 3 singles and 2 doubles titles on the ITF tour in their career. Them career-high ranking is world number 204 was achieved in July 2000. Them the highest ranking in doubles is world number 176 on 11 June 2001. Buric retired from professional tennis in 2003.
WTA career finals
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
Junior Grand Slam finals
Doubles
ITF Circuit finals
Singles (3–2)
Doubles (2–3)
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
German female tennis players
German people of Croatian descent
Persatuan Sepakbola Badung is an Indonesian football club based in Badung Regency, Bali, Indonesia that competes in Liga 3. Nicknamed Laskar Keris (Keris Warriors), the club was founded in 2008.
History
After Persekaba Badung sold to Yahukimo Regency government and changed to Yahukimo F.C., Badung Regency did not have a representative in Liga Indonesia. In 2008, Badung football rise again with new club, PS Badung. They competed from Liga Indonesia Third Division Lesser Sunda Islands Region and keep going until in December 2014, they were promoted to the Liga Indonesia Premier Division after becoming 4th placed team in 2014 Liga Nusantara.
Stadium
PS Badung plays their home matches at Gelora Samudra Stadium in Kuta.
Supporter
Laskar Keris Badung Sakti and Basel (fullname Badung Selatan) are supporter of PS Badung.
Players
Current squad
.
Club officials
Coaching Staff
Source:
Managerial history
References
Badung Regency
Football clubs in Indonesia
Football clubs in Bali
Association football clubs established in 2008
2008 establishments in Indonesia
Cyriel Paul Coupé (1918–1998) was a Belgian diocesan priest, teacher, writer and poet, also known by the pseudonym Anton van Wilderode.
Life
Coupé was born in Moerbeke-Waas on 28 June 1918. They were ordained as a priest on 21 May 1944 in the Diocese of Ghent. They graduated in Classical philology at the Catholic University of Leuven. From 1946 until their retirement in 1982, they worked as a teacher in Sint-Niklaas at the St. Joseph Minor Seminary. Among their pupils were Paul Snoek and Tom Lanoye.
They made their literary debut in 1939, with the short story Dis al ("This is all") in the magazine Nederland. Their debut as a poet followed in 1943, with the collection of poems De moerbeitoppen ruischten ("The mulberries rustled"). They were cofounder of the magazine Podium (1943–1944). In 1947, they became editor of Dietsche Warande en Belfort. They wrote many poems for special occasions and meetings, such as for the yearly pilgrimages to the IJzertoren, and screenplays for television. Their poetry is characterised by the usage of a traditional poetic form and a clear language, combined with a romantic style.
Anton van Wilderode died in Sint-Niklaas on 15 June 1998.
Writings
Dis al (1939)
De moerbeitoppen ruisten (1943)
Herinnering en gezang (1946)
Najaar van Hellas (1947)
Het land der mensen (1952)
Het herdertje van Pest (1957)
Bloemlezing (1958)
De antikwaar: opera for television (1959)
Filip De Pillecyn (1960)
Vergilius' Aeneis 1-6 (1962)
De dag van Eden (1964)
André Demedts (1965)
Sint-Niklaas en het Land van Waas (1967)
Maria moeder (1967)
De dubbelfluit (1968)
Dier-bare poëzie: gedichten over dieren (1971)
Het groot jaargetijdenboek (1971)
Vergilius' Bucolica (1971)
Vergilius' Aeneis 7-12 (1971)
Verzamelde gedichten 1943-1973 (Collected poems, 1974)
Vergilius' Georgica (1975)
Gedichten (1976)
Dorp zonder ouders (1978)
Albert Van Dyck (1978)
Vergilius' Bucolica, Georgica, Aeneis (1978)
Circus (1979)
Verzamelde gedichten (1980)
Gustaaf Van Loon (1980)
Gies Cosyns (1981)
Jan De Smedt (1981)
En het woord was bij God: 500 religieuze gedichten uit de Nederlandse letterkunde (1981)
De overoever (1981)
Luisteren naar fluisteren (1981)
Moerbeke-Waas toen en thans (1982)
Het land van amen (1983)
Daar is maar één land dat mijn land kan zijn (1983)
Zingend brons (1983)
Een tent van tamarinde (1985)
De vlinderboom (1985)
De dag begint bij een puin: IJzerbedevaarten in verzen (1985)
Dienstbaar het woord (1985)
Herman Jacobs, kunstschilder (1986)
En het dorp zal duren (1986)
Het tweede jaargetijdenboek (1987)
Op hoop van vrede (1988)
Zachtjes, mijn zoon ligt hier (1988)
Liederen uit mijn landhuis: 50 gedichten van Horatius (1988)
Het hart op de tong: romantische verhalen uit de 19de eeuw (1990)
Het sierlijke bestaan der steden (1990)
De zeven slapers (1991)
Poedersneeuw (1991)
Apostel na de twaalf (1991)
Brugge Brugge (1992)
Een plek voor louter klaarte (1993)
In al begonnen Vrede (1993)
Ex libris (1994)
De aarde van mijn geheugen: Europees huldeboek (1994)
Cortewalle (1994)
Het zonnelied of het loflied der schepselen (1995)
Het oudste geluk (1995)
Barmhartig hout: 30 middeleeuwse misericordes (1996)
Buitengaats (1996)
Tweegelui (1997)
Hout op snee (1997)
Het beeld van de dichter (1998)
De dag sneeuwt dicht: herfst- en wintergedichten (1998)
Jan Hoogsteyns (1998)
Reizend naar het licht: de mooiste religieuze poëzie (1999)
Volledig dichtwerk (1999)
See also
Flemish literature
Flemish movement
References
External links
Anton van Wilderode
Anton van Wilderode
1918 births
1998 deaths
Flemish activists
Flemish poets
20th-century Belgian Roman Catholic priests
Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968) alumni
20th-century Belgian poets
Belgian schoolteachers
20th-century Belgian educators
Latin–Dutch translators
20th-century translators
The 6th Texas Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment from Texas that served in the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. The regiment fought in the Battles of Arkansas Post, Chickamauga and Missionary Ridge.
In September 1861, Major Alexander M. Haskell selected a site four miles north of Victoria, Texas, called "Nuner's Mott" as the location of a new camp of instruction and named it Camp Henry E. McCulloch in honor of the interim commander of the Department of Texas. There, the following companies were ultimately mustered in and designated the Sixth Texas Infantry Regiment.
Organization
Companies
Company A, "La Vaca Guards" from Calhoun County, was mustered in on September 27, 1861.
Company B, "Lone Star Rifles" from Victoria County, was mustered in on September 30, 1861.
Company C, from Gonzales County, was mustered in on October 4, 1861.
Company D, "Matagorda Coast Guards" was mustered in on October 4, 1861.
Company E, from Guadalupe County, was mustered in on October 30, 1861.
Company F, mostly from Bell County, was mustered in on November 3, 1861.
Company G, "Travis Rifles", from Travis County, was mustered in on November 14, 1861.
Company H, from Calhoun, Lavaca, and Victoria, was mustered in on March 27, 1862.
Company K, from Bexar County, was mustered in on March 31, 1862.
Company I, from DeWitt County, was mustered in on April 11, 1862.
Field and Staff
Robert R. Garland was appointed by the Confederate Government to take command of the newly created Sixth Texas Infantry Regiment. Garland was a native Virginian who entered the regular army on December 30, 1847, as a second lieutenant in the Seventh Infantry Regiment. By the time Virginia seceded in 1861, they had risen to the rank of Captain and was stationed at Fort Fillmore, New Mexico. Garland was confirmed Colonel on December 12, 1861.
Colonel Robert R. Garland, age 38
Lt. Col. Thomas Scott Anderson, age 34
Major A.M. Haskell
Adj. Samuel J. Garland, age 21
Quartermaster Udolpho Wolfe, age 26
John E. Gare, Assistant Quartermaster
History
Captain Sam W. McCallister, who had been given a commission to raise an infantry company for Confederate service to rendezvous at Camp McCulloch, wrote a letter to General Hebert on November 11, 1861, outlining their difficulty in obtaining Texans to go into infantry companies. "They say they will go mounted, but no other way; that is, a majority say so." They went on to request permission to enlist Federal prisoners that were then at Camp Verde, provided they could get certificates authorizing the Confederate States pay what is due them by the old Government. "They would nearly all to a man join the Southern Army, and there are about 350 of them." General Hebert passed on the request to the Commanding General who refused to comply to it stating "no appropriation had been made for such purpose, and they could not be paid." They could however enlist without back pay (A). This apparently never occurred because Captain McAllister ultimately managed to recruit the majority of their company in San Antonio during the month of March 1862. This company was mustered in as Company K.
The regiment remained at Camp McCulloch drilling recruiting men to achieve an adequate strength until the latter part of May 1862. During this period, in December 1861, a federal vessel in Pass Cavallo was sighted and four companies of the regiment, Companies A, B, D, and G were dispatched to meet this possible threat. Captain Rupley's Company A was ordered by Col. Garland to take position at Saluria, to guard the ferry across the main bayou and to afford any other assistance as necessary. The other three companies, under Lieutenant Colonel Anderson, took position at Indianola (B) where, according to Jim Turner of Company G "the men feasted on fish and oysters and had a good time generally" (C). Later on February 6, 1862, another concern of federal movements caused Companies A and D to be sent to Fort Esperanza, near Saluria, for a brief period.
Jim Turner in their memoirs, wrote the following about Colonel Robert Garland: "Our colonel was an old army officer and having spent twenty five years in the regular army, was a perfect martinet and everything had to be done in strict accordance with military rules. They kept us hard at work drilling and converted the regiment into a machine which would move with clock-like precision".(C)
During their stay at Camp McCulloch, the soldiers were furnished with new uniforms made of light brown cloth manufactured at the state penitentiary. The men were furnished with new Springfields or Enfield Rifles and Accoutrements. The regiment also procured a large number of wagons, tents and supplies.
May – September 1862 – On May 22, 1862, the regiment took up the line of march, passing through Hallettsville, and then halting for a week at Eagle Lake, where there were a depot and four or five houses. During the march, at a pace of about ten miles a day, the regimental musicians performed as the troops passed through the towns. At the Eagle Lake Depot, the soldiers boarded the railroad cars on June 6, and went through Richmond, Houston, and Navasota, the wagon train traveling by road. During the encampment at Navasota, a member of the regiment stole a revolver that belonged to Captain C.F. Naunheim, Commanding Company I. The man was caught when they attempted to sell the pistol on the same day it was taken. The soldier was tried, convicted and drummed out of service, with their head half-shaved and astride a fence rail carried by blacks, as their former comrades lined the street and watched.
After three days at Navasota, the route then lay, in easy marches never traveling more than 20 miles a day and generally much less, through Anderson, Crockett, Mount Vernon, and Tyler where it remained five to seven days, then on to Dangerfield, and Gilmer. (C,1)
The 6th Regt. crossed the Sulphur River into Bowie County at Epperson's Ferry south of current day New Boston on July 12, 1862. Ferriage was paid at the time of crossing.
In mid July the regiment crossed the Red River at Fulton (2) where Texarkana now lies (C), passed through Washington and Antwine, and halted at a place near the old village of Rock Port, where Malvern now stands. Here an outbreak of measles incapacitated many of the soldiers (1).
By the time the Sixth Texas had crossed into Arkansas, its regimental flag arrived from Victoria. The standard was produced by Mrs. Richard Owens and their daughters.... they procured the necessary supplies and produce a banner made of red merino, bordered with a white silk fringe. Located in the center was a 28 by 36 inch blue shield which contained twelve silk or satin white stars that circled, six on each side, a large star that represented the State of Texas. Stitched in white silk was "Sixth Texas Infantry Regiment" (1, pg 8)
"Day after day we march in the woods and God knows if we will come out again," wrote Private Franz Coller. "I have never seen such a poor region as we see out here in east Texas and Arkansas." After a rest of ten days, the regiment marched to Benton, camped on the Saline River two miles from town for two weeks, and then started for Pine Bluff, leaving a number of men in the hospital there with measles. After arriving at Pine Bluff, the regiment went into camp at Camp Holmes (2).
September 1862 – General Holmes ordered the Sixth Texas Infantry and the Twenty-Fourth and Twenty-Fifth Cavalry (dismounted) to Arkansas Post, a community 117 miles below Little Rock and twenty-five miles from the mouth of the Arkansas River. The town was selected as a site for the construction of a Confederate fort that was deemed necessary to help defend the Arkansas River. The Sixth and Twenty-fourth marched together leisurely down the Arkansas River until they reached the Jourdan plantation eighteen miles above the Post. September 18 – Early in the evening a courier brought work that the Federals were advancing to destroy the fortifications. (Jim Turner) 400 volunteers from both regiments agreed to proceed on to the Post. They left after dark and traveled across fields and took small trails and paths.
September 19, 1862 – The 400 volunteers of both Regiments arrives at Arkansas Post at sunrise where they did not find any enemy. (from One of Cleburne's Command, pg3)
September 21, 1862 – The remainder of the sixth and twenty fourth regiments arrive at Arkansas Post.(")
September 28, 1862 – Reorganization of the Confederate Army in Northwestern Arkansas, southwestern Missouri and the Indian Territory occurs and Major General Thomas C. Hindman was placed in charge of the First Army Corps, Army of the West. The Sixth Texas became part of the First Army Corps' First Brigade. Garland was given command of the brigade and Lieutenant Colonel T. Scott Anderson assumes command of the Sixth Texas.(Diary of Charles Leuschner, pg 9 – O.R., Series I, Vol. XII, 883–885.)
October – November 1862 – The regiment worked to complete the fortifications at the Post. In November an abundance of supplies begun to arrive at the Post, shoes, woolen clothe, blankets and commissary goods were sent from Little Rock to the Post. (D.C.L., pg 10)
Battle of Arkansas Post
Battle of Arkansas Post, January 10–11, 1863.
Two Brigades: Deshler's Brigade and Garland's Brigade.
January 9, 1863 – Confederate pickets in the morning detect the Federal Advance upon the Post. Each soldier was directed to cook three days rations. Garland's Brigade were assigned to the rifle pits which were located about a mile and a half from the fort. Five companies from the Twenty-Fourth and Sixth Texas were detailed as skirmishers. One of the companies in the Sixth was Company A.
January 10, 1863 – At about 8:00 am, Admiral David D. Porter's gunboats began shelling the Confederate positions in a systematic fashion. By 2:00 in the afternoon, the Confederates were forced to withdraw from the rifle pits to safer confines, a ditch near the fort. Five companies of the Tenth Texas were detached to help Col Garland's five companies of skirmishers cover the withdrawal. The Sixth Texas assumed a position on the right of the line, next to the fort. Garland instructed the troops to strengthen their defenses with brush and any other material that could be found. The weather turned cold and frosty at dusk, and the Yankees commenced a three-hour bombardment on the fort and the entrenched Confederates. The shelling ceased about 9:30 pm.(3,6)
January 11, 1863 – Porter's ships commenced to shell the fort by noon and shortly thereafter, McClernard's Yankees sprang forward from the trees and bushes toward the entrenchments of the Sixth Texas. The Sixth were armed with Enfield Rifles. T. Scott Anderson commanded the left wing of the regiment and Alexander H. Phillips directed the right wing. The Texans repulsed every enemy ground assault, but by 3:00 pm all the guns but one were silenced in the fort by the relentless cannonading of the Yankee gunboats. Despite the loss of the Confederate artillery, fighting continued along the entire defensive line. The firing on the Confederate left had been heavy since the beginning and Colonel James Deshler called upon Garland for assistance. Garland honored the request by dispatching selected companies from the Brigade's three regiments, two coming from the Sixth Texas (3). Alexander H. Phillips led the companies that represented the Sixth Texas. Enemy fire was so intense that the reinforcements were compelled to crawl the entire distance to their destination. Phillips
and their men stopped along the way and assisted different commands to repulse Federal assaults. Prior to reaching Deshler's position, two companies of the Sixth Texas were recalled by Garland. Shortly after the reinforcements reached Deshler, about 4:30 P.M., fighting ceased with the capitulation of the Confederate defenders. (3,6)
Precisely who initiated the surrender is not known. Colonel Garland and General Churchill reported that the white flags first appeared in the 24th Texas Cavalry Regiment. Col. Garland also reported that as the word was being passed down the line towards the fort from the left of the sixth and as they were standing on the left of the sixth, this regiment refused to raise the white flag and pass it on down the line to the fort. The firing had ceased on the left but the right continued to receive fire from the enemies batteries until they took possession of the fort. (3,6)
"The first intelligible thing is some one on our left, cries out 'Hoist the white flag on the fort, pass the word down the line' – The same words were passed to the next company on our right towards the Fort" wrote Capt. Samuel T. Foster (One of C.C.) In a few minutes the Confederate flag is pulled down and a white flag run up on the flag staff in the fort, and white handkerchiefs or shirt tails are hoisted on ramrods and on guns all along the line. The strength of the Sixth Texas on January 9 was reported to be 542 officers and enlisted men. The total number of casualties suffered by the Sixth Texas during the entire battle as reported by Col. Garland was 8 killed, 24 wounded and 21 missing or 10%. The entire command suffering only 28 killed, 81 wounded and 68 missing or 177 out of approximately 3,350 men engaged. The Union forces reported 134 men killed, 898 wounded and 29 missing for a total of 1,061 casualties. (6)
The prisoners were ordered to stack arms and then marched to the rear of the line to the bank of the river above the fort and guards placed around them. Most of the Confederate soldiers left their blankets, quilts, and extra clothing in the log huts, and were not permitted to retrieve them. Without proper winter attire, they were ill-prepared to travel northward to prison camps in the middle of winter.
January 12–30, 1863 – The prisoners are processed and boarded steamboats. Rain began to fall and as they made their way north the rain turned to snow and the men suffered terribly from the cold. The steamboats made their way to the Mississippi River and ascended it, stopping at Memphis for a couple of days. From Memphis, the ships went to Cairo, Illinois, then to St. Louis.
Battle of Missionary Ridge
In November 1863 the regiment was consolidated into what became known as "Granbury's Texas Brigade." On November 24–25, 1863 the regiment held the northern end of the ridge where they protected the Confederate flank from 20,000 advancing Union forces.
See also
Texas Civil War Confederate Units
References
External links
6th Texas Infantry Company K Reenactors
Further reading
Spurlin, Charles D. The Civil War Diary of Charles A. Leuschner, Eakin Press, 2000. .
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Texas
1861 establishments in Texas
Military units and formations established in 1861
The Waterford Bridge, formerly designated Bridge L0327 and now Bridge L3275, is a historic steel truss bridge over the Cannon River in Waterford Township, Minnesota, United States. It was constructed in 1909 and is one of the state's earliest surviving bridges to use rigid rather than pinned connections. Moreover, it is Minnesota's only known road bridge in which some of the rigid connections are fastened with bolts rather than rivets.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2010 for having state-level significance in the theme of engineering. It was nominated for being a rare surviving example of Minnesota's once-common camelback through truss bridges, and for its early and uniquely transitional rigid connections.
Description
The Waterford bridge is a single-span, eight-panel, camelback through truss. It measures long with a deck. The setting is rural, despite being just northeast of Northfield, Minnesota.
The Waterford Bridge is one of the few remaining camelback through trusses in Minnesota. The others that are also listed on the National Register of Historic Places are the Gateway Trail Iron Bridge, the Dodd Ford Bridge, and the Long Meadow Bridge.
History
The Waterford Bridge was constructed in 1909. It replaced a previous bridge of unknown date which had been there since at least 1896. The new bridge was designed by Dakota County engineer Charles A. Forbes and built by the Hennepin Bridge Company for $5,000. At the time most truss bridges were still being constructed with the structural members held together by pins. The builders of the Waterford Bridge opted for stronger rigid connections, even though this was not yet legally required except for state-funded projects. Unusually, though, many of these connections were made with bolts, a unique intermediate choice proceeding the transition to fully riveted bridges.
In the early 1980s the bridge was threatened by erosion and local citizens raised $40,000 to effect repairs. However, in 1991 the bridge was sufficiently deteriorated that it was closed to vehicular traffic and the road rerouted over a new bridge built nearby. In 2014 the southeast abutment was rebuilt again with a grant from the National Trust for Historic Preservation. As of January 2014 the historic bridge carries a trail used by pedestrians, ATVs, and snowmobiles.
See also
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Dakota County, Minnesota
References
External links
Waterford Bridge (Bridge L3275)
1909 establishments in Minnesota
Bridges completed in 1909
Buildings and structures in Dakota County, Minnesota
Former road bridges in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Dakota County, Minnesota
Pedestrian bridges in Minnesota
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Transportation in Dakota County, Minnesota
Truss bridges in the United States
Steel bridges in the United States
Udsu Lake is a lake of Estonia, located in Jeti village, Tõrva Parish, Valga County. Udsu is one of the deepest lake in Estonia; maximum depth 30.2 m. Udsu surface area is 6.9 ha.
Udsu is oligotrophic lake.
Udsu belongs to Koorküla Nature Reserve.
See also
List of lakes of Estonia
References
Tõrva Parish
Lakes of Valga County
The Commando System was a mostly voluntary, part-time force of the South African Army, but in their role as local militia the units were often deployed in support of and under the authority of the South African Police.
Mission
South Africa's Commando System was responsible for the safeguarding and protection of specific communities (usually rural, but sometimes urban). Commando units were usually referred to as area protection, a system which involved the whole community. The participants in the Commando System did not have military commitments outside of the areas they served and were responsible for the safety and security of their own communities.
History
Origin
The Commando system existed from the 1770s. The early Boer Commando system was a conscriptive service designed to provide a quickly-trained fighting force.
Commandos were a product of the First Boer War during which the fiercely independent Boers had no regular army. When danger threatened, all the men in a district would form a militia organised into military units called commandos and would elect officers. Being civilian militia, each man wore what they wished, usually everyday neutral or earthtone khaki farming clothes such as a jacket, trousers and slouch hat. Each man brought their own weapon, usually a hunting rifle, and their own horses. The average Boer citizens who made up their commandos were farmers who had spent almost all their working life in the saddle, and because they had to depend on both their horse and their rifle for almost all of their meat, they were skilled hunters and expert marksmen. Most of the Boers had single-shot breech-loading rifles such as the Westley Richards, the Martini-Henry, or the Remington Rolling Block. Only a few had repeaters like the Winchester or the Swiss Vetterli. As hunters they had learned to fire from cover, from a prone position and to make the first shot count, knowing that if they missed the game would be long gone. At community gatherings, target shooting was a major sport and competitions used targets such as hens eggs perched on posts 100 yards away. The commandos became expert light cavalry, making use of every scrap of cover, from which they could pour an accurate and destructive fire at the British with their breech-loading rifles which could be rapidly aimed, fired, and reloaded.
At least during the Second Boer War each commando was attached to a town, after which it was named (e.g. Bloemfontein Commando). Each town was responsible for a district, divided into wards. The Commando was commanded by a Kommandant and each ward by a Veldkornet or field-cornet - equivalent of a senior NCO rank.
The Veldkornet was responsible not only for calling up the burghers, but also for policing their ward, collecting taxes, issuing firearms and other material in times of war. Theoretically, a ward was divided into corporalships. A corporalship was usually made up of about 20 burghers. Sometimes entire families filled a corporalship.
The Veldkornet was responsible to the Kommandant, who in turn was responsible to a General. In theory, a General was responsible for four commandos. They in turn was responsible to the Commander-in-Chief (CIC) of the Republic. In the Transvaal, the CIC was called the Commandant-General and in the Free State the Hoofdkommandant or Chief Commandant. The CIC was responsible to the President.
Other auxiliary ranks were created in war time, such as Vleiskorporaal ("meat corporal"), responsible for issuing rations.
Commando system structure in the UDF, SADF and SANDF
In 1912, the commandos were reformed alongside the Active Citizen Force as part of the Union Defence Force. This system was in operation until in February 2003.
By 1912, however previous Commando members could join shooting associations. By 1940, such commandos were under control of the National Reserve of Volunteers.
These commandos were formally reactivated by 1948.
Cell organisation
Each community was divided up into smaller more manageable sections called cells. Each cell comprised a number of farmers and or households, depending on the size of the area and dispersion of the area's inhabitants. Cell members were in contact with each other by means of telephone or a radio system (Marnet) which served as a backup communication system in the event of the telephone lines being out of order. Alternative communication systems were therefore a vital element of the protection plan of any cell. The cell members would have a communication link with their cell leader (who was elected by the members) who, in turn, had a communication link with the local police station. This ensured quick reaction by the police in the event of an attack. The cell leader could notify the local Commando if a stronger force was required.
This process of communication was time-consuming and, therefore, the members of a cell would be able to protect themselves and rely on support from neighbours and other members of the cell to ensure immediate response in an emergency. For this reason a cell would plan for certain contingencies before they happen. The local Commando would assist the cells with drawing up contingency plans.
"The farmer-commandos receive a few weekends of training as army reservists and are each given an assault rifle. When they respond to an incident, the police do, too. But the police force is stretched thin in farm areas, trying to cover vast areas with few officers or vehicles. The farmers often get there much sooner."
The retirement age of members of the commandos was 65 although it could be extended to 75 years.
Commando organisation
Community cells were administered under distinct local commando units.
Group organisation
Several local commandos units were administered as Group units.
Command organisation
Several Groups, usually in a provincial context resorted under a Provincial Command.
Commando training
The Commando System had its own Commando Training School, where skills received from National Service were developed or sharpened.
Development of some Commando Units into regiments
As some commando units increased in size and functionality, it was decided to convert some of them to full Citizen Force regiments. Training for all commando units was based on the fundamental training of the infantry either motorised or mechanised. There were also other Citizen Force regiments that were artillery, armour, engineers etc. These Citizen Force units could then be equated to British army territorial regiments. Citizen Force regiments could be deployed anywhere. Some volunteered to do service in South West Africa and Angola but generally sent only small numbers. Some of these units that converted to Regiments included:
Regiment Congella
Regiment Hillcrest
Regiment Highveld
Regiment North Natal
Regiment Pretorius
Regiment Skoonspruit
Regiment Springs
Regiment Vanderbijlpark
Weaponry
From the early days up until their disbandment, the commandos were issued with firearms by the government of the day. The burghers were obliged to keep these firearms serviceable and ready at all times.
Group Headquarters Organisation
Under the SADF
Under the SADF, Commando units were grouped regionally under Commands: (Please note: This was not a wholly static structure and units could move occasionally between Groups, the diagrams below depict the structure from the late 1980s)
Western Province Command
Southern Cape Command
Eastern Province Command
Northern Cape Command
Northwest Command
Orange Free State Command
Natal Command
Witwatersrand Command
Northern Transvaal Command
Far North Command
Eastern Transvaal Command
Under the SANDF
By 2005, after Army restructuring several groups became amalgamated under General Support Bases, GSBs. Group numbers therefore did not follow the original sequence.
Disbandment
On 14 February 2003, President Mbeki announced the disbanding of the commando system over six years, to be replaced by 'specialised police units'. The Democratic Alliance stated that this action would be a 'total disaster'.
Its spokesperson, Armiston Watson said that "the disbanding of the rural commandos (announced by the government in 2003) was an irresponsible political move which now leaves all farmers and farmworkers defenceless and easy targets for criminals."
Agri SA Chairman Kiewiet Ferreira, a farmer in the central Free State Province town of Harrismith said: "We need commandos, and we see them as one of the backbones of the rural protection plan, without a doubt" They also pointed out that, in 1998, former President Nelson Mandela included the commandos in a rural security plan, and "encouraged farmers, especially white farmers, to join the commandos and help in rural protection".
"If you [take into account] how many operations commandos have been involved in, under the police - more than 50,000 operations in 2001 and 37,000 operations in 2002 (most of them road-blockades, foot patrols, vehicle patrols, farm visits, manning of observation posts) - that's nearly 90,000 operations in two years," Ferreira said.
There have been some acknowledgements by the current Army Command that the Commandos had a utility which is now lacking.
The system was phased out between 2003 and 2008 "because of the role it played in the apartheid era", according to the Minister of Safety and Security Charles Nqakula. In 2005 then-Minister of Defence Mousioua Lekota explained that the process was "driven partly to counter racist elements within some of the commandos, but also because of constitutional issues." This followed growing pressure after incidents of ongoing abuse of power were reported.
The disbandment of the Commando System has been blamed for South African farm attacks as police are unable to effectively protect vast rural areas as effectively as local Commando Units.
Closing down schedule
1 April 2004 to 31 March 2005: Group 36 in Bloemfontein and Group 46 in Mthata and seventeen commandos were closed down. Any remaining commandos of these Groups were transferred to Group 24 in Kroonstad and Group 6 in Port Elizabeth.
1 April 2005 to 31 March 2006: Groups 33 in Nelspruit with the Soutpansberg Military Area, Group 30 in Potchefstroom, Group 16 in Marievale, Group 22 in Kimberly with various commandos
The last commando unit, Harrismith Commando based in the Free State, was disbanded in March 2008.
End status of commando members
At their peak 186 of these units, ranging in size from a company to a battalion, existed. The number of individual commando members varied according to different sources, but it is estimated that there were between 50,000 and 70,000. Data from the official army magazine SA Soldier of November 2005 states that at closure the composition of the Commandos were:
African: 15134 members
White: 32136 members
Coloured: 4626 members
Asian: 328 members
These members were given three options:
Demobilise and no longer be a member of the SANDF
Join the SAPS as a reservist
Join the Army Conventional Reserve regiments if compliant to age and medical criteria and undergo conversion training.
See also
SWATF Area Force a similar system used in Southwest Africa
South African National Defence Force
Citizen Force
Permanent Force
South African farm attacks
References
External links
South African Police Service, Official Commando System page
List of Commandos at Warinangola.com
South African Department of Defence
Article at Rescue Without Borders
Law enforcement in South Africa
Army units and formations of South Africa
South African Commando Units
Afrikaner people
Guerrilla organizations
The Broken Kilometer is a permanent art installation created by Walter De Maria inside a street-level storefront in the SoHo neighborhood of New York City. The piece consists of 500 round solid brass rods, long by in diameter, laid on the floor in 5 rows of 100 rods each. The space between the rods increase by 5 millimeters. The first two rods of each row are placed 80 millimeters apart, the last two rods are placed 570 millimeters apart. The work is illuminated with metal-halide stadium lights. Commissioned by the Dia Art Foundation in 1979, it has been on view to the public ever since. The Broken Kilometer is maintained by the Dia Art Foundation as one of the eleven locations and sites they manage.
De Maria's 1977 artwork The Vertical Earth Kilometer in Kassel, Germany, is a companion piece to The Broken Kilometer.
Design
The Broken Kilometer is composed of 500 identical round solid brass rods that are highly polished. Each rod is long and in diameter. These rods are laid on the ground in five parallel rows of 100 rods each. The first two rods of each row closest to the viewer are placed apart, and the space between each subsequent rod increased by , with the last two rods being apart. The sculpture weighs , and if all of the rods were laid end to end it would stretch for . The rods sit inside a street-level storefront, and the sculpture is illuminated by metal-halide stadium lights to simulate sunlight.
The rods that make up The Broken Kilometer slowly oxidize and are polished every two years. After the rods are polished, their caretaker states in an Artsy interview, "it's so full of light that it doesn't even look like metal anymore. It's almost like radiant heat. It's so beautiful, just humming with brightness."
The work has one caretaker, Patti Dilworth, who is married to Bill Dilworth, caretaker of The New York Earth Room. Dilworth's work according to Max Lakin "encompasses conservation, custodial duties, security, and, in a large way since De Maria's death in 2013, curation". Lakin also says that the sculpture "takes on a rhythmic order akin to musicality," and Dilworth notes "as you pace in front of them they appear to vibrate and dance, like a radiant bed of scrupulous moray eels." In 2017, Daisy Alioto studied the online reviews of The Broken Kilometer and discovered patterns in how people respond to the work. Negative reviews centered on underwhelmed visitors who saw the piece as unrightfully taking up valuable real estate, seeing the piece as a "financial interloper, whose cultural merit wasn't worth its proverbial weight in real estate gold." Positive reviews noted that the piece, as well as The New York Earth Room, was a respite from the city and in contrast to the wildness found on the streets nearby.
History
The space that now houses The Broken Kilometer was previously the second site of Heiner Friedrich's gallery (the first location of this gallery is two blocks away and where another work by De Maria, The New York Earth Room is now on permanent display). Friedrich was one of the founders of the Dia Art Foundation, which commissioned The Broken Kilometer. The sculpture has been on public display since it was installed in 1979 and is maintained by the Dia Art Foundation as one of eleven locations and sites they manage.
In 1977, De Maria created The Vertical Earth Kilometer, which The Broken Kilometer is a companion piece to. It is in Kassel, Germany, and uses a brass rod with the same weight, length, and diameter as this work.
There have been few changes to the work or the space it is in over the years. The most notable changes include the installation of a bench in the mid 2010s and in 2018 the Dia Art Foundation undertook a $78 million campaign to add to their endowment and renovate all of the spaces it owns, with a new climate control system planned for The Broken Kilometer so it can remain open year-round.
References
SoHo, Manhattan
Public art in New York City
1979 sculptures
Installation art works
Mark Fletcher Taylor (born May 7, 1957) is an American business person, politician and member of the Democratic Party who served two terms between 1999 and 2007 as the 10th lieutenant governor of Georgia. Taylor was the Democratic nominee for governor of Georgia in 2006, losing in the general election to Republican incumbent Sonny Perdue. They were the last Democrat to hold statewide office in Georgia until Jon Ossoff and Raphael Warnock were elected to the U.S. Senate in 2021.
Early life and education
Taylor was born on May 7, 1957, in Albany, Georgia.  They are a graduate of Deerfield-Windsor School in Albany. Taylor earned a bachelor's degree in political science from Emory University and received their Juris Doctor from the University of Georgia. At Emory, Taylor joined the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
Taylor is married to the former Sacha Wilbanks of Lavonia, Georgia. Taylor has one adult son, Fletcher. Taylor is a member of the Porterfield United Methodist Church in Albany.
State Senate experience
During the administration of Governor Joe Frank Harris, Taylor was elected to the Georgia Senate. They won a special election on May 3, 1987, and succeeded to Democratic incumbent Al Holloway as the state senator representing the 12th district, which encompasses the city of Albany and Dougherty County. They won re-election in 1988, 1990, 1992, 1994 and 1996.
Taylor became floor leader under Harris' successor, Zell Miller. In that role, they marshalled bipartisan support for Miller's HOPE Scholarship program in 1993. Taylor also worked to help create the Peachcare program, which provides health care assistance to uninsured children of low income families.
During the early 1990s, Taylor made crime reduction a major priority. They secured passage of the "Victim's Bill of Rights" as well as the "Two Strikes" law, at the time the strictest anti-violent crime measure in the country. Taylor also successfully advocated for Georgia's first DNA database, which has now solved more than 300 previously unsolved crimes.
As lieutenant governor
Taylor declined running for re-election as a state senator in 1998 to pursue a run for the office of Lieutenant Governor. They defeated Republican candidate Mitch Skandalakis and took office on January 11, 1999. They won re-election in 2002 over Republican nominee Steve Stancil and was sworn in for a second term on January 13, 2003.
Gubernatorial candidacy
In 2005, Taylor announced their intention to seek the Democratic nomination for the office of Governor of Georgia, and officially announced their candidacy on April 18, 2006. They built their campaign around their record on education and health care issues, which they felt that incumbent Republican Sonny Perdue had not adequately addressed. Taylor was opposed by Georgia Secretary of State Cathy Cox and two other minor candidates in the Democratic primary election on July 18, 2006. Taylor garnered approximately 52 percent of the vote in the primary election, gaining them the right to oppose Governor Perdue in the 2006 Georgia gubernatorial election.
In the general election Perdue defeated Taylor, 57.94% to 38.22%.
Wikipedia controversy
On April 26, 2006, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported that a paragraph based on opposition research had been inserted into the Wikipedia article on Mark Taylor about the 2005 arrest of Taylor's son on charges of driving under the influence, causing an accident in which a passenger in their car was killed. According to the Associated Press, Internet entrepreneur and Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales told reporters that the edit had been traced back to an IP registered to the Cox campaign, but said they had no way of knowing who made the change. After the story broke, Cox denied any knowledge of the alleged actions and said they had instructed their staff to not make the incident an issue. Them campaign manager, Morton Brilliant, resigned shortly thereafter.
Career since 2006
Taylor is chief executive officer of the Fred Taylor Company, an Albany transportation and warehousing firm, as well as several of its subsidiaries.
See also
References
External links
Lieutenant Governor's website
Taylor's campaign website
|-
|-
1957 births
Emory University alumni
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
Lieutenant Governors of Georgia (U.S. state)
Living people
People from Albany, Georgia
University of Georgia alumni
21st-century American politicians
Georgia (U.S. state) Democrats
20th-century American politicians
Candidates in the 2006 United States elections
The Archbishop's Palace () is a building in Naples, Italy. It is the official residence of the Archbishop of Naples. The building is located on the square largo Donna Regina one block north of the Cathedral of Naples directly across from the church of Donna Regina Nuova. Together, the cathedral and the Archbishop's Palace form a vast, connected complex.
The original structure was built in 1389 at the wishes of Cardinal Archbishop Enrico Capece Minutolo on the site of an old early Christian basilica. The building seen today, however, is largely the result of reconstruction and expansion of the premises under Cardinal Archbishop Ascanio Filomarino, completed in 1654. That reconstruction was most probably the work of architect Bonaventuri Presti. The expansion included the clearing of the area directly in front of the building to create a small open square between the Archbishop's Palace and the church of Donna Regina Nuova. The building has an elongated shape and is marked by three stone portals.
External links
The Archbishop's Palace & Ascanio Filomarino, Around Naples Encyclopedia, by Jeff Matthews, 2006.
Palaces in Naples
Houses completed in 1654
Naples, Archbishop's Palace
1654 establishments in Italy
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1654
Charles Douglas Stuart (18 May 1887 – 15 January 1982) was a Scotland international rugby union player. They often added Junior to their name; to differentiate from their father who had a similar career path. Their regular playing position was Forward.
Rugby Union career
Amateur career
Stuart began their rugby union career at Drumchapel RFC. They were a sporting all rounder excelling in not only rugby union but also football and cricket. As a young man in the Drumchapel side they were picked out - along with T. Inglis, C. L. Vermont and C. H. Stewart. - as starring in a match at Thirdpart against Hillhead HSFP 2XV.
The football club Glasgow Rangers were interested in signing the young man. This did not please their rugby loving father who instead sorted a move to Uddingston RFC for the player.
Stuart was later to move to Clydesdale and then London Scottish.
Stuart also played for West of Scotland.
Provincial career
Stuart played for Glasgow District in the inter-city match against Edinburgh District.
Stuart played for the Blues Trial side against the Whites Trial side on 21 January 1911 while still with West of Scotland.
International career
Stuart was capped seven times for between 1909–11.
Cricket career
Stuart played cricket for Poloc. They were Poloc's first century maker and played cricket well into the 1920s.
Engineering career
Stuart got a job as an Engineer with Rowans Engineering working in the oil industry. This was to curtail their international career. At the age of 23 they moved to Burma with Rowans.
While at Rowans they organised a rugby side, Rowans Engineers RFC; run as an invitational side. The basis of the side were players from Uddingston, Clydesdale and West of Scotland.
Stuart never forgot their first club Drumchapel - and for many years they took their invitational side back there; and the Drumchapel - Rowan Engineers match became the traditional preseason opening fixture for the Thirdpart side.
Journalism career
Later in life Stuart followed in the footsteps of their father and became a sports journalist writing for the Glasgow Herald; concentrating on rugby union and cricket matches.
Family
Stuart's father Charles Douglas Stuart Senior played for Royal HSFP; a forward of the famous Nat Watt's Lambs side. Senior was also a journalist for the Glasgow Herald. Like their son Charles junior they enjoyed rugby and cricket. They died in 1933 at the age of 73.
Stuart's younger brother Ludovic Stuart was also capped for Scotland in the 1920s.
Stuart Junior's 90th birthday lunch was attended by 8 of Scotland's union Presidents - 4 from the Scottish Rugby Union and 4 from the Scottish Cricket Union.
References
Sources
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1887 births
1982 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Clydesdale RFC Glasgow rugby union players
West of Scotland FC players
Drumchapel RFC players
Uddingston RFC players
London Scottish F.C. players
Blues Trial players
Poloc CC players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Rugby union forwards
Cornelia Wilhelmina "Willemijn" Fock (25 June 1942 – 3 June 2021) was a Dutch art historian. They were professor of the history of applied arts at Leiden University.
Career
Fock obtained their doctorate at Leiden University in 1975 with a dissertation on Jacques Bylivelt at the court of Florence. In 1982, they became a professor of the history of applied arts at the same university. They were mainly concerned with the history of interior decoration and furniture, tapestries and goldsmithing. They wrote books about residential culture and Rapenburg in Leiden. Fock retired in 2007. In 2019, they were awarded an honorary membership of the Vereniging van Nederlandse Kunsthistorici (Association of Dutch Art Historians).
Fock died on 3 June 2021.
Bibliography
Cornelia Willemina Fock: Jaques Bylivelt aan het hof van Florence. Goudsmeden en steensnijders in dienst van de eerste groothertogen van Toscane. Alphen aan de Rijn, Visdruk, 1975. Geen ISBN.
Willemijn Fock: Het Nederlandse interieur in beeld 1600-1900. Zwolle, Waanders, 2001. ISBN 90-400-9588-4
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel I; Groenhazenburch. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1986. ISBN 9064711798
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel II; De paplepel. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1987. ISBN 9064711968
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel III; Meyenburch. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1988. ISBN 906471214X
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel IV; Leeuwenhorst. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1989. ISBN 906471231X
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel V; 's; Gravensteyn. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1990. ISBN 9064712409
Th.H. Lunsingh Scheurleer, C. Willemijn Fock, A.J. van Dissel: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Deel VI; Het; Rijck van Pallas. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1992. ISBN 9789064712609
C. Willemijn Fock: Het Rapenburg; geschiedenis van een Leidse gracht; Index van personen betreft delen I-V. Leiden, Rijksuniversiteit Leiden, 1992. ISBN 906471262X
References
1942 births
2021 deaths
People from Surabaya
Dutch art historians
Leiden University alumni
Leiden University faculty
Women art historians
— Wilfred Owen, concluding lines of "Dulce et Decorum est", written 1917, published posthumously this year
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Fire and Ice by Robert Frost
Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
I hold with those who favor fire.
But if it had to perish twice,
I think I know enough of hate
To know that for destruction ice
Is also great
And would suffice.
--first published in December in Harper's Magazine
Events
May – Irish poet W. B. Yeats concludes a lecture tour (begun in the fall of 1919) in the United States and crosses the Atlantic to settle in Oxford.
December – The Poems of English war poet Wilfred Owen (killed in action 1918) are published posthumously in London with an introduction by their friend Siegfried Sassoon; only five of Owen's verses had been published during their lifetime, thus their work is introduced to many readers for the first time, including the 1917 poems "Anthem for Doomed Youth" and "Dulce et Decorum est"; the latter 28-line poem's horrifying imagery makes it one of the best-known condemnations of war ever written.
Ezra Pound moves from London to Paris where they move among a circle of artists, musicians and writers who are revolutionising modern art.
The Dial, a longstanding American literary magazine, is re-established by Scofield Thayer; the publication becomes an important outlet for Modernist poets and writers (until 1929), with contributors this year including Sherwood Anderson, Djuna Barnes, Kenneth Burke, Hart Crane, E. E. Cummings, Charles Demuth, Kahlil Gibran, Gaston Lachaise, Amy Lowell, Marianne Moore, Ezra Pound, Odilon Redon, Bertrand Russell, Carl Sandburg, Van Wyck Brooks, and W. B. Yeats.
First issue of the anthology of Scottish poetry, Northern Notes, edited by Christopher Murray Grieve.
Russian poet Nikolay Gumilyov co-founds the "All-Russia Union of Writers" in the Soviet Union, where they make no secret of their anti-Communist views, crosses themselves in public, and doesn't care to hide their contempt for half-literate Bolsheviks. Their fate changes in 1921.
Works published in English
United Kingdom
Maurice Baring, Poems 1914–1919
Edmund Blunden, The Waggoner and Other Poems
Robert Bridges, October, and Other Poems
Cambridge Poets 1914–1920, anthology edited by Edward Davison
W. H. Davies, The Song of Life, and Other Poems
Walter de la Mare, Poems 1901 to 1918
T. S. Eliot:
Poems, including Gerontion (text) and Sweeney Among the Nightingales
The Sacred Wood: Essays on Poetry and Criticism
Robert Graves, Country Sentiment
Aldous Huxley, Leda
India in Song: Eastern Themes in English Verse by British and Indian Poets, an anthology of Indian poetry in English published in the UK (London: Oxford)
John Masefield, Enslaved, and Other Poems
Hope Mirrlees, Paris: A Poem (Hogarth Press, 1st edition misdated 1919)
Harold Monro, Some Contemporary Poets (1920), criticism
Wilfred Owen, Poems, introduction by Siegfried Sassoon (posthumous)
Ruth Pitter, First Poems
Ezra Pound, American poet published in the United Kingdom:
Hugh Selwyn Mauberley, London
Umbra, London
Nina Salaman, The Voices of the Rivers
Siegfried Sassoon, Picture Show
Edward Thomas, Collected Poems, foreword by Walter de la Mare
Iris Tree, Poems
Valour and Vision: Poems of the War, 1914-1918, anthology edited by Jacqueline T. Trotter
Charles Williams, Divorce
Humbert Wolfe:
London Sonnets
Shylock Reasons with Mr. Chesterton, and Other Poems
W. B. Yeats, Irish poet published in the United Kingdom, "The Second Coming" first published in The Dial magazine for November (published again in 1921 in Yeats' Michael Robartes and the Dancer)
United States
Stephen Vincent Benet, Heavens and Earth
Witter Bynner, A Canticle of Pan
Hart Crane publishes their poem "My Grandmother's Love Letters" in The Dial. This is their first real step towards recognition as a poet.
W.E.B. Du Bois, Darkwater
Robert Frost, Miscellaneous Poems
William Ellery Leonard, The Lynching Bee
Edgar Lee Masters, Domesday Book
Edna St. Vincent Millay, A Few Figs From Thistles
Ezra Pound, American poet published in the United Kingdom:
Hugh Selwyn Mauberley, London
Umbra, London
Lizette Woodworth Reese, Spicewood
Charles Reznikoff, Poems published by the New York Poetry Book Shop; the book features poems from Reznikoff's Rhythms and Rhythms II
From Bettyby Lola Ridge
My doll Janie has no waist
and their body is like a tub with feet on it.
Sometimes I beat them
but I always kiss them afterwards.
When I have kissed all the paint off their body
I shall tie a ribbon about it
so they shan't look shabby.
But it must be blue--
it mustn't be pink--
pink shows the dirt on their face
that won't wash off.
Lola Ridge, Sun-Up, including "Betty"
Edward Arlington Robinson:
Lancelot
The Three Taverns
Carl Sandburg, Smoke and Steel
Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow, including" There Will Come Soft Rains"
Galway Wescott, The Bitterns
William Carlos Williams, Kora in Hell. Improvisations
Other in English
India in Song: Eastern Themes in English Verse by British and Indian Poets, London: Oxford; anthology; Indian poetry in English, published in the United Kingdom
Yone Noguchi, Japanese Hokkus, Japanese poet writing in English
Maneck B. Pithawalla, Sacred Sparks, Karachi: M. B. Pithawalla
Tom Redcam, San Gloria, verse play, Jamaica
W.B. Yeats, Irish poet published in the United Kingdom, The Second Coming first published in the November issue of The Dial magazine (see quotation, above; published again in Michael Robartes and the Dancer 1921)
Works published in other languages
France
Louis Aragon, Feu de joie
Jean Cocteau, Poésies 1917–1920
Philippe Soupault, Rose des vents
Tristan Tzara, pen name of Sami Rosenstock, Cinéma calendrier coeur abstrait maisons
Charles Vildrac, Chants du désespéré
Indian subcontinent
Including all of the British colonies that later became India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal. Listed alphabetically by first name, regardless of surname:
Telugu poetry
Garimella Satyanarayana, Makoddi tella doratanamu, a Telugu-language song famously used by Indians marching for freedom; the very militant lyric was banned for a time by the colonial government, which arrested the poet
Rami Reddi also known as "Duvvuri":
Jaladangana, celebrates farming season and the beauty of nature in the rural countryside, Indian, Telugu-language
Venakumari, Telugu-language pastoral poems depicting the struggles of peasants
Other Indian languages
Ananda Chandra Agarwala, Jilikani, Assamese-language poem reflecting ancient Assamese ballads
Bhaskar Ramchandra Tambe, Tambe Yanci Kavita, Marathi-language poems; edited by V. G. Mayadev
Chanda Jha, Mahes Vani Sanghra, Maithili-language devotional songs addressed to Lord Siva
Dharanidhar Sharma Koirala, Naibedya, Nepali-language poetry, didactic poems popular in Darjeeling
Lala Kirpa Sagar, Laksmi Devi, Punjabi-language, long, narrative epic poem modeled on Sir Walter Scott's The Lady of the Lake; depicts Maharaja Ranjit Singh's battles with Jaimal Singh, a hill chieftain
Pt. Ram Naresh Tripathi, Pathik, very popular Hindi-language Khanda Kavya which went into 30 editions; patriotic and expressing love of the rural countryside; strongly influenced by Gandhi's thought
Surendra Jha 'Suman', also known as "Suman", Candi Carya, adaptation of Durgasaptasati in verse, Maithili-language
Vaijanath Kashinath Rajwade, Kesavasutanci Kavita, Marathi-language article offering the first thematic classification and detailed analysis of Keshavsut's poems, criticism published in the monthly Manoranjan in July, September, October and November
Spanish language
Enrique Bustamante y Ballivián, Poemas autóctonos, Peru
León Felipe, Veersos y oraciones del caminante ("Verses and Prayers of the Walker"), first volume (second volume, 1930), Spain
Alfonsina Storni, Langour, Argentina
Miguel de Unamuno, El Christo de Velázquez ("Christ by Velázquez"), Spain
Other languages
Piaras Béaslaí, "Bealtaine 1916" agus Dánta Eile, Ireland
António Botto, Canções do Sul ("Songs of the South"), Portugal
Ernst Enno, Valge öö, Estonia
Kahlil Gibran, Al-'Awāsif ("The Tempests") and Spirits Rebellious (English translation), Lebanese-born Arabic poet in the United States
Vladislav Khodasevich, The Way of Corn, Russia
Tom Kristensen, Pirate Dreams, Denmark
Jan Lechon, The Scarlet Poem, Poland
Boleslaw Lesmian, The Meadow, Poland
Eugenio Montale, Ossi di seppia ("Cuttlefish bones"), Italy
Les Poètes contre la guerre, France
Anton Schnack, Tier rang gewaltig mit Tier ("Beast strove mightily with beast"), Germany
Edith Sodergran, The Shadow of the Future, Sweden
Georg Trakl, Der Herbst des Einsamen ("The Autumn of The Lonely"), Austrian native published in Germany
Pavlo Tychyna, Instead of Sonnets or Octaves, Ukraine
Tin Ujević, Lelek sebra ("Cry of a slave"), Croatian
Henrik Visnapuu, Talihari, Hõbedased kuljused and Käoorvik, Estonia
Awards and honors
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 24 – Keith Douglas (killed in action 1944), English poet
February 21 – Ishigaki Rin 石垣りん (died 2004), Japanese poet; they were an employee of the Industrial Bank of Japan, sometimes called "the bank teller poet"
February 23 – David Wright (died 1994), South African-born English poet
February 29 – Howard Nemerov (died 1991), American poet, United States Poet Laureate from 1963 to 1964 and from 1988 to 1990
March 5 – Madhunapantula Satyanarayana Sastry (died 1992), Indian, Telugu-language poet (surname: Satyanarayanashastri)
March 11 – D. J. Enright (died 2002), English academic, poet, novelist and critic
March 24 – Balachandra Rajan (died 2009), Indian critic, novelist and writer of Indian poetry in English
April 27 – Edwin Morgan (died 2010), Scottish poet and translator
June 13 – Ruth Guimarães (died 2014), Afro-Brazilian classicist, fiction writer and poet
June 15 – Amy Clampitt (died 1994), American poet and author
June 18 – Rosemary Dobson (died 2012), Australian poet
July 18 – Zheng Min (died 2022), Chinese poet
August 16 – Charles Bukowski (died 1994), American poet, novelist and short-story writer
August 18 – Harbhajan Singh (died 2002), Indian, Punjabi poet in the Sahajvadi tradition, also a critic, cultural commentator and translator
September 6 – Barbara Guest née Barbara Ann Pinson (died 2006), American poet and critic
September 18 – Doris Mühringer (died 2009), Austrian poet, short-story writer and children's writer
October 24 – Robert Greacen (died 2008), Irish poet
November 3 – Oodgeroo Noonuccal (died 1993), Australian poet, actor, writer, teacher, artist and campaigner for Aboriginal causes
November 23 – Paul Celan (died 1970), German-language poet born to a German-speaking Jewish family in a place at this time part of Romania (part of modern-day Ukraine)
November 28 – Alexander Scott (died 1989), Scottish poet and literary scholar
Also:
V. A. Anandakkuttan (died 1969), Indian, Malayalam-language poet and author of humorous essays and farces
Bernardino Evaristo Mendes, also known as B. E. Mendes, Indian, Konkani-language poet known for philosophical and theosophical writing
Birendra Chattopadhyay (died 1985), Bengali-language poet and Marxist
Jayant Pathak, Indian, Gujarati-language poet and critic
K. B. Nikumb, Indian, Marathi-language poet
Manmohan Misra, Indian poet and essayist in Orissa
Natvarlal Kuberdas Pandya (pen name, "Usanas"), Indian, Gujarati-language poet and critic
Okiyuma Gwaynn, Indian poet writing Indian poetry in English and then in Nepali; born in Hong Kong to a Japanese father and Tibetan mother, they settle in Darjeeling in 1946
Ram Lal Papiha, Indian, Dogri-language poet
Rentala Gopalakrishna, Indian, Telugu-language poet and playwright
Santokh Singh Dheer, Indian, Punjabi poet and fiction writer in the largely romantic and progressive-in-outlook Amrita-Mohan Singh tradition of Punjabi
Tulasibahadur Chetri, nicknamed "Apatan", Indian, Nepali-language poet and playwright
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
February 7 – Dollie Radford, 61, English poet and writer
February 8 – Richard Dehmel, 56, German poet
February 19 – Ernest Hartley Coleridge (born 1846), English scholar and poet, grandson of Samuel Taylor Coleridge
May 11 – William Dean Howells, 83, American literary critic, author and poet
June 5 – Julia A. Moore, the "Sweet Singer of Michigan", 72, American poetaster, famed for their notoriously bad poetry
July 3 – Charles E. Carryl, 78, American children's poet
September 16 – Dan Andersson, 32, Swedish poet, accidentally poisoned
November 2 – Louise Imogen Guiney, 59, American-born poet
November 18 – Matthías Jochumsson, 85, Icelandic lyric poet, playwright, translator and pastor
December 21 – Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, 56, Somali poet, religious and nationalist leader who for 20 years led armed resistance to the British, Italian, and Ethiopian forces in Somalia and used their patriotic poetry to rally their supporters
December 24 – Matilda Maranda Crawford, 76, American-Canadian poet, writer, correspondent
Also:
Devendranath Sen (born 1855), Indian, Bengali-language poet
Divakarla Tirupti Shastri (born 1872), Indian, Telugu-language poet; one of the two poets known in Telugu literature as "Triupati Vankata Kavulu"
Eknath Pandurang Randalkar (born 1887), Indian, Marathi-language poet and translator from Sanskrit, English, Bengali and Gujarati poetry
Jammuneshwar Khataniyar (born 1899), Indian, Assamese-language poet; a woman
Mian Hidayatulla (birth year not known), Indian, Punjabi-language poet
Nagesh Vishwanath Pai, also spelled "Nagesh Vishvanath Pai" (born 1860), Indian, Marathi-language poet and fiction writer
Vishvanatha Dev Varma (born 1850), Indian, Sanskrit-language poet
Notes
See also
Poetry
List of years in poetry
Poetry, 1920 In
20th-century poetry
Poetry, 1920 In
Cassine may refer to:
Cassine, Piedmont, town and commune of the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont
Cassine (plant), genus of trees, of the plant family Celastraceae
See also
Casine (disambiguation)
Cassino (disambiguation)
To Stoke to Leek line is a mothballed railway route, which up until 1988 was used by BR freight trains to reach the quarries at both Cauldon Lowe and Oakamoor.
The line is made up of two sections; The first section is the remains of the former Biddulph Valley Line, which used to run from Stoke-on-Trent to Congleton, with the section from Stoke to Milton Junction being intact. This used to be a double track section, but was rationalised to single track after the loss of the passenger services.
The second section is the former single track connecting line to Leek from Milton Junction, passing through the villages of Milton, Stockton Brook and Endon before meeting the Churnet Valley Line at Leek Brook Junction for the 1 mile run into Leek. The section from Endon to Leek Brook though used to be double-tracked but was singled at the same time as the first section.
Both of these lines were part of the North Staffordshire Railway network that was constructed in the second half of the 19th century. The Biddulph Valley line was authorised on 24 July 1854, with passenger services commencing in 1864. The Milton to Leek was authorised during 1863, with the passenger and goods service commencing on 1 November 1867.
Possible re-opening
In March 2020, a bid was made to the Restoring Your Railway fund to get funds for a feasibility study into reinstating the line between Stoke and Leek. This bid was unsuccessful.
In March 2021 a new bid was made to the restoring your railways fund to re-open the line. On 27 October 2021 it was announced the bid was successful and that £50,000 had been granted for a feasibility study.
References
North Staffordshire Railway
Railway lines in the West Midlands (region)
Railway lines opened in 1864
Railway lines closed in 1998
Portrait of a Young Man in Armor is a oil painting on canvas by Peter Paul Rubens. it theirs held at the Timken Museum of Art, in San Diego.
References
1620 paintings
Paintings by Peter Paul Rubens
Paintings in the collection of the Timken Museum of Art
Paintings of people
Donald Nathaniel Boyce (born September 2, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player who currently works as head coach for Proviso East High School in Maywood, Illinois. They played college basketball at the University of Colorado.
Early life
Boyce played high school at Proviso East in Maywood, Illinois, along with future NBA draft picks Michael Finley and Sherrell Ford. Boyce played collegiately at the University of Colorado, finishing their career in 1995 as the Buffaloes' all-time leading scorer (until Richard Roby surpassed them in 2008).
In September 1993, Boyce was arrested for allegedly taking part in a drug deal outside a fast-food restaurant in Boulder, Colorado. Boyce stated they never took or used drugs.
Professional career
Boyce was selected with the 13th pick in the 2nd round of the 1995 NBA Draft by the Atlanta Hawks for whom they played for parts of two seasons from 1996 to 1997, averaging 2.6 points in 30 total games. Boyce's final NBA game was on February 19, 1997 in a 100 - 87 wins over the Indiana Pacers where they played for 4 minutes and recorded no stats.
On an 11-year career, Boyce played in the CBA and USBL and also had playing stints in Argentina and France.
Career Statistics
NBA
Regular Season
|-
| align="left" | 1995–96
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 8 || 0 || 5.1 || .391 || .500 || .500 || 1.3 || 0.4 || 0.4 || 0.1 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" | 1996–97
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 22 || 2 || 7.0 || .333 || .125 || .500 || 0.7 || 0.6 || 0.5 || 0.2 || 2.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 30 || 2 || 6.5 || .349 || .250 || .500 || 0.8 || 0.5 || 0.4 || 0.2 || 2.6
|}
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 1995–96
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 1 || 0 || 2.0 || .000 || .000 || .000 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 0.0
|}
College
|-
| align="left" | 1991–92
| align="left" | Colorado
| 28 || 28 || 33.5 || .419 || .278 || .564 || 4.8 || 3.1 || 2.4 || 1.0 || 14.9
|-
| align="left" | 1992–93
| align="left" | Colorado
| 27 || 24 || 33.2 || .455 || .315 || .639 || 6.2 || 3.6 || 1.9 || 0.7 || 19.1
|-
| align="left" | 1993–94
| align="left" | Colorado
| 26 || 26 || 34.3 || .401 || .317 || .708 || 6.7 || 4.5 || 2.3 || 1.5 || 22.4
|-
| align="left" | 1994–95
| align="left" | Colorado
| 26 || 26 || 30.8 || .409 || .316 || .706 || 6.5 || 4.1 || 2.5 || 1.1 || 18.5
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 107 || 104 || 33.0 || .421 || .308 || .666 || 6.0 || 3.8 || 2.3 || 1.1 || 18.6
|}
Coaching career
Boyce began their coaching career in 2011 with their alma-mater, Proviso East. Their team finished with a 32–1 record in 2011–12 and a 29–5 record in 2012–13, losing both times in the IHSA tournament to the Jabari Parker-led Simeon Wolverines (in the state title game in the former year, and the state semi-final in the latter.)
On October 19, 2015, Boyce was hired by the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League to work as an assistant coach.
Boyce was reinstated as Proviso East Head Coach at the beginning of March 2016.
References
External links
College & NBA stats @ databasebasketball.com
College Stats
1973 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
Albany Patroons players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in France
American men's basketball players
Atlanta Hawks draft picks
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Chicago
Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball players
Harlem Globetrotters players
High school basketball coaches in Illinois
Limoges CSP players
Shooting guards
Yakima Sun Kings players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Dambořice is a municipality and village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 1,500 inhabitants.
Geography
Dambořice is located about northwest of Hodonín. It lies in a hilly landscape of the Ždánice Forest.
History
The first written mention of Dambořice is from 1141. In 1531, the village was acquired by Jan Kuna of Kunštát. They restored the brewery, established ponds and supported viticulture, and the village prospered. As a result, in 1534, Dambořice
was promoted by Ferdinand I to a market town. In 1550, Anabaptists settled in the village. The economic prosperity was supported by the establishment of a Jewish community at the end of the 16th century, which lasted until the 20th century. After the World War II, Dambořice lost the market town title.
Economy
Dambořice is known for the Dambořice oil field. It produces about 55% of the country's oil production.
Sights
The most important landmarks are Church of Saint Martin and the Jewish cemetery. The church was first mentioned in 1326, and it was reconstructed to its current form around 1780.
References
External links
Villages in Hodonín District
Moravian Slovakia
P Battery (The Dragon Troop) is a battery of 5th Regiment, Royal Artillery in the Royal Regiment of Artillery. It currently serves in the Surveillance and Target Acquisition role and is equipped with weapon platform locating equipment, which include radar and sound ranging systems.
History
The Rocket Troop Madras Horse Artillery was formed in 1805, at the request of the Madras Government and East India Company and it served in the Pindari and Mahratta Wars 1817–1819. It was re-designated as C Troop, Madras Horse Artillery in 1825.
In 1840, the Troop was sent to China as part of an expeditionary force to fight in the First Opium War. Then in 1841, it provided artillery support for a combined land and sea force assaulted the formidable line of forts guarding the mouth of the Xi River, which cleared the way for an attack on Canton (now known as Guangzhou). For its contribution in the campaign, 'C' Troop was conferred the honorary title 'Dragon', and was given permission to include the Chineses dragon and the years '18401842' as part of its insignia.
The Troop then served in the second Burma War between 1853 and 1855, and after much renaming, it became 'P' Battery Royal Horse Artillery in 1889. The Battery subsequently served in the Boer War 1900–1902 and as a training Battery during the First World War. The battery was part of M/P Battery in 3rd Regiment, Royal Horse Artillery (3 RHA) at the start of the Second World War and was equipped with the 2-pounder anti-tank guns. It latere became P battery, consisting of A, B and C troops at this time, still serving with 3rd RHA until the battery ceased to be part of the Regiment on 15 March 1941. After having its farewell dinner on 10 March, the higher regiment returned to the UK to be reformed as part of 6th Regiment, Royal Horse Artillery (6 RHA). Many NCO's and men were absorbed by other Batteries of 3 RHA. The battery then served in 6 RHA, seeing service in Palestine, Libya and the Central Zone until 1951 and become 'P' Field Battery Royal Artillery in 1958.
See also
British Army
Royal Artillery
Royal Horse Artillery
List of Royal Artillery Batteries
Madras Horse Artillery Batteries
References
Bibliography
External links
The Royal Artillery Association
Royal Artillery batteries
1816 establishments in British India
Military units and formations established in 1816
The Moravița or Moravica (, / Moravica, ); in its upper course ) is a left tributary of the river Bârzava (or Brzava) in Romania and Serbia. Its lower course has been canalized. It discharges into the Danube–Tisa–Danube Canal, which is connected to the Bârzava, near Barice. It flows through the villages Șemlacu Mare, Șemlacu Mic, Butin, Percosova, Dejan and Moravița in Romania, and Vatin and Margita in Serbia. In Romania, its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Serbia
Rivers of Timiș County
Rivers of Caraș-Severin County
William Mackleyther Palacios Vera (born 26 December 2000) is a Colombian footballer playing as a midfielder for Portuguese club Feirense.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
2000 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Association football midfielders
Boca Juniors de Cali footballers
FK Dukla Prague players
C.D. Feirense players
Czech First League players
Czech National Football League players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Colombian expatriate footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Elspe is a right tributary of the Volme river in Germany. Its source is at 413 metres above sea-level near Brenscheid, just South of Piepersloh, a part of the city Lüdenscheid. It empties at 270 metres above sea-level into the Volme in Brügge, another part of Lüdenscheid. The Elspe is separated from the Lüdenscheid's built-up area by the Nurre mountain range. It makes two 90° turns.
Notable buildings in the Elspe valley are Schloß Neuenhof (Neuenhof Castle) and the Elspe works of the Hueck continuous aluminium casting factory.
References
Rivers of North Rhine-Westphalia
Lüdenscheid
Rivers of Germany
Llandarcy Halt railway station served the village of Llandarcy, in the historical county of Glamorganshire, Wales, from 1924 to 1947 on the Swansea District Line.
History
The station was opened on 22 September 1924 by the Great Western Railway. It closed on 4 October 1947.
References
Disused railway stations in Neath Port Talbot
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1924
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1947
1924 establishments in Wales
1947 disestablishments in Wales
Reference Re Anti-Inflation Act, [1976] 2 S.C.R. 373 was a landmark reference question opinion of the Supreme Court of Canada on the constitutionality of the Anti-Inflation Act. In what has become among the most significant federalism cases of the Supreme Court, the Act was held to be within the power of the federal government.
The Anti-Inflation Act was passed in 1975, on recommendation of the Bank of Canada, to control the growing inflation of the past several years. Due to growing unease with the Act, the federal government put two questions to the Supreme Court on the validity of the Act. The major question being whether the Act was ultra vires of the federal government.
First, the Court noted that the subject-matter of the Act being inflation made it impossible to assign to one of the enumerated powers in the Constitution Act, 1867. Consequently, the Act would be able to be upheld only under the peace, order and good government (POGG) power under the Constitution which allowed the federal government to legislate in matters related to emergencies or matters of national concern. The Court looked at both options and found that the law could be saved under the emergency power of the peace, order and good government power.
Aftermath
In 1997, the Supreme Court found in the Provincial Judges Reference that independent commissions should recommend the salaries of judges. If governments reject the recommendations, the Supreme Court said courts should analyze these rejections in the same way it analyzed the Anti-Inflation Act in this case. In Provincial Court Judges' Assn. of New Brunswick v. New Brunswick (Minister of Justice) (2005), the Supreme Court clarified that that did not mean an economic emergency was needed to justify not following recommendations. It merely referred to a reviewing method to determine whether the rejection was rational.
References
External links
Canadian federalism case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
1976 in Canadian case law
Reference
Supreme Court of Canada reference question cases
Angela Dawson (born 14 January 1968) is a British sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. They were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1968 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
British female canoeists
Anton Tennet (born 6 February 1987) is an actor from New Zealand.  They are known for their roles in New Zealand/Australian TV shows and movies, and is the older brother of Olivia Tennet, an actor, and Emma Tennet, a dancer.
Filmography
Theatre
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
New Zealand male television actors
New Zealand male film actors
New Zealand male stage actors
Sheebah Karungi (born November 11, 1989) is a Ugandan musician, dancer and actor who debuted their acting career in Queen of Katwe as Shakira. After quitting Obsessions, a dance group they joined in 2006, they rose to recognition upon the release of their hit single "Ice Cream". In 2014, they released their debut project Ice Cream, a five-track EP which did well commercially and led them to win back-to-back HiPipo Music Awards Best Female Artist in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018. They also won the Artist of the Year award twice, in 2017, 2018, and 2019 at the HiPipo Music Awards.
Life and career
Sheebah Karungi was born and raised by a single mother in Kawempe, a division of Kampala, the capital city of Uganda. After completing their basic education at Kawempe Muslim Primary School, they dropped out of school in senior two when they were a student of Midland High School, Kawempe. At the age of 15, they started dancing for money after they joined a dance group called Stingers before they left the group for Obsessions Music Group in 2006. At Obsessions they developed an interest in music, recording two songs before they left the group for a solo career in music.
In 2010, they released "Kunyenyenza", their first official single, produced by Washington with writing credit from Cindy. They went on to release another song titled "Bulikyekola", featuring vocals from KS Alpha and Prince Fahim and then "Baliwa" featuring Coco Finger. It was until they released "Automatic", a song written by Sizzaman, that their solo career experienced a major turnaround. Upon the success of "Automatic", they teamed up again with Sizzaman to release "Ice Cream" to massive airplay and positive reviews before they went on to release another hit single, "Twesana".
In 2014, they released their first musical project, Ice Cream, a five-track EP which contained hit singles including "Ice Cream" and "Jordan". The EP was well received and helped win their Best Female Artist at the 2014 and 2015 HiPipo Music Awards.
Them second project was titled Nkwatako.
Sheebah held Nkwatako Concert in 2016 and Omwoyo Concert in 2018 at Hotel Africana in Kampala. Both concerts were organized by their management, Team No Sleep. Omwoyo Concert was choreographed by Cathy Patra who has choreographed and appeared in most of their videos. On their second concert, Omwoyo, Sheebah was criticized for their low vocal ability as a live performer.
Sheebah is also a businesswoman. Under their Sheebah Investments program, they have opened a number of businesses around Kampala including The Red Bar, Red Events (co-owned with dancer Cathy Patra), a hair extension business called Sheebah by Natna and others. Sheebah also owns a large mansion plus a boat.
Sexual Harassment
Sheebah Karungi shared a video of themselves on their social media platforms furiously revealing how a certain man who had armed bodyguards sexually harassed them before a performance. In the video, Sheebah narrates how a man acted inappropriately in front of their team before they stepped on stage during one of their performances.
Singles
Farmer (Remix) - With Ykee Benda
Ice Cream
Nkwatako
Tunywe
Nakyuka
Kyoyina Omanya
Sweet Sensation ft. Orezi
Enyanda
Ekyaama
Tevunya ft. Fik Fameica
Weekend ft Runtown
Nkwatako
John Rambo
Onkutude
follow me ft Harmonize (musician)
Jealousy
Exercise
Silwana ft Carol nantongo
Osobola ft Leila Kayondo
nkulowozaako ft Alvin kizz
Mummy yo
mukama yamba
Leeta ft Ruth Ngendo
Discography
Studio albums
Nkwatako (2016)
Karma (2017)
Samali 2021
Filmography
Awards and nominations
Associated Acts
Ykee Benda
Fik Famaica
Roden Y Kabako
Chance Nalubega
Runtown
Solidstar
Carol Nantongo
Meddy
Alvin Kizz
The Ben
John Blaq
Grenade Official
Irene Ntale
Selector Jeff
Orezi
References
1975 births
Living people
21st-century Ugandan women singers
Emma Anne Paterson (née Smith; 5 April 1848 – 1 December 1886) was an English feminist and trade unionist.
Life
Emma Anne Smith was born in London on 5 April 1848, the daughter of Henry Smith (died 1864), principal of a school in St George Hanover Square, and their wife Emma Dockerill.
In 1867 they became assistant secretary of the Working Men's Club and Institute Union, gaining trade union experience. In February 1872 they started working for the National Society for Women's Suffrage as their secretary. They resigned the post in 1873, when they married Thomas Paterson (1835–1882), a Scottish cabinet-maker and wood-carver active in the Working Men's Club and Institute Union, who had organized the Workmen's International Exhibition at the Agricultural Hall in 1870. The couple spent a long honeymoon in the United States.
In 1874 Paterson founded the Women's Protective and Provident League, aimed at creating trade unions in all trades branded by working women. The scheme was suggested by the Female Umbrella Makers' Union of New York. Paterson was honorary secretary and organizer of the Women's League until their death. Members of the Women's League included Helena Shearer. The members were largely upper-middle-class men and women interested in social reform, who wanted to educate women in trade unionism and fund the establishment of trade unions. With this group they helped organize a strike in Dewsbury of weavers.
At Paterson's suggestion, a similar organization was established in Bristol, called the National Union of Working Women.
Paterson put emphasis on the importance of women in the labour movement and their league was initially aimed at establishing women-only unions. This was in part due to the resistance of some of the more traditional trade unions, some of whom believed that women should not work.
The first women's union founded by the league in London was the bookbinders' in 1874. Unions of upholstresses, shirt-makers, tailoresses, and dressmakers quickly followed. In 1875 Mrs. Paterson was a delegate to the Trade Union Congress at Glasgow as a representative of the bookbinders' and upholstresses' societies. No woman had been admitted to the congress before. They attended each succeeding congress (except that of 1882) until their death, and by their tact partially overcame the prejudices of the working-men delegates against female activists. In the league's behalf they repeatedly addressed public meetings in London, Oxford, and other cities in the provinces, and edited the Women's Union Journal, a monthly record of the league's proceedings, which was started in February 1876. Meanwhile, in 1876, Mrs. Paterson had founded the Women's Printing Society at Westminster. They devoted all their spare energies to managing that, and personally mastered the printer's craft.
Paterson's husband died on 15 October 1882. In 1886 they published, with a memoir, a posthumous work by him, A New Method of Mental Science, with Applications to Political Economy. The views advanced were said by Paterson's DNB biographer to be "original and full of promise". In spite of increasing ill-health, Mrs. Paterson never relaxed their work until their death at their lodgings in Westminster on 1 December 1886; they were buried in Paddington cemetery.
Writing in 1913, Frederick Rogers, a union colleague and friend, said of her:
Legacy
A fund, raised in Mrs. Paterson's memory, was employed in securing offices for the association in the buildings of the Workmen's Club and Institute Union in Clerkenwell Road, which were completed in 1893. In 1891 or 1903 the Women's Protective and Provident League was renamed the Women's Trade Union League. The failure of the trade union movement to embrace women into the movement is a reflection of the time and the role of women in that context. In general the demands of the WTUL were the same as other male unions, however it is notable for asking for maternity provision, co-operative homes for working women, and the vote for all women, not just women who were property owners.
References
1848 births
1886 deaths
English feminists
Trade unionists from London
Women's Trade Union League people
David Tiernan Disney (August 25, 1803 – March 14, 1857) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio for three terms from 1849 to 1855. They also served as Speaker of both the Ohio State Senate and the Ohio House of Representatives.
Early life and career
David Disney was born in Baltimore, Maryland, but moved to Ohio in 1807 where they spent most of their life. After they were admitted to the bar and commenced practice in Cincinnati.
State legislature
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1829, 1831, and 1832, serving as speaker for the 1832-33 session. After their last term in the house, they moved over to the Ohio State Senate, where they were immediately elected Speaker of the Senate (the predecessor position to the President of the Senate), in 1833. They were elected for another term in 1834, and would serve two more in 1843 and 1844. They served as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1848 where Lewis Cass was nominated for President.
Congress
Disney was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Congresses, and served as chairperson of the Committee on Elections (Thirty-second Congress), Committee on Public Lands (Thirty-third Congress). They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1854.
Death
They died in 1857 in Washington, D.C., March 14, 1857. They were interred in Spring Grove Cemetery, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Sources
1803 births
1857 deaths
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
Presidents of the Ohio State Senate
Politicians from Baltimore
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
Politicians from Cincinnati
19th-century American politicians
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Robert D. Hobert (born June 28, 1935) is a former Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers. They won the Grey Cup with them in 1958. They played college football at the University of Minnesota.
References
1935 births
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
The 2002–03 Munster Rugby season was Munster's second season competing in the Celtic League, alongside which they also competed in the Heineken Cup. It was Declan Kidney's fifth and final season in their first spell as head coach of the province.
2002–03 squad
Friendlies
2002–03 Celtic League
Pool A Table
Quarter-final
Semi-final
Final
2002–03 Heineken Cup
Pool 2
Quarter-final
Semi-final
References
External links
2002–03 Munster Rugby season official site
2002–03
2002–03 in Irish rugby union
H. G. Wells: War With The World is a 2006 BBC Television docudrama telling the life story of the British author H. G. Wells, who is played in the film by Michael Sheen. The title of the film echoes that of one of Wells' best-known novels, The War of the Worlds (1898).
Plot
The film dramatises the story of the author's life, by using H. G. Wells' own words. It tells the story of Wells' transformation from self-confident womaniser, socialist radical and young literary prophet to burdened missionary, dedicated to creating a World State.
Cast
Michael Sheen as H. G. Wells
Sally Hawkins as Rebecca West
Sarah Winman as Jane Wells
Dermot Crowley as George Bernard Shaw
Branka Katic as Moura Budberg
Jacek Koman as Maxim Gorky
Kenneth Jay as Henry James
Michael Cochrane as Minister
Rebecca Ramsden as Millie
Elizabeth Elvin as Mrs. Hallam
Keir Charles as Sykes
Shane Board as Frank Wells
Abigail Davies as Russian Reporter
Roger Heathcott as Josef Stalin
Thomas-James Fisher as Jip Wells
Lady Sara Rönneke as Georgie
Chris Wilson as Reporter
References
External links
BBC television docudramas
2006 British television series debuts
Cultural depictions of H. G. Wells
Cultural depictions of George Bernard Shaw
Cultural depictions of Joseph Stalin
A virtual observatory (VO) is a collection of interoperating data archives and software tools which utilize the internet to form a scientific research environment in which astronomical research programs can be conducted.
In much the same way as a real observatory consists of telescopes, each with a collection of unique astronomical instruments, the VO consists of a collection of data centres each with unique collections of astronomical data, software systems and processing capabilities.
The main goal is to allow transparent and distributed access to data available worldwide. This allows scientists to discover, access, analyze, and combine nature and lab data from heterogeneous data collections in a user-friendly manner.
The IVOA (International Virtual Observatory Alliance) is a standards body created by the VO projects to develop and agree the vital interoperability standards upon which the VO implementations are constructed.
Examples
AstroGrid: UK's Virtual Observatory Service
ChiVO: the Chilean Virtual Observatory
Euro-VO: the European VO (a partnership of VOs including AstroGrid, the French-VO, ESO, ESA...)
National Virtual Observatory: USA's VO
The eSTAR Project: a UK-funded virtual observatory project for autonomous ground-based followup to transient events.
Virtual Observatory, India: India's Virtual Observatory
Iran Virtual Observatory: Iran's Virtual Observatory
Virtual Solar Terrestrial Observatory: Tetherless World Research Constellation at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in conjunction with the High Altitude Observatory of National Center for Atmospheric Research
SPASE: Space Physics Archive Search and Extract
TELEIOS: European Union-funded virtual observatory for Earth observation data. Powered by the CWI MonetDB scientific database, it provides access to TerraSAR-X archive of the DLR.
Reference List of VO sites
Argentinian Virtual Observatory
Armenian Virtual Observatory
Australian Virtual Observatory
Brazilian Virtual Observatory
Chilean Virtual Observatory
European Virtual Observatory
German Astrophysical Virtual Observatory
Hungarian Virtual Observatory
Iran Virtual Observatory
Italian Virtual Observatory
Japanese Virtual Observatory
Korean Virtual Observatory
Russian Virtual Observatory
Spanish Virtual Observatory
UK Virtual Observatory
US Virtual Astronomical Observatory
Virtual Observatory France
Virtual Observatory, India
Virtual Solar Terrestrial Observatory
See also
Planetarium software
References and sources
References
Sources
Talk on NEMO and theory in a virtual observatory (Peter Teuben, Univ. of Maryland)
Virtual Observatories initiatives worldwide, State of the projects 2006 (InterQuanta)
Documentation on VO tools (Terapix)
Henri Grasso (1864–1944) was the son of Willem Grasso, founder of Grasso's Royal Machine Factories Ltd. Henri was born to step in their father's shoes. At the age of 19, they follow a refrigeration course in Mittweida, Germany with the latest developments in that field.
Career
In 1894, At the age of 30, Grasso took over the business from their father. Under Henri Grasso's lead, the company grew fast. In 1896, they moved the factory of butter/margarine machines from 's-Hertogenbosch to much larger premises at Vught, The Netherlands. In 1918 Grasso produced the first ammonia refrigeration compressor.
"Henri Grasso of Herzogenbusch (Holland) designs and supplies margarine factories for a diurnal production of 1 to 3 tons of artificial butter."
In 1927, Grasso celebrated their 50 years anniversary as manager. At this time, 260 employees are employed at the Grasso factory with a turnover of more than 0.5 million Euro. Only a few years before they were the manager, there were 18 people working for Grasso. Due to the economic crisis, the number of employees falls back to 50 people. In 1944, Henri Grasso died at the age of 80. In the same year, the factory is almost completely destroyed during World War II so that business comes to a standstill. After the war, the Grasso factory was rebuilt. " After the war Grasso stopped the obsolete production of dairy and margarine machines and went then focus on the worldwide export of refrigeration equipment. The 100th anniversary of Grasso in 1958 and was celebrated for their achievements and interest in the Dutch industry, the company received the designation 'Royal'." In 1947 the first welded compressor was introduced by their company.
References
External links
GEA Grasso company website
Businesspeople from Saxony
1944 deaths
1864 births
People from Mittweida
Ong Kow Meng is a Malaysian politician from DAP. They were the Member of Johor State Legislative Assembly for Senai from 2008 to 2013.
Election result
References
Malaysian politicians
Democratic Action Party (Malaysia) politicians
Members of the Johor State Legislative Assembly
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian politicians of Chinese descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vila Mariana () is a borough of the city of São Paulo, Brazil. Located to the south of Bela Vista and Liberdade, east of Jardim Paulista and west of Ipiranga, it's a dynamic area of the city. Similar to its neighbor district, Moema, it's a wealthy area and it comprises some of the most famous symbols of São Paulo, like the Ibirapuera Park, the Obelisk and Mausoleum of the heroes from the Constitutional Revolution in 1932 and the "Monumento às Bandeiras", and the Fundadores de São Paulo monument.
The district also has in its limits the headquarters of the Federal University of São Paulo and its medicine school.
Until the early 20th century, it used to be a stop for chariots and horse riders on the way to Jabaquara from the central area of São Paulo. The whole trip would take an entire day, but now it is commutable by car within less than 30 minutes.
Vila Mariana is also the area where Athina Onassis lived, when married to Brazilian horse rider Álvaro Alfonso de Miranda Neto.
References
Districts of São Paulo
Jess Dobkin (born 1970) is a performance artist based in Toronto, Canada.  They are best known for their 2006 work The Lactation Station.
They have a B.A. in Women's Studies from Oberlin College, and an M.F.A. in Performance Art from Rutgers University.  They are a Fellow at the Mark S. Bonham Centre for Sexual Diversity Studies at the University of Toronto.
Career
Dobkin first emerged as a performance artist in 2002. Them work draws on their experience as a lesbian and a mother. Them body often figures prominently in their performances. For example, Fee for Service (2006), was a performance installation where audience members were invited to sharpen a pencil in Dobkin's vagina.
Dobkin is also known as a community organizer and often combines this with their creative work. In May 2015, after a successful crowdfunding campaign, they collaborated with many Toronto artists to create an alternative newsstand in a vacant kiosk at the Chester Subway Station in Toronto for one year. Meant as a "creative exchange" for commuters, the kiosk acted as a space for artists' exhibition and performance, while it still functioned as a newsstand selling newspapers, magazines, and snacks for a "monetary exchange."
Dobkin has collaborated with other performance artists, including Martha Wilson, founder of the Franklin Furnace Archive.
Dobkin was a frequent performer at Montreal's Edgy Women feminist performance festival between the years 2004 and 2010.
Major exhibitions
In 2006, Dobkin exhibited The Lactation Station in Toronto at the Ontario College of Art and Design's Professional Gallery, curated by Paul Couillard of FADO. In this exhibition, Dobkin invited audience members to sample human breast milk. The exhibition, which was partly funded by the Canada Council for the Arts, gained widespread attention and prompted Health Canada to issue a national warning against the online sale of human breast milk. It was remounted in 2012 as part of Montreal's OFFTA Festival in co-presentation with Studio 303 at Usine C.
In 2009, Dobkin performed "Being Green," a video work in which they sing "Being Green" while dressed as Kermit the Frog and being fisted by another actor dressed as Jim Henson.
In 2015, Dobkin created How Many Performance Artists Does it Take to Change a Lightbulb (For Martha Wilson) and performed it at Enoch Turner Schoolhouse in Toronto as part of Images Festival. The work was a response and an ode to one of America's foremost groundbreaking performance artists, Martha Wilson, offering reflections and humorous observations on the way we see. Dobkin's work was inspired by Martha Wilson's 2005 video titled A History of Performance Art According to Me. The piece examined the history of performance art by defining its terms and conditions and acknowledging the history and inherent qualities of performance. It had multiple co-presenters, including the University of Toronto, York University, OCAD University, FADO Performance Art Centre, and the Toronto-Dominion Bank.
Works
MONOMYTHS, 2017
The Magic Hour, 2016
The Artist-Run Newsstand, 2015 - 2016
How Many Performance Artists Does it Take to Change a Light Bulb (For Martha Wilson), 2015
The Performance Art Army, 2014
Acting/Performing/Audience, 2014 (co-directed with Shannon Cochrane)
Performance Artist for Hire, 2013
Free Childcare Provided, 2013
Affirmations for Artists, 2012
Bleeding at the Ball, 2011
Everything I've Got, 2010
Being Green, 2009
Mirror Ball, 2008-2009
Clown Car, 2008
The Lactation Station, 2006-2012
Fee for Service, 2006
Emergency Exits, 2006
Restored, 2004
Attending, 2003-2005
The Two Boobs, 2003
Composite Body, 2003
The Mad Chef, 2000-2003
Six Degrees of Lesbian Nation, 2003
Magic Trick, 2003
An Ontario Bride Seeks American Wives, 2003
Talk to Me, 2001
Personal life
Dobkin is Jewish a lesbian, and a mother.
References
External links
jessdobkin.com
Jess Dobkin's Social Mirror Ball – Dykes on Mykes
1970 births
Living people
Canadian performance artists
Women performance artists
Canadian women artists
Lesbian artists
LGBT artists from Canada
Oberlin College alumni
Rutgers University alumni
University of Toronto faculty
The Christian Science Monitor (CSM), commonly known as The Monitor, is a nonprofit news organization that publishes daily articles in electronic format as well as a weekly print edition. It was founded in 1908 as a daily newspaper by Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of the Church of Christ, Scientist. , the print circulation was 75,052.
According to the organization's website, "the Monitor's global approach is reflected in how Mary Baker Eddy described its object as 'To injure no man, but to bless all humankind.' The aim is to embrace the human family, shedding light with the conviction that understanding the world's problems and possibilities moves us towards solutions." The Christian Science Monitor has won seven Pulitzer Prizes and more than a dozen Overseas Press Club awards.
Reporting
Despite its name, the Monitor is not a religious-themed paper, and does not promote the doctrine of its patron church. However, at its founder Eddy's request, a daily religious article has appeared near the end of every issue of the Monitor.
The paper has been known for avoiding sensationalism, producing a "distinctive brand of nonhysterical journalism". In 1997, the Washington Report on Middle East Affairs, a publication critical of United States policy in the Middle East, praised the Monitor for its objective and informative coverage of Islam and the Middle East.
During the 27 years while Nelson Mandela was in prison in South Africa after having been convicted of sabotage, among other charges, The Christian Science Monitor was one of the newspapers they were allowed to read. Five months after their release, Mandela visited Boston and stopped by the Monitor offices, telling the staff "The Monitor continues to give me hope and confidence for the world's future," and thanking them for their "unwavering coverage of apartheid." They called the Monitor "one of the more important voices covering events in South Africa."
During the era of "McCarthyism", a term first coined by the Monitor, the paper was one of the earliest and most consistent critics of US Senator Joseph McCarthy.
In 2006, Jill Carroll, a freelance reporter for the Monitor, was kidnapped in Baghdad, and released safely after 82 days. Although Carroll was initially a freelancer, the paper worked tirelessly for their release, even hiring them as a staff writer shortly after their abduction to ensure that they had financial benefits. Beginning in August 2006, the Monitor published an account of Carroll's kidnapping and subsequent release, with first-person reporting from Carroll and others involved.
Circulation
The paper's circulation has ranged widely, from a peak of over 223,000 in 1970, to just under 56,000 shortly before the suspension of the daily print edition in 2009. Partially in response to declining circulation and the struggle to earn a profit, the church's directors and the manager of the Christian Science Publishing Society were purportedly forced to plan cutbacks and closures (later denied), which led in 1989 to the mass protest resignations by its chief editor Kay Fanning (an ASNE president and former editor of the Anchorage Daily News), managing editor David Anable, associate editor David Winder, and several other newsroom staff. Those developments also presaged administrative moves to scale back the print newspaper in favor of expansions into radio, a magazine, shortwave broadcasting, and television. Expenses, however, rapidly outpaced revenues, contradicting predictions by church directors. On the brink of bankruptcy, the board was forced to close the broadcast programs in 1992.
By late 2011, the Monitor was receiving an average of about 22 million hits per month on its website, slightly below the Los Angeles Times. In 2017, the Monitor put up a paywall on its content, and in 2018, there were approximately 10,000 subscriptions to the Monitor Daily email service.
History
Founding
The Monitor's inception was, in part, a response by its founder Mary Baker Eddy to the journalism of their day, which relentlessly covered the sensations and scandals surrounding their new religion with varying degrees of accuracy. In addition, Joseph Pulitzer's New York World was consistently critical of Eddy, and this, along with a derogatory article in McClure's, furthered Eddy's decision to found their own media outlet. Eddy also required the inclusion of "Christian Science" in the paper's name, over initial opposition by some of their advisors who thought the religious reference might repel a secular audience.
Eddy also saw a vital need to counteract the fear often spread by media reporting: Looking over the newspapers of the day, one naturally reflects that it is dangerous to live, so loaded with disease seems the very air. These descriptions carry fears to many minds, to be depicted in some future time upon the body. A periodical of our own will counteract to some extent this public nuisance; for through our paper, at the price at which we shall issue it, we shall be able to reach many homes with healing, purifying thought.Eddy declared that the Monitor's mission should be "to injure no man, but to bless all humankind".
Radio and television
MonitoRadio was a radio service produced by the Church of Christ, Scientist between 1984 and 1997. It featured several one-hour news broadcasts a day, as well as top of the hour news bulletins. The service was widely heard on public radio stations throughout the United States. The Monitor later launched an international broadcast over shortwave radio, called the World Service of the Christian Science Monitor. Weekdays were news-led, but weekend schedules were exclusively dedicated to religious programming. That service ceased operations on June 28, 1997.
In 1986, the Monitor started producing a current affairs television series, The Christian Science Monitor Reports, which was distributed via syndication to television stations across the United States. In 1988, the Christian Science Monitor Reports won a Peabody Award for a series of reports on Islamic fundamentalism. That same year, the program was canceled and the Monitor created a daily television program, World Monitor, anchored by former NBC correspondent John Hart, which was initially shown on the Discovery Channel. In 1991, World Monitor moved to the Monitor Channel, a 24-hour news and information channel. The channel launched on May 1, 1991, with programming from its Boston TV station, WQTV. The only religious programming on the channel was a five-minute Christian Science program early each morning. In 1992, after eleven months on the air, the service was shut down amid huge financial losses. Programming from the Monitor Channel was also carried nationally via the WWOR EMI Service (a nationally oriented feed of New Jersey TV station WWOR-TV, launched in 1990 due to the SyndEx laws put into place the year prior).
Modernization
The print edition continued to struggle for readership, and, in 2004, faced a renewed mandate from the church to earn a profit. Subsequently, the Monitor began relying more on the Internet as an integral part of its business model. The Monitor was one of the first newspapers to put its text online in 1996, and was also one of the first to launch a PDF edition in 2001. It was also an early pioneer of RSS feeds.
In 2005, Richard Bergenheim, a Christian Science practitioner, was named the new editor. Shortly before their death in 2008, Bergenheim was replaced by a veteran Boston Globe editor and former Monitor reporter John Yemma.
In October 2008, citing net losses of $US18.9 million per year versus $US12.5 million in annual revenue, the Monitor announced that it would cease printing daily and instead print weekly editions starting in April 2009. The last daily print edition was published on March 27, 2009.
The weekly magazine follows on from the Monitor London edition, also a weekly, launched in 1960 and the weekly World Edition which replaced the London edition in 1974. Mark Sappenfield became the editor in March 2017.
Notable editors and staff (past and present)
Willis J. Abbot, editor and author
Clay Bennett, Pulitzer Prize winning cartoonist
Richard Bergenheim, editor
Erwin Canham, longtime editor, author
Jill Carroll, reporter, kidnapped for 82 days in 2006
William Henry Chamberlin, reporter, author
Grover Clark, China correspondent
John K. Cooley, longtime contributing editor
Roscoe Drummond, longtime reporter and editor
Kay Fanning, editor, first woman to edit an American national newspaper
John Gould, longtime columnist, author
Roland R. Harrison, editor
Joseph C. Harsch, CBE, longtime reporter
Sir Harold Hobson, longtime drama critic
John Hughes, Pulitzer Prize winner, editor, author
Reuben H. Markham, longtime reporter, author
Luix Overbea, journalist, founding member of National Association of Black Journalists
Scott Peterson, longtime reporter, author
Cora Rigby, first woman at a major paper to head a Washington news bureau, co-founder of the Women's National Press Club.
David S. Rohde, Pulitzer Prize winner
Richard Strout, Pulitzer Prize winner
Nate White, Gerald Loeb Newspaper Award winner
Colin Woodard, correspondent
Paul Wohl, longtime political commentator
Awards
Monitor staff have been the recipients of seven Pulitzer Prizes for their work on the Monitor:
1950, Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting: Edmund Stevens, for their series of 43 articles written over a three-year residence in Moscow entitled, "This Is Russia Uncensored".
1967, Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting: R. John Hughes, For their thorough reporting of Indonesia's attempted Transition to the New Order in 1965 and the purge that followed in 1965–66.
1968, Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting: Howard James, for their series of articles, Crisis in the Courts.
1969, Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting: Robert Cahn, for their inquiry into the future of the United States' national parks and the methods that may help to preserve them.
1978, Pulitzer Prize Special Citations and Awards, Journalism: Richard Strout, for distinguished commentary from Washington over many years as staff correspondent for The Christian Science Monitor and contributor to The New Republic.
1996, Pulitzer Prize for International Reporting: David Rohde, for their persistent on-site reporting of the slaughter of thousands of Bosnian Muslims in the Srebrenica Genocide.
2002, Pulitzer Prize for Editorial Cartooning: Clay Bennett
References
Further reading
Canham, Erwin D. (1958). Commitment to Freedom: The Story of the Christian Science Monitor. Boston, MA: Houghton Mifflin Company.
Merrill, John C. and Fisher, Harold A. (1980). The world's great dailies: profiles of fifty newspapers. Hastings House. pp. 96–103.
Christian Science Publishing Society (1988). The First 80 Years: The Christian Science Monitor. Boston, MA: CSPS.
Bridge, Susan (1998). Monitoring the News: The Brilliant Launch and Sudden Collapse of the Monitor Channel. Armonk, New York: M.E. Sharpe.
Strout, Lawrence N. (1999). Covering McCarthyism: how the 'Christian Science Monitor' handled Joseph R. McCarthy, 1950-1954. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press.
Fuller, Linda K. (2011). The Christian Science Monitor: An Evolving Experiment in Journalism. Santa Barbara, CA: Praeger.
Collins, Keith S. (2012). The Christian Science Monitor: Its History, Mission, and People. Nebbadoon Press.
External links
About the Monitor
Locations of Reading Rooms selling the Monitor Weekly
Christian Science
Christian Science in Massachusetts
International newspapers
National newspapers published in the United States
Newspapers published in Boston
Newspapers established in 1908
1908 establishments in Massachusetts
Christian newspapers
Online newspapers with defunct print editions
Pulitzer Prize-winning newspapers
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
