William Greenstock (15 January 1865 – 13 November 1944) was a South African-born English first-class cricketer. Born in Keiskammahoek, Cape Province, South Africa they nevertheless played all their cricket in England. A right-handed batsman and occasional off-spinner, Greenstock appeared only seven times in first-class cricket, but these matches spanned a period of well over thirty years.
Educated at Fettes College they won an exhibition to St John's College, Cambridge in 1884 and made their first-class debut for Cambridge University against Yorkshire on 3 June 1886. Cambridge won the game by 26 runs, but Greenstock's personal contribution was forgettable as they made only 4* and 6. They appeared twice more for the university the following season, making what was to prove their career-best innings of 49 against CI Thornton's XI.
On graduating in 1887 Greenstock embarked on a career as a schoolmaster holding positions at Clifton College (1888–1892), Malvern College (1892–1928) and in retirement as an assistant housemaster at Harrow School.
Twelve years after graduating, Greenstock reappeared in the first-class game in 1899 when they appeared twice for Worcestershire, who were in their first season of county cricket. Scores of 16, 8, 11 and 13 were not impressive, however, and they again dropped out of the side for a long period. Recalled for a match against Somerset in August 1914, they were bowled for 1 in the first innings and not required to bat in the second; again they were dropped and World War I put paid to any chance of a speedy return to the side.
Greenstock's final outing in the first-class game was to come in a game against HK Foster's XI at New Road in August 1919. By now Greenstock was 54 years old, yet still managed a creditable 37 runs in the match, 33 of these coming in the first innings. That was to mark the end of their career, and they died in Pilcot, Dogmersfield, Hampshire at the age of 79.
Greenstock was the brother-in-law of the famous Foster brothers. Their nephews Christopher and Peter also had short first-class careers, while their son John played for Worcestershire in the 1920s.
References
External links
1865 births
1944 deaths
People from Keiskammahoek
People educated at Fettes College
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Worcestershire cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Foster family
Cricketers from the Eastern Cape
Ready For Reed – Sam Reed Meets Roberto Magris is an album by jazz saxophonist Sam Reed and pianist Roberto Magris released on the JMood label in 2013.
Reception
The All About Jazz review by C. Michael Bailey awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "The union of the pair on Ready for Reed is not the standard "blowing session" of the 1950s, but instead a cogent and integrated paradigm of musical ideas expressed as such. This music does not have the hot New York City sound of period Jazz Messengers; it is more like the Philadelphia sound of Bobby Timmons and the Heath brothers, with whom Reed performed." The All About Jazz review by Jack Bowers awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "Italian-born Pianist Roberto Magris, never one to let labels stand in the way of tasteful and invigorating music, skates from funk to fusion, blues to bop and even ballads on this prismatic album with guest alto Sam Reed, a longtime trouper on the Philadelphia scene who cut their musical teeth with the likes of trumpeter Ted Curson, pianist Bobby Timmons and the redoubtable Heath brothers (Albert, Percy and especially saxophonist Jimmy)." The All About Jazz review by Edward Blanco awarded the album 4 stars and simply states: "It certainly seems clear that Sam Reed was ready to meet and play with Roberto Magris and that the pianist, in turn, was obviously Ready for Reed and, as documented on this superb outing, these two master musician sure know how to make some beautiful music together."
Track listing
Jungle Strut (Gene Ammons) – 5:47
The Swagger (Roberto Magris) – 7:05
Love You Madly (Duke Ellington) – 6:49
Paris Blues Revisited (Billy Strayhorn) – 7:44
Quasimodo (Charlie Parker) – 5:03
I Married an Angel (Rodgers/Hart) – 6:58
Ready for Reed (Roberto Magris) – 5:06
Sweet Jenny Lou (Carpenter/Mundy) – 4:59
Be My Love (Cahn/Brodszky) – 5:22
Stopstart (Lee Morgan) – 3:37
Audio Notebook – 10:45
Personnel
Musicians
Sam Reed – alto sax
Kendall Moore – trombone
Steve Lambert – tenor sax (on 6, 7)
Roberto Magris – piano, Hammond organ
Dominique Sanders – bass
Brian Steever – drums
Pablo Sanhueza – congas (on 1, 2, 7 e 8)
Production
Paul Collins – executive producer and producer
George Hunt – engineering
Stephen Bocioaca – design
Jerry Lockett and Nadja Debenjak – photography
References
2013 albums
Roberto Magris albums
The Maldives competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo which were held from 23 July to 8 August 2021. Originally scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020, the event was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This was the nation's ninth appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut in 1988. The delegation consisted of four athletes, two men and two women, competing in four events across three sports. Two athletes participated in the swimming tournament: Mubal Azzam Ibrahim and Aishath Sajina. Athlete Hassan Saaid, a returning competitor from the 2016 Rio Olympics competed in the men's 100 m. Fathimath Nabaaha Abdul Razzaq was the first badminton player the Maldives entered into the Olympic tournament since the 2012 London Olympics. For the first time, in an effort to promote gender equality, two flagbearers, one male and one female were allowed at the Olympics. Nabaaha and Mubal lead the Maldivian squad as the flagbearers in the opening ceremony. The Maldives, however, has yet to win its first ever Olympic medal.
Background
The Maldives is an archipelagic country located in Southern Asia, situated in the Indian Ocean. Formerly a protectorate of the United Kingdom, it gained independence in 1965. The Maldives Olympic Committee was formed in 1985, and was recognized by the International Olympic Committee the same year. The Maldives have participated in every Summer Olympics since its debut in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. The highest number of Maldivians participating at any single Summer Games was seven at the 1988 Games and the 1992 Games in Barcelona, Spain. No Maldivian has ever won a medal at the Olympics.
The 2020 Summer Olympics were originally due to be held from 24 July to 9 August 2020, but were delayed to 23 July to 8 August 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the 2020 Summer Olympics, the Maldives sent a delegation of four athletes. The Maldivian team at the 2020 Games featured a track and field athlete, a badminton player and two swimmers. Sprinter Hassan Saaid participating in the men's 100 metres was the only returning athlete from the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Badminton player Fathimath Nabaaha Abdul Razzaq and swimmers Mubal Azzam Ibrahim and Aishath Sajina made their debut at the Olympics participating in the women's singles, men's 100 m freestyle and women's 100 m breaststroke respectively. All of the Maldivian participants qualified for the Games through universality slots (a quota allowing nations to send athletes if no one has qualified for the event) from the International Association of Athletics Federations, FINA and Badminton World Federation. Nabaaha and Mubal were chosen to be the flagbearers for the Maldives during the parade of nations of the opening ceremony. No athletes were present for the closing ceremony.
Athletics
Maldives received universality slots from the International Association of Athletics Federations to send two athletes in athletics, one male and one female, to the Olympics. In March 2021, the Athletics Association of the Maldives shortlisted six Maldivian sprinters, three males and three females to participate in the games. The athletes included Hassan Saaid, Ahmed Najdan Abdulla, Ibadulla Adam, Aishath Himna Hassan, Aishath Shabaa Saleem and Mariyam Ru'ya Ali. After time trials held in June 2021, Saaid was chosen as the athlete that would represent the Maldives at the Olympics. The Games were Saaid's second time in the Olympics because of their participation in the 2016 Rio Olympics. Saaid finished fourth in the preliminary round with a time of 10.70 seconds, attaining a season best but failing to qualify for round 1.
Track & road events
Badminton
For the first time since London 2012, the Maldives entered a badminton player into the Olympic tournament. Fathimath Nabaaha Abdul Razzaq accepted the invitation from the Tripartite Commission and the Badminton World Federation to compete in the women's singles. The Tripartite Commission is made in collaboration of the individual countries' committees, the International Olympic Committee, as well as the Badminton World Federation.
Nabaaha is the first ever female badminton player to represent the Maldives at the Olympic Games. They participated in the women's singles event. Nabaaha was seeded in group G together with They Bingjiao of China and Sorayya Aghaei of Iran. Nabaaha lost both their sets against They Bingjiao on 25 July, the first 21–6 and the second 21–3. The following day, Nabaaha also lost both sets against Sorayya Aghaei. The first was 21–14 and the second 21–7. They finished in the bottom of their group, and was eliminated from the tournament. They Bingjiao went on to beat Sorayya Aghaei in two sets on 28 July, qualifying them for the next round, the first 21–11 and the second 21–3.
Swimming
Maldives received a universality invitation from FINA to send two top-ranked swimmers (one per gender) in their respective individual events to the Olympics, based on the FINA Points System of June 28, 2021.In May 2021, it was announced that swimmers Ali Im'aan and Aishath Sausan would represent Maldives at the Olympic Games. However in July, it was announced that both athletes were replaced by Mubal Azzam Ibrahim and Aishath Sajina after FINA brought changes to the qualification standards for countries that did not qualify for the Olympics. Mubal qualified for the universality slot from FINA as their best time of 58.24 seconds was not within the Olympic Selection Time (OST) of 50.03 seconds. Mubal was drawn in first heat of the men's 100 m freestyle which was held on 27 July, finishing sixth just ahead of Edgar Iro from the Solomon Islands with a time of 58.37 seconds. They finished 69th of all swimmers who competed, and did not advance to the later stages of the 100 m freestyle.
Aishath Sajina made their Olympic debut at the 2020 Olympics in the women's 100 m breaststroke. Like Mubal, Sajina qualified after receiving a universality place from FINA, their personal best time of 3 minute, 4.53 seconds was outside the "A" and "B" qualification standard. Sajina took part in heat one of the women's 100 m breaststroke, which was held on 25 July, finishing last out of six swimmers that started, with a time of 1 minute, 33.59 seconds. They finished last out of 43 swimmers who competed, and did not advance to the later stages of the women's 100 m freestyle.
Notes
References
Nations at the 2020 Summer Olympics
2020
Livewire is an audio-over-IP system created by Axia Audio, a division of The Telos Alliance. Its primary purpose is routing and distributing broadcast-quality audio in radio stations.
The original Livewire standard was introduced in 2003 and has since been superseded by a second version, Livewire+. Livewire+ includes compatibility with the AES67 and Ravenna standards to allow interoperability with equipment from other manufacturers. Designed as a superset of Livewire functionality utilizing common protocols and formats, Livewire+ is available as an open standard through Axia's Livewire+ Partner Program.
Livewire+ provides flexible routing and transport of audio streams using multicast networking, with the ability to connect any input to any output (known as "anywhere-to-anywhere routing"). Distribution utilises standard IP and Ethernet over twisted pair cabling.
Protocol
The following table lists ports and protocols used in Livewire systems.
References
Audio engineering
Audio network protocols
William Oscar Jenkins (1878–1963) was an American business person who made great wealth in Mexico. They were born May 18, 1878 in Shelbyville, Tennessee. They were originally a mechanic who moved to Mexico. They served during the Mexican Revolution as a minor consular official at Puebla, Mexico. While serving as consul, they were kidnapped by revolutionary forces and held for ransom. Once released they were arrested for allegedly arranging the kidnapping, but they were never convicted of such actions. They were active by turns in hosiery, sugar, theaters and banking.
See also
William O. Jenkins House
References
Sources
Time Magazine: Meet Mr. Jenkins (subscription required)
Account of siege of Puebla by William O. Jenkins
The Mexico Reader: History, Culture, Politics. Edited by Gilbert M. Joseph and Timothy J. Henderson
1878 births
1963 deaths
American emigrants to Mexico
Mexican businesspeople
People from Shelbyville, Tennessee
Sherman Circle is an urban park and traffic circle in the Northwest Washington, D.C. neighborhood of Petworth at the intersection of Illinois Avenue, Kansas Avenue, 7th Street, and Crittenden Street NW. The circle is named in honor of Civil War general William Tecumseh Sherman. Administered by the National Park Service's Rock Creek Park unit, Sherman Circle (U.S. Reservation 369) together with four surrounding triangular parks (U.S. Reservations 436, 438, 447, and 448) covers and is considered by the National Park Service a "cultural landscape."
What became Sherman Circle and the four surrounding reservations were first documented in 1889 as part of the original plat of Petworth. It was not until 1923 that the five reservations were created. The design by landscape architect Irving W. Payne called for the installation of concrete walkways, and the planting of trees, shrubs, grass, and perennials to reinforce the individual sites' interconnectedness and their connections to the neighborhood. In April 1926, the Office of the Public Buildings and Public Parks graded and seeded the circle, which was also being considered as a possible location to relocate the Bartholdi Fountain. Sidewalks were added in 1929.
In 1931, there was some discussion in the local press of moving the General William Tecumseh Sherman Monument from President's Park to Sherman Circle to allow for the widening of E Street NW, but no action to move the monument was ever taken.
During the planning of the Washington Metro in the late 1960s, Sherman Circle was briefly considered as a location for a Petworth stop on a line that would have been routed from Columbia Heights under Kansas Avenue NW en route to Fort Totten.
In 2012, 21 pedestrian lamps were added to the circle.
See also
List of circles in Washington, D.C.
References
Squares, plazas, and circles in Washington, D.C.
Streets in Washington, D.C.
Circle
Petworth (Washington, D.C.)
Hasanabad-e Belher (, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e Belher) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 751, in 209 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Lintzoain is a town located in Erroibar valley, in province and chartered community of Navarre, northern Spain.
The Way of St. James passes through it after Bizkarreta-Gerendiain and before Zubiri, in the neighbouring Esteribar valley.
References
Towns in Spain
Robert Elphinstone Park (b Leytonstone 21 June 1885 – d Winnipeg 21 May 1971) was Archdeacon of Winnipeg from 1949 until 1958.
Parker was born in Lakefield, Quebec, educated at St. John's College, Manitoba and ordained in 1911. After curacies at Miniota and Elkhorn they held incumbencies in Winnipeg, Byng Inlet and Elmwood.
References
University of Manitoba alumni
Archdeacons of Winnipeg
1885 births
1971 deaths
People from Leytonstone
Canadian Anglican priests
The Mayor of Luxembourg City is the mayor of Luxembourg's capital and largest city, Luxembourg City. The officeholder, like other mayors in Luxembourg, is appointed by the Grand Duke amongst council members. Due to the city's importance within the country (being home to almost one in six Luxembourgers), the position as Mayor of Luxembourg City is one of the highest and most prestigious positions in Luxembourgian government and politics.
List of mayors of Luxembourg City
See also
Luxembourg communal council
Timeline of Luxembourg City
Footnotes
References
List of mayors since 1800. Luxembourg City official website. Retrieved on 2006-07-14.
Luxembourg City
History of Luxembourg City
Arkowyen or Arkovin or Arkevin or Arkavin () may refer to:
Arkowyen, Markazi
Arkavin, West Azerbaijan
Arkowyen, Zanjan
The Arslan Tash amulets are talismans found at Arslan Tash (, literally "Lion Stone") in northwest Syria, the site of ancient Hadatu. They are to be distinguished from larger finds such as the Arslan Tash reliefs. The inscriptions on the tablets are known as KAI 27.
Discovery
In 1933, Robert du Mesnil du Buisson purchased from a peasant two inscribed limestone plaques "Arslan Tash 1" ("AT1") and the smaller "Arslan Tash 2" ("AT2") which are now in the Museum of Aleppo. Their drawings and photographs of AT1 were published in 1939. Count du Mesnil du Buisson made gypsum casts of the tablets, though these are now lost.
Description
Since the small rectangular plaque had a hole in one end it was identified as an amulet. On the obverse is a lamassu (a winged lion with a human head, a talismanic figure) standing over a she-wolf with a scorpion's tail (a demonic figure) devouring a male or female figure. On the reverse is a marching god with late-Assyrian headgear carrying an axe instead of the expected lightning bolt.
The limestone plaque "AT1" includes incantations meant to deter demons from entering the household, and the appeals to such deities as Assur, Baal, Horon, and to Heaven and Earth.
Nevertheless, rather than 'Assur', some scholars interpret the inscription as referring to the female deity Asherah.
"Although other scholars like T. Caster (1942) proposed reading the first god-name as Asur rather than Asherah, Cross and Saley (1970:46) support the "Asherah" reading..."
Mesnil du Buisson and Caquot published AT2 in 1971. It shows a male demon, "m-z-h". It measures 53 by 33 mm. and contains short inscriptions on both sides that are written in the same language and script as the first amulet.
Translations
Working from du Mesnil du Buisson's photographs, and in some cases casts, the text on the plaque "AT1" was translated from the Phoenician by Dupont-Sommer (1939), Albright (1939), Gaster (1942) (1947) Torczyner (1947) Cross and Saley (1970) Texidor (1971) Caquot (1973), and Röllig (1974). Albright introduced some readings which have now been shown to be incorrect; modern scholarship now follows Caquot.
The text includes a broken word lly- which with the addition of -t could possibly be analogous to the Hebrew Lilith, or ll wyn "night and day".
Authenticity
The authenticity of the amulets AT1 and AT2 has been questioned, particularly by J. Teixidor and P. Amiet (1983), who examined the originals in the National Museum of Aleppo. However Jacobus van Dijk (1992) defends the tablets as genuine. Dennis Pardee (1998) leaves the matter open to question.
Most scholars accept the authenticity of Arslan Tash amulet AT1 at this time.
See also
Canaanite and Aramaic inscriptions
References
Literature
Willett, E.A.R. 1999. Women and household shrines in ancient Israel. PhD dissertation, University of Arizona.
Brown, W. (2019, February 26). Arslan Tash Amulet. World History Encyclopedia. Retrieved from https://www.worldhistory.org/Arslan_Tash_Amulet
1933 archaeological discoveries
Archaeology of the Near East
Archaeological discoveries in Syria
Syrian art
Talismans
Lilith
Forgery controversies
KAI inscriptions
Asherah
Baal
KLAY (1180 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk/sports information format. Located in Lakewood, Washington, United States, the station serves the Tacoma area. The station is owned by Sacred Heart Radio. The station features news, talk, weather, traffic, and sports reporting. KLAY has been on the air for about 53 years. Broadcasting coverage is roughly from Downtown Seattle south through the state capital of Olympia.
History
The station went on the air as KFHA at 1480 AM and changed its call sign to KOOD in 1966, and then to KQLA in 1978, and finally to KLAY in April 1980. On May 1, 1990, the station changed its call sign to KDFL, and on June 28, 1991 to the current KLAY.
References
External links
LAY
News and talk radio stations in the United States
Lakewood, Washington
Panaspis massaiensis, also known as the Maasai snake-eyed skink, is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. It is found in Kenya and Tanzania. Until its revalidation in 2019, it was considered of synonym of Panaspis wahlbergi.
Panaspis massaiensis is a small skink measuring on average in snout–vent length. It inhabits moist savanna in lowland and highland areas, from sea level to above sea level.
References
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Kenya
Reptiles of Tanzania
Reptiles described in 1924
Taxa named by Fernand Angel
Ypsolopha dentiferella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae first described by Lord Walsingham in 1881. It is found throughout North America. In Canada, it occurs in most provinces, being most frequently collected in British Columbia and Alberta. It has been found in a wide variety of habitats, including mixed wood forests, semi-arid scrubland, prairies and badlands.
The wingspan is about 20 mm. Adults are on wing from June to September.
The larvae have been reared on Pinus banksiana.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Vanitha Mathil ("Women's Wall") was a human chain formed on 1 January 2019 across the Indian state of Kerala to uphold gender equality and protest against gender discrimination. The wall was formed solely by women and extended for a distance of around from Kasargod to Thiruvananthapuram. Around three to five million women participated in the event.
Background
In Kerala, the Hindu temple at Sabarimala traditionally barred women between the ages of 10 and 50 from entering to worship Ayyappa. Some people claimed women were barred because menstruation is impure, but devotees claimed they are not allowed because of the celibate nature of the deity. In September 2018, the Supreme Court of India, in a historic verdict, allowed women of all ages to enter the temple, stating that any discrimination based on biological differences is clearly unconstitutional. The ruling coalition of the state Left Democratic Front welcomed the judgment, while opposition parties like the Bharatiya Janata Party and the Indian National Congress launched protests opposing the verdict. Many Hindu groups protested against the judgment and the state government's decision to implement it.
Wall
On 15 December 2018, Kerala's Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan announced after meeting with 176 social and political organisations that the women's wall would be held on New Year's Day to protect the renaissance values of the state. A theme song for the event by Prabha Varma was released.
On 1 January 2019 at 4:00 pm, the wall was formed by around three to five million women along the national highways of the state of Kerala for around . The wall began in the northern end of the state by Kerala's Minister of Health and Social Justice K. K. Shailaja in Kasargod, and ended in Thiruvananthapuram in the south with Brinda Karat, leader of the Communist Party of India. Activists of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the Bharatiya Janata Party reportedly tried to attack the wall in Kasargod.
On the same day, in support of the event in Kerala, women's walls were organised in solidarity with Vanitha Mathil in other Indian cities, including New Delhi, Mumbai, and Chennai.
The women's wall in Kerala became the world's fourth largest human chain ever made, and the largest formed solely by women.
References
2019 in India
2019 in women's history
2019 protests
History of Kerala (1947–present)
History of women's rights
January 2019 events in India
Protests in India
Women's marches
Women's rights in India
Human chains (politics)
Neoxolmis is a genus of South American birds in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae.
Taxonomy
The genus Neoxolmis was introduced in 1927 by the Austrian ornithologist Carl Eduard Hellmayr with the chocolate-vented tyrant as the type species. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek neos meaning "new" with the genus Xolmis that was introduced by Friedrich Boie in 1826.
This genus formerly contained only the chocolate-vented tyrant. Following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study in 2020, three species were moved from the genus Xolmis to Neoxolmis.
The genus contains four species:
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Yathin Reddy (born 26 November 1993) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Hyderabad. They made their List A debut on 13 December 2015 in the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Hyderabad cricketers
Cricketers from Hyderabad, India
Karl Christer Fursth (born 6 July 1970) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a left midfielder.
They represented Örebro SK, Helsingborgs IF, 1. FC Köln, and Hammarby IF during a career that spanned between 1988 and 2003. A full international between 1992 and 1995, they won four caps for the Sweden national team. They also represented the Sweden Olympic team at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Honours
Hammarby IF
Allsvenskan: 2001
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Örebro
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
Sweden international footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Olympic footballers of Sweden
Footballers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Allsvenskan players
Bundesliga players
1. FC Köln players
Helsingborgs IF players
Örebro SK players
Hammarby Fotboll players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Ghost Squad and Ghost Squad: Evolution are light gun rail shooter arcade games developed and published by Sega. A home version of the original Ghost Squad was developed for Nintendo's Wii game console. A sequel, Operation GHOST, was released in arcades in 2012.
Ghost Squad (Arcade)
Sega released Ghost Squad for the arcade in 2004. Ghost Squad features a simulated IR light gun shaped similarly to the standard-issue weapon the game's protagonists use. This light gun is intended to function realistically: it features a working fire selector switch, a stock, force-feedback recoil, and iron sights. To ensure that the light gun fires accurately, a 20-second "calibration" mode is provided in which the game adjusts for any jostling or damage to the rifle's light-emitting components.
Ghost Squad features different weapons, each with its firing and reload properties (i.e. long shot splash, long reload time) which affect its difficulty of use. Ghost Squad features three semi non-linear levels with adjustable difficulty and branching choices, ranging from the jungle, a government-restricted villa, and inside an Air Force One flight. There are many sub-activities in the game, such as defusing bombs and throwing grenades to disable armor, which are accomplished via the secondary "Action" trigger on the gun's foregrip.
Arcade version data features
The arcade version of Ghost Squad uses "IC Cards" to save the player's customized character data, score, and provide the player with experience points, new outfits, new weapons, and increased rank. The card is available for players to purchase at some arcades. The card allows the player a maximum of 100 games and sixteen levels of difficulty. After 100 games the card must be recharged by purchasing a new card. The game also utilizes an internet ranking system, that is accessed when using a password provided by the game.
Most Ghost Squad cabinets in the United States do not have card slots. However, players have immediate access to four costumes, four guns, and the first four mission levels.
Ghost Squad: Evolution (arcade)
Ghost Squad Evolution is the arcade follow-up to the original Ghost Squad. It was developed and published by Sega and released in 2007.
In Ghost Squad: Evolution the player is a member of Alpha Unit, or members of the “Ghost Squad”, an unofficial unit of the anti-terrorist group, Multi-Operation-Program (M.O.P.). Non-playable characters include fellow M.O.P. members consisting of the Commander, who provides radio backup and pertinent advice to the player, along with the Bravo and Charlie Units who assist the player in suppressing the terrorist threat.
The rifle can be set from single shot, to 3 bursts shot to automatic fire as well as special effects to suit the situation such as Night Vision, Flashlight for the mounted gun, and Scope for the sniper rifle. The gun also features an action button which is used to pull off special moves like hand-to-hand combat, as well as recoil effects on every shot fired.
Each mission contains multiple routes for the player to choose. Special events occur throughout the game depending on the route chosen, such as securing hostages, bomb removal, or providing friendly cover fire. The game is broken into 3 missions with 16 total difficulty levels. All 16 can be selected from the beginning. There are 14 costumes
available for character customization, however, the costumes have no effect on gameplay. There are 25 different weapons.
Ghost Squad (Wii)
Sega published the Polygon Magic developed Wii port of Ghost Squad in Japan on October 25, 2007, and in the U.S. on November 20, 2007. It uses the Wii Zapper as a multi-purpose tool to allow players easy control of targeting enemies, defusing bombs, and detaining hostages.
Ghost Squad takes advantage of the Wii Remote's pointer functionality, the nunchuk, and the Wii Zapper giving players controller flexibility. In addition, the game features a pointer calibration mode, enabling players to use line-of-sight aiming and fire precisely where the Wii Remote is pointed. The player has the option to turn off the on-screen pointer for more points.
Exclusive to the Wii conversion of the game are four-player support, and an online high score leaderboard via the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Reception
Ghost Squad for the Wii received a metascore of 69 on Metacritic. IGN gave it a 7.5, remarking that "most of what made Ghost Squad fun in the arcades is still retained though, as there's a huge emphasis on weapon management and mid-level missions".
See also
The House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return
References
External links
2007 video games
Arcade video games
Light gun games
Polygon Magic games
Rail shooters
Sega-AM2 games
Sega arcade games
Video games about terrorism
Wii Zapper games
Wii Wi-Fi games
Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection games
Wii games
Video games developed in Japan
Multiplayer and single-player video games
An active surface is a surface of a radio telescope that is under active computer control of its shape.
Large (more than 10 m in diameter or length) radio telescopes always bend during operation, due to their enormous weight and the fact that even the strongest materials are not perfectly stiff. This bending, in the range of a few millimetres, does not affect low frequency operation much, but dramatically reduces the efficiency of the telescope at higher frequencies where the wavelengths are comparable to the distortion. Typically, the efficiency of a telescope drops appreciably when the deviation from the desired shape is more than 1/10 of the considered wavelength. An active surface uses numerous small actuators to move the surface panels with respect to the underlying frame, and thus maintain the correct shape.
An active surface can try to compensate for many different types of errors. The first is gravity—this is simplest since previous measurements, or even a mathematical model, can be used to predict (and correct) any bending. More difficult is correction for wind and thermal errors, since these require measuring and correcting in real time.
Some examples of active surfaces are:
Green Bank Telescope
Large Millimeter Telescope
Sardinia Radio Telescope
Noto Radio Observatory
The Chinese Five a hundred meter Aperture Spherical Telescopes uses a uniquely ambitious form of active surface, not only correcting errors, but applying deflections of up to in order to aim and focus the telescope.
References
. Discusses many practical details of an active surface.
Radio astronomy
Astronomical imaging
Astronomical instruments
Three star or three stars is a grading received in a star classification scheme.
Three star or three stars may also refer to:
Three Stars (Chinese constellation), a group of seven stars
Three stars (ice hockey), triple equivalent of "man of the match" in other sports
Three Stars (militant group), a former Tamil militant group in Sri Lanka
Three Star Club, a Nepalese association football club
Three-Star Gods, Chinese gods of happiness, rank and longevity
Three-star petrol, a class of Leaded petrol formerly sold in the UK
Three-star rank, a senior military rank
Dinkus (* * *), three asterisks arranged horizontally usually indicate an omission or subsection
Asterism (typography) (⁂), three asterisks (stars) in a triangle, uncommonly used to indicate a subsection
Flag of the Republic of the Rio Grande, nicknamed the Three Star Flag
Georgia's Own Credit Union 3 Stars of the Year Award, ice hockey award
Order of the Three Stars, Latvian decoration for merit in service
Samsung, which means "Three stars" in Korean
The three-star rating system, used within certain video games
In music
"Three Stars" (song), a 1959 song written by Tommy Dee
"Theme from Dr. Kildare (Three Stars Will Shine Tonight)", a TV show theme and 1962 single
See also
Tristar (disambiguation)
*** (disambiguation), three asterisks
Thermasporomyces composti is a Gram-positive and thermophilic bacterium from the genus Thermasporomyces which has been isolated from compost on Japan.
References
External links
Type strain of Thermasporomyces composti at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Propionibacteriales
Bacteria described in 2011
Thermophiles
Steve Penn (born November 19, 1968) is an American handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Hendersonville, North Carolina
José Tohá González (February 6, 1927 – March 15, 1974) was a Chilean journalist, lawyer, and politician of the Socialist Party (PS).
Biography
Tohá was born in Chillán, the son of Spanish immigrant José Tohá Soldavilla and of Brunilda González Monteagudo. After completing their secondary studies in their natal city, they studied law at the Universidad de Chile. While there, they were president of the University of Chile Student Federation (FECh) between 1950–1951. In 1958, they joined the staff of the newspaper Última Hora, and in 1960 they became its editor and majority owner, a position they held until 1970.
In 1942, while still a high school student, Tohá joined the Socialist Party of Chile (PS). They rose to member of its Central Committee, and worked in all four of Salvador Allende's presidential campaigns in 1952, 1958, 1964 and 1970. As the first democratically elected socialist president, President Salvador Allende named Tohá their first Minister of the Interior and vice president, a position they held until they were accused by Congress of tolerating the creation of left-wing paramilitary organizations. Allende responded by naming them Minister of Defense, a deliberate challenge to their right-wing detractors. As such, Tohá had to deal with the Tanquetazo putsch, the first attempt at a military-led coup d'état, on 29 June 1973.
During the coup d'état of September 11, 1973, Tohá was seized and arrested at La Moneda, where they had gone to support the defense of the democratic administration. They were held in different concentration camps suffering severe torture. After first being held at the Bernardo O'Higgins Military Academy, they were later sent for eight months to a concentration camp in Dawson Island. From there, they were transferred to the basement of the Air Force War Academy.
On 1 February 1974, Tohá was moved to room 303 at the Military Hospital in Santiago in a precarious state of health, suffering from acute attack of gastric ulcers. They recovered slightly and was able to share a few minutes with their wife and children on their 47th birthday on February 6. Despite their poor health, the military officers continued harassing them with endless torture and interrogation sessions. Their physical state deteriorated, their weight dropped precipitously and they lost their eyesight. They could no longer walk nor take care of himself. The further interrogations in the Air Force's War Academy only worsened their condition.
On March 15, at 12.55, they were found hanged inside the closet of their hospital room. The official explanation was that they had committed suicide "in the grip of a very strong nervous depression, with psycho-somatic effects". The family has never accepted that version, and claimed they were murdered. On 15 November 2010, 36 years after their death, the Court of Appeals of Santiago ordered an exhumation of Tohá's remains. A forensic study concluded that they did not commit suicide, but rather died as a result of "asphyxia due to manual strangulation of a homicidal nature". On 4 December 2015, Ramón Cáceres Jorquera and Sergio Contreras Mejías, two retired colonels of the Chilean Air Force, were found responsible for the torture of Tohá and sentenced to three years in prison.
After their death, their wife and children lived in exile in Mexico City for several years. Their family returned to Chile in the early 80's, where their wife worked in the resistance to the Augusto Pinochet's military dictatorship.
Personal life
Tohá married Raquel Victoria Morales Etchevers (also known as Moy de Tohá) in 1963. After democracy was regained in 1990, Etchevers served as Cultural Attaché in Mexico and as an Ambassador to Honduras and El Salvador. Together, they had two children: their daughter, Carolina Tohá, is the current Minister of the Interior and Public Security of Chile since 6 September 2022; they were previously mayor of Santiago in 2012–2016. Their son, José Tohá, obtained undergraduate and graduate degrees in architecture in the United States, where they founded an architecture office in Washington, D.C..
Additional information
External links and references
Biographical sketch
Memorial to José Tohá with information on their prison time.
La Nacion newspaper Information on the judicial investigation about their death
Alternative version of their death
Citations
1927 births
1974 deaths
People from Chillán
Chilean people of Spanish descent
Presidents of the University of Chile Student Federation
Socialist Party of Chile politicians
Chilean lawyers
Chilean journalists
Chilean socialists
Presidency of Salvador Allende
Chilean Ministers of the Interior
Chilean Ministers of Defense
Chilean torture victims
Chilean people who died in prison custody
Prisoners who died in Chilean detention
Assassinated Chilean politicians
In computer science, an optimal binary search tree (Optimal BST), sometimes called a weight-balanced binary tree, is a binary search tree which provides the smallest possible search time (or expected search time) for a given sequence of accesses (or access probabilities). Optimal BSTs are generally divided into two types: static and dynamic.
In the static optimality problem, the tree cannot be modified after it has been constructed. In this case, there exists some particular layout of the nodes of the tree which provides the smallest expected search time for the given access probabilities. Various algorithms exist to construct or approximate the statically optimal tree given the information on the access probabilities of the elements.
In the dynamic optimality problem, the tree can be modified at any time, typically by permitting tree rotations. The tree is considered to have a cursor starting at the root which it can move or used to perform modifications. In this case, there exists some minimal-cost sequence of these operations which causes the cursor to visit every node in the target access sequence in order. The splay tree is conjectured to have a constant competitive ratio compared to the dynamically optimal tree in all cases, though this has not yet been proven.
Static optimality
Definition
In the static optimality problem as defined by Knuth, we are given a set of ordered elements and a set of probabilities. We will denote the elements through and the probabilities through and through . is the probability of a search being done for element (or successful search). For , is the probability of a search being done for an element between and (or unsuccessful search), is the probability of a search being done for an element strictly less than , and is the probability of a search being done for an element strictly greater than . These probabilities cover all possible searches, and therefore add up to one.
The static optimality problem is the optimization problem of finding the binary search tree that minimizes the expected search time, given the probabilities. As the number of possible trees on a set of elements is , which is exponential in , brute-force search is not usually a feasible solution.
Knuth's dynamic programming algorithm
In 1971, Knuth published a relatively straightforward dynamic programming algorithm capable of constructing the statically optimal tree in only O(n2) time. In this work, Knuth extended and improved the dynamic programming algorithm by Edgar Gilbert and Edward F. Moore introduced in 1958. Gilbert's and Moore's algorithm required time and space and was designed for a particular case of optimal binary search trees construction (known as optimal alphabetic tree problem) that considers only the probability of unsuccessful searches, that is, . Knuth's work relied upon the following insight: the static optimality problem exhibits optimal substructure; that is, if a certain tree is statically optimal for a given probability distribution, then its left and right subtrees must also be statically optimal for their appropriate subsets of the distribution (known as monotonicity property of the roots).
To see this, consider what Knuth calls the "weighted path length" of a tree. The weighted path length of a tree of n elements is the sum of the lengths of all possible search paths, weighted by their respective probabilities. The tree with the minimal weighted path length is, by definition, statically optimal.
But weighted path lengths have an interesting property. Let E be the weighted path length of a binary tree, be the weighted path length of its left subtree, and be the weighted path length of its right subtree. Also let W be the sum of all the probabilities in the tree. Observe that when either subtree is attached to the root, the depth of each of its elements (and thus each of its search paths) is increased by one. Also observe that the root itself has a depth of one. This means that the difference in weighted path length between a tree and its two subtrees is exactly the sum of every single probability in the tree, leading to the following recurrence:
This recurrence leads to a natural dynamic programming solution. Let be the weighted path length of the statically optimal search tree for all values between and , let be the total weight of that tree, and let be the index of its root. The algorithm can be built using the following formulas:
The naive implementation of this algorithm actually takes O(n3) time, but Knuth's paper includes some additional observations which can be used to produce a modified algorithm taking only O(n2) time.
In addition to its dynamic programming algorithm, Knuth proposed two heuristics (or rules) to produce nearly (approximation of) optimal binary search trees. Studying nearly optimal binary search trees was necessary since Knuth's algorithm time and space complexity can be prohibitive when is substantially large.
Knuth's rules can be seen as the following:
Rule I (Root-max): Place the most frequently occurring name at the root of the tree, then proceed similarly on the subtrees.
Rule II (Bisection): Choose the root so as to equalize the total weight of the left and right subtree as much as possible, then proceed similarly on the subtrees.
Knuth's heuristics implements nearly optimal binary search trees in time and space. The analysis on how far from the optimum Knuth's heuristics can be been further proposed by Kurt Mehlhorn.
Mehlhorn's approximation algorithm
While the O(n2) time taken by Knuth's algorithm is substantially better than the exponential time required for a brute-force search, it is still too slow to be practical when the number of elements in the tree is very large.
In 1975, Kurt Mehlhorn published a paper proving important properties regarding Knuth's rules. Mehlhorn's major results state that only one of Knuth's heuristics (Rule II) always produces nearly optimal binary search trees. On the other hand, the root-max rule could often lead to very "bad" search trees based on the following simple argument.
Let
and
Considering the weighted path length of the tree constructed based on the previous definition, we have the following:
Thus, the resulting tree by the root-max rule will be a tree that grows only on the right side (except for the deepest level of the tree), and the left side will always have terminal nodes. This tree has a path length bounded by and, when compared with a balanced search tree (with path bounded by ), will perform substantially worse for the same frequency distribution.
In addition, Mehlhorn improved Knuth's work and introduced a much simpler algorithm that uses Rule II and closely approximates the performance of the statically optimal tree in only time. The algorithm follows the same idea of the bisection rule by choosing the tree's root to balance the total weight (by probability) of the left and right subtrees most closely. And the strategy is then applied recursively on each subtree.
That this strategy produces a good approximation can be seen intuitively by noting that the weights of the subtrees along any path form something very close to a geometrically decreasing sequence. In fact, this strategy generates a tree whose weighted path length is at most
where H is the entropy of the probability distribution. Since no optimal binary search tree can ever do better than a weighted path length of
this approximation is very close.
Hu–Tucker and Garsia–Wachs algorithms
In the special case that all of the values are zero, the optimal tree can be found in time . This was first proved by T. C. Hu and Alan Tucker in a paper that they published in 1971. A later simplification by Garsia and Wachs, the Garsia–Wachs algorithm, performs the same comparisons in the same order. The algorithm works by using a greedy algorithm to build a tree that has the optimal height for each leaf, but is out of order, and then constructing another binary search tree with the same heights.
Dynamic optimality
Definition
There are several different definitions of dynamic optimality, all of which are effectively equivalent to within a constant factor in terms of running-time. The problem was first introduced implicitly by Sleator and Tarjan in their paper on splay trees, but Demaine et al. give a very good formal statement of it.
In the dynamic optimality problem, we are given a sequence of accesses x1, ..., xm on the keys 1, ..., n. For each access, we are given a pointer to the root of our BST and may use the pointer to perform any of the following operations:
Move the pointer to the left child of the current node.
Move the pointer to the right child of the current node.
Move the pointer to the parent of the current node.
Perform a single rotation on the current node and its parent.
(It is the presence of the fourth operation, which rearranges the tree during the accesses, which makes this the dynamic optlmality problem.)
For each access, our BST algorithm may perform any sequence of the above operations as long as the pointer eventually ends up on the node containing the target value xi. The time it takes a given dynamic BST algorithm to perform a sequence of accesses is equivalent to the total number of such operations performed during that sequence. Given any sequence of accesses on any set of elements, there is some minimum total number of operations required to perform those accesses. We would like to come close to this minimum.
While it is impossible to implement this "God's algorithm" without foreknowledge of exactly what the access sequence will be, we can define OPT(X) as the number of operations it would perform for an access sequence X, and we can say that an algorithm is dynamically optimal if, for any X, it performs X in time O(OPT(X)) (that is, it has a constant competitive ratio).
There are several data structures conjectured to have this property, but none proven. It is an open problem whether there exists a dynamically optimal data structure in this model.
Splay trees
The splay tree is a form of binary search tree invented in 1985 by Daniel Sleator and Robert Tarjan on which the standard search tree operations run in amortized time. It is conjectured to be dynamically optimal in the required sense. That is, a splay tree is believed to perform any sufficiently long access sequence X in time O(OPT(X)).
Tango trees
The tango tree is a data structure proposed in 2004 by Erik Demaine and others which has been proven to perform any sufficiently-long access sequence X in time . While this is not dynamically optimal, the competitive ratio of is still very small for reasonable values of n.
Other results
In 2013, John Iacono published a paper which uses the geometry of binary search trees to provide an algorithm which is dynamically optimal if any binary search tree algorithm is dynamically optimal. Nodes are interpreted as points in two dimensions, and the optimal access sequence is the smallest arborally satisfied superset of those points. Unlike splay trees and tango trees, Iacono's data structure is not known to be implementable in constant time per access sequence step, so even if it is dynamically optimal, it could still be slower than other search tree data structures by a non-constant factor.
To interleave lower bound is an asymptotic lower bound on dynamic optimality.
See also
Trees
Splay tree
Tango tree
Geometry of binary search trees
Interleave lower bound
Notes
Binary trees
Search trees
A company code of conduct is a document written up voluntarily by a company in which it sets out a set of principles that it commits itself to follow, or requires its employees to follow. In some cases, codes of conduct reach suppliers, subcontractors, and third parties. It is a type of code of conduct.
Contents
The content of a company code of conduct varies and depends in a measure of the company's culture and on the country in which they reside. In general terms, it can be said that the codes of conduct are related to anti-corruption issues, labor law, environmental and basic legal issues, such as the rejection of slavery, child labor, compliance with the environmental standards of each country, and in general respect for national laws.
Cases
Nike
Nike's company code of conduct is one of the best known. In the early 1990s, Nike was reported by the press in the United States for using contractors in Southeast Asia who employed slave labor and child labor. This complaint damaged Nike's image and was reflected in a significant drop in sales. As part of a strategy to recover their image, Nike announced in 1992 a company code of conduct in which it stated its commitment to adjust the company's actions around the world to adhere to its rules, as well as to require all subcontractors to do the same. (Nike directly employs 22,000 employees and indirectly 450,000 workers through subcontractors around the world.) Shortly afterward, a series of criticisms was received from the unions about the content of its code of conduct, and so Nike created a new text which is the one that is currently presented.
Faithless servant
In Morgan Stanley v. Skowron, 989 F. Supp. 2d 356 (S.D.N.Y. 2013), applying New York's faithless servant doctrine, the court held that a hedge fund's employee engaging in insider trading in violation of their company's code of conduct, which also required them to report their misconduct, must repay their employer the full $31 million their employer paid them as compensation during their period of faithlessness.
Monitoring
One of the first issues that was raised by the company code of conduct was monitoring compliance. It has been considered that it is not reliable that the monitoring is conducted by the company itself. Some companies reach out to external companies to conduct monitoring. In other cases companies have accepted that certain NGOs proceed with monitoring, but unions have complained that this activity of NGOs has been used repeatedly as an alternative to trade union action and to replace the union in front of the workers.
Issues
Codes of conduct are related to corporate social responsibility. A couple of investigations have pointed out that codes of conduct carry the risk of displacing the importance of mandatory national and international standards.
The United Nations Research Institute for Social Development (UNRISD) estimated a few hundred existing company code of conduct. The UNCTAD estimated 65,000 parent companies which own about 850,000 subsidiary are foreigners in all countries around the world, and employ the majority of their workers through outsourcing.
Trade unions and some NGOs have criticized the unilateral nature of codes of conduct and have emphasized that they are often only aimed to improve the public image of businesses. The non-inclusion of suppliers, subcontractors and outsourced companies in codes of conduct has also been pointed out by trade unions and NGOs as a serious disadvantage, as it is precisely where the majority of workers work and where they produce the majority of violations. The legal validity of the same and the ways to enforce compliance is also being discussed.
See also
Banking Code
Global Compact
Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises of OECD
Don't be evil
References
External links
Codes of Business Conduct, OIE
For general information about the legal value of the codes of conduct, see the website developed by the University Project R & D SEJ 2006-07116, based in the Faculty of Law of the Complutense University of Madrid and financed by the Ministry Of Science and Innovation Spanish: Web Portal Codes of Conduct
Business
Labour law
Environmental law
Walter Myers may refer to:
Walter Dean Myers (1937–2014), African American author of young adult literature
Walter Kendall Myers (born 1937), spy for Cuba who worked for the United States State Department
Walter Myers (physician) (1872–1901), British physician, toxicologist and parasitologist
Walter Myers Jr. (1914–1967), Justice of the Indiana Supreme Court
The 2020 Kentucky Democratic presidential primary took place on Tuesday, June 23, 2020. The primary was originally planned to take place on Tuesday, May 19, 2020. However, on March 16, 2020, Governor Andy Beshear and Secretary of State Michael Adams announced that it would be postponed amid concerns about the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. The delay would have resulted in Kentucky losing half of its delegates, as the primary date is "past a June 9 deadline set by the Democratic National Committee", but there will be no penalty as the 2020 Democratic National Convention was delayed until August. The Kentucky primary is a closed primary, with the state awarding 60 delegates, of which 54 are pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the primary.
The Associated Press (AP) declared that Joe Biden won the Kentucky Democratic presidential primary.
Procedure
Kentucky held its primary on Tuesday, June 23, 2020. Before being postponed amid concerns regarding the 2020 coronavirus pandemic, Kentucky was one of two states voting on May 19, 2020 in the Democratic primaries, the other contest being the Oregon primary.
The polls were officially scheduled to be open from 6:00 a.m. until 6:00 p.m. local time. In the closed primary, candidates must meet a threshold of 15 percent at the congressional district or statewide level in order to be considered viable. The 54 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally on the basis of the results of the primary. Of the 54 pledged delegates, between 3 and 8 are allocated to each of the state's 6 congressional districts and another 6 are allocated to party leaders and elected officials (PLEO delegates), in addition to 10 at-large pledged delegates. These delegate totals do not account for pledged delegate bonuses or penalties from timing or clustering.
Polling places
Kentucky state elections officials cut the number of in-person polling places just under 3,700 to 170, including one each in Kentucky's two most populous counties, Jefferson and Fayette, the homes of Louisville and Lexington. These changes reflect a dramatic expansion of voting by mail and early voting, as well as a reduction of risks related to COVID-19. This led to accusations of voter suppression targeting especially African-Americans, mostly but not totally from Democrats.
Results
See also
2020 Kentucky Senate Democratic primary
References
External links
The Green Papers delegate allocation summary
Kentucky Democratic Party draft delegate selection plan
Kentucky Democratic
Democratic primary
2020
Kentucky Democratic primary, 2020
Ramón Lista (13 September 1856 – 23 November 1897) was an Argentinian soldier and explorer. They were the second governor of the Territorio Nacional de Santa Cruz, precursor of Santa Cruz Province, Argentina. They were in part responsible for the Selknam Genocide in Tierra del Fuego. Later they identified with the indigenous people of Patagonia, and went to live with them until they were recalled to Buenos Aires. Lista wrote a number of books on the people and places they had found.
Early years
Ramón Lista was born on 13 September 1856 in Buenos Aires. Their grandfather, also called Ramón Lista, was a Colonel of Infantry.
Ramón Lista studied at the Colegio Nacional in Buenos Aires. When only 15 years old they taught history and geography at the Colegio del Salvador.
They traveled in France and Germany in 1875–77.
They were interested in natural sciences, met the main scientific figures and was taught by the great scientist Hermann Burmeister (1807–92).
On their return from Europe at the age of 21 they were appointed a civilian explorer for the navy, with the rank of "superior officer".
Explorer
Patagonia 1877–84
The Scientific Society sponsored an expedition to Patagonia to explore the region between Punta Arenas and Santa Cruz.
In March 1878 Lista landed at Punta Arenas in the Strait of Magellan, where they made a careful examination of the mines. In mid-August they set off for the north, passed the Santa Cruz valley and explored the Chico River, the main object of the expedition. They traveled up the river to the foot of the Cordillera of the Andes, and claimed the land for Argentina. Returning east, on 6 November 1878 they met an encampment of friendly Tehuelche people in the Shehueu valley. They found that they were tall, as had been reported earlier, indolent and addicted to gambling, but kind and hospitable. They lived by hunting. Lista made a collection of words in their language.
Lista became a friend of Papón, a Tehuelche leader, and the friendship survived until Lista's death in 1897.
At one time they traveled to Buenos Aires together, where the only thing in which Papón showed interest were two elephants in the zoo. Lista took this apparent lack of curiosity in modern things as evidence of the inability of the "savage Tehualche" to change.
In 1879 Lista married Agustina Pastora Andrade (1858–91), a poet and the daughter of their friend the famous writer and poet Olegario Víctor Andrade (1839–1882).
That year they surveyed the coast between Carmen de Patagones and San Antonio.
A few years later they explored the area of Patagonia from Valcheta to Choele Choel and the Deseado River.
In 1884 they made a voyage on horseback that discovered the main rivers that flowed into the Atlantic Ocean.
Tierra del Fuego 1886–87
Lista was the first native-born Argentinian to explore the island of Tierra del Fuego.
In a report to President Miguel Juárez Celman in 1886 Lista expressed their disgust that the Onas (Selknam people) of Tierra del Fuego would not let them take "anthropometric measures" of their heads.
In 1887 they explored the east coast of the island from Cape San Sebastián to Bahía Thetis accompanied by a chaplain and 25 soldiers.
In the preface to their book Viaje al país de los Onas Lista takes responsibility for an encounter in which 26 Indians armed with bows and arrows were shot dead.
Some of the survivors were taken prisoner, and they sent some of the women to Río Gallegos, Santa Cruz.
They said of the island, "It is inhabited by cannibal tribes that are ethnographically placed as the lowest of human beings.
Santa Cruz 1887–92
Lista succeeded Carlos María Moyano as governor of Santa Cruz from 1887 to 1892.
In 1890 they navigated up the Santa Cruz River in a steam boat to Argentino Lake.
At this time Ramón Lista's wife and two young daughters lived at their home in Temperley, Buenos Aires while Lista alternated between their governor's house in Río Gallegos and their Tehuelche common-law wife Koila in an encampment at Paso del Roble, forty leagues away. Koila gave them a daughter, Ramona Cecilia Lista.
In 1890 their legal wife, Agustina Pastora Andrade, learned of their husband's parallel family in Patagonia.
Heartbroken, they locked themselves in the house for months on end, before leaving their two daughters in the care of their mother and committing suicide with a revolver on 10 February 1891.
By late 1891 Ramón Lista had identified themselves with the Indians, and was staying on the Indian side of the border. News of what was happening reached Buenos Aires and caused a minor scandal. President Carlos Pellegrini arranged for Juan Víctor Paris, an old friend of Lista from their 1887 expedition in Patagonia, to find Lista, who returned to the capital by steamer from Punta Arenas and resigned their post. It was all handled very discreetly. Lista was replaced as governor by Edelmiro Mayer.
Later years 1892–97
After returning to Buenos Aires Lista founded the Argentine Geographical Society, which published a magazine on geography and other sciences.
Lista continued exploration of Patagonia to the Strait of Magellan, the Gran Chaco and the mission territories in preparation for them to be incorporated in Argentina.
They wrote on archaeology, anthropology, ethnography, botany and zoology, as well as writing popular accounts of their travels.
Lista wrote a book about the Tehuelches, The Tehuelches, a disappearing race, published in 1894. They wrote that they seemed to be under a divine curse.
They are the original owners of the land they inhabit, and now do not have even a plot of ground. They were born free and are now slaves.
They die of tuberculosis, and face death as calmly as a Roman gladiator.
Ramón Lista was killed on 23 November 1897 for an unknown reason at Miraflores, Orán, Salta during an exploration of the Pilcomayo River.
Their remains were taken back to Buenos Aires for burial in La Recoleta Cemetery in the Andrade family vault.
Selected works
Lista wrote 41 books and papers.
They include:
References
Further reading
1856 births
1897 deaths
Argentine explorers
Argentine Navy officers
Governors of the Federal Territory of Santa Cruz
Ecseg is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
The Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal (, FMintBM) is a Swedish reward medal instituted by the Swedish Armed Forces in 1991. The medal regulations have been revised twice, in 1994 and 2012. The medal is awarded after at least 30 days of international service.
Name
Name of the award: Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser, abbreviated FMintBM). In the event when the medal is provided with award devices in the form of a medal clasp then it is termed Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal with clasp (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser med spänne, abbreviated FMintBMmspä). In the event when the medal is provided with award devices in the form of a medal clasp and a laurel wreath in silver then it is termed Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal with clasp and wreath (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser med spänne och krans, abbreviated FMintBMmspäomkr) or the Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal with medal clasp and laurel wreath (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser med bandspänne och lagerkrans, abbreviated FMintBMmbspokrans).
Basics
In this case, international service means an established task decided by the Swedish Riksdag or Swedish Government for the Swedish Armed Forces to conduct, a peace enforcement and/or peacekeeping military operation to other countries. Examples of such a task is missions with military units and observer missions. Exercises, readiness, service in an international staff and basing (equivalent) does not count as an international service, but is considered as a foreign official journey. The medal should not be used as an award in the event that Sweden is at war.
Appearance and cost
The medal is formed of oxidized bronze and is of the 8th size (31 mm diameter). The obverse shows the heraldic arms of the Swedish Armed Forces and around the outer edge the words FÖR INTERNATIONELLA INSATSER ("FOR INTERNATIONAL SERVICE"). The reverse is blank. The medal is worn in a 35 mm blue ribbon. The ribbon can after the Supreme Commander's decision be provided with a laurel wreath in silver.
With each medal comes a detachable medal clasp in oxidized bronze with the inscription of the mission area name/country. Example: "KOSOVO". The medal clasp is attached to the lower part of the ribbon. With the medal comes a service ribbon and digits showing the number of times the individual been awarded.
The costs for the medal with accessories is charged to the appropriation for each mission. Miniature medals are not obtained on the Swedish Armed Forces' expense. The Swedish Armed Forces subsequently acquires medal clasps for all mission from 24 January 1994 onwards. In accordance with the medal regulations from 1991 and 1994, the awarded individual may wear medal clasps under the Swedish Armed Forces Carrying Regulations for awards.
Presenting
The medal is awarded by the Supreme Commander or by the person that the Supreme Commander appoints and during a ceremony at the homecoming. Possession of the medal is recorded in the Swedish Armed Forces personnel accounting system. The medal is awarded to eligible after each mission that fulfills the following requirements:
1. The medal is awarded to Swedish Armed Forces' personnel who have completed international service for a continuous or cumulative period of at least 30 days during a twelve-month period.
a Only one medal per mission area and twelve-month period is awarded to the individual.
b At planned continuous or repeated service in the mission area that extends over twelve months (for example, during alternating service with another employee), a medal is awarded on return home after completion of completed service.
2. The medal may be by the Supreme Commander's medal preparation, after consulting the protocol department in the relevant country, also award foreign personnel under Swedish military leadership under the same premises as for Swedish Armed Forces personnel.
3. Anyone who meet the requirements for the award, but due to injury is demobilized before the individual's unit, is awarded the medal at the same time as (or adjacent to) the unit's medal ceremony (equivalent).
4. The individual who for reasons other than p. 3 meet the requirements for the award, but who are forced to cancel their service, may after a special decision at the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters Operations Command (Insatsledningen) be awarded the medal.
5. Swedish Armed Forces personnel who meet the requirements for the award but who is killed before the medal is normally awarded, will be awarded the medal posthumously.
Ownership
The medal is personal property and should not be returned to the Swedish Armed Forces when the holder has died.
Specific distinction devices
The medal can be fitted with a laurel wreath in silver on the ribbon, which shows special merit during mission. The laurel wreath should be regarded as an award closest lower to the Swedish Armed Forces Medal of Merit in silver. With the laurel wreath comes a certificate that contains information about the recipient's title, name and citation on why the medal has been awarded. The certificate is signed by the Supreme Commander.
Recommendation with justification and documentation of facts is submitted by the commanding officer/contingent head to the Supreme Commander's medal preparation. The medal preparation presents its recommendation to the Supreme Commander who decide on the awarding in each particular case.
Abbreviations
The Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser), 1991/1994/2012:
a. FMintBM 1991/1994
(Medal awarded 1991-1994 is worn as an individual medal since the reverse is unique.)
1. FMintBMSaudi (with palm in gold for mission in Saudi Arabia in 1991)
2. FMintBMSom (with crossed spears in bronze for mission in Somalia 1992–93)
3. FMintBMLib (with star in gold for the Swedish Release Hospital mission in Liberia 1992-1993)
4. FMintBMJug (with laurel wreath in silver for mission in Yugoslavia in 1992)
5. FMintBMGeo (with laurel wreath in silver for mission in Georgia in 1992)
6. FMintBMAfg (with dromedary in bronze for mission in Afghanistan before 11 August 2003)
b. FMintBMmbsp () 1991/1994/2012
The FMintBM awarded from 1994 to 2012 includes on the reverse side an engraved information on the mission name and year. From 1 June 2012 the engraving was replaced and thus the additional designation ”med bandspänne” ("with medal clasp"). The Swedish Armed Forces allows the carrying of private acquired medal clasps for the missions in Cyprus, Lebanon, Bosnia, Kosovo and Macedonia for the period 1991-1994, and for all missions from 1994.
(1) On the uniforms only one medal per mission is worn (medal clasp showing the mission area). A digit is attached to the ribbon for the number of times the medal has been awarded.
(i) On the service ribbon a digit in silver is attached for the total number of awarded medals.
(2) In case the laurel wreath is awarded, then it is attached in the middle of the ribbon and with the medal clasp for the mission at the bottom. The Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal with medal clasp and laurel wreath (Försvarsmaktens medalj för internationella insatser med bandspänne och lagerkrans, FMintBMmbspokrans) is worn as an individual medal and service ribbon, with priority over other FMintBM.
Notes
I. Sometimes wrongly called Försvarsmaktens belöningsmedalj med svärd för internationella insatser ("Swedish Armed Forces International Service Medal of Reward Medal with Swords") which is a different medal established in 1995.
II. The head of contingent must submit the request for awarding the medal to the Swedish Armed Forces Headquarters Operations Command (Insatsledningen). Examples of reasons for awarding can be death or severe illness of a close relative, which precludes further service.
References
External links
Decisions concerning the medal's laurel wreath
Orders, decorations, and medals of Sweden
Awards established in 1991
1991 establishments in Sweden
George St George may refer to:
Sir George St George (1583−1660), Irish MP, Vice-Admiral of Connaught
Sir George St George (Carrick MP) (fl. 1640–1713), Irish politician, MP for Carrick
George St George, 1st Baron Saint George (c. 1658–1735), Irish politician, MP for County Roscommon, 1692–1715
George St George (Athlone MP) (1682–1762), Irish politician, MP for Athlone
St George, 1st Baron Saint George (c. 1715–1775), Irish politician, MP for Carrick from 1741, grandson of the previous Baron Saint George
George Saint-George (1841–1924), British musical instrument maker and composer
The Ven Frederick James Boyd was archdeacon of Winnipeg from 1962 until 1966.
Boyd was educated at the University of Manitoba and ordained in 1932. After curacies at Morden and Kildonan they were on the staff of St. Alban's Cathedral, Kenora from 1939 to 1950. They were rector of St Aidan, Winnipeg from 1950 until their appointment as archdeacon; and at St Mary, Kerrisdale afterwards.
Notes
University of Manitoba alumni
Archdeacons of Winnipeg
Canadian Anglican priests
Miris striatus is a Palearctic species of bugs that constitutes the type species of the type genus of the family Miridae.
References
Miridae
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Carenum parvulum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1873.
References
parvulum
Beetles described in 1873
Malek Al-Shlouh (; born 31 December 1983) is a Jordanian footballer who was a defender for That Ras.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Jordanian footballers
Association football defenders
That Ras Club players
Al-Ramtha SC players
People from Al Karak
Joseph Michael Gilmore (March 23, 1893 – April 2, 1962) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. They served as Bishop of Helena from 1936 until their death in 1962.
Biography
Joseph Gilmore was born in New York City in 1893, to John Joseph and Mary Teresa (née Hanrahan) Gilmore, an ethnic Irish family. When Joseph was five, in 1898, they moved with their family moved to Anaconda, Montana, where their father worked in the mining industry. They studied at Loras College in Dubuque, Iowa, from where they obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1911. They continued their studies at the Urban College of Propaganda in Rome, earning a Doctor of Sacred Theology in 1915. While in Rome, Gilmore was ordained to the priesthood on July 25, 1915.
Career
Following their return to Montana, Gilmore served as a professor at Carroll College until 1920, when they became pastor of St. Teresa's Church in Whitehall. They served as pastor of St. Helena's Church in Butte from 1925 to 1927. They next served as chancellor of the Diocese of Helena from 1927 to 1936.
On December 9, 1935, Gilmore was appointed the fifth Bishop of Helena by Pope Pius XI. They received their episcopal consecration on February 19, 1936 from Archbishop Amleto Giovanni Cicognani, with Bishops Edwin Vincent O'Hara and Joseph Francis McGrath serving as co-consecrators. During their 26-year-long tenure, they presided over a period of great growth for the diocese. In addition to the material development, programs were developed to foster vocations, help resettle refugees from World War II, retrain unskilled workers, aid in adoptions, and promote the lay apostolate. They were named an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne in 1959.
At age 69, Gilmore died unexpectedly in San Francisco, California, while attending the installation of Archbishop Joseph Thomas McGucken.
References
1893 births
1962 deaths
Clergy from New York City
Roman Catholic bishops of Helena
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Carroll College (Montana)
Loras College alumni
People from Anaconda, Montana
Punjabi New Zealanders are New Zealanders who are of Punjabi descent. Their ancestry originates wholly or partially in the Punjab region of South Asia, constituting a subgroup of Indian New Zealanders and Pakistani New Zealanders.
According to the 2018 New Zealand census, there were 34,227 Punjabi-speaking individuals in the country. Punjabi was the second most commonly spoken South Asian language in New Zealand after Hindi, and the 14th most common overall.
New Zealand has a historical and growing Sikh community, most of whom originate from Punjab. Punjabis were amongst the earliest immigrants from South Asia to arrive in New Zealand alongside the Gujaratis, during what was then the British Raj in the 1890s, and some of them married local Māori women, whose offspring became known as Māori Indians.
Notable people
Kanwaljit Singh Bakshi, National Party politician and former MP.
Ashraf Choudhary, Labour Party politician and former MP.
Billy Ibadulla, a Punjabi Christian and former Test cricketer for Pakistan, who emigrated to New Zealand in 1976.
Abraham Salaman, a Punjabi Muslim merchant and herbalist who arrived in New Zealand in 1903.
Amandeep Singh, first-class cricketer.
Bhupinder Singh, first-class cricketer.
Phomen Singh, confectioner who arrived in New Zealand in c. 1890.
Ish Sodhi, New Zealand Test cricketer.
Sukhi Turner, politician and former mayor of Dunedin.
See also
Indian New Zealanders
Pakistani New Zealanders
Sikhism in New Zealand
References
New Zealand
Indian diaspora in New Zealand
Pakistani diaspora in New Zealand
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 70 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nashville Rises is the first documentary film about the city of Nashville, Tennessee's response to the 2010 Tennessee floods. It premiered at the 42nd Nashville Film Festival on April 14, 2011 and received the festival's "Ground Zero Tennessee Spirit Award for Best Short Documentary Film". The film was narrated by Billy Bob Thornton and directed by Zac Adams.
Production
Zac Adams, a graduate of Franklin High School and Watkins College of Art, Design & Film, first conceived of Nashville Rises after their company Skydive Films produced public service announcements for the American Red Cross and the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee in the wake of the 2010 Tennessee floods. Citing the wider world's ignorance and negligence of the event, Adams wanted to spread the message of the floods, their repercussions, and Tennesseans' response to a wider audience.
Mirroring the volunteerism the film witnessed, the project itself was a non-profit venture; time, labor, equipment, media, expertise, and talent were freely donated to the project. Adams produced the film alongside filmmaker Camron Carrier, as well as American musician and Franklin resident Mark Slaughter. Cinematographer Bill Cornelius, film editor Luke Dye, and composer Cody Westheimer all donated their time to the production of Nashville Rises as well.
Release
In January 2011, Nashville Rises was slotted to appear at Gatlinburg Screenfest (March 25–27, 2011), the 42nd Nashville Film Festival (April 22), as well as further showings at film festivals in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, San Francisco, and London. In May 2011, the film was screened at the Belcourt Theater in Hillsboro, Tennessee for the anniversary of the floods; Slaughter (vis-à-vis Mark Slaughter's involvement) joined singer-songwriter and Nashville Rises interviewee Julie Roberts and more in performing at the charity event.
Nashville Rises was scheduled to air on PBS late Summer 2011.
Finances
All proceeds from Nashville Rises will go to benefit Hands on Nashville, the Community Foundation of Middle Tennessee, and the American Red Cross.
References
External links
2010s American films
2011 documentary films
2011 films
American short documentary films
documentary films about disasters
The following is a list of plays that have won the Tony Award or Laurence Olivier Award for Best Play. Highlighted shows are currently running on either Broadway or West End as of April 2022.
See also
List of Tony Award- and Olivier Award-winning musicals
References
External links
Tony Awards official website
Olivier Awards official website
.
.
Lists of plays
List of Tony Award-winning plays
List of Olivier Award-winning plays
Bapianga Deogracias "Grace" Tanda (born 29 January 1994) is a Congolese professional footballer,  They are currently playing for Al-Suqoor. Nicknamed "Grace", Tanda is a proficient striker, possessing great speed, physic and technique in their game.
Club career
Early career
Tanda began their club career with Ope IF, in 2011 Tanda transferred to Östersunds FK B team, for which they played in Division 4.In Östersunds FK Second team Tanda scored 12 goals in two seasons. Before the 2014 season, they got sign by the division 2 team IFK Östersund. After only half a season in IFK Östersund with many good performances in the division 2. They were recruited by Östersunds FK in the summer of 2014 to compete in Superettan. Graham Potter and Billy Reid saw that there was a lot of potential in Tanda and wanted them to sign with Östersunds FK.
Östersunds FK
They made their debut in the Superettan on October 25, 2014, in a 2–1 home loss against Assyriska FF, where Tanda was replaced by Luka Peric in the 87th minute. On November 2, 2014, Tanda played their first match from the start and scored their first Superettan goal in a 2-2 match against Ängelholms FF.
Skellefteå FF
In 2016 Tanda was loaned out full season to the division 2 team Skellefteå FF after coming back from a ligament injury. they played 26 games and score 11 and assisted 14. With their eleven goals in division II, Grace Tanda Skellefteå was FF's sharpest goal scorer in 2016.
Motala AIF FF
In 2017, Tanda signed one-year contract with Division II team Motala AIF FF and they scored 10 goals in 24 league games.
BK Forward
On 2018 the former Östersunds FK player got recruited by the division 1 team BK Forward. Tanda played 30 games for the Örebro team and scored 14 goal. They were rumoured to sign with the Superettan team Landskrona Bois summer 2018 after their performance with BK Forward but remained at the club to the end of the season.
Gefle IF
On January 11, 2019 Tanda signed for the ancient club Gefle IF they scored 8 goals in 26 games. after the season
Thanh Hoa Fc
Tanda left Gefle if and signed for the V.league 1 team Thanh Hoa Fc in Vietnam. after only 2 games both parties made an agreement to end the contract after the club had put too much pressure on Tanda.
CLB SHB Da Nang
In March 2020, they signed for another V.league1 team and this time for the former V.league 1 champions CLB SHB Da Nang.
Grace Tanda has shown a better integration with SHB in Danang. Currently, the Swedish striker has 4 goals and 3 assists in 9 games, with Phan Van Long becoming the two best scorer. Perhaps also because of this, Tanda has caught the eye of some teams in both Asia and Europe.
International career
In summer 2015 made their debut for Congo national football team U23 against France U23 in a friendly match in Centre Technique de la Ligue du Midi-Pyrénées de Castelmourou. a France team in full preparation for the Euro. Congo lost by 2–0. Tanda started the match.
References
1994 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
IFK Östersund players
Östersunds FK players
Skellefteå FF players
Motala AIF players
BK Forward players
Gefle IF players
IFK Luleå players
Al-Suqoor FC players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Vietnam
Ettan Fotboll players
Superettan players
V.League 1 players
Saudi Second Division players
21st-century Democratic Republic of the Congo people
City National Bank (CNB) is a bank headquartered at City National Plaza in Los Angeles, California. CNB is a subsidiary of the Toronto-based Royal Bank of Canada and it is the 35th largest bank in the United States .
CNB has been dubbed the "Bank to the Stars" due to its extensive relationships with numerous Hollywood entertainment industry clients, and deals with many exclusive and premier clients from various media, including television, film, theater and the arts.
Management
The bank had total assets of $91 billion (as of June 1, 2022). It offers a full complement of banking, trust and investment services through 75 offices, including 19 full-service regional centers, in Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area, Nevada, New York City, Minneapolis, Nashville, Washington, DC and Atlanta. After the closure or merger of many Los Angeles banks, it has become the largest bank headquartered in the Greater Los Angeles Area. It also acts as a processing bank, providing back office services such as checking account processing and check clearance services for smaller local banks that do not do their own processing. In addition, the company manages $71.7 billion in client investment assets.
It is a national bank, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency of the United States Department of the Treasury. It has been a wholly owned subsidiary of the Royal Bank of Canada since 2015.
History
The bank was founded in 1954 by Alfred S. Hart. They hired Benjamin N. Maltz as the first chairperson of the board. Its offices were in Beverly Hills at 400 North Roxbury Drive until 2004 when its headquarters were relocated to Arco Plaza (later City National Plaza) in Los Angeles.
In 1963, when Frank Sinatra's son was kidnapped, the bank put up the $240,000 demanded as ransom money. In 1970, its stock began trading over the counter.
In the 1990s, it acquired seven banks: First Los Angeles Bank (1995), Ventura County National Bank (1997), Frontier Bank (1997), Riverside National Bank (1997), Harbor Bank (1998), North American Trust Company (1998), and American Pacific State Bank (1999). In 2000, the bank expanded into Northern California in with the purchase of The Pacific Bank, followed by the acquisition of the Oakland-based Civic BanCorp in 2002. It had also acquired The Pacific Bank in 2000 as well as Reed, Conner & Birdwell and the People's Bank of California in 2001.
In 2002, City National opened an office in New York City to serve its California-based clientele who do business on both coasts, and prospective clients in Manhattan. In that decade, it continued to acquire more banks: Convergent Capital Management, LLC (2003), Business Bank of Nevada (2006), Convergent Wealth Advisors (2007), Lee Munder Capital Group (2009), Imperial Capital Bank (2009).
It then acquired two more banks in 2010: 1st Pacific Bank and Sun West Bank. In mid-2011, the bank opened a branch in Nashville, Tennessee. In 2012, it acquired Rochdale Investment Management and First American Equipment Finance.
City National Bank was formerly known as City National Bank of Beverly Hills and changed its name to City National Bank in February 1964.
On January 22, 2015, City National announced a "definitive agreement" to be acquired by the Royal Bank of Canada.
On April 11, 2017, City National opened its first full-service branch at RBC Plaza in Minneapolis, in conjunction with RBC Wealth Management.
On October 25, 2018, City National announced that Kelly Coffey would become its first female CEO from February 2019 becoming only the 4th CEO in the bank's history.
Sponsorship
The most notable of City National Bank's sponsorships is its sponsorship of the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League which includes the naming rights to the team headquarters and practice facility City National Arena.
It previously sponsored the LA Galaxy amongst other sports teams.
The Bank is also the Official Bank of the Los Angeles Clippers, as well as the main sponsor of The Tony Awards.
References
External links
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Banks based in California
Companies based in Los Angeles
Banks established in 1954
1954 establishments in California
2015 mergers and acquisitions
Royal Bank of Canada
American subsidiaries of foreign companies
Klapanunggal or Kelapanunggal is a town and district (Indonesian: Kecamatan) in the Bogor Regency, West Java, Indonesia. It is home to an industrial area that is part of a larger industrial site that also covers various districts in the same regency, including Gunung Putri and Cileungsi.
Because of the industrial area, Klapanunggal is also home to a stable balanced population between local factory/industrial workers, and commuters to the Greater Jakarta area. As a result, from having a rather large number of commuters, the town has Nambo station as a station that connects the town with the local commuter rail, KRL Jabodetabek.
Gallery
References
Districts of Bogor Regency
Izrod na granici (trans. Bastard on the Border) is an EP released by former Yugoslav hard rock band Rok Mašina, released in 1983. The EP was released after the band disbanded in 1982, and featured a part of the material the band recorded while working on their second studio album.
The EP features a live version of the song "Bilo mi je bolje", recorded on the Belgrade Rock Festival held in Pionir Hall in September 1982, which was also the last live performance by Rok Mašina. The song "Promašen san" features a recording of Aleister Crowley's voice.
Album cover
The album cover was designed by Jugoslav Vlahović. The original album cover, also designed by Vlahović, should have featured two hands with feathers thrust through them and the bands logo and album title written in red, but was, as the band's leader Robert Nemeček stated, refused by the band's label, Jugodisk, as "politically problematic". The label soon stated that the original artwork was refused as "it might allude to some other things", but that it was not politically problematic.
Track listing
Side One
"Granica" - 4:13
"Nulti čas" - 6:53
Side Two
"Rokenrol" - 3:27
"Bilo mi je bolje" - 3:43
"Promašen san" - 4:41
Personnel
Robert Nemeček - bass guitar, production
Zoran Božinović - guitar, vocals
Vidoja Božinović - guitar
Boban Đorđević - drums
Additional personnel
Rade Ercegovac - engineer
Covers
In 2012, Serbian alternative rock band Kanda, Kodža i Nebojša recorded a cover of "Granica" ("Border") for the New Year's Eve edition of Radio Television of Serbia show Bunt.
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960–2006, Janjatović Petar;
Izrod na granici at Discogs
External links
Izrod na granici at Discogs
1983 EPs
Rok Mašina albums
Jugodisk albums
James Theodore (Ted) Richmond also known as "Twilight Ted" (May 26, 1890 – December 3, 1975) was an American writer, conservationist, non-denominational preacher, and noted librarian.
Background
Richmond was born the second of five sons of a pioneer physician, Albert and Etta Richmond in Ogallala, Nebraska. In 1894 after years of drought, the family moved to Fort Madison, Iowa. In Iowa Richmond became fascinated with outdoor life and would often travel around with migrant workers listening to their stories and preaching the Gospel. Richmond was active in the Boy Scouts of America and started many Scout troops in their travels around the Midwest.
Seeking a greater education, Richmond traveled to Chicago and attended school at the University of Chicago for a period of time.
World War I
Richmond joined the (AEF) American Expeditionary Force and was stationed in France during World War I. After the war, they stayed in France and spent one year attending the University of Toulouse. During that time period, they also helped establish one of the many libraries at the University.
Chicago newspaperman
After returning to the United States after World War I, Richmond worked as a newspaperman and wrote radio plays. After several years they grew disenchanted with the life of the big city and its focus on material possessions. Having spent much of their youth being involved with the Boy Scouts and their love of the outdoors, they read the story "The Shepherd of the Hills" by Harold Bell Wright and an article by Horace Kephart about camping in the Ozarks. These books greatly influenced them and they decided to give up the big city life and find themselves again in the hills of the Boston Mountains in Arkansas.
Richmond migrated to Springfield, Missouri, in the Missouri Ozarks. While in Springfield, they continued their education and attended what is now known as Missouri State University.
Ozark life and the Boston Mountains
In 1931, Richmond relocated to Mount Sherman, Arkansas, and homesteaded land located on the north slope, in what they called "the cove". They built a cabin which they lovingly called the "Wildcat Cabin" because of the bobcat that followed them on their journey to locate a suitable building site.
Richmond immediately formed a kinship with the native Arkansans. Richmond was a worldly man in a land that saw very little of the outside world. They began several quests that were dear to their heart, doctoring and education. They began writing people describing their need for books and magazines that offered reading material of the hill folks.
Later years
Richmond married Edna Garner, Chief Deputy Clerk of the Courts of Civil Appeals of the 6th Supreme Judicial District Court of Texas at Texarkana, in 1953. They lived in Texarkana and Richmond would spend summers on Mount Sherman in Arkansas tending to their Wilderness Library.
Richmond died in a nursing home in Texarkana, Texas, at the age of 85.  They are buried in a Texarkana, Texas cemetery.
References
External links
Wilderness Library web site dedicated to 'Twilight' Ted
Encyclopedia of Arkansas
University of Arkansas Archives
Newton County Historical Society
University of Arkansas Libraries
1890 births
1975 deaths
American librarians
People from Ogallala, Nebraska
Schönbusch was a suburban estate (Gutsbezirk) of and then a quarter of Königsberg, Germany, located southwest of the city center. Its territory is now part of Dimitrovo within the Moskovsky District in Kaliningrad, Russia.
Schönbusch developed from an inn known first as Niederkrug and then as Duboisruh, after its owner, Dubois. King William I and Queen Augusta visited there on 14 October 1861 before their coronation in Königsberg. In 1865 it was known as Schönbusch and was part of the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.). Schönbusch was added to neighboring Ponarth on 14 October 1893; Ponarth was then merged into the city of Königsberg in 1905.
Schönbusch was most well known for its brewery, Aktien-Brauerei Schönbusch, founded in 1871. It acquired Brauerei Wickbold AG in 1923. The Amber Room was once believed to have been within the ruins of the Schönbusch brewery.
Notes
References
Reicke, Rudolf (ed). Altpreussische Monatsschrift (Januar – März 1905). Zweiundvierzigster Band. Der Provinzialblätter CVIII. Band. Erstes und Zweites Heft. Verlag von Thomas und Oppermann. Königsberg in Pr.
Former subdivisions of Königsberg
Populated places established in 1865
Priory House is a Grade II Listed building in Monmouth, Wales.
First listed on 15 August 1974 it is an 18th-century building of 3 storeys, with a modern, dark red tile roof. It has had many alterations since its construction in the 18th century.
In the first part of the 19th century the building was home to the Monmouth Classical Academy which was a private boarding School. From about 1830 the Academy was run by Rev J Gosling. Fees were £20 per annum, Greek & Latin £3, Math £3, French £4, Geography £2. The Building is currently used as a private political club (Conservative).
Notes
Grade II listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Houses in Monmouth, Wales
is a Japanese film director, producer, screenwriter, and editor. They began their career in television and has since directed more than a dozen feature films, including Nobody Knows (2004), Still Walking (2008), and After the Storm (2016). They won the Jury Prize at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival for Like Father, Like Son and won the Palme d'Or at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival for Shoplifters.
Personal life
Kore-eda's father was a wansei. Their paternal grandparents could not marry under Japanese law at the time as they had the same last name, so they eloped to Taiwan where they could, which was then under Japanese colonial rule. They have cited this as a reason for their affinity toward Taiwan.
Kore-eda was born in Nerima, Tokyo, Japan.  They are the youngest of three children with two older sisters. From a young age, Kore-eda would spend time watching movies with their mother. They said through an interpreter, "My mother loved films! They adored Ingrid Bergman, Joan Fontaine, Vivien Leigh. We couldn't afford to go together to the cinema, but they were always watching their movies on TV. They stopped all family business or discussions to watch these movies. We would watch together. So I adored film – like her."
After graduating from Waseda University's Graduate School of Letters, Arts and Sciences in 1987, Kore-eda worked on documentaries, where they were subject to aggressive management. They have cited this as being the reason they try to avoid becoming angry on their sets and to encourage a happy work environment.
Kore-eda was married in 2002 and has one daughter, born in 2007.
Career
Before embarking on a career as a film director, Kore-eda worked as an assistant director on documentaries for television. They eventually transitioned into directing, and directed their first television documentary, Lessons from a Calf, in 1991. They directed several other documentary films thereafter.
In 1995, at the Venice Film Festival, their first fiction feature film Maborosi won a Golden Osella Award for Best Cinematography. At the first Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema in 1999, they won awards for Best Film and Best Screenplay for their film After Life.
In 2005, they won the Blue Ribbon Awards for Best Film and Best Director for their film Nobody Knows. Their 2008 film, Still Walking, also earned accolades, including Best Director at the 2009 Asian Film Awards, and the Golden Ástor for Best Film at the 2008 Mar del Plata International Film Festival.
Their 2013 film, Like Father, Like Son, premiered and was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. It eventually did not win, but it won the Jury Prize, as well as a commendation from the Ecumenical Jury. In October 2013, the film won the Rogers People's Choice Award at the 2013 Vancouver International Film Festival.
Kore-eda's 2015 film, Our Little Sister, was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, though it did not win. Their 2016 film, After the Storm, debuted to critical acclaim at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival in the Un Certain Regard category. For their work on the film, they won the award for Best Director at the Yokohama Film Festival. Kore-eda won Best Film and Best Director Japan Academy Prizes for their film The Third Murder (2017), which also screened in the main competition of the 74th Venice International Film Festival.
In 2018, their film, titled Shoplifters, about a young girl that is welcomed in by a family of shoplifters, premiered at the Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
In 2018, they won the Donostia Award for their lifetime achievement at San Sebastián International Film Festival.
In 2019, Kore-eda directed The Truth, starring Catherine Deneuve, Juliette Binoche and Ethan Hawke. It is their first film shot in Europe and not in their native language.
In 2020, it was announced that they will direct Broker. The film will be set in South Korea, featuring a predominantly South Korean cast and crew. It is scheduled to be released on June 8, 2022. The film has been chosen to compete for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 2022.
In January 2022, it was announced that Kore-eda would be working with a team of directors including Megumi Tsuno, Hiroshi Okuyama, and Takuma Sato on a nine-episode series called Makanai: Cooking for the Maiko House, adapted from the manga Kiyo in Kyoto.
Style and influences
According to the Harvard Film Archive, Kore-eda's works "reflect the contemplative style and pacing of such luminaries as Hou Hsiao-hsien and Tsai Ming-liang".
Kore-eda is most often compared to Yasujirō Ozu, although the directors they have said they feel influenced by are Ken Loach and Japanese director Mikio Naruse.
In a 2009 interview, Kore-eda revealed that Still Walking is based on their own family.
Filmography
Film
Television
Nonfix (1991)
Without Memory (1996)
Kaidan Horror Classics (2010)
Going My Home (2012)
Ishibumi (2015)
A Day-Off of Kasumi Arimura (2020; episode 1, 3)
The Makanai: Cooking for the Maiko House (2023)
Accolades
1995: Vancouver International Film Festival – Dragons and Tigers Award (Maborosi)
1998: San Sebastian Film Festival – FIPRESCI Prize (After Life)
1998: Three Continents Festival – Golden Montgolfiere (After Life)
1999: Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema – Best Film and Best Screenplay (After Life)
2004: Flanders International Film Festival Ghent – Grand Prix (Nobody Knows)
2005: Blue Ribbon Awards – Best Film and Best Director (Nobody Knows)
2008: Mar del Plata International Film Festival – Best Film (Still Walking)
2009: Asian Film Awards – Best Director (Still Walking)
2009: Blue Ribbon Awards – Best Director (Still Walking)
2011: San Sebastian Film Festival – Best Screenplay (I Wish)
2012: Asia-Pacific Film Festival – Best Director (I Wish)
2013: Cannes Film Festival – Jury Prize (Like Father, Like Son)
2013: Asia-Pacific Film Festival – Best Film and Best Director (Like Father, Like Son)
2013: São Paulo International Film Festival – Audience Award Best Foreign Film (Like Father, Like Son)
2013: Vancouver International Film Festival – Audience Award International Films (Like Father, Like Son)
2013: Yokohama Film Festival – Best Screenplay (Like Father, Like Son)
2015: San Sebastian Film Festival – Audience Award Best Film (Our Little Sister)
2015: Yokohama Film Festival – Best Director (Our Little Sister)
2016: Japan Academy Prize – Best Film and Best Director (Our Little Sister)
2016: Films from the South – Best Film (After the Storm)
2018: Japan Academy Prize – Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay, and Best Editing (The Third Murder)
2018: Cannes Film Festival – Palme d'Or (Shoplifters)
2018: Los Angeles Film Critics Association – Best Foreign Film (Shoplifters)
2018: San Sebastián International Film Festival – Donostia Award
2018: Asia Pacific Screen Awards – Best Film (Shoplifters)
2018: Denver Film Festival – Best Film (Shoplifters)
2018: Filmfest München – Best International Film (Shoplifters)
2018: Films from the South – Audience Award (Shoplifters)
2018: Vancouver International Film Festival – Most Popular International Feature (Shoplifters)
2019: Asian Film Awards – Best Film (Shoplifters)
2019: Japan Academy Prize – Best Film, Best Director, and Best Screenplay (Shoplifters)
2019: César Award – Best Foreign Film (Shoplifters)
2019: Guldbagge Awards – Best Foreign Film (Shoplifters)
Frequent collaborators
Kore-eda often casts the same actors in their narrative films, in particular Kirin Kiki and Susumu Terajima, both of whom have appeared in six of Kore-eda's films. Other performers who have collaborated with Kore-eda on multiple films include Hiroshi Abe, Arata, Tadanobu Asano, Lily Franky, Isao Hashizume, Ryo Kase, and Yui Natsukawa.
Notes
References
Further reading
Ellis, Jonathan. "After Life" (Review). Film Quarterly, Vol. 57, Issue no. 1, pp. 32–37. ISSN 0015-1386.
"This is your life: Tony Rayns interviews After Life's director Koreeda Hirokazu". Sight & Sound. March 1999.
Martonova, Andronika (2016). "Boys don't cry: the image of the children as a social problem in Hirokazu Koreeda's films". Central Asian Journal of Art Studies, pр. 55–64.
External links
1962 births
Living people
Japanese film directors
Best Director International Eurasia Award winners
Japanese documentary filmmakers
Waseda University alumni
Directors of Palme d'Or winners
Best Director Asian Film Award winners
Michael Howe (1787 – 21 October 1818) was a British convict who became a notorious bushranger and gang leader in Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania), Australia.
Early life
Howe was born at Pontefract, Yorkshire, England, son of Thomas Howe and their wife Elizabeth. They served two years on a merchant vessel at Hull before deserting to join the navy as a seaman. They later owned their own small craft.
Transportation
On 31 July 1811 they were sentenced to seven years transportation for robbing a miller on the highway. They arrived in Van Diemen's Land in October 1812 on Indefatigable, and was assigned to John Ingle, a merchant and grazier. Howe refused the assignment, declaring that "having served the King, they would be no man's slave". They escaped, and joined a large party of escaped convicts in the bush.
The gang
In May 1814 Howe gave themselves up to the authorities in response to an offer of clemency made by Governor Macquarie. Howe, however, took to the bush again and joined a band of bushrangers led by John Whitehead. Houses were robbed and ricks burned by their gang, and being pursued by an armed party of settlers, two of the latter were killed and others wounded in a fight which followed. Rewards were offered for the apprehension of the bushrangers and parties of soldiers were sent out to search for them. On one occasion the bushrangers fired a volley through the windows of a house in which soldiers were stationed, and Whitehead was killed by the return fire. Before death, Whitehead begged Howe to cut off their head, and take it, so that it couldn't be taken by their pursuers, and used as evidence to claim the offered reward. Howe complied with the request.
Howe then became the leader of the bushrangers, and although two of the gang were caught and executed, many robberies ensued. In February 1817 two more bushrangers were shot and another captured, and in the following month Howe left the party accompanied only by an Aboriginal girl. On one occasion, finding the military close on their heels, they attempted to shoot the girl, but only succeeded in wounding them slightly.
Howe found means of sending a letter to Governor Sorell offering to surrender and give information about their former associates on condition that they should be pardoned. They gave themselves up to a military officer on this understanding, and was taken to Hobart gaol on 29 April 1817 where they were examined by the magistrates. Howe would quite probably have been pardoned, but at the end of July they escaped and again took to the bush.
Howe had pleaded ill-health and was allowed to walk freely to a doctor in the company of a constable, and they walked ahead of the constable who was distracted and then made their escape. They quickly fell in with some bushrangers which included some of their old companions in arms. They quickly rose to leader but not without tension, two of the gang having incurred their anger so they made short work of them. At midnight, while both were sleeping Howe crept upon them and cut the throat of one and clubbed the others head in with the stock of their gun.
Death
In October 1817 they were betrayed by one of their own men, George Watson and William Drew a shopkeeper. Howe's hands had been tied but they managed to free them, stabbed Watson, and then taking Watson's gun, shot Drew dead. Watson died weeks later from their wounds. For nearly a year they hid in the bush, but needing ammunition, on 21 October 1818 they were decoyed to a hut where William Pugh of the 48th regiment and a stock-keeper, Thomas Worrall, were hidden. All three fired and missed but during the struggle which followed, Howe was killed by blows on the head with a musket. Worrall later recalled those final minutes when they faced Howe:
We were then about 15 yards from each other... They stared at me with astonishment, and, to tell you the truth, I was a little astonished at him, for they were covered with patches of kangaroo skins, and wore a black beard – a haversack and powder horn slung across their shoulders, I wore my beard also as I do now, and a curious pair we looked. After a moment's pause they cried out, "Black beard against white beard for a million!" and fired; I slapped at him, and I believe hit him, for they staggered, but rallied again, and was clearing the bank between me and them when Pugh ran up, and with the butt end of their firelock knocked them down, jumped after him, and battered their brains out just as they were opening a clasp-knife to defend himself.
They were 31. Howe's head was cut off to take to Hobart, while their body "was left to bleach in the woods". Worrall received a third share of the reward, a pardon from their convict sentence, and free passage back to England.
Their bones were interred in the same spot where they met their death, close to the old Shannon hut. Many of the bones appeared above ground, either from the effects of time and weather, or animals of prey, William Patterson, Superintendent of Convicts, took the pains to collect them together, to inter them in a deeper grave, and to distinguish the spot by a large stone and other memorials of the dead.
Conspiracy
Some of the most powerful men in Hobart and Launceston had arrangements with Howe and the most profitable of these partnerships was with the colony's wealthiest man, Edward Lord. Understandings were reached between them. Lord's wife, Maria played a crucial role in this connection. Maria Lord not only ran their husband's affairs in their absence, but as an ex-convict herself, they had the contacts and cultural understanding negotiating with the bushrangers.
The official investigations into Howe's relationship with Edward Lord and Robert Knopwood did not go far, as no documents from their testimonies have survived. As Carlo Canteri wrote in their Origins of Australian Social Banditry, "...a complete exposure of all the bushrangers, interconnecting linkages would shake Van Diemen's Land to its very rum-cellars."
Legacy
In 1818, T. E. Wells, a cousin of Samuel Marsden, wrote an account of Howe's life and crimes, called The Last and Worst of the Bushrangers of Van Diemen's Land.
Howe's exploits inspired the earliest play about Tasmania. Titled Michael Howe: The Terror! of Van Diemen's Land, it used William Wentworth's writings on Australia as its source material, and premiered at The Old Vic in London in 1821. Another early play about Howe was William Thomas Moncrieff's Van Diemen's Land: An Operatic Drama (1830).
Howe is commemorated in two Tasmanian place names: Mike Howes marsh, near Oatlands and a gully on the River Derwent.
There were a number of curious relics of the past eventful life of Michael Howe, it is unknown whether any of these still exist. Dr Robert Espie claimed to have dissected Howe's body and placed their thigh bone in the wall of their house at Sayes Comb, Tasmania. The bone was discovered in 1914. Dr James Ross collected a large iron pot from the place of Howes death and continued to use it. Frank and Philip Pitt had a volume returned that Howe had stolen and the book cover was secured with kangaroo skin and very neatly sewed with sinews. The Campbell Town museum once displayed a photograph of the original letter, written by Michael Howe, to Governor Thomas Davey in 1816, and signed by all the members of the gang.
In 2011, Screen Australia announced that a film called The Outlaw Michael Howe was in development. The film was directed by Brendan Cowell and starred Damon Herriman, Mirrah Foulkes, Rarriwuy Hick, Darren Gilshenan and Matt Day.
The Outlaw Michael Howe aired in Australia on the ABC television network on 1 December 2013 and again for Australia Day week in 2016.
See also
List of convicts transported to Australia
Notes
References
Bonwick, James Michael Howe in The Bushrangers: Illustrating the Early Days of Van Diemens Land, pp. 47–57. George Robertson, Melbourne, 1856. At Open Library.
Boyce, James Far From the Fatal Shore (The Australian)
K. R. Von Stieglitz, 'Howe, Michael (1787–1818)', Australian Dictionary of Biography, Volume 1, Melbourne University Press, 1966, pp 560–561. Retrieved 8 August 2009
1787 births
1818 deaths
Australian serial killers
Bushrangers
Convict escapees in Australia
English emigrants to colonial Australia
Deaths by firearm in Tasmania
Convicts transported to Australia
Male serial killers
People from Pontefract
Tax shelters are any method of reducing taxable income resulting in a reduction of the payments to tax collecting entities, including state and federal governments. The methodology can vary depending on local and international tax laws.
Types of tax shelters
Some tax shelters are questionable or even illegal:
Offshore companies. Due to differing tax rates and legislation in each country, tax benefits can be exploited. Example: If Import Co. buys $1 of goods from India and sells for $3, Import Co. will pay tax on $2 of taxable income. However, tax benefits can be exploited if Import Co. is to set up an offshore subsidiary in the British Virgin Islands to buy the same goods for $1, sell the goods to Import Co. for $3 and sell it again in the domestic market for $3. This allows Import Co. to report taxable income of $0 (because it was purchased for $3 and sold for $3), thus paying no tax. While the subsidiary will have to pay tax on $2, the tax is payable to the tax authority of British Virgin Islands. Since the British Virgin Islands has a corporate tax rate of 0%, no taxes are payable.
Financing arrangements. By paying unreasonably high interest rates to a related party, one may severely reduce the income of an investment (or even create a loss), but create a massive capital gain when one withdraws the investment. The tax benefit derives from the fact that capital gains are taxed at a lower rate than the normal investment income such as interest or dividend.
The flaws of these questionable tax shelters are usually that transactions were not reported at fair market value or the interest rate was too high or too low. In general, if the purpose of a transaction is to lower tax liabilities but otherwise have no economic value, and especially when arranged between related parties, such transactions are often viewed as unethical. The agency may re-evaluate the price, and will quickly neutralize any over tax benefits. However, such cases are difficult to prove. A soft drink from a vending machine can cost $1.75, but may also be bought in bulk for $0.25. To prove that the price is in fact unreasonable may turn out to be reasonably difficult itself.
Other tax shelters can be legal and legitimate:
Flow-through shares/limited partnerships. Certain companies, such as mining or oil drilling often take several years before they can generate positive income, while many of them will go under. This normally deters common investors who demand quick, or at least safe, returns. To encourage the investment, the US government allows the exploration costs of the company to be distributed to shareholders as tax deductions (not to be confused with tax credits). Investors are rewarded by 1) the near instant tax savings 2) the potential massive gains if the company discovers gold or oil. In US terminology, these entities are given the generic title of "limited partnership" and in the past they may have simply been called a "tax shelter", being an archetypical tax shelter. However the IRS limited the popularity of these plans by allowing the losses to only offset passive (investment) income as opposed to earned income.
Retirement plan. In order to reduce burden of the government-funded pension systems, governments may allow individuals to invest in their own pension. In the USA these sanctioned programs include Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs) and 401(k)s. The contributed income will not be taxable today, but will be taxable when the individual retires. The advantage to these plans is that money that would have been taken out as taxes is now compounded in the account until the funds are withdrawn. With the Roth IRA and the newly introduced ([2006]) Roth 401(k), income is taxed before the contributions are made into the account but are not taxed when the funds are withdrawn. This option is preferred by those workers who expect to be in a higher tax bracket during retirement than they currently are. A similar system is available in the United Kingdom and is known as the Individual Savings Account.
These tax shelters are usually created by the government to promote a certain desirable behavior, usually a long-term investment, to help the economy; in turn, this generates even more tax revenue. Alternatively, the shelters may be a means to promote social behaviors. In Canada, in order to protect the Canadian culture from American influence, tax incentives were given to companies that produced Canadian television programs.
In general, a tax shelter is any organized program in which many individuals, rich or poor, participate to reduce their taxes due. However, a few individuals stretch the limits of legal interpretation of the income tax laws. While these actions may be within the boundary of legally accepted practice in physical form, these actions could be deemed to be conducted in bad faith. Tax shelters were intended to induce good behaviors from the masses, but at the same time caused a handful to act in the opposite manner. Tax shelters have therefore often shared an unsavory association with fraud.
Judicial doctrines
Aside from the attempts to stop tax shelters in the United States through provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, U.S. courts have several ways to prevent tax sheltering activities from happening. The judicial doctrines have a basic theme: to invalidate a transaction that would achieve a result contradictory to the intent or basic structure of the tax code provisions at issue. The following are the judicial doctrines:
1) The Substance over form doctrine
This doctrine is based on the premise that if two transactions have the same economic result, they should have the same tax result. To achieve this similar tax result, it can be necessary to look at the substance of the transaction rather than the formal steps taken to implement it.
2) The Step transaction doctrine
Similar to the substance doctrine, the step transaction doctrine treats a series of formally separate steps as a single transaction to determine what really was going on with the transaction.
3) The Business Purpose Doctrine
Courts will invalidate a transaction for tax purposes under this doctrine when it appears that the taxpayer was motivated by no business purpose other than to avoid tax or secure some tax benefit. This judicial inquiry largely is dependent on the taxpayer's intent.
4) The Sham Transaction Doctrine
This doctrine looks for transactions where the economic activities giving rise to the tax benefits do not occur. A clear example of this doctrine is seen in Knetsch v. United States, 364 U.S. 361. Sham transactions are classified as being one of two types, sham-in-substance, or sham-in-fact.
5) The Economic Substance Doctrine
Under this doctrine, courts will invalidate the tax transaction if the transaction lacks economic substance independent of the tax considerations. These doctrines questions whether the purported economic activity would have occurred absent the tax benefits claimed by the taxpayer.
Statutory provisions
In 2010, the U.S. Congress amended the Internal Revenue Code to codify and clarify the rules for applying these doctrines under the over all heading of the "Economic Substance Doctrine." The codification is found in subsection (o) of Section 7701 of the Code. Under the Code, a taxpayer must (with certain exceptions) meet both of the following tests in order for a transaction to be respected. The transaction must change, in a meaningful way, the taxpayer's economic position apart from the Federal income tax effects, and (B) the taxpayer must have a substantial purpose for entering into such transaction, apart from its Federal income tax effects. Under the Code, the term "economic substance doctrine" is defined as the common law doctrine under which Federal income tax benefits with respect to a transaction are not allowable if the transaction does not have economic substance or lacks a business purpose. The step transaction doctrine is incorporated into the codification.
See also
Asset protection
ATTAC NGO's criticism of tax haven and underground economy
Corporate haven
Corporate Inversion
Free port
Free economic zone
International Business Corporation
List of offshore financial centres
Money laundering
Offshore bank
Offshore company
Offshore Financial Centres
Offshore trust
Panama Papers
Paradise Papers
Son of BOSS
Tax avoidance and tax evasion
Tax exemption
Tax resistance
Tax exile
Tax exporting
Tax haven
References
External links
The Internal Revenue Service on tax shelters
Tax avoidance
Ethically disputed business practices
Euripus or Euripos () was a town in ancient Acarnania. It is known mainly through epigraphic evidence, including the appointment of theorodokoi of the place is mentioned towards the year 356/5 BCE to host theoroi of Epidaurus and also in another entry dated in the period 331/0-313 BCE to receive the theoroi of Nemea. It was a member of the Acarnanian League in the 3rd century BCE. It is also mentioned in the Periplus of Pseudo-Scylax.
Its site is located near the modern Rouga.
References
See also
List of cities in ancient Epirus
Populated places in ancient Acarnania
Former populated places in Greece
Cities in ancient Epirus
Macroderma koppa is a species of bat known from fossil material found in Australia, one of the larger carnivorous megadermatid family of the order Chiroptera. They resembled the modern species Macroderma gigas, known as a false vampire or ghost bat, and also preyed on vertebrates such as small mammals, reptiles and bird, and amphibian species, whose butchered remains were found beneath their feeding roosts.
Taxonomy
Macroderma koppa was described from fossil material discovered at the Wellington Caves in New South Wales. The type locality, described as Big Sink, is one of several sites containing fossil depositions in the cave system, a complex assemblage that contains a variety of vertebrate species. The author's specimens were designated as a holotype, a skull with complete dentition, and paratype material exhibiting other distinguishable characters.
The specific epithet was nominated by the authors in reference to Koppa, described by indigenous informants as a mythological spirit that is associated with the caves.
Description
A megadermatid species, allied to the genus Macroderma. Macroderma koppa is regarded as a sister species to the extant Macroderma gigas, known as the false vampire of ghost bat, a predatory carnivore found in the north of Australia. The discovery at Big Sink was initially reported in 1987 as the modern species, but subsequent analysis by the palaeo-mammalogist Suzanne Hand identified morphological characteristics indicating a species that had diverged as a separate lineage.
Macroderma koppa is larger than the earlier and probably ancestral species Macroderma godthelpi, and similar in size to the modern species. They are distinguished from M. gigas by characters that include a less well developed nose-shield and two infraorbital foramina, rather than one, and had larger premolars and incisors.
Distribution
The species was uncovered in excavations at the Cathedral cave, stratigraphy dated to the Pliocene, in an area associated with a phosphate mine.
The Big Sink site contains other fauna of this epoch, unlike the otherwise later Pleistocene fossil deposits at the Wellington Caves area. The period of deposition for the fossil material has been verified by correlation to dating of the Riversleigh sites, where other megadermatid species are recorded. The bones of Macroderma koppa are well represented at this site, with evidence of their consumption of prey, suggesting the cave was occupied by the population as a maternity colony and feeding roost.
References
Megadermatidae
Species described in 1988
Bats of Australia
Balaklava was the second album recorded and released by psychedelic folk group Pearls Before Swine in 1968.
Concept
For the album, original group members Tom Rapp, Wayne Harley and Lane Lederer were joined by Jim Bohannon, who replaced Roger Crissinger. Like the group's previous LP recorded on ESP-Disk, entitled One Nation Underground, it was recorded at Richard Alderson's Impact Sound studio in New York City. Recordings took place sometime in early 1968, but no complete records of the sessions have been published. Some CD reissues have stated that it was recorded in 1965, but this is an error. Lederer left the group during or shortly after the recordings, and the basic group was augmented by studio musicians.
Rapp stated that they wanted to produce a themed anti-war album, and chose the Charge of the Light Brigade at Balaklava in 1854 as an example of the futility of war. The album was dedicated to Private Edward Slovik, the only United States soldier executed for desertion during the Second World War.
Producer Richard Alderson said: "I had made great progress in building up my studio on West 65th Street in NYC where Balaklava was recorded. I had added many microphones, outboard gear, and a very early Ampex 8 track 1” master recorder. We also had a collection of many exotic musical instruments and a great selection of sound effects available. This enabled a full studio production palette.... Balaklava was primarily an anti-war statement, and secondarily an aural essay on the history of sound and recording. Often these premises are conjoined".
The album cover
The front cover is a detail of The Triumph of Death by Pieter Brueghel the Elder, showing a grotesque allegorical depiction of the horrors of war, while the back cover showed a photograph of a young girl at an anti-war protest taken by Mel Zimmer. The cover also included the quote "Only the dead have seen the end of war" by George Santayana, together with surreal and horrific drawings by avant-garde artist Jean Cocteau. The cover contributed to the mystique surrounding the group: few if any photographs of its members were published, and Pearls Before Swine did not perform in concert until 1971.
The songs
The album starts with the track "Trumpeter Landfrey", taken from an archived 1890 cylinder recording that had been reissued on 78rpm records in the 1930s. Their real name was Martin Lanfried; they were one of the original buglers from the 1854 Battle of Balaclava. The recording segues into "Translucent Carriages", one of the band's most enduring songs which Rapp subsequently performed, both with the band and as a soloist, including at the Terrastock 6 Festival in 2006. Simply performed with acoustic guitar, it contains breathing noises and whispered lines of commentary, including a quote from the ancient Greek historian Herodotus: "In peace, sons bury their fathers/ in war, fathers bury their sons."
"Images of April", in contrast, is an evocation of nature, featuring dubbed bird songs throughout. After "There Was A Man", a simpler story-based folk song, "I Saw The World" has become another highlight in the band's career. Its heartfelt lyrics were written by a 21-year-old Rapp, with such examples such as "I saw the world spinning like a toy, hate seems so small compared to it all, so why don't you do joy?" The sound is supplemented by overdubs of natural sound recordings, including waves as well as wind chimes, and by a lush string arrangement by Warren Smith. "Guardian Angels" is a ballad that was recorded with the intention to sound as if it was a scratchy 1920s 78rpm record, and the illusion was taken further by a date attached to the title ("recorded in Guadelope, Mexico, in 1929…") on the sleeve.
The second side of the LP starts with a version of Leonard Cohen's "Suzanne", featuring a unique double bass marimba played by Warren Smith. This is followed by "Lepers and Roses", a complex ballad full of allegorical classical references, which was arranged by Al Schackman, best known as accompanist to Nina Simone, and also featured Joe Farrell on flute. After an archived recording of Florence Nightingale's voice, the final track, entitled "Ring Thing", is a dramatic musical evocation of Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, complete with crashing gongs and a bagpipe chanter. According to Alderson: "The bagpipe player was told to play anything they wished and just walk around the studio playing. They were wearing their NYPD uniform pants during the overdub and was understandably confused. Their performance was perfect." At the end, the sound of a tape spooling backwards through the album takes the listener back to "Trumpeter Landfrey", perhaps trying to convey a message that the cycle of war and confusion is destined to continue. Some of the reissues of Balaklava on CD have that section edited out; the 2018 CD on the Drag City label has it separately indexed under the title "Rewind".
Release
The album repeated the band's critical success in the underground college scene of the late 1960s, and has subsequently been regularly rated the highest of all albums by either Rapp or the band. Following the album's release, Rapp backed out of their ESP contract and signed with Reprise Records. After seven further albums they retired from music in the mid-1970s, went back to school and became a successful civil rights lawyer for over three decades. They returned to perform and occasionally record in the mid-1990s.
Reissues and cover versions
The original album has been reissued several times on compact disc since the 1980s. A restored version was issued on CD by Drag City Records in 2018.
The band Psychic TV covered "Translucent Carriages" on their 1984 album Pagan Day.
Track listing
"Trumpeter Landfrey" – 0:35
"Translucent Carriages" – 4:00 (Wayne Harley/Tom Rapp)
"Images of April" – 2:44 (Rapp)
"There Was a Man" – 2:59 (Rapp)
"I Saw the World" – 3:28 (Rapp)
"Guardian Angels" – 3:02 (Rapp)
"Suzanne" – 5:01 (Leonard Cohen)
"Lepers and Roses" – 5:23 (Rapp)
"Florence Nightingale" – 0:17
"Ring Thing" – 2:20 [3:31 for the version including the tape effects at the end] (J.R.R. Tolkien/Rapp)
Credits
Tom Rapp – guitar, vocals, breathing
Jim Bohannon – organ, piano, clavinette, marimba
Wayne Harley – banjo, harmony
Lane Lederer – bass, guitar, swinehorn
Guest artists:-
Joe Farrell – flute, English horn (tracks 3, 7)
Lee Crabtree – piano, organ, flute (tracks 5, 8)
Bill Salter – bass (tracks 5, 7, 8, 10)
Al Schackman – guitar (track 8)
Warren Smith – string arrangements (track 5), percussion
Selwart Clarke – string arrangements (track 6)
Arielvaced out of Onlyville by Richard L. Alderson, Impact Sound, N.Y.C.
We wish to dedicate this album to Pvt. Edward D. Slovik, U.S. Army, deceased
References
External links
Lyrics to Balaklava
[ AMG review]
EMusic review
Official site for Tom Rapp and Pearls Before Swine
Fan site on MySpace
Psychedelic folk albums
Pearls Before Swine (band) albums
1968 albums
ESP-Disk albums
Fontana Records albums
Drag City (record label) albums
Gwynedd Mercy Academy High School is a private, Roman Catholic, all-girls high school in Gwynedd Valley, Pennsylvania. It is located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
Background
Gwynedd Mercy Academy High School was established as the Academy of the Sisters of Mercy in 1861 by the Sisters of Mercy. The school shares a campus with Gwynedd-Mercy College. In 1861, the Sisters of Mercy established the Academy of the Sisters of Mercy in Philadelphia.
The Academy began in Assumption Parish and later changed location to a residence at Broad Street and Columbia Avenue in Philadelphia. By August 1863, there were 28 students. Over the years the Academy experienced many changes and eventually moved to the Taylor Estate in Gwynedd Valley, where the Sisters converted stables and erected a science building to serve the Academy and College from 1947 to 1955. In April 1955, construction of the building for the elementary and secondary schools was completed and the Academy of Mercy became Gwynedd Mercy Academy.
Enrollment continued to increase and in 1982, the Sisters of Mercy purchased the Spring House Public School to house the elementary division. The high school remained in the facility that was built in 1955.
Over the years, Gwynedd Mercy Academy has evolved its programs in response to changing needs. In Montgomery County there was a great need for specialized classrooms for Art and Music and for a Performing Arts Center. The first phase of construction was completed in August 1999. A new library, Art and Music rooms, music practice rooms, a writing lab and a tiered lecture hall, as well as new tennis courts and a track were included in this first phase.
Enrollment increases and student talents highlighted the need for continued development of a Performing Arts Center. The Renaissance Campaign was organized to finance the second phase which was completed in March 2004. This area encompasses the main entrance and lobby, a chapel with movable seats to accommodate 50 persons, and an auditorium which seats 525. Also included in that phase are storage areas, a dressing room and a TV studio.
According to its mission statement, "Rooted in the Catholic faith and charism of Mercy, Gwynedd Mercy Academy High School educates, inspires, and empowers young women to be merciful in spirit, innovative in thought, and courageous in leadership."
Notable alumnae
Kate M. Harper 1974 - Pennsylvania State Representative
Gallery
See also
Gwynedd Mercy Academy Elementary
Notes and references
External links
School Website
Catholic secondary schools in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions established in 1861
Girls' schools in Pennsylvania
Schools in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
1861 establishments in Pennsylvania
Sisters of Mercy schools
Obukhov (; masculine) or Obukhova (; feminine) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Modern localities
Obukhov (rural locality), a khutor in Grushevskoye Rural Settlement of Aksaysky District in Rostov Oblast
Alternative names
Obukhova, alternative name of Obukhovo, a village in Gzhelskoye Rural Settlement of Ramensky District in Moscow Oblast;
Obukhova, alternative name of Obukhovo, a village in Stepankovskoye Rural Settlement of Shakhovskoy District in Moscow Oblast;
Obukhova, alternative name of Obukhovo, a village in Radovitskoye Rural Settlement of Shatursky District in Moscow Oblast;
Obukhova, alternative name of Obukhovo, a village in Krivtsovskoye Rural Settlement of Solnechnogorsky District in Moscow Oblast;
Obukhova, alternative name of Obukhovo, a selo in Obukhovsky Selsoviet of Pritobolny District in Kurgan Oblast;
See also
Obukhov No. 4, a rural locality (a khutor) in Bozhkovskoye Rural Settlement of Krasnosulinsky District in Rostov Oblast
Obukhov No. 7, a rural locality (a khutor) in Bozhkovskoye Rural Settlement of Krasnosulinsky District in Rostov Oblast
Intel Extreme Masters Season X – Cologne (or IEM Cologne) was an esports event held at the ESL Arena in Cologne from 18 to 20 December 2015. There was only a tournament for League of Legends.
Final standings
References
Sport in Cologne
2015 in esports
2015 in German sport
League of Legends competitions
Intel Extreme Masters
Amman Arab University is a university in Amman, Jordan. It is mainly for graduate studies.
Colleges
College of Education and Psychological Sciences
College of Information Technology
College of Business
College of Law
College of Pharmacy
College of Engineering
Presidents
Said Al-Tal (2000-2012)
Amin Mahmoud (2013-2013)
"Muhammad Subhi" Abu-Salih (2013-2013) (acting president)
Farid Abu Zina (2013-2014) (acting president)
Mahmoud Al-Sheyyab (2014-2014)
"Mohamed Nazieh" Hamdi (2014-2014) (acting president)
Omar Al-Jarrah (2014-2016)
Ghassan Kanaan (2016-2017) acting
Maher Saleem (2017-2020)
Khaled Al Tarawneh (2020-2020) acting
Mohammad Al-Widyan (current president)
References
External links
Amman Arab University website
Educational institutions established in 1999
Universities in Jordan
Amman Governorate
1999 establishments in Jordan
Sabelliphilidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Acaenomolgus Humes & Stock, 1972
Eupolymniphilus Humes & Boxshall, 1996
Myxomolgoides Humes, 1975
Myxomolgus Humes & Stock, 1972
Nasomolgus Sewell, 1949
Phoronicola Boxshall & Humes, 1988
Sabelliphilus Sars, 1862
Serpuliphilus Humes & Stock, 1972
Terebelliphilus Kim, 2001
References
Cyclopoida
General Sir Frederick Ivor Maxse, (22 December 1862 – 28 January 1958) was a senior British Army officer who fought during the First World War, best known for their innovative and effective training methods.
Early life
Ivor Maxse was the eldest of four children born to Admiral Frederick Maxse and Cecilia Steel. Their siblings were Olive Hermione Maxse, and editors Violet Milner, Viscountess Milner, and Leopold Maxse. Their maternal grandmother was Lady Caroline FitzHardinge, daughter of Frederick Berkeley, 5th Earl of Berkeley. They were a nephew of Sir Henry Berkeley Fitzhardinge Maxse
They were educated at Mr. Lake's Preparatory School in Caterham, Surrey from 1875 to 1877; Rugby School from 1877 to 1880 and Sandhurst from 1881 to 1882.
Early military career
Maxse was commissioned into the 7th Royal Fusiliers in 1882. They transferred to the Coldstream Guards in 1891, and served in the Egyptian Army where they were present at the Battle of Atbara and the Battle of Omdurman. In November 1899 they were in command of the 13th Sudanese Battalion during the operations leading to the defeat of the Khalifa at the Battle of Umm Diwaykarat (mentioned in despatches 25 November 1899). In recognition of their service in the Sudan, they received the brevet promotion to lieutenant-colonel on 14 March 1900. They then served in the Second Boer War (1899-1901) as a lieutenant-colonel and staff officer in the Transport Department in South Africa. They later commanded the first battalion of the Coldstream Guards from 1903 to 1907. In 1910, they were promoted to command of the 1st (Guards) Brigade.
The Great War
Division commander
In the First World War, as a divisional commander, they led the 18th (Eastern) Division when it took all its objectives on the First Day of the Battle of the Somme. They achieved this in part by hiding the division in no man's land before the battle was joined and having them closely follow the creeping barrage towards the German line. They were "probably the best fighting division possessed by the British Army in September 1916", recruited from volunteers from London and the south-east.
Corps commander
In January 1917, Maxse was given command of XVIII Corps, commanding them during the Battle of Passchendaele.
Maxse's XVIII Corps also took part in Fifth Army's defence against the German Spring Offensive, beginning on 21 March 1918. At 10.45am on 22 March Gough issued written orders to corps commanders to retreat, if heavily attacked, to the forward line ("the Green Line" in front of the Somme – in practice little more than a line of signposts and wire) of the Rear Zone. Fifth Army staff also informed corps commanders of the impending French reinforcement and Gough's hopes to withdraw III Corps to form a reserve. On receiving these messages at around noon, Maxse ordered XVIII Corps to withdraw immediately, without cover of artillery fire, and they fell back behind the Somme altogether that evening. Gough attempted to halt Maxse's withdrawal when they heard of it, but it was too late. Watts XIX Corps on Maxse's left also had to fall back.
By 24 March reinforcements – Robillot's II French Cavalry Corps (whose formations were in fact mainly infantry) — were beginning to take their place in Maxse's line. Maxse was able to hold on with the help of a counterattack by "Harman's Detachment": remnants of 2nd and 3rd Cavalry Divisions, 600 assorted infantry under a Royal Horse Artillery Officer and 8 Lewis Gun detachments from a Royal Engineer balloon Company.
Fifth Army planned a counterattack by four British brigades and 22nd French Division against a bridgehead which the Germans had made over the Somme at Pargny (threatening a breach between Watts' and Maxse's Corps). The planned counterattack did not take place as General Robillot refused to cooperate, despite a personal visit from Maxse on the morning of 25 March.
On 26 March Maxse was maintaining their place in the line, despite pressure from the French to join them in retreating south-westwards. A messenger, Paul Maze, had to be sent to the headquarters of the French General Humbert, with orders to get back XVIII Corps artillery which had been lent temporarily to the French, with orders not to leave until they had obtained written orders for its return.
Inspector General of Training
Maxse's speciality was training and they were moved from field command in June 1918, to become Inspector General of Training to the British Armies in France and the UK, to impose uniformity of training in preparing men for the combination of assault and open warfare that was to characterise the Hundred Days Offensive. Haig had them to dinner at the start of their appointment. Amongst other reforms, in September they increased the size of platoons from 3 sections back to 4 (2 of them equipped with Lewis guns), reversing a decision made in June.
Views on the Germans
During the negotiations for an armistice with Germany, Maxse claimed in a letter that:
The Hun is only wishful for peace in order to recover military power and be ready to launch a more successful attack at some opportune moment in the dim future. Their heart is by no means altered. That is their nature. Recognise it. It is no use blaming them for their natural temperament, but it is wicked not to recognize what it is. Their history during four wars proves it – i.e. 1864, 1866, 1870, 1914 – covering altogether a period of 64 years, two generations! They had but one objective and said so – world power...To prevent it we must crush and humiliate their Army which means their motive...let no sentimental gush be expended on the dirty Hun.
After the War Maxse was still concerned with what they perceived to be the dangerous potential of Germany. Presciently, they wrote in January 1919: "They are incapable of fighting but I am still more convinced that they will quickly recover – say in ten years? And that when they do recover they will be just the same Huns as they have been, with the result that they will revert to militarism which is the only thing they do really understand". Maxse provoked controversy when they gave a speech in November to the annual dinner of the York Gimcrack Club in which they said of the scheme for a League of Nations: "For myself, I don't understand it, and I prefer a League of Tanks to a League of Nations".
Later military career
After the War they became General Officer Commanding 9th Army Corps, stationed with the British Army of the Rhine in Germany. They went on to be General Officer Commanding-in-Chief for Northern Command from 1919 to 1923; they retired in 1926.
Later life
In 1899 Maxse had married Lady Mary Caroline Wyndham, daughter of Henry Wyndham, 2nd Baron Leconfield of Petworth House, West Sussex.
They set up their own fruit growing company (Maxey Fruit Company) in Little Bognor, Fittleworth, near Petworth, which was successful. They were colonel of the Middlesex Regiment from 1921 to 1932.
They had a stroke in 1956 which incapacitated them and they moved to a nursing home in Pendean, West Lavington in Sussex until their death in 1958.
They were an atheist.  They are buried at St Mary's Church, Fittleworth, West Sussex.
Legacy
In their memoirs, Basil Liddell Hart described Maxse as:
...short and dark, with a sallow complexion, small deep-set eyes, and a long drooping moustache, which gave them the look of a Tartar chief—all the more because the descriptive term 'a Tartar' so aptly fitted their manner in dealing with lazy or inefficient seniors and subordinates. … Maxse seized the salient points of any idea with lightning quickness, although occasionally misjudging some point because of too hasty examination. Their fierce manner concealed a very warm heart, and they particularly liked people who showed that they were not afraid of him. They were always ready to encourage and make use of new ideas.
The military historian Correlli Barnett said Maxse was "One of the ablest officers of their generation, a man of originality and drive, and a formidable personality".
Notes
References
John Baynes, Far From A Donkey. The Life of General Sir Ivor Maxse. KCB, CVO, DSO (London: Brassey's, 1995).
(a biography of Gough)
Jonathan Nicholls, Cheerful Sacrifice: The Battle of Arras 1917 (Barnsley: Pen & Sword Books, 2006).
Sheffield, Gary, "The Chief" (Aurum, London, 2011) (a biography of Haig)
UK National Archives, online
External links
Who's Who: Sir Ivor Maxse
General Sir (Frederick) Ivor Maxse, 1862–1958
|-
|-
1862 births
1958 deaths
British Army generals
Burials in Sussex
Military personnel from London
People educated at Rugby School
Graduates of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
British Army personnel of the Mahdist War
British Army personnel of the Second Boer War
British Army generals of World War I
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
English atheists
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Deputy Lieutenants of Sussex
Royal Fusiliers officers
Coldstream Guards officers
Ivor
People from Fittleworth
Jalil Khazal (Arabic: جليل خزعل; born 1 January 1960) is an Iraqi poet, writer and a researcher specializing in literature and child education. Born in Baghdad, they have written more than 80 books for children and has composed tens of songs, theater plays, cartoons and animated films, shows, radio programs and television programs for children.
Education
Khazal received a master's degree in Education and Psychology from the College of Education, University of Baghdad.
Career
Khazal began publishing in the mid-seventies of the twentieth century, and was writing thoughts, poems and stories for adults which were published in several local newspapers and magazines. Daily newspapers had allocated sections for children back then, so Jalil sent one of their poems and it was quickly published, and their poems were read on a television program that was about reading the daily newspapers. Khalil was encouraged and sent another poem, which was also published, which earned them a permanent place for writing in the children's sections. Hussein Qadroui had also sung one of Khazal's poems on TV, which was their start with children's songs. Two of their poems were also chosen to be included in the school curriculum for the primary stage, so they started specializing in writing for children. After graduating from university, they worked in teaching and was appointed editor at the Children's Culture House, after which they climbed the ranks until they got promoted and became editor-in-chief.
Khazal has published several children's books in the fields of poetry, stories, illustrated stories and scientific books, in addition to dozens of research papers, studies and press articles regarding children's literature and culture. They have also written dozens of songs, plays, animated films, and radio and television series.
Khazal held the position of managing editor of the magazine "Majalati" for children at the Children's Culture House in Baghdad, "Habibi" magazine and director of the publishing department in the same house, and "Mizmar" magazine.
They also supervised the children's section in the Iraqi magazine "IMN", issued by the Iraqi Media Network Al Iraqiya. They also became the head of the Children's Literature Club in the General Union of Writers and Writers in Iraq, as well as the Research and Studies Department at the Institute of Music Studies of the Department of Musical Arts in the Iraqi Ministry of Culture, and they are the founder and an official of the Childhood Research Unit at the House of Wisdom in Baghdad.
As an academic, they worked as a lecturer for children's literature in the Kindergarten Department of the College of Education for Girls at the University of Baghdad, and their texts are taught in the curriculum of kindergarten and primary stages, institutes and universities in Iraq and other Arab countries.
Khazal has won many local and Arab awards for their literary works for children. Their works have been printed in most countries of the Arab world, and have been translated into English, German, Italian, Kurdish, Persian and Japanese. They were chosen among three distinguished poets in the world in 2018, where three of their poems were published in the book "The Year of the Poet 2018" in the United States after being translated into English.
Memberships
Member of the Union of Iraqi Writers and Writers
Member of the Iraqi Journalists Syndicate
Member of the Union of Arab Writers and Writers
Member of the Union of Arab Journalists
Member of the International Federation of Journalists
Member of the Iraqi Teachers Syndicate
Member of the Iraqi Musicians Union
Member of the National Committee for Education
Member and founder of the Iraqi Centre for Children's Culture, Baghdad
Awards and honours
Khazal is the record holder in the number of creativity awards granted by the Ministry of Culture in Iraq.
First Prize, Child Song Contest, Baghdad, 1977.
First Prize, Child Welfare Authority, Children's Poetry, Baghdad, 1994.
Creativity Award in Children's Literature, Ministry of Culture, Baghdad 1998.
Creativity Award in Children's Literature, Ministry of Culture, Baghdad 1999.
Creativity Award in Children's Literature, Ministry of Culture, Baghdad 2000.
Creativity Award in Children's Literature, Ministry of Culture, Baghdad 2001.
Silver Award, Cairo International Festival, 2002, for a group of songs and animated films.
First Prize, Competition of the First Martyr Muhammad Baqir Al-Sadr, Children's Poetry, 2008.
Children's Poetry Award, House of Cultural Affairs, Ministry of Culture, 2012.
First prize, competition of the Arab Theater Authority in Sharjah, competition for writing theatrical text directed to the child, 2013, for their text “The Gift of the Bird”.
Best Words and Poems Award, Al Husseini Little Festival for the Fifth Child Theater, Karbala, 2019.
First Prize, Animation Forum, Cairo, 2019, for the movie "The Dream of Olives" (Jalil Khazal wrote the lyrics of their songs).
Second prize, English Language Olympiad, Amman, 2019, for the Mermaid play.
Writings
References
Iraqi writers
21st-century Iraqi poets
21st-century Iraqi novelists
1960 births
Living people
20th-century Iraqi poets
HPM.1 is Hardware Platform Management IPM Controller Firmware Upgrade Specification of PICMG. This specification describes firmware upgrade procedure into PICMG IPM Controllers (Not PICMG 3.0 Shelf Management Controller (ShMC)), as specified in the
specifications AdvancedTCA,
AdvancedMC and MicroTCA specifications. An Upgrade Agent (Ex:ipmitool) upgrades firmware via any IPMI interfaces (IPMB-0 or IPMB-L, LAN, UART or any Shelf-Carrier Manager). The specification also describes format of upgrade image. The upgrade image can contain one or more than one component's firmware. The upgrade agent upgrades the component's firmware one by one. The IPM controller can have more than one component (U-Boot, Linux, rfs, FPGA, etc.). The firmware upgrade procedure contains three stages (Preparation Stage, Upgrade Stage, and Activation Stage). In preparation stage Upgrade Agent gets target capabilities and all component properties. Then it compares this information with Upgrade image. If there is a mismatch, Upgrade Agent abandons the firmware upgrade. Otherwise it moves into Upgrade stage. In Upgrade stage upgrade agent sends all components firmware one by one. After successfully receiving the firmware, IPM controller waits for activation. In Activation stage Upgrade Agent activates newly uploaded firmware. If self-test is supported by IPM controller, then it is invoked. If self-test fails, IPM controller automatically rolls back to previous firmware. If IPM controller does not support automatic roll back, operator or Upgrade Agent has to initiate the manual roll back.
References
PICMG. "Reference". PICMG 3.0 HPM.1 R1.0 Specification. http://www.picmg.org
External links
Official AdvancedTCA Site
Official PICMG Site
What is ATCA?
Interoperable Firmware Upgrades for PICMG Management Controllers
Computer networking
Computer buses
Telecommunications equipment
Connie Bruck is an American journalist and a reporter on subjects covering business and politics. They have been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1989. Before joining The New Yorker, they were a staff writer at The American Lawyer for nine years. Them stories have also appeared in The Washington Post, The New York Times, and The Atlantic Monthly.
Bruck is married to Mel Levine, a lawyer and former American politician.
Awards and recognition
Them article on Ivan Boesky in The Atlantic won the 1984 John Hancock Award for excellence in business and financial reporting.
Them profile of Newt Gingrich in The New Yorker titled "The Politics of Perception" won the 1996 National Magazine Award for Reporting.
Bruck's article "Deal of the Year" in The New Yorker won the 1991 National Magazine Award for Reporting and the Gerald Loeb Award for Magazines.
Bruck won a second Gerald Loeb Award for Magazines in 2013 for "Cashier du Cinema" in The New Yorker.
Bibliography
Books
Master of the Game: Steve Ross and the Creation of Time Warner, Simon & Schuster, New York, 1994,
When Hollywood Had a King: The reign of Lew Wasserman, who leveraged talent into power and influence, Random House, New Hork, 2003,
Essays and reporting
References
External links
Booknotes interview with Bruck on When Hollywood Had a King: The Reign of Lew Wasserman, Who Leveraged Talent into Power and Influence, July 20, 2003.
Living people
American business and financial journalists
American political journalists
The New Yorker staff writers
Gerald Loeb Award winners for Magazines
Year of birth missing (living people)
Robin A. Abbott (born January 20, 1953 in Orlando, Florida) is an American politician, consumer rights advocate, and attorney. A Democrat, they served in the Virginia House of Delegates 2010–2012, representing the 93rd district in Newport News and James City County on the Virginia Peninsula. They won the seat in the 2009 elections by defeating Republican incumbent Philip A. Hamilton; it was one of the two Democratic pickups that year.
Biography
After graduating from high school in 1970, Abbott moved to Washington, D.C., and worked for the Federal Bureau of Investigation as a stenographer and the United States Department of Justice as a legal secretary. They worked as a paralegal for over 25 years, later enrolling simultaneously at Thomas Nelson Community College (TNCC) and Christopher Newport University. They graduated from TNCC, magna cum laude, in 1997, with an Associates of Arts degree. They graduated from Christopher Newport University, magna cum laude, in 1998, with a Bachelor of Science degree in governmental administration. They later graduated from the College of William and Mary School of Law, and was admitted to the Virginia State Bar.
Abbott was elected as a representative for the 93rd District, Newport News and James City County, in the Virginia House of Delegates of the General Assembly in November 2009.  They are a consumer advocate and attorney who has lived in Newport News for over two decades and is a partner in the law firm Consumer Litigation Associates, P.C. with offices in Newport News and Fairfax.  They are married to Gary Abbott and has four children.
Abbott is a member of the National Association of Consumer Advocates (NACA) and in that capacity has fought against mortgage lenders in foreclosure cases. They have served as a speaker/panelist at State and National Seminars and consumer law courses. A large part of their law practice has been the representation of enlisted service members in Hampton Roads and they have also taught Navy and Army JAG consumer law programs.
Abbott worked as a Member of the Legal Poll Monitor Team for the 2008 Presidential Election on behalf of the Obama Campaign, served as an Officer and Youth Coordinator for the Peninsula Chapter of Operation Smile, served as Chairman of the Fat Tire Duathlon and Co-Chairman of the Strawberry Jam Festival, collectively raising over $1M benefiting Operation Smile. They served on the Board of Thomas Nelson Community College from 2007 to 2009 and served on the Board of The Hampton Newport News Community Services Board from 2007 to November 2009.  They are an active member of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic Church in Newport News, Virginia, where they serve as a Eucharist Minister and assists in many other ministries benefiting their community. Most recently Robin was awarded the Dana B. Hamel Award by Thomas Nelson Community College for their support of higher education.
References
External links
Official Bio
Official website
1953 births
Living people
People from Orlando, Florida
Virginia Democrats
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
People from Hampton Roads
William & Mary Law School alumni
Christopher Newport University alumni
Women state legislators in Virginia
Thomas Nelson Community College alumni
The Last Harvest was an exhibition of Rabindranath Tagore's paintings to mark the 150th anniversary of Tagore's birth. It was commissioned by the Ministry of Culture, India and organised with the National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA). It consisted of 208 paintings drawn from the collections of Visva Bharati and the NGMA. The exhibition was curated by art historian R. Siva Kumar. Asia Art Archive later classified the exhibition as a "world event".
Within the 150th birth anniversary year it was conceived as three separate but similar exhibitions, and travelled simultaneously in three circuits. The first selection was shown at Museum of Asian Art, Berlin, Asia Society, New York, National Museum of Korea, Seoul, Victoria and Albert Museum, London, The Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, Petit Palais, Paris, Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Moderna, Rome, National Visual Arts Gallery (Malaysia), Kuala Lumpur, McMichael Canadian Art Collection, Ontario, National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi, National Gallery of Modern Art, Mumbai.
An illustrated catalogue, titled The Last Harvest: Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore, with essays by international Tagore experts was published to accompany the exhibition. The book covered Tagore's art and other aspects of their work and life.
The International tour of Rabindranath Tagore's Paintings
Reception
The Last Harvest received highly appreciable reviews across the globe. The British newspaper Daily Telegraph reported,"Tagore is such a fascinating figure that for the fans of their work the art will illuminate their poems and fictions; and for those coming cold, this (The Last Harvest) serves as a delightful introduction." The Independent rated the exhibition as one of the five best shows
to have opened in London in 2011. Mumbai Boss declared it the best museum exhibition saying, "At this gathering of about 100 works, one of the largest since their death, fluidly curated by historian R. Siva Kumar, the viewer was given a peek into a less assured Tagore, as a 60-something artist, who used their innate sense of linguistic artistry to permeate their at-times fantastical works. There were animals invented, idyllic landscapes, portraits and drawings that showed them to have an astonishing grasp of what it meant to endow a visual expression with the same raw beauty as its written equivalent." Daily News and Analysis reported, "Tagore's imagination created paintings that underline their sheer genius. Yet, they were untitled, left to viewers to interpret." According to The Times of India, The Last Harvest was "A rare display of artworks by Tagore". "Like a skipping stone, Tagore's style glanced off a variety of inspirations – wood-cuts, surrealist imagery, North American folk art – and yet was sharply distinctive. The Last Harvest, curated by Professor Raman Siva Kumar of Visva-Bharati University, presents one of the most elaborate exhibitions of Tagore's paintings that we've seen." reported Firstpost.
See also
Rabindra Chitravali
Kala Bhavana
References
Indian paintings
Memorials to Rabindranath Tagore
Art exhibitions in India
2012 in India
2012 in art
SV Waldkirch is a German amateur football club from Waldkirch, Baden-Württemberg. Founded in 1908, the team plays in the Verbandsliga Südbaden in the sixth tier of the German football league system.
History
The club has long been a non-description amateur side. In 1960 it earned promotion to the tier three Amateurliga Südbaden but lasted for only one season before being relegated again. The club returned to the league in 1965 and played again as a lower table side until winning a league championship in 1969. It marked the club's strongest area with another league championship the year after, a second place in 1971 and a South Baden Cup win in 1972. The club declined after this and was relegated again in 1974.
The club played outside the regions top league for the next 35 years until 2010 SVW earned promotion to the tier six Verbandsliga Südbaden for the first time, where it plays today.
As the winners of the 2014 South Baden Cup, the club played in the 2014–15 DFB-Pokal. In the first round on 16 August, it lost 3–0 at home to SpVgg Greuther Fürth of the 2. Bundesliga.
Honours
South Baden Cup
Winners: (2) 1972, 2014
Amateurliga Südbaden (III)
Champions: (2) 1969, 1970
Runners-up: 1971
Landesliga Südbaden 2 (VII)
Champions: 2010
Recent seasons
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier.
Key
References
External links
Official website
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Baden-Württemberg
1908 establishments in Germany
Association football clubs established in 1908
Polyommatini is a tribe of lycaenid butterflies in the subfamily of Polyommatinae. These were extensively studied by Russian novelist and lepidopterist Vladimir Nabokov.
Genera
Genera in this tribe include:
Actizera
Acytolepis
Afarsia
Agriades
Alpherakya
Aricia – arguses
Azanus – babul blues
Bothrinia
Brephidium
Cacyreus
Caerulea
Caleta
Callenya
Callictita
Castalius – Pierrots
Catochrysops
Catopyrops
Cebrella
Celastrina
Celatoxia
Chilades – jewel blues
Cupido
Cupidopsis – meadow blues
Cyaniris
Cyclargus
Danis
Discolampa
Echinargus
Eicochrysops
Eldoradina
Elkalyce
Epimastidia
Erysichton
Euchrysops – Cupids
Eumedonia
Euphilotes
Famegana
Freyeria
Glabroculus
Glaucopsyche
Grumiana
Harpendyreus
Hemiargus
Icaricia
Iolana
Ionolyce
Itylos
Jameela
Jamides – ceruleans
Kretania
Lampides
Lepidochrysops
Leptotes – zebra blues
Lestranicus
Luthrodes
Lycaenopsis – hedge blues
Lysandra
Madeleinea
Maurus
Megisba
Micropsyche
Monodontides
Nabokovia
Nacaduba
Neolucia
Neolysandra
Neopithecops
Notarthrinus
Nothodanis
Oboronia
Orachrysops
Oraidium
Oreolyce
Orthomiella
Otnjukovia
Palaeophilotes
Pamiria
Paraduba
Paralycaeides
Parelodina
Patricius
Perpheres
Petrelaea
Phengaris
Philotes
Philotiella
Phlyaria
Pistoria
Pithecops
Plautella
Plebejidea
Plebejus
Plebulina
Polyommatus
Praephilotes
Prosotas
Pseudochrysops
Pseudolucia
Pseudonacaduba
Pseudophilotes
Pseudozizeeria
Psychonotis
Ptox
Rhinelephas
Rimisia
Rueckbeilia
Rysops
Sahulana
Sancterila
Scolitantides
Shijimia
Sidima
Sinia
Sinocupido
Subsolanoides
Talicada
Tartesa
Tarucus – blue Pierrots
Thaumaina
Theclinesthes
Thermoniphas
Tongeia
Turanana
Tuxentius – pied Pierrots
Udara
Una
Upolampes
Uranobothria
Uranothauma
Zintha – blue-eyed Pierrot
Zizeeria
Zizina
Zizula
References
Butterfly tribes
Gol Tappeh (; also known as Kul Tepe) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Cross Green is a mainly industrial area of Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is around on a hill to the south east of Leeds city centre, with the A63 road (Pontefract Lane) running through the middle and dividing it into a residential estate with playing fields and housing to the north, and a large industrial estate to the south. The area lies in the LS9 Leeds postcode area between Osmondthorpe, Richmond Hill and Hunslet.
Leeds RERF
An area north of Pontefract Lane formerly housed the main Leeds wholesale markets, one for meat, one for fish, fruit and vegetables. This was redeveloped into a facility for converting household waste into energy which opened in April 2016, and handles all the black bag bin waste from Leeds. This is called the Leeds Recycling and Energy Recovery Facility (RERF), and is operated by Veolia. The main building itself is distinctive in appearance, because of its arched timber beam construction and a Green wall on the South side, and won the Project of the Year award at the Structural Timber Awards 2015.<ref name=YPDec2015.
Residential Area
This consists of 450 homes, largely traditional terraced and back-to-back houses on Cross Green Lane and streets north of it. It is home to Leeds GATE (Gypsy And Traveller Exchange). A school, Cross Green Comprehensive School, became Copperfields College, but has now been demolished.
The Anglican Church of St Hilda and its vicarage are both Grade II Listed Buildings. It is a red brick church by J. T. Micklethwaite, dating from 1881.
Notable people
It was the birthplace in 1942 of the poet Barry Tebb.
See also
Listed buildings in Leeds (Burmantofts and Richmond Hill Ward)
References
Places in Leeds
Rashenny railway station served Rashenny in County Donegal, Ireland.
The station opened on 1 July 1901 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Carndonagh.
It closed for passengers on 2 December 1935.
Routes
References
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1901
Railway stations closed in 1935
1901 establishments in Ireland
1935 disestablishments in Ireland
The Government Delegation for Gender Violence (, DGVG) is a department of the Secretariat of State for Equality of the Spanish Department of Equality responsible for formulating the central government policy against the different forms of violence against women and promoting, coordinating and advising on all the measures carried out in this matter.
The DGVG is headed by a Delegate of the Government, a civil servant with the rank of director-general appointed by the Monarch with the advice of the Minister of the Equality. The Government Delegation is structured through a central organization integrated by two deputy directorates-general and a decentralized network of gender violence units.
The Delegation of the Government manages the national registers of gender violence victims; the women register was created in 2003 and the childs register in 2013. Since its creation, it has recorded more than 1,030 women and 34 minors murdered in this kind of violence.
History
The Government Delegation for Gender Violence was first devised in 2004 during the first term of prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero. During this term, Zapatero's government proposed and the parliament approved the Organic Act 1/2004, of 28 December, on Integral Protection Measures Against Gender Violence, a law that in its section 29 foresaw a Special Government Delegation against Violence against Women integrated in the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs. The Delegation was officially created on March 4, 2005. The organ was granted the rank of directorate-general and its first holder was Encarnación Orozco, a Labour Law expert and Socialist Parliamentary Group's Legal Cabinet advisor. As such, they took part in the drafting of the Act against Gender Violence.
In the second term of Zapatero's premiership, in 2008, the unit was renamed Government Delegation for Gender Violence and it was transferred to the Ministry of Equality. It was endowed with two deputy directorates-general, one for Planning and Inter-institutional Coordination and other for Preventing and Managing of Gender Violence Knowledge.
However, in 2010, due to the economic crisis, the Equality Ministry was dismantled and its responsibilities were assumed by the newly created Secretariat of State for Equality, a component of the Ministry of Health, Social Policy and Equality. In 2018, the Secretariat of State and its units were transferred to the Ministry of the Presidency, Relations with the Cortes and Equality due to the great importance that the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Presidency, Carmen Calvo, gives to equality policies since she, within the Socialist Party, was the maximum person in charge of these responsibilities.
Government delegates
In accordance with the Organic Act on Integral Protection Measures Against Gender Violence which creates this organ, its holder is entitled before the courts of justice to intervene in defense of the rights and interests protected in said law in collaboration and coordination with the Administrations with competence in the field.
Since 2005, this has been the holders of the office:
Encarnación Orozco (2005–2008)
Miguel Lorente Acosta (2008–2011)
Blanca Hernández (2011–2017)
María José Ordóñez (2017–2018)
Pilar Llop (2018–2019)
Rebeca Palomo Díaz (2019–2020)
Victoria Rosell (2020–)
Organization chart
The following units depend on the Government Delegation:
The Deputy Directorate-General for Sensitization, Prevention and Knowledge of Gender Violence, to which corresponds the exercise of the functions of social awareness and the prevention of all forms of violence against women. It also administers the gender violence data provided by the different administrations as well as manages the national registers of victims.
The Deputy Directorate General for Inter-Institutional Coordination in Gender Violence, to which corresponds the exercise of the functions of impulse of the application of the principle of transversality of the measures destined to fight against the different forms of violence against women, ensuring that, in its application, the specific needs and demands of the victims are taken into account. In this sense, this unit creates specific protocols to coordinate the different Spanish public administrations.
National Network of Coordination and Violence on Women Units
The Government Delegation manages the National Network of Coordination and Gender Violence Units, a set of units integrated in the Government Delegations, Government Sub-delegations and Insular Directorates for the territorial execution of the central government's policy regarding gender violence.
Units of Violence against Women
These units are integrated in the Sub-delegations and Insular Directorates and, within the province or island in which they are located, are responsible for:
Monitoring and coordination of the resources and services of the General State Administration for the attention of gender violence situations in the territory.
Collaboration with the competent regional and local administrations in the field of gender violence.
Personalized monitoring of each situation of gender violence.
Actions in relation to fatalities due to gender violence.
Participation in information campaigns, awareness and prevention of gender violence.
Intervention within the framework of the Master Plan for the Improvement of Coexistence and School Safety.
Promotion and collaboration in the training and specialization of professionals.
Monitoring of the resources and services of the General State Administration for the attention of situations of woman trafficking for the purpose of sexual slavery, as well as collaboration with the regional and local administrations in this matter.
Monitoring of the resources and services of the General State Administration for the attention of other forms of violence against women (female genital mutilation, forced marriages, etc.)
Any other action entrusted to it by the Government Delegation for Gender Violence.
Coordination Units against Violence against Women
These units are integrated into the Government Delegations of the regions with more-than-one provinces, and are responsible for:
To direct and coordinate the activities of the Units of Violence on Women existing in the territorial scope of its Autonomous Community.
To have knowledge of the actions carried out by the Violence Units of its Autonomous Community for the performance of its functions.
To establish criteria for action in its Autonomous Community so that the Violence Units on Women function in a coordinated and uniform manner. Likewise, they may request reports from the Violence Units regarding actions, meetings, etc., whenever they deem it convenient.
To coordinate the work of the Violence Units in order to prepare the reports requested by the Government Delegation for Gender Violence.
To know the reports prepared by the Units of Violence on Women that are sent by them to the Government Delegation for Gender Violence, as well as to other Institutions and Organizations.
To integrate information on the activities carried out by the Violence against Women Units, in order to prepare the annual report of activities of the corresponding Autonomous Community.
To convene the necessary coordination meetings with the Violence Units. In addition, the Coordination Units against Violence against Women perform the functions of the Violence Units in the provinces where this Unit does not exist.
Organizations attached
The State Observatory on Violence on Women.
Fatal victims
There are currently two official records, one for women, created in 2003 and other for minors, created in 2013. Since January 1, 2003, 1,033 women have been murdered in Spain by their romantic partners or ex-partners. Since 2013, 34 minors have been murdered in Spain as a consequence of gender violence against their mother.
References
Government of Spain
2005 establishments in Spain
Violence against women in Spain
Equality rights
Tolton may refer to:
People:
Augustine Tolton or Augustus Tolton (1854–1897), the first black Roman Catholic priest in the United States
Edwin Tolton (1856–1917), a farmer, grain merchant and political figure in Ontario, Canada
Other:
Father Tolton Regional Catholic High School, a high school Columbia, Missouri
Edward Tolton House, a property on the National Register of Historic Places in Beaver County, Utah, United States
Tolton Center, an adult education outreach program that is part of the De La Salle Institute in Chicago, Illinois, United States
Patdi is a town and former princely state on the Saurashtra peninsula in Gujarat, western India.
History
Patdi used to be an estate in prant of Eastern Kathiawar.
Ruling Desai Patel Shris
.... - .... Bhamjibhai
.... - .... Udekaramji
.... - .... Bhavsimhji
.... - 1796 Nathubhai
1796 - 1809 Vakhatsimji Nathubhai
1809 - .... Harisimhji
.... - .... Arbhamji Harisimhji
.... - .... Kubersimji Vakhatsimhji
1848 - 1875 Jorawarsimhji
1875 - 1884 Himmatshimji Jorawarsimhji
10 July 1884 - 5 August 1913 Surajmalji Jorawarsimhji (b. 1848 - d. 1913)
5 August 1913 – 25 Oct 1928 Daulatsimhji Surajmalji (b. 1881 - d. 1928)
25 Oct 1928 – 2 Jan 1940 Raghuvirsimhji Daulatsimhji (b. 1926 - d. 1940)
2 Jan 1940 – 17 Dec 1941 Naransimhji Chandrasimhji (b. 1873 - d. 1941)
17 Dec 1941 - 15 August 1947 Pratapsimhji Naransimhji (b. 1895 - d. 1978)
Economy
The main business of Patdi is salt production and related products. It provides a salt transportation channel to India.
Patdi provides the best market for the consumer needs of neighbouring villages. It also provides a farmers' market and cotton processing units.
Transport
The town is located 90 km west of Ahmedabad in Ahmedabad district with a population of approximately 20,000. Ahmedabad International Airport is the nearest airport, located 90 km away. Patdi has a lesser frequency of train connections. The nearest station having enough trains is Viramgam (30 km).
Patdi town is on the edge of Little Rann of Kachchh, the inner fort of Patdi, which is secured by dip water and city suburbs. Patdi is also known for its Surajmalji highschool.
Climate
Due to the neighbouring "Desert", the climate is dry but not much different from other parts of Gujarat. Patdi was the first state in India which had electricity by private rajwadas.
References
Cities and towns in Surendranagar district
Taluka of Surendranagar
Illustrated may refer to:
Classics Illustrated
Cook's Illustrated
Fiction Illustrated
Frost Illustrated
Hero Illustrated
Horns Illustrated
Illustrated Life Rhodesia
Lloyd's Illustrated London Newspaper
Marvel Illustrated
Mechanix Illustrated
Military Illustrated
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Railroads Illustrated
Science Illustrated
Sports Illustrated
Sports Illustrated Kids
The Illustrated American
The War Illustrated
Illustrated Magazine or The Illustrated Magazine may refer to:
Hutchings' Illustrated California Magazine, San Francisco
The English Illustrated Magazine, London
Illustrated News or The Illustrated News may refer to:
Canadian Illustrated News, Montreal
The Illustrated Australian News
The Illustrated London News
The Illustrated Police News, London
Illustrated Police News (Boston)
Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News, London
Illustrated Sydney News
The Illustrated War News, London
Illustrated Daily News may refer to:
Illustrated Daily News (Los Angeles), or Los Angeles Daily News (1923-1954) in Los Angeles, later merged to Los Angeles Mirror
Illustrated Daily News (New York), in New York, earlier title of the New York Daily News
Illustrated Weekly or The Illustrated Weekly may refer to:
Redpath's Illustrated Weekly
The Illustrated Times Weekly Newspaper
The Illustrated Weekly Hudd
The Illustrated Weekly of India
Weekly Illustrated
Illustrated Monthly or The Illustrated Monthly may refer to:
Hutchings' Illustrated California Magazine, San Francisco
The English Illustrated Magazine, London
Other languages
Berliner Illustrirte Zeitung, Germany
Illustreret Folkeblad, Norway
Illustreret Nyhedsblad, Norway
Illustreret Tidende, DenmarkL'Illustré, FranceLe Monde illustré, FranceLe Petit Français illustré, France
See also
CNN Sports Illustrated, or CNN/SI, was a 24-hour sports news network. It was created by Time Warner, bringing together its CNN and Sports Illustrated brands and related resources. It was launched on December 12, 1996
The Illustrated Man (film), a 1969 American dark science fiction drama film directed by Jack Smight
News Illustrated, a full-page information graphic that runs every Sunday in the South Florida Sun-SentinelPenny Illustrated Paper'', a cheap (1d.) illustrated weekly newspaper that ran from 1861 to 1913
Disambiguation pages
Illustrated Magazine (disambiguation)
Illustrated News (disambiguation)
Illustrated Weekly (disambiguation)
In mathematics, the Chung–Fuchs theorem, named after Chung Kai-lai and Wolfgang Heinrich Johannes Fuchs, states that for a particle undergoing a random walk in m-dimensions, it is certain to come back infinitely often to any neighborhood of the origin on a one-dimensional line (m = 1) or two-dimensional plane (m = 2), but in three or more dimensional spaces it will leave to infinity.
Specifically, if a position of the particle is described by the vector :
where are independent m-dimensional vectors with a given multivariate distribution,
then if , and , or if and ,
the following holds:
However, for ,
References
.
"On the distribution of values of sums of random variables" Chung, K.L. and Fuchs, W.H.J. Mem. Amer. Math. Soc. 1951 no.6, 12pp
Physics theorems
Pierre Brugière (3 October 1730 – 7 November 1803) was a French priest and Jansenist, who supported the French Revolution and the reforms it sought to bring to bear on the Catholic Church.
Brugière was born at Thiers. They were chaplain of the Ursulines and Canon in their home town when their refusal to sign the formula of the acceptation of the Papal Bull Unigenitus forced them to leave. They went to Paris where for twelve years they remained with the community of St. Roch. A strongly Jansenistic book which they wrote, Instructions catholiques sur la dévotion au Sacre-Coeur (Paris, 1777), brought this connection to an end. When the Revolution broke out they welcomed it with enthusiasm. They wrote two books strongly calling for reform: Doléances des églisiers and Relation sommaire et véritable de ce qui s'est passé dans l'Assemblée du clergé (1789).
Brugière gladly took the Constitutional Oath on the day fixed, 9 Jan., 1791, as required by the Civil Constitution of the Clergy. Elected curé of St. Paul's they defended the civil constitution against episcopal and papal censures in their Discours patriotique au sujet des brefs du pape and La lanterne sourde (aimed at François de Bonal, Bishop of Clermont). However, that they condemned the marriage of priests which the Constitution was trying to allow. Against this practice they wrote their Réflexions d'un curé, and Lettre d'un curé (1791), and together with several other constitutionals they denounced its advocates without mercy in Le nouveau disciple de Luther (1792). This brochure was aimed at Aubert, a married priest appointed by Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Gobel curé of St. Augustin.
Brugière's preaching placed them in the hands of the revolutionary tribunal, and it was while they were imprisoned they wrote to their followers the Lettre d'un cure du fond de sa prison à ses paroissiens (1793). Set at liberty, they continued their pastoral ministrations in spite of the charge of treasonable conduct, a dangerous thing in those days. But their ministrations were of a novel kind. Mass was said and the sacraments were administered by them in French, and in support of that singularity an appeal was made to the people, Appel au peuple francais (1798)
Brugière had rebuked the bishops who condemned the oath. They had likewise rebuked the priests who married. Now they were no less violent against the "Jurors" (those who had signed the oath) who began to retract. They attended the two councils of 1797 and 1801 which were trying hard to sustain the faltering Constitutional Church, and they founded a society for its protection: Société de philosophie chrétienne. Even after the promulgation of the Concordat of 1801 they clung to the then dead Constitutional Church. They died in Paris.
Besides the works already mentioned, Brugière wrote a number of pamphlets and left many sermons which were published after their death: Instructions choisies (Paris, 1804). Two contemporaries, the Abbé Massy and the Christian Brother Renaud, wrote their life under the title Mémoire apologétique de Pierre Brugière (Paris, 1804).
References
Jansenists
1730 births
1803 deaths
18th-century French Roman Catholic priests
Dast Feshad (, also Romanized as Dast Feshād and Dastfeshād; also known as Dasht Feshād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 47 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Yu Chongwen (; 15 February 1924 – 12 June 2022) was a Chinese scientist who was a professor at the China University of Geosciences, and an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
Biography
Yu was born in Shanghai, on 15 February 1924, while their ancestral home is in Ningbo, Zhejiang. They secondary studied at Shanghai Nanyang High School. In 1944, they entered National Southwestern Associated University and graduated from the Department of Geology, Peking University in 1950. They stayed at the university and worked as an assistant after graduation. In 1952, they joined the faculty of China University of Geosciences, where they founded the Department of Geochemistry later and was promoted to professor in 1980.
On 12 June 2022, they died from an illness in Beijing, at the age of 98.
Honours and awards
1988 State Science and Technology Progress Award (Second Class) for ore controlling conditions, material composition and distribution of tungsten, lead, zinc and other non-ferrous rare metal deposits in Nanling area
1995 Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS)
Publication
References
1924 births
2022 deaths
Chinese geochemists
Scientists from Shanghai
National Southwestern Associated University alumni
National University of Peking alumni
Peking University faculty
China University of Geosciences faculty
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
The women's doubles tennis event at the 2014 Asian Games took place at the Yeorumul Tennis Courts, Incheon, South Korea from 24 September to 29 September 2014.
Schedule
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Results
Final
Top half
Bottom half
References
Draw
External links
Official website
Tennis at the 2014 Asian Games
Echium brevirame is a species of flowering plants of the family Boraginaceae. It is endemic to the Canary Islands, where it is restricted to the island of La Palma.
It is a low woody shrub, average height , maximum height . The leaves are leathery, spiny and lance-shaped. Its flowers are white and sit in a compact inflorescence.
References
brevirame
Flora of La Palma
Endemic flora of the Canary Islands
Garden plants of Africa
The Banggai Regency () is a regency located at the eastern end of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It makes up a re-established regency (kabupaten), created in 1999 by splitting the existing Banggai Regency into this smaller Banggai Regency situated on the mainland of Sulawesi (capital, Luwuk) and a new Banggai Islands Regency comprising the offshore islands (capital, Banggai town) which are separated from mainland Sulawesi by the Peleng Straits (Selat Peleng). The residual Banggai Regency covers an area of 9,672.70 km2 and had a population of 323,626 at the 2010 census and 362,275 at the 2020 census; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 366,224.
Administration
At the time of the 2010 census, the Banggai regency was divided into eighteen districts (kecamatan). Subsequently, another five districts have been created by the division of four existing districts in 2012 and 2015. The twenty-three districts are tabulated below with their areas and their 2010 and 2020 census populations, together with the official estimates as at mid 2021. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of villages in each district (291 rural desa and 46 urban kelurahan in total), and its post code.
Notes: (a) The 2010 populations of Luwuk Utara and Luwuk Selatan districts are included in the figure for Luwuk district, from which they were split away in 2015 and 2012 respectively.(b) The 2010 population of Nambo district is included in the figure for Kintom district, from which it was split away in 2012.(c) The 2010 population of Mantoh district is included in the figure for Lamala district, from which it was split away in 2012.(d) The 2010 population of Balantak Utara district is included in the figure for Balantak district, from which it was split away in 2012.
References
External links
In scientific computation and simulation, the method of fundamental solutions (MFS) is a technique for solving partial differential equations based on using the fundamental solution as a basis function. The MFS was developed to overcome the major drawbacks in the boundary element method (BEM) which also uses the fundamental solution to satisfy the governing equation. Consequently, both the MFS and the BEM are of a boundary discretization numerical technique and reduce the computational complexity by one dimensionality and have particular edge over the domain-type numerical techniques such as the finite element and finite volume methods on the solution of infinite domain, thin-walled structures, and inverse problems.
In contrast to the BEM, the MFS avoids the numerical integration of singular fundamental solution and is an inherent meshfree method. The method, however, is compromised by requiring a controversial fictitious boundary outside the physical domain to circumvent the singularity of fundamental solution, which has seriously restricted its applicability to real-world problems. But nevertheless the MFS has been found very competitive to some application areas such as infinite domain problems.
The MFS is also known by different names in the literature, including the charge simulation method, the superposition method, the desingularized method, the indirect boundary element method and the virtual boundary element method.
MFS formulation
Consider a partial differential equation governing certain type of problems
where is the differential partial operator, represents the computational domain, and denote the Dirichlet and Neumann boundary, respectively,
and .
The MFS employs the fundamental solution of the operator as its basis function to represent the approximation of unknown function u as follows
where denotes the Euclidean distance between collocation points and source points , is the fundamental solution which satisfies
where denotes Dirac delta function, and are the unknown coefficients.
With the source points located outside the physical domain, the MFS avoid the fundamental solution singularity. Substituting the approximation into boundary condition yields the following matrix equation
where and denote the collocation points, respectively, on Dirichlet and Neumann boundaries. The unknown coefficients can uniquely be determined by the above algebraic equation. And then we can evaluate numerical solution at any location in physical domain.
History and recent developments
The ideas behind the MFS were developed primarily by V. D. Kupradze and M. A. Alexidze in the late 1950s and early 1960s. However, the method was first proposed as a computational technique much later by R. Mathon and R. L. Johnston in the late 1970s, followed by a number of papers by Mathon, Johnston and Graeme Fairweather with applications. The MFS then gradually became a useful tool for the solution of a large variety of physical and engineering problems.
In the 1990s, M. A. Golberg and C. S. Chen extended the MFS to deal with inhomogeneous equations and time-dependent problems, greatly expanding its applicability. Later developments indicated that the MFS can be used to solve partial differential equations with variable coefficients. The MFS has proved particularly effective for certain classes of problems such as inverse, unbounded domain, and free-boundary problems.
Some techniques have been developed to cure the fictitious boundary problem in the MFS, such as the boundary knot method, singular boundary method, and regularized meshless method.
See also
Radial basis function
Boundary element method
Boundary knot method
Boundary particle method
Singular boundary method
Regularized meshless method
References
External links
International Center for Numerical Simulation Software in Engineering & Sciences
Numerical analysis
Numerical differential equations
Lycurgus Luther Marshall (July 9, 1888 – January 12, 1958) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1939 to 1941.
Biography
Born in Bucyrus, Ohio, Marshall attended the public schools, and graduated from Ohio Wesleyan University, Delaware, Ohio, in 1909 and from the law department of Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio, in 1915. They were admitted to the bar in 1915 and commenced practice in Cleveland, Ohio.
Political career
They served as member of the Ohio House of Representatives in 1921 and 1922, and in the Ohio State Senate from 1923 to 1935. They also served as member of the Euclid (Ohio) School Board for eight years.
Marshall was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-sixth Congress (January 3, 1939 – January 3, 1941).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1940 to the Seventy-seventh Congress, and thereafter resumed the practice of law.
Death
They died in Aurora, Ohio, January 12, 1958, and was interred in Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland, Ohio.
Sources
1888 births
1958 deaths
American Lutherans
People from Bucyrus, Ohio
Politicians from Cleveland
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Case Western Reserve University School of Law alumni
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Lawyers from Cleveland
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century Lutherans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Charles Roderick Furbush (born April 11, 1986) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Detroit Tigers and Seattle Mariners.
Early life and career
Furbush was born in South Portland, Maine and attended South Portland High School. They went on to St. Joseph's College of Maine, where they were recruited to play at Louisiana State University. In 2005 and 2006, they played collegiate summer baseball for the Hyannis Mets of the Cape Cod Baseball League, where they threw a no-hitter, was named the western division's starting pitcher in the league all-star game, and was named the top New England prospect in 2006. While with Louisiana State in 2007, Furbush went 3–9 with a 4.95 ERA in 16 starts, striking out 88 batters in 87 innings. They were drafted by the Tigers in the fourth round of the 2007 amateur draft and began their professional career that year.
Furbush appeared in 12 games between the GCL Tigers and West Michigan Whitecaps in 2007, making 10 starts and going 6–1 with a 2.34 ERA, striking out 69 batters in innings. They did not pitch in 2008 due to recovery from Tommy John surgery. With the Lakeland Flying Tigers in 2009, Furbush went 6–7 with a 3.96 ERA in 24 games (23 starts). They split 2010 between the Lakeland Flying Tigers, (13 starts), Erie SeaWolves (five starts) and Toledo Mud Hens (nine starts), going a combined 8–9 with a 4.25 ERA. They struck out 183 batters in 159 innings.
Major league career
On May 21, 2011, Furbush was called up for the first time to replace Brad Thomas who went on the 15-day disabled list with left elbow inflammation. They made their Major League debut on May 23, 2011, after coming into relief for starter Phil Coke who appeared to hurt their ankle slipping on the wet grass after a short start of only innings pitched and a 1–0 Tigers deficit against the Tampa Bay Rays. Furbush issued a base on balls to the first batter they faced, Sean Rodriguez, to load the bases. They then struck out Felipe López and Kelly Shoppach to end the inning. They pitched innings, allowing two hits, one base on balls, and three strikeouts before being replaced by Joaquín Benoit for the start of the eighth inning. The Tigers came back to score two runs under Furbush and eventually won the game 6–3, earning Furbush a win in their first Major League game. On June 30, Furbush was moved to the starting rotation, replacing Phil Coke.
Seattle Mariners
On July 30, 2011, Furbush was traded to the Seattle Mariners along with outfielder Casper Wells, prospect Francisco Martínez and player to be named later Chance Ruffin from the Detroit Tigers for David Pauley and Doug Fister.
On June 8, 2012, they were one of six pitchers who combined for a no-hitter.
On December 17, 2013, Furbush signed a one-year contract extension with the Seattle Mariners. They appeared a career-high 71 games for the 2013 Mariners, posting a 3.74 ERA and compiling 80 strikeouts in 65 innings.
On August 10, 2016, Furbush announced that they would have surgery to fix a partially torn rotator cuff, with an expected recovery time of 12–18 months. They did not pitch in the 2016 season. On November 2, Furbush was outrighted to the minors. After being removed from the 40-man roster, Furbush elected free agency on November 4.
Retirement
On March 7, 2019, Furbush announced their retirement from baseball. In January 2022, it was reported that they were selling advertising time for Seattle radio station ESPN 710 and was said by one 710 staffer to be "a great dude"
Pitching style
Furbush throws a steady mix of five pitches. They lead with a four-seam fastball in the 88–93 mph range, and they have a sinker with similar speed that they throw mostly to right-handed hitters. Their main off-speed pitch to lefties is a curveball at 76–79 mph, although they also like to mix in a slider at 80–85 mph. Against righties, Furbush usually drops the slider in favor of an 80–84 mph changeup. Against hitters from both sides of the plate, Furbush relies heavily on their curveball in 2-strike counts.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Detroit Tigers players
Seattle Mariners players
Baseball players from Maine
LSU Tigers baseball players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Sportspeople from South Portland, Maine
Saint Joseph's College of Maine alumni
Hyannis Harbor Hawks players
Gulf Coast Tigers players
West Michigan Whitecaps players
Lakeland Flying Tigers players
Erie SeaWolves players
Toledo Mud Hens players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Everett AquaSox players
South Portland High School alumni
Typhloscolecidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Phyllodocida.
Genera:
Acicularia Langerhans, 1877
Nuchubranchia Treadwell, 1928
Plotobia Chamberlin, 1919
Sagitella Wagner, 1872
Travisiopsis Levinsen, 1885
Typhloscolex Busch, 1851
References
Polychaetes
HMS Abastor was a Royal Navy training establishment involved in the planning of PLUTO, the undersea pipeline that supplied the allied troops with fuel during the liberation of Europe in 1944. It was situated at Tilbury, Essex. There was another PLUTO training establishment under the name HMS Abatos at Woolston, Southampton.
Abastor's nominal depot ship was the NAB Interlude (43627), a Naval Auxiliary Boat which took the form of a petrol-driven harbour launch. It was in service as a depot ship from November 1, 1943 through til July 1945, which was when it was transferred back to being a harbour launch.
References
Royal Navy shore establishments
Royal Navy bases in England
Military installations established in 1943
Military installations closed in 1945
History of Thurrock
Military history of Essex
Federal Medical Centre, Owerri is a public health care centre located in Owerri city in Imo State, southeastern Nigeria.
History
In 1903, Federal Medical Centre, Owerri was founded as a colonial dispensary. It was promoted to a District Hospital, then a General Hospital, before finally becoming a federal medical centre in 1995.
It is a 700-bed capacity hospital.
References
Hospitals in Nigeria
Hospitals established in 1903
Arbab Muhammad Zahir (12 October 1945 – 25 July 2016) was a Pakistani politician who served as Member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 1990 to 1996 and again from 2008 to 2013. They had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa from 1985 to 1988 and again from 1997 to 1999.
Early life and education
Arbab Mohammed Zahir was born to politician Arbab Noor Mohammad Khan on 12 October 1945.
They received their early education from Aitchison College, Lahore They received degree in bachelor of law from Khyber Law College, University of Peshawar and completed their master's degree in law from the United States.
Political career
After completion their education, they entered in politics assisted their father. They were elected to Peshawar district council in 1983 local government elections and became the vice chairperson of the council.
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (then known as Provincial Assembly of the North-West Frontier Province) in 1985 Pakistani general election.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan as an independent candidate from Constituency NA-3 (Peshawar-III) in 1988 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 385 votes and lost the seat to Sardar Ali Khan, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as an independent candidate from Constituency PF-7 (Peshawar-VII) and Constituency PF-8 (Peshawar-VIII) but was unsuccessful. They received 4,910 votes from Constituency PF-7 (Peshawar-VII) and lost the seat to Iftikhar Ahmad Khan, a candidate of PPP. They received 3,748 votes from Constituency PF-8 (Peshawar-VIII) and defeated Haji Abdur Raziq, a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP).
They joined the ANP around 1990 and was elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of ANP from Constituency NA-3 (Peshawar-cum-Nowshera) in 1990 Pakistani general election. They received 38,730 votes and defeated Abdul Latif, a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Alliance (PDA).
They were re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of ANP from Constituency NA-3 (Peshawar-cum-Nowshera) in the 1993 Pakistani general election. They received 36,134 votes and defeated Sardar Ali, a candidate of PPP.
They were re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa as a candidate of ANP from Constituency PF-8 (Peshawar-VIII) in the 1997 Pakistani general election. They received 7,008 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Pirzada Sayeedul Amin.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate of ANP from Constituency NA-4 (Peshawar-IV) in 2002 Pakistani general election, but was unsuccessful. They received 16,660 votes and lost the seat to Sabir Hussain Awan, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
They were re-elected to the National Assembly as a candidate of ANP from Constituency NA-4 (Peshawar-IV) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 31,598 voted and defeated Muhammad Azam Afridi, a candidate of PPP. In November 2008, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was appointed as Minister of State for Defence in 2008 but was removed in 2009 because they could not attend office due to health problems. In June 2010, they were appointed as the federal minister for narcotics in 2010.
They were unable to contest the 2013 Pakistani general election due to health issues.
They died in 2016.
References
1945 births
2016 deaths
Awami National Party politicians
People from Peshawar
Pakistani MNAs 1993–1996
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 1990–1993
North-West Frontier Province MPAs 1985–1988
North-West Frontier Province MPAs 1997–1999
Stefano de Maza Gatto also known as Stefano Felis (baptised in Bari on 20 January 1538; 25 September 1603), was a Neapolitan Italian composer of the Renaissance, and the collaborator and probable teacher of composer Pomponio Nenna. They composed madrigals, sacred motets, and choral settings of the Mass.
Felis was born in Bari, in the province of Apulia of the Kingdom of Naples, where they became a canon at Santa Nicola. They later became Maestro di Cappella of the cathedral in Naples.
They accompanied the papal nuncio, Antonio Puteo, on a journey to the court of Rudolph II in Prague during the 1580s. It was in Prague that their first book of masses was published in 1588 by the printer Jiri Nigrin, and Felis later remarked upon their stay in Prague in the preface to their Sixth Book of Madrigals, published in Venice in 1591.
As an educator, Felis seems to have had a profound effect on the succeeding generation of musicians; Carlo Gesualdo, Giovan Battista Pace, Giovan Donato Vopa, and Pomponio Nenna are counted among their pupils.
In Pomponio Nenna's first published collection of madrigals, Il Primo Libro de madrigali à cinque voci, (c. 1603), there appear several madrigals by Felis. As a teacher, Felis might have allowed the young Nenna to add these works to their pupil's first publication, thereby ensuring its success.
Works
Madrigals
Harmonia celeste ... nelle quale si contene una scielta dei migliori madrigali che hoggidì si cantino, 1583
Al vostro dolce azuro
Nova beltà somma virtù
Musica Transalpina, 1588
Sleepe mine onely Jewell. (Sonno scendesti)
Thou bring'st them home. (Tu là ritorni)
Di Stefano Felis ... Il Sesto Libro de Madrigali a Cinque voci, 1591
Caro amoroso neo
Libro nono di madrigali a cinque voci novamente composti, et dati in luce, 1602
Amarilli, ove sei
Masses
Missa super voces musicales la sol fa mi re ut
Sheet music
Il primo libro de madrigali a sei voci Novamente composto & dato in luce. / Venetia, Gardano, 1579 RISM A/I; F 0211.; RISM B/I; 1579-05. (Contains works by Felis, Ridolfo Romano, G.F. Violanta.)
Il quarto libro de madrigali a cinque voci con alcuni a sei, & uno echo a otto nel fine, novamente composti, & dati in luce. / Venetia, Vincenzi & Amadino, 1585. RISM A/I; F 0212.; RISM B/I; 1585-23. (Contains works by Felis, G. de Macque, P. Nenna.)
Di Stefano Felis ... Il Sesto Libro de Madrigali a Cinque voci, con alcuni a Sei, et un dialogo a Sette nel fine, etc. Canto. (Alto.) (Tenore.) (Basso.) (Quinto.). / Venetia : Appresso l'Herede di G. Scotto. Ad istanzia de Scipione Rizzo, 1591. OCLC: 498809433 (This work also contains madrigals by F. di Monte, R. Rodio, S. Dentice and M. Affrem.)
Libro nono di madrigali a cinque voci novamente composti, et dati in luce. / Venetia, Vincenti, 1602. RISM A/I; F 0214.; RISM B/I; 1602-05. (Contains works by Felis, G.B. Vannelli.)
Harmonia celeste ... nelle quale si contene una scielta dei migliori madrigali che hoggidì si cantino / Antwerp, 1583.
Liber secundus motectorum quinis senis octonisque vocibus / Venetijs, Gardanum, 1585. RISM A/I; F 0206; RISM B/I; 1585-02 (Contains works by Felis, C. Gesualdo, R. Rocco)
Mottettorum cum quinque vocibus, liber tertius / Venetiis, Scoti, 1591. RISM A/I; F 0208; RISM B/I; 1591-02 (Contains works by Felis, S. Dentice, P. de Monte)
Liber quartus motectorum, quæ quinis, senis, ac octonis, concinuntur vocibus nunc primum impressus / Venetiis, Vincentium, 1596. RISM A/I; F 0209; RISM B/I; 1596-04 (Contains works by S. Felis and G.B. Vanelli.)
Musica Transalpina. Madrigales translated of foure, five, and sixe parts, chosen out of divers excellent Authors / Imprinted at London by Thomas East, the assigne of William Byrd, 1588. (Two works of Felis are here, with texts in English and Italian)
Stephani Felis regalis ecclesiæ S. Nicolai bariensis canonici liber quartus motectorum quæ quinis, senis, ac octonis, concinuntur vocibus, nunc primum impressus. / Venetiis : Vincentium, 1596. RISM A/I; F 0209; RISM B/I; 1596-04 (Contains works by S. Felis and G.B. Vanelli.)
Sacrarum symphoniarum continuatio diversorum excellentissimorum authorum quaternis, V. VI. VII. VIII. X. & XII. vocibus tàm vivis, quam instrumentalibus accommodata. / Noribergæ : Kaufmann, 1600. Edition: Octava vox. OCLC: 314296648 (Includes works by several others)
Manuscripts
Landeskirchliches Archiv in Nürnberg. Manuscript. St. Egidien 53. Choirbook, 1582. (Includes masses by Stuberus, Stephano Felis Barensi, Orlandus, Philippus Schondorff, Phillipe de Monte, and Jachet de Mantua)
California. San Marino. Huntington Library. MSS EL 25A (after 1602) (Contains one 5-part madrigal, "Amarilli ove sei")
References
Hoagland, Bruce D. A study of selected motets of Stephano Felis: v. 1. Stephano Felis, their life and their music. Analysis of the motets – v. 2. Transcription of the motets : Book II ; Book III ; Book IV. / Thesis (D.M.A.), Conservatory of Music. University of Missouri, Kansas City, 1966.
Bux, Nicola. Fonti per la storia della liturgia, Volume 5 / Edipuglia srl, 1991, pg. 73 ff. ,
Lindell, Robert. "Music and patronage at the Court of Rudolf II", in Music in the German Renaissance: sources, styles, and contexts, edited by John Kmetz / Cambridge University Press, 1994. ,
External links
Harmonia celeste Two madrigals by Stefano Felis on keyboard
Renaissance composers
Italian classical composers
Italian male classical composers
1538 births
1603 deaths
People from Bari
Buona Vista MRT station is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the East West line and Circle line in Queenstown, Singapore. This station is close to one-north, a high technology business park for the biomedical science, infocomm technology and media industries. It is located near the junction of North Buona Vista Road, Commonwealth Avenue and Commonwealth Avenue West.
History
Buona Vista station opened on 12 March 1988, as part of Phase 1B of the MRT line which runs from Outram Park to Clementi. The station was initially planned to be linked to a Light Rail Transit line that would have served residents living near the area, as well as students from the National University of Singapore and Singapore Polytechnic, as announced by Singapore's then-Communications Minister Mah Bow Tan. However, it was eventually not built due to its lack of economic viability.
Following the 25 March 2005 accident, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) made the decision in 2008 to install platform screen doors in this station, whereby operations commenced on 10 June 2011.
Circle line interchange
With the construction of the Circle line from 11 January 2005, the bridge was demolished and replaced with a newer one. The second level of the East West line station was also converted into a transfer level between the two lines. The Circle line platforms were opened on 8 October 2011, while the two new exits share the same location as the original one.
Circle Line Art in Transit
The artwork featured under the Art in Transit programme is The Tree of Life by Gilles Massot. Located on the lift shaft in the underground station, the artwork depicts a eucalyptus tree located at the nearby Kent Ridge Park that has been digitally edited to create an effect similar to David Hockney's photo montages. The tree also represents the jungle greenery which used to exist next to the above-ground station and is a result of the deep impression left on the artist of the landscape and view of the area.
References
External links
1988 establishments in Singapore
Queenstown, Singapore
Railway stations opened in 1988
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
The 1987 Brown Bears football team was an American football team that represented Brown University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Brown finished second in the Ivy League.
In their fourth season under head coach John Rosenberg, the Bears compiled a 7–3 record but were outscored 160 to 144. Walt Cataldo and Mark Donovan were the team captains.
The Bears' 5–2 conference record placed second in the Ivy League standings. They outscored Ivy opponents 117 to 97.
Brown played its home games at Brown Stadium in Providence, Rhode Island.
Schedule
References
Brown
Brown Bears football seasons
Brown Bears football
The 2nd tier in the Bolivian Football pyramid consists of 9 regional leagues (one for each department), the number of participants varies depending on the department, It usually has between 8 and 12 teams. Both winner and runner-up of each league compete in the Copa Simón Bolívar, with the winner of such tournament gaining promotion to the 1st Division, and the runner-up playing a play-off match with the 11th placed team in the 1st Division. Until 1976 all 8 regional championships (Pando didn't have an organized tournament at the time) were the top in the national football pyramid, with the winner of the Copa Simón Bolívar being crowned as national champion.
The oldest regional championship is the one played in La Paz, it started in 1914 and it was considered for many years as the top Bolivian league, even more when it turned into a semi-pro tournament in 1950 and started including teams from Oruro and Cochabamba.
6 teams with the best average qualify for Aerosur Cup 2010 Qualifying Round.
Changes from last season
From Bolivian Football League 2008
Promoted to Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano 2009
Nacional Potosí
Relegated to Regional League
Guabirá
Champions and Runner-up from Primera A (Regional League)
Group phase
Group A1
Group A2
Group B1
Group B2
Group C
Quarterfinals
The ties are played in two legs, with the first leg taking place on 31 October 2009 and the second leg being played on 7 November 2009. Each club will play one leg at home. The winners on aggregate will advance to the semifinals. In case of both teams being tied on aggregate after both matches a penalty shootout will be conducted.
|}
First Leg
Second Leg
Semi-Finals
In this Round Stomers San Lorenzo qualified as the best loser
|}
First Leg
Second Leg
Final
|}
First Leg
Second Leg
References
2009 in Bolivian football leagues
Copa Simón Bolívar seasons
Radical 44 or radical corpse () meaning "corpse" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 148 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 51st indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5C38
044
051
Minute to Win It is an American television game show which features contestants playing simple games with common household items in an attempt to win a cash prize. The series originally ran on NBC with host Guy Fieri and was revived in 2013 on Game Show Network (GSN) with Apolo Ohno presenting the show.
The series premiered on NBC on March 14, 2010, airing the first two episodes back-to-back. A second season began on December 7, 2010. On May 13, 2012, NBC announced that the show would not be renewed for a third season. On February 4, 2013, GSN green-lit a revival of the series, and the first season began airing on June 25, 2013. A second season of the GSN version premiered on February 25, 2014.
Gameplay
Contestants are presented with a blueprint for the first challenge (level) and must successfully complete a game within 60 seconds to move past the first level and advance to the next level. The challenges are games that require contestants to perform tasks with various household items (such as releasing a balloon's air to blow a certain number of plastic cups off of a table, or rolling marbles at an upright-standing pencil in order to knock it over). Contestants who can complete all ten challenges win the show's top prize ($1,000,000 in the NBC version, $250,000 in the GSN version).
The difficulty of the games progressively increases throughout the show. If time expires or the conditions of the game cannot be fulfilled (such as exhausting any allotted attempts or breaking a rule within a challenge), the contestant loses a "life", three of which are provided throughout the game. Contestants who lose all three of their lives have their game end and their winnings drop to the previous milestone they passed. After successfully completing a game, contestants can leave with the amount of money already won before seeing the blueprint for their next level. If they elect to play the game, however, they cannot walk away until that level is complete or they have exhausted all three of their lives.
Episodes featuring celebrity contestants competing for charities and teams of two contestants tweak these rules slightly. In celebrity episodes, all levels are milestones, while in episodes featuring teams of two contestants, some games are played by both, while others are played solo. A contestant can only make three consecutive attempts at solo games (including re-attempts following losing a life; an intervening team game does not reset this count). After a contestant makes three attempts, the other contestant is forced to attempt the next solo game.
Special editions
Besides celebrity specials and editions featuring teams, other special editions have been conducted by the NBC version of the series. To begin the show's second season, three special Christmas-themed episodes were produced and aired in December 2010. For these specials, two extra games were added, with the 11th game worth $2,000,000 and the 12th game worth $3,000,000. In addition, some games contained a "Holiday Bonus," in which a contestant won a gift if the level is passed. A visual representation of the gift was placed inside of a box, which was opened if and when the level was successfully completed. The gifts included an extra life, an extra ten seconds to be used during a challenge, and a bonus prize.
The series also featured other episodes that featured twists to the format. In "Head to head" matches, two teams of two players compete against each other in a best-of-seven match. Winning a challenge earns the team a point; the first team to four points wins a guaranteed $50,000 and a chance to play for the million starting from Level 6 with three lives remaining. In "Last Man Standing" episodes, 10 contestants play against each other; the one with the worst result at the end of the challenge is eliminated. This continues until there is one contestant left. The winner wins $100,000 and plays a million-dollar game for a chance to win the top prize. In addition, during a few summer episodes, one member of the audience would be selected to play a million-dollar game at the end of the episode.
Payout structure
Successfully completing a level is worth a specific cash prize. Contestants who successfully complete levels on milestones (prize amounts in bold) are guaranteed to leave with no less than the cash award at that level should they fail any later stunts. Gold indicates the top prize. Dark Green indicates that the challenge was the Christmas level 11 or 12 and a milestone.
Notable contestants
Kevin Jonas was the first contestant to beat level eight and subsequently attempt & reach level nine.
Kimberly Fox and Aaron Hendrick became the first contestants to beat level nine, however not attempting level ten.
The Bishop Family became the first contestants to attempt level ten via the regular game, beating all nine previous levels, instead of through the million dollar mission,last man standing competitions or head to head.
Production
About two years before the series premiered on NBC, Guy Fieri's agent, who had attended a meeting in France, contacted him, pitching to them the idea of hosting the show. Fieri was eventually chosen to host the series, and the show premiered with two back-to-back episodes on March 14, 2010, airing 27 new episodes through September of that year. The second season, which consisted of 41 episodes, began on December 7, 2010, with a Christmas special. Executive producers for the NBC versions included Craig Plestis, Tim Puntillo, Mattias Olsson, Jock Millgårdh and Estelle Bodén. On May 13, 2012, NBC canceled the series, electing not to renew it for a third season.
Shortly after the NBC version's cancelation, reruns of Minute to Win It began airing on Game Show Network (GSN) July 24, 2012. Citing the NBC version's ratings success in reruns, the network announced plans to produce a revival of the series on February 4, 2013. The GSN version was hosted by American speed skating champion Apolo Ohno, with Michael Binkow serving as executive producer. The first season premiered on June 25, 2013, although a full episode sneak preview was shown on May 23, 2013. The series then went on a short hiatus, returning to air new episodes (advertised as a second season) February 25, 2014.
Reception
In a pre-broadcast review, Cinema Blend's Kelly West praised Fieri's "enthusiastic" performance and their ability to interact well with contestants. West also noted that the show could do well with families and viewers who have a preference to non-intellectual game shows; however, West criticized the challenges for needing "little to no skill" to accomplish. In October 2010, Minute to Win It was awarded the C21/Frapa Award for best "studio based game show" format at the MIPCOM Television Festival in France.
Alyssa Davis of Hollywood Junket called the GSN version of the series "decent;" however, they also provided some slight criticism of Ohno's hosting, arguing that while "he is likable," their "personality is not strong enough to host a game show."
Ratings
The NBC version's ratings were generally average, with episodes toward both the beginning and end of the series' run generally earning between five and six million viewers. Ratings for the GSN version were slightly better than average for the network's standards. The May sneak preview earned 452,000 viewers, while the first two new episodes debuted to a combined total of 875,000 viewers, with 525,000 at 8:00 and 350,000 at 9:00. The GSN version would later climb to a series high of 596,000 viewers on August 6, 2013, while serving as a lead-in to the series premiere of The Chase.
Merchandise
The first licensed merchandise for the series was a video game produced by Zoo Entertainment, which was released for the Nintendo DS, Wii, Kinect for Xbox 360, and iOS devices on November 2, 2010. In May 2011, NBCUniversal agreed to a deal with Wendy's allowing the restaurant to release kid's meal toys based on five challenges seen on the actual show. Other home versions based on the series' format include a board game and card game format of the show, both released by Mattel in 2011 and 2012 respectively, and an "Ultimate Party Pack" released by Sportscraft featuring many of the game's challenges. A summer and holiday activity guide were also released.
See also
Beat the Clock
The Cube
References
External links
(NBC, at the Wayback Machine)
(GSN, at the Wayback Machine)
(NBC)
(GSN)
Minute to Win It
2010 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
2013 American television series debuts
2014 American television series endings
2010s American game shows
Game Show Network original programming
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television series by Fremantle (company)
American television series revived after cancellation
The 1992–93 Women's European Champions Cup was the 32nd and final edition of Europe's competition for national champions women's handball clubs, taking place September 1992 and 15 May 1993. Starting with the following edition the competition was run by EHF, which changed its name to Champions League and its system to include a group stage. Defending champion Hypo Niederösterreich defeated Vasas Budapest in the final to win its fourth title in five years.
Qualifying Round
First round
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
References
Women's EHF Champions League
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1992-93
Ihf Women's European Cup, 1992-93
Eur
Eur
El Capo is the seventh studio album by American rapper Jim Jones. It was released on May 31, 2019 via Vamp Life, Roc Nation and EMPIRE Distribution. Produced entirely by The Heatmakerz, it features guest appearances from Marc Scibilia, Cam'ron, Trav, Ball Greezy, Benny the Butcher, Conway the Machine, Curren$y, Dave East, Drama, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Fred the Godson, Guordan Banks, Jadakiss, Juelz Santana, Maino, Philthy Rich, Rain910 and Rick Ross.
The deluxe edition of the album was released on November 27, 2020 with fifteen extra songs.
Background
Jones first announced the album's release date on May 28 through their instagram, and revealed it was to be produced entirely by the Heatmakerz.
Track listing
All tracks produced by the Heatmakerz.
Charts
References
2019 albums
Jim Jones (rapper) albums
Empire Distribution albums
Albums produced by the Heatmakerz
Povien Bluff (, ) is the ice-covered bluff rising to 1455 m between the upper courses of Marla and Diplock Glaciers, in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. Bezenšek Spur is projecting east-southeastwards from the peak.
The feature is named after the settlement of Povien in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Povien Bluff is located at , which is 9.5 km southwest of Mancho Buttress, 8.3 km west-northwest of Mount Roberts, 7.15 km north-northwest of Rayko Nunatak and 10.7 km southeast of Ebony Wall.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Povien Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Povien Bluff. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Sir Arthur Nicholas Winston Soames (born 12 February 1948) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Mid Sussex from 1997 to 2019, having previously served as the MP for Crawley from 1983 to 1997.
Soames was Minister of State for the Armed Forces from 1994 to 1997 in the government of John Major. They had the whip removed on 3 September 2019, for voting against the government, before it was restored on 29 October. Their main political interests are defence, international relations, rural affairs and industry.  They are a grandson of former prime minister Sir Winston Churchill.
Early life, education and military service
Soames was born in 1948 in Croydon, Surrey, the eldest son of Christopher Soames and Mary (née Spencer-Churchill).  They are a grandson of the British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, and a grandnephew of the founders of the Scout movement, Lord Baden-Powell and their wife Olave (née Soames). Their brother is industrialist Rupert Soames.
Simon Hoggart, writing in The Guardian, related an anecdote of Soames' childhood: "He gave me the true version of what I had always suspected was an apocryphal story. In or around 1953, when Soames was five, they didn't know how important their grandfather was until someone told him. So they walked up to the old man's bedroom, managed to get past the valets and the secretaries, and found them sitting up in bed.
'Is it true, grandpapa, that you are the greatest man in the world?' they asked.
'Yes I am,' said Churchill. 'Now bugger off.'"
After attending St. Aubyns Preparatory School in Sussex, Soames received their secondary education at Eton College. Later they studied at Mons Officer Cadet School before being commissioned into the 11th Hussars on 5 August 1967 on a Short Service Commission before serving in West Germany and Britain with the 11th Hussars and later the Royal Hussars. Soames was transferred to Regular Army Reserve of Officers on 9 March 1970 before resigning their commission on 5 August 1975.
Early career
In 1970, they were appointed equerry to Charles, Prince of Wales; they have remained a close friend of the Prince ever since, and publicly criticised Diana, Princess of Wales, during the couple's estrangement. When Diana first accused the Prince of Wales of adultery with Camilla Parker Bowles, Soames told the BBC that the accusation, and Diana's fear of being slandered by their husband's courtiers, stemmed merely from Diana's mental illness, and "the advanced stages of paranoia". Charles later admitted their adultery and Soames apologised.
In 1972, they left Kensington Palace and the army to work as a stockbroker. In 1974, they became a personal assistant; first to Sir James Goldsmith and then in 1976 to United States Senator Mark Hatfield, whose employ they left in 1978 to become a director of Bland Welch, Lloyd's Brokers. Between 1979 and 1981, they were an assistant director of the Sedgwick Group. They fought Central Dunbartonshire in Scotland in 1979, where Labour's Hugh McCartney defeated them by 12,003 votes.
Parliamentary career
Soames was elected as the MP for Crawley at the 1983 general election. They sat for Crawley until the 1997 general election (when Labour defeated the Conservatives in Crawley). In the 1997 election, they retained the constituency of Mid Sussex for the Conservatives after Tim Renton stood down at the election, and Soames remained the seat's MP from then until Parliament was dissolved in November 2019.
They served as a Parliamentary Secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food between 1992 and 1994, as Minister of State for the Armed Forces at the Ministry of Defence under Prime Minister John Major between 1994 and 1997, and later as the Shadow Secretary of State for Defence from 2003 to 2005.
In 2002 they were appointed to the parliamentary committee considering the future Hunting Act 2004 that banned hunting with dogs, a policy which they opposed.
On 9 May 2005, shortly after Michael Howard announced their intention to resign as leader of the Conservative Party, Soames resigned from the shadow cabinet.
With Frank Field they are a co-chairperson of the Cross-Party Group on Balanced Migration, and has advocated in parliament and in the media that immigration to and emigration from the UK should be brought into balance. In parliament they have also spoken in favour of the introduction of a national identity card scheme and advocated them in the national media.
Soames was opposed to Brexit prior to the 2016 EU membership referendum. In an interview before the referendum they described themselves as a One Nation Tory on the soft right of the party, and compared Brexiteers to 'a growling Alsatian that must be kicked really hard in the balls'.
In April 2019, Soames condemned the United States for recognizing Israel's 1981 annexation of the Golan Heights. Soames said it was "a matter of the greatest regret that our allies, the United States, are in clear contravention of UN Resolution 497", adding that "annexation of territory is prohibited under international law."
Soames endorsed Rory Stewart during the 2019 Conservative leadership election.
Allegations of sexism
According to the book Women in Parliament published in 2005, Soames has been named as the most prolific source of vulgar and sexist comments in the Houses of Parliament, with several female MPs stating that they have made vulgar comments to them. Soames regarded the claims as 'nonsense'. Barbara Follett said in 2007 that Soames was the worst of the sexist MPs in parliament.
On 31 January 2017, Soames made 'woofing' noises at Tasmina Ahmed-Sheikh when they were asking the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, a question in the House of Commons. Ahmed-Sheikh called a point of order to bring the speaker's attention to the noises. John Bercow, the speaker, described the noises as "discourteous and that expression should not be used", and Soames was asked to apologise. They did so, saying they were only offering them a "friendly canine salute" in reply to their "snapped" question.
Removal and restoration of whip
On 3 September 2019, Soames joined 20 other rebel Conservative MPs to vote against the Conservative government of Boris Johnson and pass a motion allowing backbenchers to take control of the House of Commons timetable in order to pass a bill to stop a no-deal exit from the EU without parliamentary approval. Effectively, they helped block Johnson's Brexit plan from proceeding on 31 October. Subsequently, all 21 were advised that they had lost the Conservative whip, expelling them as Conservative MPs, requiring them to sit as independents. If Soames had decided to stand for re-election in a future election, the party would have blocked their selection as a Conservative candidate.
Soames announced that they would not be standing in the next general election. On 29 October, Boris Johnson restored the whip for them and 9 other MPs.
Inheritance tax relief
In one edition of The Mark Thomas Comedy Product, Mark Thomas investigated the practice of avoiding inheritance tax by declaring art, furniture, homes and land available for public viewing. After discovering that Soames was claiming tax relief on a "three-tier mahogany buffet with partially reeded slender balustrade upright supports" on this basis, but without making any arrangements for the furniture to be inspected by the public, Thomas invented a 'National Soames Day' on which hundreds of people made appointments to see the furniture. In 2015, Thomas told The Independent'''s Adam Jacques: "I try to find the good in my enemies. It's not unusual to be able to get on with people despite what they are doing being awful. The only person I have met who I considered to be without any redeeming features was [...] Nicholas Soames. [...] They were such a pantomime baddie."
Aegis Defence Services
Soames was chairperson of the private security contractor Aegis Defence Services which was bought in 2015 by GardaWorld, for whom they now acts as a member of the International Advisory Board. Aegis had a series of contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars to provide guards to protect US military bases in Iraq from 2004 onwards. From 2011, the company broadened its recruitment to take in African countries, having previously employed people from the UK, the US and Nepal.
Contract documents say that the soldiers from Sierra Leone were paid $16 (£11) a day. A documentary, The Child Soldier's New Job, broadcast in Denmark, alleges that the estimated 2,500 Sierra Leonean personnel who were recruited by Aegis and other private security companies to work in Iraq included former child soldiers.
Other outside interests
They were a director of the liquidated company Framlington Second Dual Trust plc.
Soames is listed as a Director of The Amber Foundation.
Political funding
Mid Sussex Conservative Constituency Association has received over £1 million in donations, with Soames receiving well over £100,000 from private military company Aegis Defence Services Ltd from 2010 onwards. US multinational professional services, risk management and insurance brokerage firm Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc has given Soames £518,069 since 2010 in remunerations for their services as an MP. Soames has also received private donations from a variety of people, including £5,749 from Majlis As Shura, £10,000 from David Rowland, and £20,000 from Ann R. Said.
Meeting with Robert Mugabe
In October 2017, Soames was criticised by Labour MP Kate Hoey following a meeting with President Robert Mugabe while visiting Zimbabwe (formerly Southern Rhodesia). Zimbabwean media reported that the visit was "part of a private initiative of friends of Zimbabwe in the British establishment" to normalise relations between the two countries. Hoey, chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group on Zimbabwe, said that Soames' visit "pander[ed] to the vanity of a wily and ruthless dictator. [...] You can't have a private visit which is then front page of the newspapers in Zimbabwe." In response, Soames maintained that they had met Mugabe in a personal capacity, rather than as a representative of Them Majesty's Government. They said that their father, Lord Soames, who had overseen Southern Rhodesia's transition to independence as Zimbabwe, would not have forgiven them if they had not tried to meet the President.
Personal life
Family
Soames has been married twice. On 4 June 1981, they married Catherine Weatherall (sister of Percy Weatherall and Isobel, Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne) at St Margaret's, Westminster. The Prince of Wales served as best man and the wedding was attended by The Queen Mother, Princess Margaret and Lady Diana Spencer. They had one son before divorcing in 1988:
Arthur Harry David Soames (b. May 1985)
Their second marriage was on 21 December 1993 to Serena Smith (a niece of The Duchess of Grafton and daughter of Sir John Smith). They have two children:
Isabella Soames (b. 28 November 1996)
Christopher Soames (b. 11 January 2001)
Their brother, Rupert Soames, is the CEO of outsourcing company Serco.
Driving offences
On 15 May 2008, Soames pleaded guilty to riding a quad bike on a public road without motor insurance. Since they had several previous offences on their licence, they were disqualified from driving for two months, fined £200, and ordered to pay a £15 victim surcharge and costs of £35 by magistrates.
In 2012, they were disqualified from driving for a fortnight for speeding at 51 mph in a 30 mph residential area. Soames was also fined £666, plus £85 court costs and a £15 victim surcharge. According to The Argus'', a Sussex paper, it was "the third time they have been caught flouting traffic laws in four years".
Honours
On 13 July 2011, Soames was sworn of the Privy Council. This gave them the honorific prefix "the Right Honourable" for life.
They were knighted in the 2014 Birthday Honours for political service.
References
External links
Nicholas Soames MP – official constituency website
Sussex MP paid £220,000 for four extra jobs, theargus.co.uk; accessed 16 June 2014.
|-
|-
|-
1948 births
11th Hussars officers
English stockbrokers
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Independent members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom
English people of American descent
Graduates of the Mons Officer Cadet School
Knights Bachelor
Living people
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Eton College
People educated at St. Aubyns School
People from Croydon
Spencer family
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
UK MPs 2010–2015
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Equerries
Sons of life peers
Rivercourse is a hamlet in east-central Alberta, Canada within the County of Vermilion River. It is located west of Highway 17, approximately south of Lloydminster.
Demographics
The population of Rivercourse according to the 2015 municipal census conducted by the County of Vermilion River is 16.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of Vermilion River
Gaz Boland () is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The United Methodist Council of Bishops is the organization of which all active and retired Bishops in the United Methodist Connection are members. In the United Methodist system of polity, the Council of Bishops is the Executive Branch of United Methodist Church government.
Bishop Cynthia Fierro Harvey currently serves as president of the Council of Bishops. The bishops of The United Methodist Church, both individually and collectively through the Council of Bishops, provide spiritual leadership to more than 11 million United Methodists in a broad range of settings on four continents: North America, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Since the founding of the Methodist Episcopal Church at the Christmas Conference in Baltimore in 1784, United Methodist Bishops have presided over Annual and Central Conferences (regional areas of the church). They play an important leadership role in helping to set the direction of the church and its mission throughout the world. United Methodist Bishops preside over geographic areas of ministry, known as Annual Conferences, and supervise the appointment and ministry of each Annual Conference's clergy and the mission and ministry of each Annual Conference's congregations. Bishops are elected every 4 years (quadrennium) by each of the 5 Jurisdictional Conferences in the United States and the Central Conferences outside the United States. Once elected each Bishop is consecrated to the episcopacy for life and they serve in the Jurisdiction by which they were elected and consecrated. Just as all United Methodist clergy itinerate within the Annual Conference of which they are members, once elected Bishops itinerate within the Jurisdiction they are members of, serving a specific Annual Conference for 4 year terms, after which they may be reappointed or moved to another Annual Conference, on the recommendation of each Jurisdictional Committee on the Episcopacy and the authority of the full Jurisdictional Conference acting on those recommendations.
Bishops are responsible for supervising the ordination and character of the clergy under their leadership, and for fixing the appointment of each clergy member of an Annual Conference each year to a particular congregation, charge, circuit or other place of ministry and mission. The Bishop of each Annual Conference also presides over each session of the Annual Conference and is the executive officer of each Annual Conference. Each Bishop presides over a cabinet of District Superintendents, who are the Bishop's assistants who more directly supervise the ministry of clergy within each district within an Annual Conference. Districts are regionally based units within each Annual Conference, each of which is presided over by a District Superintendent (who must be an Elder in Full Connection with the Annual Conference in which they serve) and which has its own officers and structures that are accountable to the Bishop and the Annual Conference for the conduct of their mission and ministry.
While the United Methodist Council of Bishops is the Executive Branch of Church government, it is ultimately and only the General Conference of the United Methodist Church, which constitutes the Legislative Branch of Church government, that speaks for and sets the policies, missions and ministries of the United Methodist Church through its sole authority to maintain and change the United Methodist Discipline, the book that structures and rules United Methodism. Ultimately, the General Conference speaks for the United Methodist Church.
See also
College of Bishops
List of bishops of the United Methodist Church
Synod of Bishops
External links
United Methodist Council of Bishops Official Website
https://www.unitedmethodistbishops.org/
Wei Zhao () is a Chinese-American computer scientist who served as rector (president) of the University of Macau from 2008 to 2017. They currently serve as chief research officer and professor at the American University of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates.
Education
Zhao received their undergraduate degree in physics from Shaanxi Normal University in Xi'an, China in 1982. They then moved to the United States to study at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, where they earned their master's degree in computer science in 1983, and their PhD in 1986.
Career
From 1990 to 2007 Zhao was a faculty member of Texas A&M University, where they served as chair of the Computer Science Department from 1997 to 2001, and senior associate vice president for research from 2001 to 2007.
From 2007 to 2008 Zhao served as professor and dean of science at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. They moved to Macau in 2008 to take up the position of rector (president) of the University of Macau. They held the position for nine years before resigning at the end of 2017 to join the American University of Sharjah as chief research officer in 2018.
Awards
Zhao was elected an IEEE Fellow in 2001.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Chinese computer scientists
American computer scientists
People from Xi'an
Scientists from Shaanxi
Shaanxi Normal University alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Texas A&M University faculty
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute faculty
University of Macau faculty
American University of Sharjah faculty
Fellow Members of the IEEE
American people of Chinese descent
Educators from Shaanxi
Events from the year 1745 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: George II
Events
19 October – Jonathan Swift, satirist and Dean of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, dies aged 78. Their body is laid out in public for the people of Dublin to pay their last respects, and they are buried, in accordance with their wishes, in their cathedral by Esther Johnson's side with their own epitaph: Ubi sæva Indignatio / Ulterius / Cor lacerare nequit ("where savage indignation can no longer lacerate the heart").
Bartholomew Mosse establishes the Dublin Lying-In Hospital.
The town walls of Youghal are repaired.
Births
14 April – Richard Annesley, 2nd Earl Annesley, politician (died 1824).
24 December – William Paterson, jurist in the United States (died 1806).
Deaths
13 May – Charles Coffey, playwright and composer.
19 October – Jonathan Swift, cleric, satirist, essayist and poet (born 1667).
16 November – James Butler, 2nd Duke of Ormonde, soldier and statesman (born 1665).
References
Years of the 18th century in Ireland
Ireland
1740s in Ireland
The twelfth series of the British semi-reality television programme The Only Way Is Essex was confirmed on 30 January 2014 when it had been announced that it had renewed for a further three series, the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth. The series began on 22 June 2014 and started with two The Only Way Is Marbs specials. This series focused on the blossoming relationship between Chloe and Elliott, Bobby ending the romance between Harry after finding out he's still seeing their ex-boyfriend, the rivalry between Chloe and Ferne after cheating rumours came to light, and Arg's attempts to win back Lydia. It was the last series to feature on ITV2 before moving to ITVBe later that year.
Cast
Episodes
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders" style="width:100%; background:#fff;"
! style="background:#F7D358;"| Seriesno.
! style="background:#F7D358;"| Episodeno.
! style="background:#F7D358;"| Title
! style="background:#F7D358;"| Original air date
! style="background:#F7D358;"| Duration
! style="background:#F7D358;"| UK viewers
|}
Reception
Ratings
References
The Only Way Is Essex
2014 British television seasons
Highway 11 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Baghdad to Syria. It passes through Al Fallujah, Al Ramadi, Al Habbaniyah and Ar Rutbah.
Roads in Iraq
Božidar Smiljanić (20 September 1936 – 7 April 2018) was a Yugoslav-Croatian actor. They appeared in more than 70 films from 1953 to 2018.
Their son is popular actor Mitja Smiljanić.
Filmography
References
External links
1936 births
2018 deaths
Male actors from Zagreb
Croatian male film actors
John Halle's Hall is a 15th-century late medieval building, a hall house, in Salisbury, England, with later 16th-, 19th- and 20th-century additions. The Hall is a Grade I listed building, the top category, 'of the highest significance'. The medieval part of the building is now the foyer of a cinema, with a Victorian mock-Tudor street façade added in 1880–1881, together with the main cinema screening room built in 1931 behind the foyer. The noted architectural historian Sir Nikolaus Pevsner described this conglomeration as '... a great curiosity, a cinema with a grossly overdone timber-framed Tudor façade..., and behind this façade the substantial and memorable remains of the House of John Hall'.
Early history
John Halle was a wealthy and influential Salisbury wool merchant. They were possibly the son of Thomas Halle, who was a member of the Salisbury Corporation from 1436 to 1440. John Halle is recorded as being a member of the Salisbury Common Council in 1446. In 1448 they became an Alderman, and in 1449 Constable of New Street Ward. They were repeatedly elected Mayor of Salisbury, first in 1451, then in 1458, 1460, 1461 and 1465. They died on 18 October 1479.
John Halle's Hall stands in the centre of Salisbury on the south side of the road known as New Canal, a little distance south of the central marketplace. In 1455 they already owned property on the Ditch (New Canal) and in Carternstrete (Catherine Street) to the east. Halle bought the plot of land on which their hall house stands in 1467, and it was built over the period 1470–1483.
Architectural details of the Hall
The Hall is a Grade I listed building, the top category, 'of the highest significance'. The surviving ground-floor parts of the 15th- and 16th-century building that are open to the public comprise three rooms. From north to south, they are a small room with a "minstrels' gallery", which now serves as the cinema entrance lobby with ticket office; the main hall; and a small lower-ceilinged inner room beyond.
Entrance room with gallery
In the 16th century a three-storeyed timber-framed building was added on to the north end of the Hall, and has been much altered since. The entrance lobby from the street is two storeys high, with an open gallery with flat cut-out balusters along the south wall at first-floor level. The ceiling is heavily beamed. The wooden structure has been restored, possibly in the 17th century. The third storey has two original west windows. The archway at the south end of the entrance room leading into the Hall is from the restorations of 1834.
The Hall
The 15th-century Hall is in "fairly original state". It is two storeys high, with a "splendid" six-bayed open timber roof, with an elaborate arrangement of collar-beams, arched braces, purlins and "delightfully cusped" wind braces. Carved human figure and angel head brackets support the braces and collar-beams. On the east wall there are two large four-light windows and one two-light window; the one of the former at the south of the Hall has two lower lights omitted to allow the arched door to be inserted as part of the original design. The window at a high level on the west wall is a small two-light window, of 15th-century origin but unlikely to be in its original position. The windows contain much original stained glass, including heraldic insignia and John Halle's merchant's mark. On the east wall is a "splendid" stone fireplace with a frieze of quatrefoils, one of which bears John Halle's merchant's mark. It has been suggested that, although 15th-century in date and bearing Halle's merchant's mark, this fireplace might not be in its original location, as the Hall would have had an open hearth. It is suggested that it may not be in situ and may have come from one of the chambers in the building. In the 19th century this fireplace was used as a model by Augustus Pugin for some of their architectural designs. The archway at the north end of the Hall and the central doorway at the southern end are from 1834; and the two flanking doorways at the south end of the Hall are modern (from the 1930–1931 cinema alterations). On the exterior, the hall is ashlar-faced on the east side, and built of brick and flint on the west side. The roof has terracotta tiles.
Small inner room
This two-storey part of the building also dates from the 15th century. The ground-floor room is only one storey high, and has a ceiling with very heavily moulded beams (considered by the RCHM as re-set). It has two windows on the east wall, described as the RCHM as modern. Steps lead up from this room into the 1930s cinema. The room above it "contains nothing notable".
Historic England listing details
"C15 with 1881 imitation timber front, elaborate framework, 3 storeys gabled, ornate carved bargeboards and finial. 8 light lattice casements to both floors, pargetting to side panels, carved beam ends to overhangs. Cinema entrance on ground floor. The remains of the Hall consist of an outer lobby 2 storeys high (the present Cinema entrance lobby) of timber framed structure restored, with an open gallery at 1st floor level and heavily beamed ceiling over 1st floor, this leads into the Hall which is in a fairly original state, of 2 storeys with open timber roof with elaborate cusped bracing pattern to purlins supported on moulded pointed arched beams. The east wall has original tall stone mullioned windows with modern lead lights with one smaller similar window on west wall. From this Hall 2 doors lead into a lower inner room with a heavy moulded beamed ceiling. The exterior of the east front is of ashlar stone with 2 moulded stone mullioned windows with pointed arched cusped heads to light set in rectangular frame of coved moulding, with small arched door to left hand of similar design, with trefoil spandrel ornament. The west side of the Hall is of brick and flint and one small stone mullioned window to left hand with pointed cusped heads to lights. Old tile roof to Hall."
Pevsner description
"The principal survival is the hall, with a splendid open roof of six bays. Arched braces on figure brackets carry the collar-beams. The braces form pointed arches. Four tiers of delightfully cusped wind-braces also forming pointed arches. The hall is ashlar-faced. It has to the W only one small two-light window but to the E two large, straight-headed transomed four-light windows and one transomed two-light window. The lights are arched and cusped at the top as well as below the transoms. The small doorway cuts into the southern of the four-light windows, giving it an oddly limping shape. So on that side was the screens passage. Yet the room to the S of the hall has a ceiling with heavily moulded beams (probably re-set: RCHM). The room to the N, the entrance hall of the cinema, must have been remodelled in the C17. It has a gallery round with flat cut-out balusters. Splendid stone fireplace with a frieze of quatrefoils in the hall. A good deal of original stained glass, shields-of-arms and scrollwork, well restored and supplemented by Willement (Dean Woodforde)."
Later history
In 1669 the Hall was being used as a tavern, as described by the antiquary John Aubrey: "His dwelling house, now a taverne (1669), was on the Ditch, where in the glasse windowes are many scutchions of their armes yet remaining, and severall merchant markes." The street was built along "the ditch", also known as "the canal", one of Salisbury's main watercourses. The name New Canal for the street was in use by 1751." The watercourse has long-since been culverted and infilled.
From 1816–1819 the Hall was used as part of the printing offices of The Wiltshire Gazette.
Before its restoration in 1834, the Hall had been "divided and sub-divided into many small upper and lower rooms".
The building was restored by Augustus Pugin in 1834, and F.R. Fisher, clerk of works for Salisbury Cathedral, for Mr Sampson Payne, the client, a glass and china merchant. A book published the same year, Peter Hall's Picturesque Memorials of Salisbury, stated "..the restoration of this splendid and interesting room, which is now entirely choked with modern apartments, is the result of most careful survey and measurement, without any alteration whatever, beyond the removal of temporary and incongruous obstructions."
Another source states Pugin's work also involved the insertion of an oak screen with a single, central doorway at the southern end of the Hall, made from an old cabinet with carved figures, and that above this was a painting of an angel with a scroll and royal arms, executed by Pugin in eight hours without break.
An 1841 article mentions that "the hall...has been recently cleared of the modern apartments by which it was choked, and completely restored with the greatest taste and judgment under the direction of Mr. Fisher, clerk of works to the cathedral. It is now the chief show-room of a china warehouse and is not a little set off by its gay and glittering contents." It is likely that for this joint project Pugin was the architect/commissionee, with Fisher as the clerk of works directing the workmen.
The window glass was "extensively restored" by John Beare in 1834, as part of Pugin's project. Pevsner states the stained glass was restored and augmented by the noted stained glass artist Thomas Willement (1786–1861).
In 1880–1881 the mock-Tudor three-storey north (street) façade was added, designed by Salisbury-based architect Fred Ward, and commissioned by the owners, china merchants Mr Watson and Mr Godden. The noted architectural historian Sir Nikolaus Pevsner was not a fan, describing the façade as "grossly overdone". An April 1881 newspaper account of the work noted that, before undertaking the new façade, "Messrs Watson and Godden, ... with praiseworthy spirit, first rebuilt the back portion of the premises." In around 1910 the Hall is shown in a photograph with the ground-floor shop front of Watson & Co.
Cinema
In the early 1930s the Hall was converted into the foyer of the Gaumont Cinema, for which a new 1,687-seat theatre was built in less than eighteen months on land behind the Hall. The theatre was built with a Tudor theme, to match the splendid medieval foyer area, and opened on 7 September 1931. The project's architect was William Edward Trent. The cinema was renamed Gaumont in 1937, and changed to Odeon by the Rank Organisation in August 1964.
The 1930–1931 cinema building is listed Grade II by Historic England.
Gallery
See also
List of Grade I listed buildings in Salisbury
References
Further reading
Rev. Edward Duke, 1837, Proclusiones Historicae, or, Essays Illustrative of the Hall of John Halle, Citizen and Merchant, of Salisbury, In the Reigns of Henry VI and Edward IV. Salisbury: W.B. Brodie. Online copy at
Michael Kerney, 2012, "John Beare of Salisbury (1785–1837) and the Hall of John Halle; with some remarks on the revival of canted lettering in 19th-century glass", The Journal of Stained Glass 36, 38–55.
Richard Nash and Frogg Moody, 2021, Projected passion—the history of cinema in Salisbury. Salisbury: Hobnob Press.
External links
Visit of the Historic Houses Group to the hall and the cinema in 2007 with many photographs
Article with photographs of both the hall and the cinema
Some of the stained glass windows
YouTube video of the layout of the cinema, including parts of the medieval hall. Poor quality
Houses in Wiltshire
Hall houses
Grade I listed buildings in Wiltshire
Grade I listed houses
Buildings and structures in Salisbury
Buildings and structures completed in 1483
Odeon Cinemas
The Indian Distinguished Service Medal (IDSM) was a military decoration awarded by the British Empire to Indian citizens serving in the Indian armed forces and military police. When it was instituted in 1907 it was the second highest award available to Indians, behind the Indian Order of Merit (IOM). However, when eligibility for the Victoria Cross was extended to cover all Commonwealth subjects in 1911, the IDSM became third highest in the order of precedence. It was instituted in order to recognise acts of gallantry that did not meet the standards required of the IOM. The award was discontinued following the partition and subsequent independence of India in 1947.
The medal was awarded for gallantry, both in peace and on active military service. When instituted it was only available to Viceroy's commissioned officers, NCOs and men of the British Indian Army, Indian State Forces, militias and levies. However, after 1917 it was extended to 'non-combatant' followers, such as carriers and grooms. In 1929, eligibility was extended to the Royal Indian Marine and to the Indian Air Force in 1940. In 1944 members of the Hong Kong and Singapore Royal Artillery became eligible.
It is a circular silver medal, in width. The obverse depicts the current monarch, while the reverse had the words FOR DISTINGUISHED SERVICE surrounded by a laurel wreath. The medals were issued with the details of the recipient engraved or impressed on the rim, including service number, name and regiment. The ribbon was dark blue with a central wide crimson stripe.
Fewer than 6,000 were awarded, including bars. About 3,200 were awarded during the First World War, and 1,200 from the start of the Second World War to 1947. The rest were mainly awarded between the wars during frontier fighting and other inter-war campaigns such as the Iraq campaign of 1919–20.
Notes
References
External links
Military awards and decorations of the United Kingdom
Military awards and decorations of India
Gadzooks! is a British pop music television programme which aired on BBC2 from February to September 1965. It was originally produced by Barry Langford and was a replacement for their previous music show The Beat Room which had run in the same timeslot on BBC2 since July 1964.
The programme went through a number of name changes during its 35-episode run, originally being titled Gadzooks! It's All Happening, before changing to Gadzooks! It's The In-Crowd, then finally simply Gadzooks!.
The presenters of the programme included Alan David, Lulu, Roger Whittaker and future Crackerjack! presenter Christine Holmes. Recurring artistes who appeared most weeks included Liverpool singing trio The Three Bells, dance troupe The Beat Girls and blind singer & organist Peter Cook (not to be confused with the comedian of the same name), plus a number of special musical guests every week. Notable acts who performed on the programme included The Who, Tom Jones, Manfred Mann, Marianne Faithfull, The Animals, Chuck Berry, Sonny & Cher, The Byrds, The Four Tops and David Bowie (who appeared twice: both times under their real name of Davy Jones).
No recordings of this series are known to survive.
Episodes
References
External links
British music television shows
1965 British television series debuts
1965 British television series endings
1960s British music television series
Black-and-white British television shows
Pop music television series
English-language television shows
BBC Television shows
Lost BBC episodes
Rod Land, known in Japan as , is a 1990 platform game originally developed and published in arcades by Jaleco.
Gameplay
The player(s) control one or two fairies called Tam and Rit armed with a magic wand (rod). Following the concept of Taito's Bubble Bobble, the rod doesn't kill the monsters directly, but only leaves them immobilized, crying. To kill them, the rod can grasp them in a magic force-field and the player can smash them down over their head until they disappear and leave a power-up behind.
Each level is only one small screen composed of monsters, platforms, ladders and, later, tunnels. Unlike other games of the genre, the players can never jump, but have to use ladders. They can conjure one custom ladder above or below them in order to go to the appropriate platform. There can be only one such 'custom' ladder; therefore if the fairy summons it again, it will disappear from its previous position in order to appear again next to the fairy. This can be beneficial for the player, if a monster is climbing that ladder to approach them
The fairies' quest is to rescue their mother, trapped in a tower. In the sequel (part of the original arcade machine) they must venture into a pyramid, to stop an evil demon that is building a mobile fortress. The spirit of their departed father "guides" them at a couple of points. The ending implies that the demon in the pyramid was somehow responsible for their father's death.
Development
Rod Land's Amiga port was published by Storm and began development by Random Access in March 1991, and was released in September. The One interviewed Ronald Pieket Weeserik, a programmer for Rod Land's Amiga port, for information regarding its development in a pre-release interview. Weeserik notes that Rod Land's conversion was 'easier' than other titles, expressing that "it's nice to do a game that the computer is capable of emulating ... Everything in the coin-op can be included and the finished game will run at the correct frame rate". The Amiga version of Rod Land has "hidden features and bonuses" that are absent in the arcade version, revealed by entering certain codes, a feature noted by The One to be in several other Random Access titles. Rod Land's Amiga port also adds additional levels that are absent in the arcade version. The Amiga port also corrects several glitches present in the arcade version, with Weeserik giving such examples as "enemies getting stuck at the top of ladders, the ability to slam enemies down on thin air, and not being able to zap things from ladders" and further stating that they wrote the 16-bit versions in the way the arcade version should have been written.
Jaleco supplied Random Access with the background graphics for Rod Land stored as 16x16 pixel squares, although "jumbled up and in the wrong colours"; around five hundred sprites were stored this way, and this was noted as a difficulty in the Amiga port's development. During this, however, Random Access discovered unused animations for every enemy in Rod Land, which were implemented in the Amiga port as a visual indication for when monsters are changing from 'patrol mode' to 'attack mode'. Rod Land's sound effects are synthesised as opposed to sampled in the arcade original. The Amiga port replicates these, but Weeserik expresses that "several of the less suitable sounds" are replaced by "something a little more palatable".
Ports
Rod Land was ported to many other systems, the first being the Amstrad CPC version in 1990 and the last being the Nintendo Game Boy version in 1993 (this excludes modernized remakes such as the version for Symbian mobiles in 2006).
The home versions of the game were created by The Sales Curve from their London development office. The Amiga and ST versions were coded by Ronald Pieket Weeserik and John Croudy, the Commodore 64 version by Steve Snake, the Spectrum version by Jason McGann and Shaun McClure, and the NES version by Simon Pick Jools Watsham and Steve Snake. The NES version was only released in Italy, Spain, the Netherlands and Japan. The Amiga version was ranked the 16th best game of all time by Amiga Power.
All of these versions differ in some way — particularly the NES version, which adds some new platform stages and allows the player to jump — but by far the biggest difference is that the arcade version includes a totally different 'sequel' (with new graphics, levels, bosses and storyline) on completion of the original game. The enemies in the "second story" are more robotic. This sequel can be accessed directly at the start of the game, if the joystick is moved down three times between inserting a coin and pressing the 1P or 2P button.
In the Game Boy version, the player can strike enemies with the wand even while climbing a ladder, making the game slightly easier to play.
The arcade version was released on the PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch in January 2021 as part of Hamster's Arcade Archives series.
Legacy
Rod Land was followed by a 1992 puzzle spin-off titled Soldam.
References
External links
Arcade version
Rod Land at arcade-history
Home versions
Rod Land at Eurocom
1990 video games
Amiga games
Amstrad CPC games
Arcade video games
City Connection franchises
Commodore 64 games
Game Boy games
IOS games
Jaleco games
Nintendo Entertainment System games
Platform games
ZX Spectrum games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games scored by Tsukasa Tawada
Eurocom games
Action video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Yumnam Renu Bala Chanu (born 2 October 1986) is an Indian woman weightlifter, hailing from Kyamgei Mayai Leikai village located near Imphal, Manipur. They secured a gold medal in the Women's 58 kg category at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Career
Renu Bala's career kicked off when they were selected for training during a 'talent hunt' camp of Sports Authority of India, at Imphal in the year 2000, when after winning a silver in the state championship, they were recommended to the SAI. They received training at Lucknow under Hansa Sharma and GP Sharma.
Renubala hails from Manipur but represents Assam, and was the third athlete from the former to have won a medal, after Soniya Chanu (silver in women's 48 kg) and Sandhaya Rani Devi (bronze in women's 48 kg). They represented Assam in the 2007 Guwahati National Games and won four gold medals for the State.
They succeeded in defending their gold medal again at the 2010 Commonwealth Games at Delhi. The Northeast Frontier Railway employee set a new game snatch record with a lift of 90 kg in their final attempt. Renu added 107 kg to their snatch record to total 197 to win the gold medal for the second successive time. They heaved 88 kg and broke the prior record held by Maryse Turcotte from Canada during the 2002 Games, and improved it in their next attempt to bring it up to 90 kg. Them national record is 93 for snatch, 119 for clean jerk and 209 for total. They dedicated their gold medal to the people of India and to the Indian Weightlifting Federation, saying that their win would help the Federation to recover from their recent setbacks. They expressed their pride and the significance of their achievements for someone hailing from a financially troubled background, and described their medal as a token of acknowledgement for the efforts their family, and coaches put in for them training.
In 2014, they were felicitated jointly by the Assam Weightlifting Association (AWA) and the Assam Olympic Association (AOA). They won the Arjuna Award in 2014.
They were unable to participate in the Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010 and the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow due to health related issues.
References
External links
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Indian female weightlifters
Living people
1986 births
Weightlifters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
People from Imphal
Weightlifters from Manipur
Sportswomen from Manipur
Commonwealth Games medallists in weightlifting
21st-century Indian women
21st-century Indian people
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Young the Giant is an American rock band that formed in Irvine, California, in 2004. The band's line-up consists of Sameer Gadhia (lead vocals), Jacob Tilley (guitar), Eric Cannata (guitar), Payam Doostzadeh (bass guitar), and Francois Comtois (drums). Formerly known as The Jakes, Young the Giant was signed by Roadrunner Records in 2009, and they released their eponymous debut album in 2010. The band's first three singles, "My Body", "Cough Syrup", and "Apartment", all charted on the US Alternative Songs chart.
History
Formation (2004–2009)
The Jakes formed in 2004 in Irvine, California. Consisting of Jacob Tilley, Addam Farmer, Kevin Massoudi, Ehson Hashemian, and Sameer Gadhia, the band's name was an acronym of the members' first names. After several personnel changes, the group's lineup by 2008 included Gadhia (born July 10, 1989), Tilley, Hashemian, Eric Cannata, Francois Comtois (born May 20, 1988), and Jason Burger. Initial coordination of musical contributions was difficult because the members all attended different schools. With two members still in high school and the others each attending different colleges, the Jakes recorded an EP, Shake My Hand, with producer Ian Kirkpatrick. Band members then individually decided whether or not to put their schooling on hold to focus on music. Burger left the band to pursue an education at Manhattan School of Music in New York City, and Comtois took over as the drummer. Shortly thereafter, longtime friend and collaborator Payam Doostzadeh () joined as bassist. In 2009, the band played four shows at the South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas. The band's song "Texas Tea" was played during an episode of MTV's The Real World: Brooklyn, and "Paid the Piper" was featured on A&E's The Beast. Another song, "Cough Syrup", received airplay on the Los Angeles radio station KROQ. Shortly before signing to Roadrunner Records in August, keyboardist Ehson Hashemian left the band. In December 2009, the band announced they had changed their name to Young the Giant.
Young the Giant (2010–2013)
The Jakes officially changed their name to Young the Giant in January 2010 during the production of their eponymous album. Young the Giant spent 2010 opening for Minus the Bear and Steel Train while working on their debut album with Joe Chiccarelli at Sunset Sound Studios in Los Angeles. They took an old-school approach to recording the album. All the tracks were performed live which resulted in a lot of “chopping” during production. The band was very vigilant of their tracks but trusted the decisions of Joe Chiccarelli who had previously produced albums for The Shins, The Strokes, and Saints of Valory. The band believed in transparency; they only wanted to record what they could reproduce in front of an audience at a live show.
After the band finished recording in early June, they played additional shows with Marina and the Diamonds, The Futureheads, Neon Trees and New Politics. Several songs—including "My Body", "I Got", and "Strings"—were leaked online in advance of the album's release. On October 26, Roadrunner Records digitally released the eponymous Young the Giant album, which Amazon.com hailed the third best rock album of 2010. The album was released physically in the U.S. on January 25, 2011 and in the UK on May 2.
The band's first single "My Body" was released to U.S. radio in January and went on to peak at number five on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart. iTunes offered the song as a weekly free download beginning January 9, and was featured on an episode of American Idol. The band performed the song that month on ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live! and Fuel TV's The Daily Habit. The official video for the single, which features actor Bryan James, was directed by Justin Francis.
In March, Young the Giant headlined the Billboard Showcase at South by Southwest in Austin, Texas. In May, the band played the Sasquatch! Music Festival, the BBC's Later... with Jools Holland and The Great Escape Festival in Brighton. English singer Morrissey, on the fansite True to You, declared Young The Giant as one of their favorite new bands. The music video for the group's second single, "Cough Syrup", premiered in June. The band was named MTV's PUSH Artist of the Week on July 4.
An extended play (EP) featuring remixes by such artists as Two Door Cinema Clubs, Tokyo Police Club and Ra Ra Riot was made available in September for free through Young the Giant's Facebook page. Fans were invited to create their own remixes with the opportunity for their entry to be featured on the EP. In August, the band played on the main stage at Lollapalooza.
Young the Giant performed during the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards on August 28. The band began a tour with Incubus two days later.
The exposure from the VMA performance propelled Young the Giant onto the Billboard 200 albums chart, where it eventually peaked at number 42.
Sales for "My Body" climbed 220 percent on iTunes, helping the single reach number 65 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. Young the Giant played at the Austin City Limits Music Festival in September, and a month later they performed songs from their debut album for an episode of MTV Unplugged which debuted online in November.
"Apartment", the band's third single, was released in February 2011 and peaked at number 26 on the US Alternative Songs chart.
The music video for the song premiered in April 2012.
The group performed "Apartment" and "Cough Syrup" on a May episode of NBC's Today, and CNN Newsroom profiled the band a month later.
The band released a music video for non-album track "West Virginia" in January 2012, and started their first major headlining tour in February.
They also headlined mtvU's first-ever Woodies Tour which began later that month.
Darren Criss' character Blaine Anderson covered "Cough Syrup" on the season three episode of Glee titled "On My Way". The song featured during the attempted suicide scene with Max Adler's character Dave Karofsky.
In October 2020, the band announced the celebration of their ten year anniversary of their self-titled album with a virtual concert, a special digital release, and a new vinyl release.
Mind over Matter (2013–2015)
On October 28, 2013, Young the Giant released "It's About Time", the lead single from the band's second album, Mind over Matter. On December 9, 2013, Young the Giant also released "Crystallized", another single from the band's second album. The album was released on January 21, 2014 via Fueled by Ramen. The band enlisted Grammy-nominated producer Justin Meldal-Johnsen to produce the album for the Southern California group.
The New York Times called the album "a sharp, electric album that has the cool reserve of the Cure matched with the arena mind-set of, say, Muse (though without that group's mechanical air)."
The next fall the band embarked on North American Tour starting in South Burlington, Vermont, and ending in Boulder, Colorado the band was opened by the band Wildling who Gadhia helped in their search for a drummer.
Following the release of their second album, the group released another set of videos for their In the Open series on YouTube.
In 2015, the band released two songs named "Mirrorball" and "Mind Over Matter (Reprise)" exclusively on vinyl for Record Store Day of that year. The songs were later released online July 28, 2017.
Home of the Strange (2016–2017)
On April 15, 2016, the band released a new track, "Amerika", taken from their third studio album, Home of the Strange, released on August 12, 2016. The first official single on the record is "Something to Believe In", which was sent to alternative radio on May 10, 2016. Another track from the album, "Titus Was Born", was released with an accompanying music video on June 17, 2016.
Young the Giant's tour for the album began August 13, 2016, starting from the west coast of the United States. Two additional tracks from the album, "Jungle Youth" and "Silvertongue", were released in the weeks before the release of the album.
Mirror Master (2018)
The band released the first single, "Simplify", from their upcoming album on June 14, 2018. The album's second single, "Superposition", was released on August 23, 2018, along with an announcement that Mirror Master would be released on October 12, 2018, by Elektra Records. The band released the third single, "Heat of the Summer", on September 21, 2018. "Call Me Back", the fourth single and last before the album's release, was released on October 5, 2018.
American Bollywood (2022–present)
The band released the single, “Wake Up”, on June 15, 2022. Other songs from the first act of their American Bollywood album, named "Act I: Origins", were released on July 15, 2022. The band also premiered a video for the album's title song, "American Bollywood", on YouTube on July 15, 2022.
Band members
Current members
Sameer Gadhia – lead vocals, percussion, keyboards, guitar (since 2004)
Gadhia was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and grew up in Irvine, California. They come from a family of musicians, especially Indian Classical. Their sister, mother, and grandmother are singers. They began exploring a variety of American styles of music early on. They majored in Human Biology at Stanford University where they were involved in an a cappella group, Talisman, and in Greek life, as a brother of Sigma Nu. In 2009, they put a halt to school and pursuing medicine to give their musical aspirations a shot. They do plan on going back to complete their degree someday. They share a house in Los Angeles with their bandmates when not on the road.
Jacob Tilley – guitar, synthesizer, mellotron (since 2004)
Eric Cannata – guitar, vocals, keyboards (since 2007)
Payam Doostzadeh – bass guitar, synthesizer, vocals (since 2008)
Francois Comtois – drums, percussion, vocals, (since 2007); bass guitar (2004–2007)
Former members (The Jakes)
Ehson Hashemian – keyboards, piano, synthesizers (2004–2009)
Jason Burger – drums (2007)
Sean Fischer – drums (2004–2007)
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
Notes
References
External links
Young the Giant at Roadrunner Records
Young the Giant Live Session in the Virgin Red Room
Alternative rock groups from California
Fueled by Ramen artists
Musical groups from Orange County, California
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical quintets
Roadrunner Records artists
2004 establishments in California
Bratislav Stankovic (born 1963) is a multidisciplinary professor of law & biotechnology, and a registered U.S. patent attorney. Stankovic is the author of more than 100 peer-reviewed articles, books, book chapters, government and international reports on law, science and policy related to innovation, patents, technology transfer, bioethics, research ethics, reproductive technologies, stem cells, and plant space biology.
Stankovic has over 30 years of experience as a scientist, including 5 years as a Chief Scientist at the NASA-funded Wisconsin Center for Space Automation and Robotics, University of Wisconsin-Madison, where they were the principal investigator for experiments on the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station.  They are a U.S. Fulbright Scholar.  They are also the only recipient in Macedonia of a FP7 Marie Curie International Reintegration Grant, in this category of almost 7,000 grants awarded in Europe. Stankovic is ranked in the top 5% SSRN authors.
Bratislav Stankovic taught patent law at Loyola University Chicago School of Law and cell biology at North Carolina State University. In 2009-2014 they also served as a Science & Technology Advisor to the President of Macedonia Dr.Gjorge Ivanov.
Stankovic earned their Master of Science in plant physiology from the University of Novi Sad in 1991, their PhD in biological sciences from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln in 1994, and their juris doctor from University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2004.
References
External links
https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=KxQr_6cAAAAJ&hl=en
https://web.archive.org/web/20131004180912/http://www.engr.wisc.edu/centers/staff/stankovic_braco.html
Macedonian scientists
1963 births
Living people
University of Novi Sad alumni
University of Nebraska alumni
University of Wisconsin Law School alumni
The Kongo place stone figures called tumba (a Ki-Kongo word, pl. bitumba) on the graves of powerful people. Bitumba were created in Zaire and Angola during the nineteenth century and the first part of the twentieth. The term tumba comes from the old Portuguese word for “tomb”— this genre may have been inspired by grave monuments for European merchants and missionaries in Kongo cemeteries.
Materials and Dimensions
Bituma were executed in soft stone. Their average height it close to 50 centimeters; the smallest bituma measure between 15 and 20 centimeters and the largest are approximately a meter in height.
Historiography
Artist Robert Verly gathered a large number of statues in the north of Angola near the Zaire border and, in the May 1955 issue of Zaire, they classified the objects by type and proposed an explanation for their use. In July 1978, the Institut des Musees Nationaux du Zaire at the Center for International Commerce of Zaire in Kinshasa mounted an exhibition of 72 bitumba called "Sculptures Stones from Lower Zaire."
Styles and Themes
Bitumba sculptures are unique in their variety of styles. Robert Farris Thompson has identified about twenty workshops that explain stylistic individuality. The wide dispersal of the works, however, has made it impossible to localize their centers of production.
Bitumba are express a variety of themes. The most widely found - about twenty percent of statues belong to this type - is a figure who raises their hands in front of their face in a gesture often interpreted as praying. The second most prevalent theme is that of mother and child. The art of Lower Zaire, and especially the art of Mayombe, is known for privileging maternity subjects. The third theme is that of the "thinker," who holds on hand on the hip and the other pressed to check in an attitude of meditation.
References
Kongo culture
Kingdom of Kongo
African art
African sculpture
The Anglican Journal is the national newspaper of the Anglican Church of Canada. Editorially independent, the Journal publishes news, features and opinion related to Anglicanism and religion in Canada and abroad. It also contains an extensive arts and culture section, and classified advertising. Its editor until July 2018 was Marites N. Sison. The headquarters is in Toronto.
The paper was first published under the name Dominion Churchman in 1875; and later as the Canadian Churchman. It is published ten times a year, and is mailed separately or with one of 19 diocesan or regional publications. It is a member of the Canadian Church Press and Associated Church Press.
The Journal has been frequently cited for excellence in journalism, winning 33 awards, including first prize for general excellence, in 2016.
References
"Anglican Journal wins 16 Canadian church press awards, May 2, 2016
"Anglican Journal wins 17 awards from Associated Church Press, April 25, 2016
"Journal Wins 17 Awards," Anglican Journal, June 1, 2008
Masthead of the Anglican Journal
Anglican Journal wins 12 awards from Associated Church Press, May 1, 2017
Anglican Journal wins 13 awards from Canadian Church Press awards, June 30, 2017
External links
Anglican Church of Canada
Newspapers established in 1875
National newspapers published in Canada
Anglican newspapers and magazines
1875 establishments in Ontario
Newspapers published in Toronto
Frogtown is a neighborhood in Saint Paul in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Built around University Avenue, the Thomas-Dale neighborhood is colloquially known as Frogtown (, meaning "Frogmountain"). Historically, Frogtown was a subsection of the current Thomas-Dale neighborhood. It is bordered by University Avenue on the south, the Burlington Northern Railroad tracks to the north, Lexington Parkway on the west and Rice Street on the east.
Early settlement
The neighborhood was first settled 1860–1880 as the downtown area outgrew its borders. Workers on the St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, now BNSF Railway, which was built just to the north of the neighborhood sought housing nearby. Minnesota's first successful locomotive run occurred on these tracks in 1882. Shortly thereafter the Jackson Street Railroad Shops were built just northeast of Frogtown. The Jackson Street Shops were then joined by other railroad related industries in the area including the Saint Paul Foundry, built near Como and Western Avenues, providing additional employment opportunities for residents.
Residential development moved westward through the neighborhood as Polish, Scandinavian, German, and Irish immigrants took blue-collar jobs in the area. They built modest wood frame and brick houses on small lots in the neighborhood. Urban renewal has wiped out many of these homes, but working-class Victorian homes from the 1880s are extant, some adorned with arched window and door openings, brick window hoods, and frilly intact open porches.
The name "Frogtown" likely comes from the fact that the neighborhood was developed over several swamps and marshes, which were filled in over time. Archbishop John Ireland referred to the area as “Froschberg” or "Frog City” because of the many frogs in the area originating from the swamps.
Commerce
Commercial buildings lined University Avenue as street cars along the corridor were able to efficiently transport workers to employers. The line also became the first intercity street car line, connecting Minneapolis with Saint Paul in 1890.
Today
Today many view Frogtown as a new enclave for Vietnamese and now Hmong immigrants, who, in Saint Paul, comprise the largest urban contingent in the United States. Amenities include a full-service bank, gas station, community medical clinic, family services organizations, two parks, several Asian supermarkets, a traditional butcher shop, several convenience stores, the historic No.18 Fire Station.
A profusion of immigrant-owned businesses line University Avenue, offering clothing, shoes, jewelry, household items, entertainment media (DVDs, CDs, video games) and groceries. Immigrants from Africa operate several Halal meat markets in the area, which also offer traditional African breads, spices and foodstuffs. Mexican-American immigrants operate small traditional Mexican carnicerías. The avenue is dotted with restaurants serving Cambodian, Thai, Laotian, Hmong, Vietnamese, Chinese-American and Mexican cuisine, some of it very authentic.
Transportation
The METRO Green Line light rail, which opened on June 14, 2014, serves the neighborhood with stops on University Avenue at Victoria Street, Dale Street, and Western Avenue.
Education
St. Paul Public Schools serves Frogtown. Some residents are zoned to Jackson Elementary, while some are zoned to Galtier Elementary. Some residents are zoned to Ramsey Middle, and some are zoned to Washington Middle. Some residents are zoned to Central High School, and some are zoned to Como Park High School.
The Catholic parish of St. Agnes also serves the area of Frogtown with its comprehensive elementary and high school (Saint Agnes School), classes of kindergarten through senior high school.
Saint Paul Public Library operates the Rondo Community Library adjacent to Frogtown. The newly renovated Rondo Library opened in late August 2006.
References
External links
Greater Frogtown Neighbors Forum - Online Group
Asian-American culture in Minneapolis–Saint Paul
Hmong-American culture in Minneapolis–Saint Paul
Neighborhoods in Saint Paul, Minnesota
Populated places established in the 19th century
Vietnamese-American history
Dejan Poljaković (born 6 April 1973) is a Croatian football midfielder.
Club career
Poljaković played their early career in Serbia. They played with FK Bačka 1901 before joining FK Spartak Subotica playing with them in the First League of FR Yugoslavia. In 2001, they joined Újpest FC and played in the Hungarian Nemzeti Bajnokság I in 2001–02. In 2002–03 they played with Ujpest til the winter-break, when they moved to HNK Rijeka playing in the Croatian First League.
Honors
Ujpest
Hungarian Cup: 2002
References
1973 births
Living people
Croatian footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Bačka 1901 players
FK Spartak Subotica players
First League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Újpest FC players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
HNK Rijeka players
Croatian Football League players
The British Motorcycle Racing Club (BMCRC), informally Bemsee, is the largest motorcycle racing club of its type in the UK and organises a range of championships including Clubman and Supersport 600, Thunderbikes, Superstock 1000, Formula 400s and sidecars.
History
Founded in 1909, it was originally based at the classic Brooklands circuit near Weybridge in Surrey. During the 1960s the offices were at Kingston, Surrey and are now located in Romford, Essex. It is the oldest motorcycle racing club in the world.
Many champions have emerged from starting out in the homemade Aprilia Superteens championship
for example:
Two Time world superbike champion James Toseland
Double MotoGP champion Casey Stoner
Moto2 Racer Bradley Smith
Moto3 Racer Danny Webb
MotoGP Racer and 2009 Supersport Champion Cal Crutchlow
Racing Classes (2019)
In 2019, the BMCRC had classes available, based on machine type and rider age. Some classes also had sub-classes determined by various factors such as rider licence level (such as Clubman and National) or machine configuration:
BMZRC 250 MZ
"Blue Haze" GP 2-Strokes
RKB-F1/BMCRC F1 & F2 Sidecars
BMCRC Formula 400
MRO 600
MRO Minitwins
MRO Powerbikes & Clubman 1000
ACU Team Green Junior Cup/Senior Ninja Series
BMCRC Rookie 600 & Rookie 1000 Open
BMCRC Thunderbike Sport, Thunderbike Extreme & Thunderbike Ultra
Yamaha Past Masters
Junior Supersport
Circuits
BMCRC leased the Lydden Hill circuit from 1993 to 2007.
The 2022 season uses the following circuits:
Brands Hatch (Indy and GP circuits)
Snetterton
Silverstone
Oulton Park
Donington Park
Cadwell Park
References
External links
Bemsee.net Official site
Motorcycle racing organizations
Motorcycle racing in the United Kingdom
The Daniel Carter Beard Boyhood Home is a National Historic Landmark located in the Riverside Drive Historic District of Covington, Kentucky, overlooking the Licking River, across the Ohio River from Cincinnati, Ohio. The two-and-one-half story brick domicile, built in 1821 and one of the two oldest buildings in Kenton County, Kentucky, is the boyhood home of Daniel Carter Beard, a founder of the Boy Scouts of America. They were their National Scout Commissioner from its 1910 founding to their death in 1941.
Background
Born in Cincinnati in 1850, Daniel Carter Beard moved with their family to Covington, Kentucky and the house by the river when they were eleven years old. Growing up, they routinely heard stories of Daniel Boone. Beard so idolized Boone that the boy and their friends dubbed themselves the "Boone Scouts" and sought to emulate the frontiersman. These Boone Scouts would engage in several activities, including sneaking past sentries of the various Union Army camps in town during the Civil War.
Beard was preparing for the life of camping, hand crafts, and nature that they lived as an adult. Beard moved away when they went to college, and following graduation, moved to New York City. Beard's family left the house in 1878 to move to New York City to join Daniel.
Beard was last in Covington in 1934, when a parade was held in their honor. Scouts from Kentucky, Ohio, and West Virginia came to show their appreciation.
Their boyhood home was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1966. William Booth Memorial Hospital owned the building at the time that it was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1966. They had been using it as a nursing school and dorm for the nursing students. The hospital is still located north of the Home. The home is now a private residence.
References
Houses completed in 1821
National Historic Landmarks in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places in Kenton County, Kentucky
Houses in Kenton County, Kentucky
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
Scouting monuments and memorials
Covington, Kentucky
Roman Brunner (born 17 February 1971) is a Swiss handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Swiss male handball players
Olympic handball players of Switzerland
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Micrococca is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae, first described in 1849. It is native to tropical Africa, Madagascar and Asia (Old World Tropics).
Species
formerly included
moved to Erythrococca
Micrococca berberidea - Erythrococca berberidea
Micrococca natalensis - Erythrococca natalensis
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
The 1998 Skate Israel was the 4th edition of a senior-level international figure skating competition held in Metulla, Israel. It was held at the Canada Centre. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
WD = Withdrew
External links
results
Skate Israel at the Israel Ice Skating Federation
Skate Israel
Israel
Skate Israel
"I Love Youare" is a song by American singer Hailee Steinfeld, released on March 26, 2020, by Republic Records. The song samples "No More I Love You's" by Annie Lennox, thus David Freeman and Joseph Hughes are credited as songwriters. The song was produced by David Stewart (not to be confused with the Eurythmics' Dave Stewart) and serves as the second single from Steinfeld's second EP Half Written Story (2020).
Background
Steinfeld released an album cover, as well as dropping the name for the song on Instagram on March 24, 2020, with the caption "i love youare • March 26th". According to Rolling Stone, the song was inspired by Annie Lennox's "No More 'I Love You's" (1995). "Steinfeld spoke to EW about what inspired the song:
Composition
The song features "floaty synths" and "peppy beats". Lyrically, it is about self-love and hope and is composed in the key of Emajor with a tempo of 107 beats per minute.
Music video
A lyric video, created by Katia Temkin, accompanied the song's release. Steinfeld co-directed the song's official music video with Sarah McColgan, which premiered via YouTube on March 31, 2020. The music video shot in black-and-white featuring Steinfeld wearing see-through clothing while embedded with white background in studio.
Live performances
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Steinfeld performed the song in an at-home edition of The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on May 1, 2020.
Credits and personnel
Song credits adapted from Tidal.
Hailee Steinfeld – vocals
David Stewart – songwriting, production, programming
David Freeman – songwriting
Jessica Agombar – songwriting
Joseph Hughes – songwriting
Sarah "Griff" Griffiths – songwriting
John Hanes – engineering, studio personnel
Randy Merrill – mastering, studio personnel
Serban Ghenea – mixing, studio personnel
Charts
Release history
References
2020 songs
2020 singles
Hailee Steinfeld songs
Black-and-white music videos
Republic Records singles
Songs written by David Freeman (musician)
Songs written by Griff (singer)
Songs written by Joseph Hughes (musician)
Malevil is a 1981 post-apocalyptic French film directed by Christian de Chalonge. It's the adaptation of the 1972 science fiction novel Malevil by Robert Merle.
Plot
The film takes place in a small village named "Malevil" within central France. Due to an administrative issue, the mayor, pharmacist, farmers, traders, and other villagers attend a meeting in the local château's large wine cellar on a beautiful sunny day in late summer. However, while the meeting is taking place the radio suddenly cuts out. Moments later, huge explosions occur followed by long and violent flashes. The noise, excessive heat, and moisture cause everyone in the cellar to fall unconscious.
The survivors awaken to find a scorched world where almost nothing remains. They embark on a new life faced with isolationism and violence.
Cast
Michel Serrault : Emmanuel Comte
Jacques Dutronc : Colin
Jean-Louis Trintignant : Fulbert
Jacques Villeret : Momo
Robert Dhéry : Peyssou
Hanns Zischler : le vétérinaire
Pénélope Palmer : Evelyne
Jean Leuvrais : Bouvreuil
Emilie Lihou : La Menou
Jacqueline Parent : Cathy
Eduard Linkers : Fabrelatre
Marianik Revillon : Emma
Guy Saint-Jean : un gendarme
Bernard Waver : un gendarme
Reine Bartève : Judith
Michel Berto : Bébé007
Production
The screenplay is based on the 1972 novel Malevil by French science fiction writer Robert Merle. Despite using the book's characters, the plot deviates almost entirely from the book. A different ending was also used in the film. Merle, who believed that the spirit of their novel had been misrepresented, asked for their name to be not mentioned in the credits. Instead, the film states the film was only inspired by the novel Malevil (French:inspiré librement du roman Malevil).
External links
Malevil'' at the Internet Movie Database
1981 films
1980s science fiction drama films
Films scored by Gabriel Yared
Films directed by Christian de Chalonge
Films set in France
French post-apocalyptic films
French science fiction drama films
1981 drama films
1980s French-language films
1980s French films
is a retired Japanese judoka.
Saito is from Sapporo, Hokkaidō. They belonged to Asahi Kasei after graduation from Kokushikan University in 2000.
Saito was good at Uchimata and Newaza in high-school days and was expected to get medal of Olympic Games or World Championships in the future. But they were not able to use the skill of them by the trouble of knee like Anterior cruciate ligament injury since 2000.
In 2005, they won a gold medal at the Asian Championships and All-Japan Selected Championships with the skill that they learned newly like Kata guruma, Ōuchi gari and Kuchiki taoshi. But they were not chosen as a Japanese representative at the World Championships held in Cairo.
They have coached judo at Asahi Kasei since 2010. Among their students is Tatsuki Masubuchi
Yohei Takai and so on.
Their younger brother, is also famous judoka and won a gold medal at the Kodokan Cup in 2001.
Achievements
1994 - All-Japan Junior Championships (-86 kg) 2nd
- Inter-highschool championships (-86 kg) 3rd
1995 - Kodokan Cup (-86 kg) 2nd
- Inter-highschool championships (-86 kg) 1st
1996 - Jigoro Kano Cup (-86 kg) 3rd
- All-Japan Selected Championships (-86 kg) 3rd
- All-Japan Junior Championships (-86 kg) 1st
1997 - Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 2nd
- All-Japan Junior Championships (-86 kg) 1st
- All-Japan University Championships (-86 kg) 3rd
1998 - All-Japan University Championships (-90 kg) 3rd
1999 - Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 3rd
- All-Japan University Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
2000 - All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
2001 - All-Japan Selected Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
- Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 1st
2002 - All-Japan Selected Championships (-90 kg) 3rd
- All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 1st
2003 - Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 2nd
- All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 1st
2004 - Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 1st
- All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 1st
2005 - Asian Championships (-90 kg) 1st
- All-Japan Selected Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
- Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 1st
2006 - All-Japan Selected Championships (-90 kg) 1st
- Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 1st
2007 - Jigoro Kano (-90 kg) 3rd
- All-Japan Selected Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
- Kodokan Cup (-90 kg) 1st
2008 - All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
2009 - All-Japan Businessgroup Championships (-90 kg) 2nd
References
Japanese male judoka
Sportspeople from Sapporo
1977 births
Living people
Suwat Jangyodsuk (; born 20 December 1961) is a Thai police officer who served as the 12th Commissioner-General of the Royal Thai Police.
Early life and education
Suwat Jangyodsuk was born in Khlong Khuean District, Chachoengsao Province on 20 December 1961. Suwat completed their lower secondary education at Saint Louis School, Chachoengsao (science-mathematics program). They later attended Triam Udom Suksa School for one year before transferring to the Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School (AFAPS). They graduated from AFAPS Class 20, same class with the current Vice-Chamberlain of the Bureau of the Royal Household and former Commander in Chief of the Royal Thai Army, Apirat Kongsompong and former Commissioner-General of the Royal Thai Police, Chakthip Chaijinda.
Career
Suwat began their career at the Royal Thai Police as a deputy chief investigator at Hua Mak police station in Bangkok from 1983 to 1987. Their very early investigation dealt with a car robbery gang in Bangkok. They were transferred to become a personal secretary of former police chief Sant Sarutanond. They worked at the investigation section of the Metropolitan Police Division 1 for almost five years and was then promoted to the chief police investigator at Samut Prakan police station. Several years later, in 2013, they became a deputy chief of the Metropolitan Police Bureau in the intelligence department. They were admired as a skilled detective.
In 2020, The National Police Policy Board, headed by Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha, agreed unanimously to promote Suwat to Commissioner-General of the Royal Thai Police.
References
1961 births
Living people
Suwat Jangyodsuk
Suwat Jangyodsuk
Suwat Jangyodsuk
Papyrus 38 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by 𝔓38, is an early copy of part of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles, it contains only Acts 18:27-19:6.12-16. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the early 3rd century.
Although the text is quite short, the Greek text of this codex has been called a representative of the Western text-type. Aland named it as Free text and placed in Category IV. The text of this manuscript is related to Codex Bezae.
The manuscript was purchased in Cairo in 1924.
It is now in the University of Michigan (Inv. 1571) in Ann Arbor.
See also
Acts 18
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
Henry A. Sanders, A Papyrus Fragment of Acts in the Michigan Collection, Harvard Theological Review. vol. 20. 1927, pp. 1–19.
A. C. Clark, The Michigan Fragment of Acts, JTS XXIX (1927), pp. 18–28.
Silva New, The Michigan Papyrus Fragment 1571, in Beginnings of Christianity V (1933), pp. 262–268.
M.-J. Lagrange, Critique textuelle II, La Critique rationelle (Paris, 1935), pp. 402–405.
Henry A. Sanders, Michigan Papyri, University of Michigan Studies, Humanistic Series, XL (Ann Arbor, 1936), pp. 14–19.
New Testament papyri
4th-century biblical manuscripts
Acts of the Apostles papyri
Escharellidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera:
Bulbipora MacGillivray, 1895
Lapralioides Kluge, 1962
References
Bryozoan families
The Shoofly Village Ruin is an archaeological site located in the Tonto National Forest near Payson, Arizona.
In the 1980s Arizona State University (ASU) began the Payson Archaeological Research Expedition (PARE), a long-term research program that combined cultural resource management with an archaeological field school program. In cooperation with the Tonto National Forest, ASU personnel selected the Shoofly Village Ruins as the locale for the field school that began in 1984 and continued through four seasons. ASU personnel also conducted archaeological investigations in conjunction with a Tonto National Forest land exchange project. The goals of the research program were to define settlement patterns in the Payson region, in particular the relationship between the Shoofly Village and others, smaller with two to three structures, often three walled; rock-ringed roasting pits; and agricultural fields.
The Shoofly Village was built around 1000 CE, beginning a time of growth, development, and population aggregation. Occupation appears to have ended around 1300 CE.
A book by Charles L. Redman, People of the Tonto Rim: Archaeological Discovery in Prehistoric Arizona is a record of ASU's research on Shoofly Village. Redman presents a settlement model that defines household communities (small sites occupied by single households), hamlets, and primary villages. Four primary villages, of which Shoofly Village is the largest, are known to be present in the area. The primary villages are evenly spaced across the landscape within relatively large production zones. Shoofly occupies the northernmost position, a vantage that permitted special access to the resources directly below the Mogollon Rim and proximity to the route up and over the rim. Redman suggested that the spatial layout and architectural variability of the site indicates that it was a conglomeration of discrete units, each resembling individual hamlet sites. They propose that formerly separate social groups, each with its own distinctive building traditions, joined together to form the Shoofly Village. The village was built in four phases, with the "core" room block of contiguous masonry rooms constructed later than the surrounding compounds of low-walled, cobble-jacal masonry structures. This suggests that the architectural differences on which Redman focuses may be temporal as well as ethnic in origin, although the other primary villages in the area have a similar layout and presumably also building history.
References
External links
https://discovergilacounty.com/shoofly-indian-ruins
https://azruins.com/shoofly-village-ruin/
Tonto National Forest
Archaeological sites in Arizona
Arizona State University
Großenseebach is a village in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt in Bavaria in Germany.
History
First mentioned in 1348, the village was completely destroyed in the Thirty Years' War. Großenseebach belonged to Prussia from 1803–1810, then to Bavaria and was assigned to the city of Herzogenaurach in 1811. Today's political community came into being in 1818. 1980 the free communities Großenseebach and Heßdorf created the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Heßdorf". There are no grocery stores but plenty of carp ponds. The only fried carp available are at Kunnersch Annie‘s every Friday when in season.
Economy
Today most inhabitants work for the big companies in Erlangen, such as Siemens.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Reggie Oliver may refer to:
Reggie Oliver (writer)
Reggie Oliver (American football)
"The Circle" is a song by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene, released on 16 September 1996 as the fourth single form their second studio album, Moseley Shoals (1996). The song reached number six on the UK Singles Chart the same month. Like the previous single, this single was also released as an acoustic alternative on a second CD with additional B-sides.
Track listings
UK CD1
"The Circle"
"Mrs Jones"
"Cool Cool Water"
"Top of the World"
UK CD2
"The Circle" (acoustic)
"Chelsea Walk"
"Alibis"
"Day Tripper" (featuring Liam and Noel Gallagher)
UK cassette single
"The Circle"
"Day Tripper"
Credits and personnel
Credits are taken from the Moseley Shoals album booklet.
Studio
Recorded and mixed at Moseley Shoals (Birmingham, England)
Mastered at the Powerplant (London, England)
Personnel
Ocean Colour Scene – writing, production
Simon Fowler – vocals, acoustic guitar
Steve Cradock – guitar, piano, vocals
Oscar Harrison – drums, piano, vocals
Damon Minchella – bass guitar
Paul Weller – guitar
Brendan Lynch – production
Martin Heyes – engineering
Tony Keach – assistant engineering
Tim Young – mastering
Charts
References
External links
1996 Billboard magazine review of Moseley Shoals
Ocean Colour Scene official website
Ocean Colour Scene songs
1996 singles
1996 songs
MCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Brendan Lynch (music producer)
Songs written by Damon Minchella
Songs written by Oscar Harrison
Songs written by Simon Fowler
Songs written by Steve Cradock
is a Japanese feminine given name.
People
, a Japanese voice actor
Fictional characters
, a character in the Japanese light novel, manga and anime series Nogizaka Haruka no Himitsu.
, a character in the Japanese video game Tales of Symphonia
, a character in the Japanese manga series Shadow Star
, a character in the Japanese light novel, manga and anime series A Certain Magical Index
, a character in the visual novel Katawa Shoujo
, a character in the Japanese manga series Magic of Stella
, a schoolgirl character in the Japanese shōnen manga series Akumetsu
, a character in the Japanese light novel, manga and anime series Sakurasou no Pet na Kanojo.
Japanese feminine given names
Belcier station is located online of the tramway de Bordeaux.
Location
The station is located on Eugène Delacroix road in Bordeaux.
Junctions
Buses of the TBC:
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Railway stations in France opened in 2008
Tram stops in Bordeaux
I. bidentata may refer to:
Idiocnemis bidentata, a white-legged damselfly
Isotomiella bidentata, a springtail first described in 1950
Henry Fyshe Gisborne (1813–1841) was the first Commissioner for Crown Lands of the Port Phillip District, founder of Flemington Racecourse and petitioner for Victoria's separation from New South Wales.
Early career
Henry Fyshe Gisborne was the son of Thomas Gisborne the Younger and Elizabeth Fysche Palmer, daughter of John Palmer. They were educated at Harrow, Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, which they left without obtaining a degree.
They left England due to ill health and travelled to Australia, landing in Sydney in 1834. In 1837 Gisborne was dispatched by Governor Bourke as police magistrate to Wellington, in the recently colonised Australian hinterland beyond the Blue Mountains where they attempted to keep the peace among early settlers and the native Wiradjuri.
In Victoria
In 1839 Governor Gipps appointed Gisborne Commissioner of Crown Lands of the Port Phillip District. Gisborne's official activities included scouting the hitherto little explored areas of central Victoria. Gisborne led their detachment of Border Police troopers in a skirmish known as the 'Battle of Yering' (no recorded loss of life on either side) at which the Wurundjeri chief Jaga Jaga (also known as Jackie Jackie) was captured, only to be rescued following the diversionary tactics of their colleagues.
When not out on expedition, Gisborne's contribution to early Melbourne society included penning articles for local paper and patronising the Melbourne Club. Their social activities attracted unfavourable notices from Governor Gipps, but this displeasure was overlooked by Gisborne's immediate superior, Superintendent (later Governor) Charles La Trobe. Gisborne's most notable contributions to the fledgeling city were moving the site of Melbourne's turf meetings to their current location by the Maribyrnong River at Flemington Racecourse, donating the first books to the Mechanics' Institute (now the Athenaeum Library) and in June 1840 drafting and delivering the first petition for the separation of the Port Phillip District to Governor Gipps.
In 1841, in ill health, Gisborne sailed from Sydney for England. They died between the Cape of Good Hope and Saint Helena on 21 April 1841 at the age of twenty-seven.
Places named after Gisborne
Gisborne, Victoria - named by Governor La Trobe
Gisborne Street - behind Parliament House, Melbourne, in recognition of the first petition for Victorian separation
References
1813 births
1841 deaths
19th-century Australian public servants
People educated at Harrow School
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Ken Ring may refer to:
Ken Ring (rapper) (born 1979), Swedish hip hop rapper
Ken Ring (writer), New Zealand weather predicter
Ken Merckx, a.k.a. Ken Ring, actor
Kenneth Ring, psychology professor specialising in near-death experiences
Louis Lacy Clinton Kimbrough (March 8, 1933 – April 9, 1996) was an actor from the United States.
Early life
Kimbrough was born in Oklahoma City, to parents Fred and Lucinda (Yoakum) Kimbrough. After their birth, their family moved to Allen, Oklahoma, where Kimbrough attended Allen High School (AHS), graduating in 1951.
Kimbrough demonstrated theatrical ability while still at school. In 1948, as President of Allen's Teen Town, they helped produce the "Gay Nineties Ball". As a junior at AHS, they wrote, produced and directed the 1950 senior play, a full-length production entitled Broadway. After graduating from AHS, Kimbrough enrolled for a year at Oklahoma University.
They then completed two years in the US Signal Corps, stationed in Korea, before they made their professional stage debut in Brandon Thomas's play Charley's Aunt in 1953 aged 20, billed as "Lewis Clinton Kimbrough".
American Academy of Dramatic Arts and the Actors Studio
They subsequently enrolled in the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York. Shortly thereafter, with the help of fellow Oklahoman Lonny Chapman, Kimbrough joined Lee Strasberg's Actors Studio, an incubator for acting talent. Kimbrough gained a reputation for their ability to understand the character they were asked to play. Their work with The Actors Studio resulted in their first film role, The Strange One, which used a cast and crew entirely of Actors Studio personnel. An appearance in A Face in the Crowd followed, and Kimbrough established a working relationship with director Elia Kazan that lasted ten years.
Theater
Kimbrough appeared in an 11-month Broadway run of Thornton Wilder's Our Town, directed by José Quintero. During the 1960s, Kimbrough worked in the theater and on Broadway, performing the works of Shakespeare, Arthur Miller, Neil Simon, Eugene O'Neill and Tennessee Williams.
Television
In the late 1950s, Kimbrough appeared on live television on numerous occasions, including weekly shows such as Westinghouse Studio One, G.E. Theater and U.S. Steel Hour. They were in an NBC TV production of Our Town, again directed by José Quintero.
Film
Kimbrough had a feature role in Hal B. Wallis's 1958 Hot Spell. They moved from New York to Hollywood in the late 1960s and developed an association with Roger Corman, known as "King of the B Movies", with roles in several 1970s film productions, such as Von Richthofen and Brown, Bloody Mama, Crazy Mama and the Nurse movies.
Personal life
Kimbrough was at one time married to Frances Doel, writer of Crazy Mama. They died in Ada, Oklahoma in 1996, of pneumonia.
Clint Kimbrough Film Festival
Since 2007, a film festival has taken place in Allen, Oklahoma during the annual Alumni Weekend in June, aiming to acquaint the public with Kimbrough's career and work.
Performance history
Broadway (March 10, 1950) – (play written, directed and produced by 17-year-old Kimbrough, a junior at Allen High School, staged at the AHS Gymnasium)
Charley's Aunt (1953) – Brassett (Stage debut of "Lewis Clinton Kimbrough" as a member of the Gateway Stock Company of New York at Gatlinburg, Tennessee)
Picnic (1955) - Bomber the paper boy (While studying at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts; opened at the Barbizon-Plaza Theatre in New York City on October 28, 1955)
Dulcy (1956) – Tom Sterrett (As a senior at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts; Staged at the Coronet Theatre in New York City, March 29, 1956)
Mister Roberts (1956) – Payne (December 10, 1956, New York City Center production)
South Pacific (1957) – uncredited sailor (Staged during the Spring 1957 season at the New York City Center by the NYCC Light Opera Company)
The Strange One (1957) (Kimbrough' first film performance, released by Columbia in April, 1957)* Arms and the Man (1957) – (Stock production)
Studio One: "The Weston Strain" (May 27, 1957) – Paul (Kimbrough's first television appearance)
Studio One: "The Night America Trembled" (Season 10, Episode 1; September 9, 1957) – Bob
Hot Spell (1958) – Billy
U.S. Steel Hour: "Trap for a Stranger" (February 25, 1959) – Elroy Hubbard
Alfred Hitchcock Presents: "Appointment at Eleven" (Season 5; October 11, 1959) – Davie Logan
Our Town (November 13, 1959) – George Gibbs (NBC production)
General Electric Theater: "The Last Dance" (November 22, 1959)
R.C.M.P. (Royal Canadian Mounted Police): "Target for the Law" (Season 1, Episode 25; May 4, 1960) – Mattice
Camino Real (1960) – Kilroy (Off-Broadway, St. Marks Playhouse production opening May 16, 1960)
Laurette (1960) – Jack (Opening at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut on September 30, 1960)
U.S. Steel Hour: "Summer Rhapsody" (Season 8, Episode 18; May 3, 1961)
Look, We've Come Through (1961) – (Premiered October 25, 1961 at the Hudson Theatre)
Time Remembered (1963) – Prince Albert (Opened July 9, 1963 at the Peninsula Players Garden Theatre in Fish Creek, Wisconsin)
Shot in the Dark (1963) – Young magistrate (Opened July 16, 1963 at the Peninsula Players Fish Creek Theater)
The Zoo Story (1963) – Young hoodlum (Production by the Peninsula Players of Fish Creek, Wisconsin)* Come Blow Your Horn (1963) – Elder brother (Opened August 20, 1963, performed by the Peninsula Players)
But For Whom Charlie (1964) – Willard Prosper (By the Lincoln Center Repertory Co. under the direction of Elia Kazan)
The Changeling (1964) – Pedro (Production of the Lincoln Center Repertory Co. under the direction of Elia Kazan)
Incident at Vichy (1965) – Nazi Professor Hoffman (Production of the Lincoln Center Repertory Co. under the direction of Elia Kazan)
Tartuffe (1965) – unnamed role (Ran January 14, 1965 to May 22, 1965, at the Repertory Theater of the Lincoln Center, New York City)
Saint Joan (1965) – Dunois (Opened a new season at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater on October 29, 1965)
Diary of a Scoundrel (1965) – Gloumov (Opened November 18, 1965 at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater)
Henry IV, Part 1 (1966) – Prince Hal (Opened February 27, 1966 at the Milwaukee Repertory Theater)
Marat/Sade (1966) – Marat (Opened October 24, 1966 at Theatre Co. of Boston)
Crazy Mama (1970) - Daniel the father
Bloody Mama (1970) – Arthur Barker
The Night Thoreau Spent in Jail (1971) – Henry David Thoreau (Opened October 13, 1971 at the New Mexico State University Theater)
Von Richthofen and Brown (1971) – German Major Von Hoeppner
Magic Carpet (November 6, 1972) – John Doolittle (Filmed on location and first broadcast by NBC as the unsuccessful pilot for a weekly TV series)
The Crucible (1972) – Jon Proctor (New Mexico State University production opening September 30, 1972)
Night Call Nurses (1972) – Dr. Bramlett
The Young Nurses (1973) – (as Director)
References
External links
Clint Kimbrough at the University of Wisconsin's Actors Studio audio collection
1996 deaths
1933 births
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Male actors from Oklahoma
University of Oklahoma alumni
20th-century American male actors
People from Allen, Oklahoma
ISO 3166-2:TM is the entry for Turkmenistan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Turkmenistan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 5 regions and 1 city. The city Ashgabat is the capital of the country and has special status equal to the regions.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Turkmenistan. The second part is a letter.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Turkmenistan
FIPS region codes of Turkmenistan
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: TM
Provinces of Turkmenistan, Statoids.com
2:TM
ISO 3166-2
Turkmenistan geography-related lists
In North Carolina, United States, the Sullivan Acts are a set of statutes passed by the North Carolina General Assembly in response to the bankrupting of all sewer and water districts in the City of Asheville and Buncombe County, North Carolina. As provided in the statute (Sullivan Act I), only the City of Asheville, in the provision of water, may not charge a higher rate for consumers outside city limits. Since the enactment of the legislation, several significant changes have come to Asheville: economic prosperity, adoption and termination of a City-County water agreement, and repeated efforts at overturning the legislation. While there are three Acts, the final two are modifications of the water agreement between the City of Asheville and Buncombe County.
Considering the scope of issues, ranging from home rule to water rights, many different avenues of solutions have been sought. A State Representative for the area (District 116) at the time, Tim Moffitt, initiated a study committee on the issue, but was met with local opposition. Many local citizens saw the move as continued domination by the North Carolina General Assembly and sought to regain water rights for Asheville. The study committee has recently decided to move control of the water system from the city to the Metropolitan Sewerage District.
Timeline
Below is the timeline of major events relating to the Sullivan Acts.
1920's: "Water districts emerge outside the city, taxing their own residents. They go broke during the Great Depression, and Buncombe County takes on the debt ... Asheville eventually annexes the areas, taking on the debt."
1933: The Sullivan Act is passed.
1955: "Asheville passes higher water rates for noncity customers."
1958: "North Carolina Supreme Court upholds Sullivan and finds the higher rates illegal."
1981: "Buncombe County and Asheville form a water authority, but it is not fully independent. The agreement allows each government to take money from water system profits."
2004: City announces termination of the water authority, per agreement rules, and plans to take control of the system.
June 29, 2005: The North Carolina General Assembly "passes Sullivan II and Sullivan III, reinforcing the rate structure, requiring Asheville to extend water service to noncity residents and mandating that all water revenue go back into the water system."
June 30, 2005: "The water agreement ends and the system becomes an Asheville department."
August 10, 2005: "Asheville sues over the Sullivan Acts in Wake County Superior Court."
February 2, 2007: "Judge Howard E. Manning Jr., finds in favor of the state and county."
History
The 1920s brought prosperity to many regions until the beginning of the Great Depression, which bankrupted many regions. For the City of Asheville and Buncombe County, North Carolina, the Great Depression caused major economic damage that boiled over into other areas:
The most obvious implication of the legislation comes from the city's inability to incentivize annexation as many other cities do. However, the overall economics of Sullivan Act I meant a large percentage of water revenues were for debt obligations and general fund dollars were spent on expansion and maintenance. While the city fought against the law for years, Asheville contested in the Sullivan act in the 1950s and the North Carolina Supreme Court upheld the law. Later on, the city launched a failed effort for the legislature to overturn the registration.
The City/County water agreement
Asheville faced exhaustive spending on the water system because the facilities were constructed around the 1920s and the revenue constriction of Sullivan Act I. In 1981, the city and county created a water agreement. Under this agreement, some rules were laid out:
The water system was governed by a city and county appointed water authority.
Asheville's City Manager still hired water system personnel.
Titles for large city owned properties were transferred to the county, which they maintained and managed.
Asheville "agreed not to mount further challenges to [the] Sullivan Act."
"The county also agreed to pay all municipalities in the county a payment that represented the amount of the Sheriff's Department budget allocated to patrol and investigation functions."
"Under the agreement, 5 percent of water revenues went to the city and 2.5 percent to the county."
As time passed, few problems occurred until 1994 when a potential water shortage threatened the area.
Henderson County is located just south of Buncombe County. Unfortunately, for all the parties involved, the new structure was very difficult. In 2003, Asheville had such dissatisfaction with maintenance and Buncombe County rejected implementing new fees. Thus, "in 2005, Asheville dissolved a joint control agreement with Buncombe and Henderson counties and took sole ownership." For the city, repairs, better system control, growth control, better rates, and the promotion of voluntary annexation were all cited as reasons for termination of the water agreement. However, Buncombe County Commissioners, along with state representatives, stated that businesses needed to be protected. Thereby, the Commissioners petitioned the state legislature to reinforce the original Sullivan Act via Sullivan Acts II and III.
Current status
The last of the legal attempts to overturn the Sullivan Acts was 2008. Overall, courts have decided that "water customers in and outside the city, rather than city taxpayers, had the greatest stake in the system because bonds were backed by water bill payments, not city taxes." Technically, with the city-county agreement dissolved, Sullivan Acts II and III no longer apply. Only Sullivan Act I, reaffirmed by Sullivan Acts II and III, remains applicable law.
The most recent debate began when the North Carolina General Assembly placed tight restrictions on annexation along with Representative Moffitt's help on further restrictions specific to the Biltmore Lake subdivision that Asheville was attempting to involuntarily annex. Shortly thereafter, Asheville City Council "raised fees by a total of $340,000 on high volume users, including many businesses." The city cited a study supporting the increase because rates for high-volume users were low compared to similar areas. Representative Moffitt "called the rise 'arbitrary,' saying the city could pick and choose which studies to use." However, city leaders emphasized the fee increase as a necessary part of keeping up the system.
On May 4, 2011, Representative Tim Moffitt "introduced a bill that called for seizing the [water system] ... and handing it off to the Metropolitan Sewerage District."
Both representation and location plagued the committee as issues. The study committee was composed of four Republicans and one Democrat, with three of the committee members not located in the mountains of North Carolina (where Asheville is located). Moreover, in the actual area of the water system, two representatives, both Democrats, were left out of the committee. Based on the 2010 North Carolina General Assembly House Districts, these two representatives, Susan Fisher and Patsy Keever, represented approximately 61% of rate-payers. With 2012's redistricting, Fisher and Keever represent 68% of rate-payers. Thus, only one committee member, Tim Moffitt, represented Asheville and Representative Chuck McGrady represented Henderson County, where the water system was extended into the northern part of the county in 1994. Respectively, these representatives represent 39% based on 2010 maps and 32% based on the 2012 redistricting maps.
On location, all committee meetings were held in Raleigh, except for the February 21, 2012, Public Hearing. The public hearing brought may residents, ratepayers, and elected officials from the cities and counties. While no Asheville residents who addressed the hearing favored any change, the response from elected officials was a little more mixed.
The news leading up to the decision date suggested a high likelihood of the regional metropolitan sewerage district regaining control, though the representation issues were not specifically worked out. On April 13, 2012, the study committee released a unanimous decision: "The General Assembly should mandate that the $173.5 million system be transferred to the public body that runs Buncombe's sewage system by 2013 ... Or the city and the Buncombe County Metropolitan Sewerage District can first work out a deal." As Representative Moffitt stated, "taking the system from the city would ensure that water customers outside Asheville would never be charged higher rates than city residents." Thereby, the study committee's recommendation continues to uphold the Sullivan Acts. The Asheville City Council seems to be against the decision, though no official statement has been released. Overall, based on the study committee's report, privatization and consolidation of the region's water resources seem to be an end-goal.
References
North Carolina law
Edvard Heiberg (11 June 1911, in Oslo – 10 June 2000, in Oslo) was a Norwegian director and engineer.
Heiberg was the youngest son of barrister Axel Heiberg (1875–1952) and their wife Ragnhild Krohg (1879–1947). They had two brothers, Axel Heiberg Jr. (1908–1988) and Bernt Heiberg (1909–2001). In 1937, they married Karin Eldrid Heiberg (1915–92), with whom they had the sons Arvid Heiberg (1937–). and Henning Heiberg (8 September 1940).
They started studying in 1929, and graduated in 1934 from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim. In 1935, they were employed by the construction company F. Selmer A/S. In the same year, they became assisting engineer in the Norwegian State Railways. From 1937 to 1938, they managed the construction of the Sørland Line, in particular the section from Kristiansand to Moi Station. During the 1940s, they had various positions in the state railways. From 1949 to 1953, they headed the operation department of the state railways.
In 1953, they were appointed managing director of Holmenkolbanen, where they remained until 1967. They were also chairperson of the Norwegian Polytechnic Society from 1958 to 1959, and chairperson of the Institute of Transport Economics between 1963 and 1970. After that, they returned to the Norwegian State Railways, where they were appointed director-general. During their leadership of the company, Heiberg became famous for the phrase "The railway is being strangled by impotent car users".
Heiberg was the last director-general of the state railways who lived in the large director-general house of the company at Filipstad in Oslo. In 1978, they retired from their position in the state railways. They were the last director-general of the state company who had voluntary resigned from the position.
In 1972, they were decorated as a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. They were also decorated with the Danish Order of the Dannebrog and the Swedish Order of the Polar Star. Heiberg died on 10 June 2000 in Oslo, the day before their 89th birthday.
References
Norwegian State Railways (1883–1996) people
1911 births
2000 deaths
Norwegian railway civil engineers
Norwegian chief executives
Holmenkolbanen people
The 2017 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women was the qualifying tournament for FIBA Asia at the 2018 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women. Originally slated to be held at Hyderabad, the tournament venue was moved and held in Bengaluru, India from October 22 to 28.
stormed back from a 13-point deficit in the third quarter to eke out a come-from-behind 61–60 win against in the Finals, notching their first-ever championship in the tournament. Meanwhile, dethroned defending champions salvaged the bronze medal after dispatching , 60–43.
All these teams will represent FIBA Asia to the next year's FIBA U17 Women's World Cup to be held in Belarus.
Venues
Qualified teams
For Division A:
Semifinalists of the 2015 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women:
Qualifying round winners at the 2015 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women:
Teams from FIBA Oceania:
For Division B:
The host nation, being relegated to Division B at the previous championship:
Early registrants for the Division B slots from FIBA Asia:
Competition format
The tournament composed of two divisions, Division A and Division B.
For each division, during the Group Phase, eight participating teams were divided into two groups (A and B) of four teams each. Each team played all the other teams in its own group (a total of three games for each team), and all four teams in each group advanced to their division's Quarter-finals. A total of twelve games were played in the Group Phase.
During the Final Phase, Quarter-finals games were decided on the ranking of the participating teams in the Group Phase:
Game 13: 1st A v 4th B
Game 14: 2nd B v 3rd B
Game 15: 3rd A v 2nd B
Game 16: 4th A v 1st B
For Division A, the four winners advanced to the Semi-finals and to the 2018 FIBA Under-17 World Championship for Women.
Meanwhile, the four losing quarterfinalists went on to play 5th-8th Classification Games wherein the two winners advanced to play 5-6 Classification Game, while the two losers played 7-8 Classification Game
During the Semi-Finals, the four teams played as follows:
Game 21: Winner of Game 13 v Winners of Game 14
Game 22: Winner of Game 15 v Winners of Game 16
In determining the Champions and the Third Place winner, the four teams played as follows:
Game 23: Loser of Game 21 v Losers of Game 22
Game 24: Winner of Game 21 v Winners of Game 22
For Division B, the Champions will earn the right to be promoted to the next championship, replacing the last-placed (eighth placer) team from Division A.
Divisions
Division A will include teams that won in the 2015 qualifying round and the semifinalists of the previous championship. FIBA Oceania teams and will compete in the tournament for the first time and will be placed in the same division.
Division B included the host team, previous championship Level II participants and . Returning participant that was absent two years ago is . Completing the seven-team Division B were the first-time participants , and .
Included were the FIBA World Rankings prior to the draw.
Squads
Division A
All times are local (UTC+05:30)
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Knockout round
Bracket
5th place bracket
Quarterfinals
5–8th place semifinals
Semifinals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Final standing
Division B
All times are local (UTC+05:30)
Preliminary round
Group A
Group B
Knockout round
Bracket
5th place bracket
Quarterfinals
5–8th place semifinal
Semifinals
Fifth place game
Third place game
Final
Final standing
Statistical leaders
Players
Points
Rebounds
Steals
Assists
Blocks
Other statistical leaders
Teams
Points
Rebounds
Assists
Steals
Blocks
Other statistical leaders
References
External links
2017 FIBA Asia Under-16 Championship for Women
2017
2017 in women's basketball
2017–18 in Asian basketball
2017
Bask
basketball
Basketball in Bangalore
October 2017 sports events in Asia
Leland Swarts Devore (January 8, 1889 – January 15, 1939) was an American college football player and military officer. They played football as a tackle with Army and was a consensus selection on the 1911 College Football All-America Team.
Biography
Devore grew up in Wheeling, West Virginia and was the son of James Harvey Devore, a prominent West Virginia broker. They graduated from Wheeling High School and enrolled at the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Devore, who was 6 feet, 4 inches tall, and weighed 225 pounds, played at the tackle position for Army's football team while attending West Point. In 1911, Devore was selected as a first-team All-American, then selected as the captain of the 1912 Army Cadets football team. Devore was also the heavyweight boxing champion at the academy, the silver medalist in heavyweight wrestling, and lettered in both baseball and basketball.
Devore was commissioned as a lieutenant in the infantry and accompanied Gen. John J. Pershing on the Pancho Villa Expedition into Mexico in 1916. The expedition marked the first use of motorized transport trucks and cars by the U.S. Army, and Devore was selected as the Army's first motor transport officer. Devore served as an infantry officer in France during World War I where they were wounded.
Devore spent their career in the Army and was promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel. Devore was married to Genevieve (Welty) Devore, and the couple had a son, Leland S. Devore, Jr.
Devore later served as commandant and professor of military science at West Virginia University. They died on January 15, 1939 at Walter Reed Hospital in Washington, D. C. following a long illness.
References
1889 births
1939 deaths
American football tackles
Army Black Knights baseball players
Army Black Knights football players
Army Black Knights men's basketball players
All-American college football players
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of World War I
West Virginia University faculty
Sportspeople from Wheeling, West Virginia
Players of American football from West Virginia
Baseball players from West Virginia
Basketball players from West Virginia
Military personnel from Wheeling, West Virginia
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
Three ships of the United States Navy have borne the name USS Reuben James. Reuben James was a boatswain's mate who distinguished themselves fighting the Barbary pirates.
The first , a four-stack , was the first US Navy ship sunk by hostile action in the European Theatre in World War II.
The second , a , escorted convoys during World War II.
The third was an guided missile frigate.
United States Navy ship names
The Eretnids () were an Anatolian beylik that succeeded the Ilkhanid governors in Anatolia and that ruled in a large region extending between Caesarea (Kayseri), Sebastea (Sivas) and Amaseia (Amasya) in Central Anatolia between 1328 and 1381. The dynasty was founded by Eretna, an officer of Uyghur<ref>Yılmaz Öztuna, Devletler ve hânedanlar: Türkiye : 1074 - 1990, Vol.2, Türkiye Kültür Bakanlığı, 2005, p.51, Online Edition</ref>Jonathan M. Bloom, Sheila Blair, Oxford University Press, 2009, p.60, Online Edition "In the early 14th century, the city passed to the Uighur chief Eretna." origin in the service of Ilkhanid governors of Anatolia. Although short-lived, the Beylik of Eretna left important works of architecture. The name of Eretna may be derived from Sanskrit word Ratna'' "Jewel" or Tuvan (Turkic) "Ertine" (эртине) "treasure, jewel, value, esteem, appreciate, dignify, treasure, cherish".
The dynasty's founder, Eretna, was a Mongol officer of Uyghur origin in the service of Timurtash, the Ilkhanid governor of Anatolia. After their master unsuccessfully revolted in 1327 to ally with the Mamluks in response to the fate of their father Chupan, Ilkhan Abu Said appointed Eretna a governor of Anatolia. Eretna, who established their own beylik with the title of Sultan under the protection of the Mamluk Sultanate (Cairo), also knew Arabic and was considered a scholar.
After Eretna's death, their lands were nibbled away by the Ottomans in the west and the Aq Qoyunlu in the east due to internal disputes between the Eretnids. The Beylik's last ruler, Muhammad II, was replaced by their vizier Kadi Burhan al-Din who reigned in the same region for another eighteen years, a period some sources consider as a continuation of the same institutional structure, while other sources treat as being separate.
List of Eretna rulers
Ala al-Din Eretna ibn Jafar 1336–1352
Giyath al-Din Muhammad 1352–1366
'Ali 1366–1380
Muhammad Çelebi 1380
Kadi Burhan al-Din
See also
List of Shia Muslim dynasties
References
External links
Anatolian beyliks
History of Kayseri Province
History of Sivas Province
History of Amasya Province
States in medieval Anatolia
States and territories established in 1335
States and territories established in 1381
Thma Bang District is one of six districts (srok) and a municipality of Koh Kong Province in south-west Cambodia. It is about from central Koh Kong. Thma Bang district is bordered on the east by Sre Ambel District and Aoral District of Kompong Speu Province, on the west by Koh Kong District and Mondol Sima District, on the north by Velveng District and Krovanh District of Pursat Province and on the south by Botumsakor District. Thma Bang district has 6 communes comprising to 17 villages and occupies . About 98% of the population are farmers who depend on agriculture and forest resources hunting for living.
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
is a series of shoot 'em up video games developed by Success. The series debuted with Cotton: Fantastic Night Dreams in 1991 and has spanned a history of releases in arcades and on consoles. The Cotton games helped establish the cute 'em up subgenre. Instead of warships and battlefields typical of most shoot 'em ups, Cotton games put players in control of a witch riding on a broom and tasks them with fighting through magical haunted kingdoms. Seven games were released between 1991 and 2003. Following an 18-year gap, the series was reintroduced with Cotton Reboot! and Cotton Fantasy: Superlative Night Dreams (titled Cotton Rock 'n' Roll: Superlative Night Dreams in Japan) in 2021.
Games
Series overview
The games in the Cotton series follows a young witch named Cotton who has an addiction to Willow.  They are accompanied by the fairy Silk. Most of the games in the Cotton series are side scrolling shooting games. Cotton is classified as a "Cute 'em up", which is a sub-genre of shmups that tend to have unusual, oftentimes completely bizarre opponents for the player to fight. The character Silk functions similar to the "options" from the Gradius series. Rainbow Cotton is the first game in the series to be fully 3D.
Each Cotton game features a unique story that is loosely connected to the other games in the series. All of these stories revolve around the obsession of a young witch named Nata de Cotton with a magical type of candy called "Willow". Cotton is a red-haired pre-teen witch with a hunger for Willow candy that drives all of their actions.  They are hot-headed, immature, and often overreacts. Although their quests in each game are ultimately to serve a higher purpose, they are never involved personally for any reason other than the prospect of getting to eat a Willow. In a typical Cotton game, Cotton will embark on their journey through the game's stages with the hope that they will be rewarded with a Willow at the end. However, when the game is over, they almost always winds up empty-handed.
Other appearances
The main character Cotton has had appearances in other works:
Rondo of Swords: Although not a Cotton game specifically, the willow obsessed witch joins your party in this strategy role-playing title, also made by Success.
Trouble Witches Origin - Episode 1: Daughters of Amalgam: The first time Cotton has appeared with their classic gameplay in nearly a couple of decades, their first video game appearance anywhere in a decade and the first time they have been in a video game not developed by their company of origin, Success. A game centering around witches and is similarly in the shmup genre, Cotton tags along as a DLC character. This also marks the first appearance of the fairy Silk since Rainbow Cotton nearly a couple of decades ago.
Umihara Kawase Fresh! Cotton makes an appearance as a playable character.
In 1994 Cotton - Minakami Hiroki is part of The Gamest Comics Collection.
In 2012, A manga titled Toriaezu supīdoappu demo shite oku no Kokoro! (とりあえずスピードアップでもしておくのココロ！?)
References
External links
Success 40th Anniversary page for Cotton
Video game franchises
Video game franchises introduced in 1991
Horizontally scrolling shooters
Success (company) games
Video games featuring female protagonists
Video games about witchcraft
Cotton (series)
Talpa is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Linia Costii, Rotărești, Talpa-Bâscoveni, Talpa-Ogrăzile (the commune center), and Talpa Poștei.
The commune is situated in the Wallachian Plain. It is located in the northern part of Teleorman County, from the county seat, Alexandria.
The 1987 movie The Moromete Family, as well as its 2018 sequel, , were shot in Talpa.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Kotli Kohala () is a village situated in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.
References
Villages in Gujrat District
Yu-7 or Yu 7 may refer to:
Yu-7 torpedo, a Chinese torpedo
, an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of World War II
Tsiu Monne (born 22 June 1962) is a Lesotho boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Lesotho male boxers
Olympic boxers of Lesotho
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
Mawatari is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese footballer
Junki Mawatari (born 1996), Japanese footballer
Kazuaki Mawatari (born 1991), Japanese footballer
Matsuko Mawatari (born 1967), Japanese pop singer-songwriter
Tatsuharu Mawatari (born 1957), Japanese politician
Yuki Mawatari (born 1909), Japanese swimmer
Japanese-language surnames
The four great Venetian Ospedali (Ospedali Grandi, also referred to as the Ospedali Maggiori) - the Ospedale della Pietà, the Ospedale degl'Incurabili, the Ospedale di Santa Maria dei Derelitti, and the Ospedale di San Lazzaro dei Mendicanti - were charitable hospices, which provided a wide range of services for the needy of Venice. They are most famously recognized for educating select female pupils (called figlie del coro) to professional levels of musicianship and attracting many European tourists to hear their all-female ensembles perform religious services and special concerts throughout the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. The musical training in the Ospedali Grandi is often thought of as a precursor to the training in European conservatories of the 19th century.
Historical background
Venice had a long history of caring for its sick, homeless, poor, and orphaned before the four Ospedali Grandi became recognized as a group musical institutions. The Ospedale degl'Incurabili (1522), the Ospedale di Santa Maria dei Derelitti (1528), and the Ospedale di San Lazzaro e dei Mendicanti (1595) all emerged from hospices that had been formed in Venice in the previous centuries. Each catered to a different need: the Incurabili took in all who contracted incurable diseases such as syphilis or the bubonic plague; the Derelitti provided a place of refuge for the homeless; the Mendicanti cared for beggars and orphans; while the Pietà (1346), which was founded from an orphanage, exclusively took in foundlings.
The Ospedali Grandi's all-female musical ensembles - called cori - originated in the middle of the sixteenth century. The cori first performed music only for religious functions, and all music was taught either by current residents of the institutions who were already musically proficient or by hired church musicians (nuns or priests). During this time, the training in music was only meant to strengthen the liturgical services. Additionally, the figlie del coro were always required to perform in raised galleries, which had grating that hid the musicians from the eyes of the audience.
By mid-seventeenth century, however, the Ospedali governors realized the economic potential of the cori, and they began to hire many professional external musicians and composers to teach performance practice, sight singing, ear training, music theory, and instrumental techniques. The higher-quality musical training yielded larger donations from patrons and visitors. Many of the figlie del coro would stay at the Ospedali for their whole lives, passing their musical knowledge and experience to younger residents, creating a continuing tradition of musical excellence for women in Venice.
The Ospedali reached their pinnacle between 1720-80: the musical ensembles grew in number, and the governors hired even more instrumental teachers and composers. By the middle of the eighteenth century, the Ospedali Grandi had mostly moved away from having older figlie del coro teach beginning students. Instead, they adopted the master and pupil system of education: master teachers, who already held successful reputations, composed for the Ospedali and trained the figlie. Hiring the most famous composers became essential to attracting larger and wealthier audiences. A few special visitors also gained permission from the governors to view and listen to the women perform behind the grates.
Due to the financial instability in Venice at the end of the eighteenth century, however, the Ospedali fell into bankruptcy. The Derelitti closed in 1791, followed by the Medicanti in 1795. After Napoleon's invasion of Venice in 1797, all musical activities at the Ospedali were reduced. The Incurabili closed in 1805, leaving only the Pietà's musical activity to survive Napoleon's government takeover. The Pietà's last known musical composition was performed in 1840.
Composers and Teachers
Giovanni Rovetta (1596-1668)
Giovanni Legrenzi (1626-1690)
Carlo Grossi (1634-1688)
Giovanni Domenico Partenio (before 1650-1701)
Carlo Francesco Pollarolo (c. 1653-1723)
Francesco Gasparini (1661-1727)
Antonio Lotti (1667-1740)
Giovanni Porta (c. 1675-1755)
Antonio Vivaldi (1678-1741)
Nicola Porpora (1686-1768)
Johann Adolf Hasse (1699-1783)
Andrea Bernasconi (1706-1784)
Baldassare Galuppi (1706-1785)
Gaetano Latilla (1711-1788)
Niccolò Jommelli (1714-1774)
Ferdinando Bertoni (1725-1813)
Tommaso Traetta (1727-1779)
Pasquale Anfossi (1727-1797)
Bonaventura Furlanetto (1738-1817)
Domenico Cimarosa (1749-1801)
Sources
Arnold, Denis. “Music at the Ospedali.” Journal of the Royal Musical Association 113, no. 2 (1988).
Berdes, Jane L. Women Musicians of Venice: Musical Foundations 1525-1855. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1993.
Berdes, Jane L. and Joan Whittemore. Guide to Ospedali Research. New York: Pendragon Press, 2012.
Gillio, Pier Giuseppe. L'Attività musicale negli Ospedali di Venezia nel Settecento. Florence: Olschki, 2006.
Selfridge-Field, Eleanor. Venetian Instrumental Music from Gabrieli to Vivaldi. New York: Courier Dover Publications, 1994.
Tonelli, Vanessa. "Women and music in the Venetian Ospedali." Thesis. Michigan State University 2013.
References
Music schools in Italy
The election for the leadership of the Nova Scotia New Democratic Party was triggered on November 16, 2013, following Darrell Dexter's resignation after losing the seat they contested in the 2013 election. The party elected Gary Burrill as their new leader on February 27, 2016, following a one-member one-vote election held during a convention at the Holiday Inn Harbourview in Dartmouth.
Timeline
2013
October 8 – The 2013 general election is held, reducing the NS NDP to seven seats. Darrell Dexter, the party's leader since 2001, defeated in the seat they contested by 21 votes.
November 16 – Darrell Dexter formally submits their resignation to the party's executive at an executive meeting in Halifax.
November 23 – Maureen MacDonald, MLA for Halifax Needham and Finance Minister in Dexter's final cabinet, is appointed Interim Leader by the party's Provincial Council.
2015
April 11 – Rules for the Leadership Election approved by the party's Provincial Council at its meeting in Hatchet Lake.
June 7 – Dave Wilson, MLA for Sackville-Cobequid since 2003 and a former Health Minister, launches their leadership campaign at an event in Lower Sackville.
June 11 – Gary Burrill, MLA for Colchester-Musquodoboit Valley from 2009 to 2013, launches their leadership campaign at an event in Halifax.
June 12 – Lenore Zann, MLA for Truro-Bible Hill since 2009, launches their leadership campaign at an event in Halifax.
June 13 – Leadership Election officially begins at the conclusion of the party's AGM in Dartmouth. Three provincial by-elections are also called by Premier Stephen McNeil for July 14 that same day.
July 14 – Three provincial by-elections occur, with Dartmouth South NDP Candidate Marian Mancini winning by less than 100 votes.
November 28 – First leadership forum is held in Whitney Pier.
December 5 – Second leadership forum is held in Bible Hill.
2016
February 27 – Leadership convention is held in Dartmouth
Candidates
Gary Burrill
Background
Gary Burrill was MLA for Colchester-Musquodoboit Valley (2009–2013)
Date campaign launched: June 11, 2015
Campaign website:
Supporters
MLAs:
Former MLAs: (4) Howard Epstein (Halifax Chebucto 1998–2013); Jim Morton (Kings North 2009–13); Clarrie MacKinnon (Pictou East 2006–13); Moe Smith (Antigonish 2009–13, former cabinet minister);
Federal politicians:
Municipal politicians: Wendy Robinson, Mayor of Stewiacke
Labour organizations:
Other prominent individuals:
Dave Wilson
Background
Dave Wilson was MLA for Sackville-Cobequid (2003–2018), Minister of Health (May 2012 – October 2013), Minister of Communities, Culture and Heritage (January 2011 – May 2012)
Date campaign launched: June 7, 2015
Campaign website:
Supporters
MLAs:
Former MLAs: (7) Pam Birdsall (Lunenburg 2009–2013); Frank Corbett (Cape Breton Centre 1998–2015, former Deputy Premier); Bill Estabrooks (Timberlea-Prospect 1998–2013, former cabinet minister); Gordie Gosse (Cape Breton Nova 2003–2015, former Speaker of the House of Assembly of Nova Scotia); Becky Kent (Cole Harbour-Eastern Passage 2007–2013); John MacDonnell (Hants East 1998–2013, former cabinet minister, 2002 leadership candidate); Charlie Parker (Pictou West 1998–1999 & 2003–2013, former cabinet minister)
Federal politicians:
Labour organizations:
Other prominent individuals:
Lenore Zann
Background
Lenore Zann was MLA for Truro-Bible Hill (2009–2021).
Date campaign launched: June 12, 2015
Campaign website:
Supporters
MLAs: (1) Denise Peterson-Rafuse (Chester-St. Margaret's);
Former MLAs: (3) Peter Delefes (Halifax Citadel 1998–1999); Helen MacDonald (Cape Breton The Lakes 1997–1999, NS NDP Leader 2000–2001); Alexa McDonough (Halifax Chebucto 1981–1993, Halifax Fairview 1993–1995, NS NDP Leader 1980–1994, MP Halifax 1997–2008, Federal NDP Leader 1995–2003);
Federal politicians: (1) Gordon Earle (Halifax West 1997–2000);
Labour organizations:
Other prominent individuals:
Results
First ballot
Gary Burrill: 921 – 40.59%
Lenore Zann: 705 – 31.07%
Dave Wilson: 645 – 28.34%
Second ballot
Gary Burrill: 1343 – 59.19%
Lenore Zann: 926 – 40.81%
References
New Democratic Party leadership election, 2016
2016 elections in Canada
2016 political party leadership elections
Nordsee-Ost offshore wind farm is an offshore wind farm in operation in the eastern part of the North Sea German sector. The project was developed by RWE Innogy, a subsidiary of RWE.
The wind farm consists of 48 turbines with a total capacity of 295 MW. The 6.15 MW turbines were provided by REpower. Steel foundations for generators were supplied by Aker Verdal. Power converters were supplied by Woodward Governor Company. A consortium of Siemens and Prysmian built the high-voltage direct current submarine cable from the wind farm to the German transmission system operated by Transpower, a subsidiary of TenneT.
Delays in power line construction by Dutch TenneT delayed its operational start.
On 11 May 2015 the wind farm was officially put into operation.
See also
Wind power in Germany
References
Wind farms in Germany
Offshore wind farms in the North Sea
RWE
Energy infrastructure completed in 2015
2015 establishments in Germany
The Wetar myzomela or crimson-hooded myzomela (Myzomela kuehni) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to Wetar.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and rural gardens.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
crimson-hooded myzomela
Birds of Wetar
crimson-hooded myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Multiple gunshot suicide occurs when a person commits suicide by inflicting multiple gunshots on themselves before becoming incapacitated. It excludes suicides where the firearms are operated by other people, such as suicide by cop.
Causes
Incapacitation from a gunshot injury results from a decrease in the functioning of the central nervous system. In a suicide by firearm, immediate incapacitation can be achieved by direct disruption to brain stem tissue. Rapid incapacitation can be achieved indirectly by cerebral hypoxemia resulting from massive bleeding from the heart, the thoracic aorta, or the pulmonary artery. Damage to other major organs – the lungs, kidneys, liver, spleen – results only in delayed incapacitation. Incapacitation by a shot to the head is achieved when the bullet penetrates the cerebrum; however, numerous bullet trajectories, including a shot between the eyes, do not achieve this penetration.
Examples
Multiple gunshot suicides are rare, but possible. In one study of 138 gunshot suicides, 5 (3.6%) involved two shots to the head, the first of which missed the brain. In 2012, a suicide where a man shot themselves 8 times in the head before they died 22 hours later was reported.
One particular case has been documented from Australia. In February 1995, a man committed suicide on parkland in Canberra. They took a pump action shotgun loaded with four 12-gauge No. 2 shot shell cartridges, and in a stooped position, pressed the muzzle into the centre of the chest before shooting himself. The load passed through the chest without entering the ribcage before exiting below the left nipple. The man then cycled the shotgun's action, ejecting the fired shell. They then walked fifteen meters, before shooting themselves in the right side of the throat with the charge exiting out of the left side and taking a fragment of jaw with it. At this point, the shotgun potentially fell to the ground causing the ejection of both the spent cartridge and one unspent cartridge. The man, now breathing through a gunshot-induced tracheostomy, picked up the shotgun and then walked 136 meters to a hill where they sat down on the slope and loaded the fourth cartridge from the magazine and into the weapon's breech. The man then removed their shoes and held the gun against their chest with their hands and operated the trigger with their toes. This shot entered the thoracic cavity and demolished the heart, killing him.
In 1978, poet Frank Stanford put three bullets into their own heart with a pistol. This inspired the Indigo Girls song "Three Hits". Other notable figures that died of multiple gunshot suicides include Gary Webb and Yuriy Kravchenko, as well as the perpetrators of the Crandon shooting and the 2021 San Jose shooting.
Conspiracy theories
Multiple gunshot deaths of notable figures are known to fuel conspiracy theories among those who are unaware of the phenomenon. Following the two gunshot suicide of Gary Webb, conspiracy theorists levied allegations that Webb was murdered.
See also
List of unusual deaths
Suicide attempt
References
Further reading
M. Zahid Bashir, "Multiple gunshot suicide in a female," Annals of King Edward Medical College (Lahore, Pakistan, October–December 2000).
Suicide methods
Abbotsinch is an area in the town of Paisley, Scotland. It is today almost entirely occupied by Glasgow Airport.
Traditionally in the parish of Renfrew (although not within its burgh boundary), Abbotsinch is bordered by the Black Cart Water to the north and west, and the White Cart Water to the east. Its southern edge was delineated by the burgh boundary of Paisley, although after the 1975 local government reorganisation in Scotland these demarcations became unofficial.
Abbotsinch largely consisted of farmland before the construction of a Royal Air Force airfield there in 1932. The Georgian mansion Walkinshaw House, one of Robert Adam's most significant works was demolished in 1927 to enable the runway to be constructed. Today all that remains of the estate are parts of the walled garden which lie to the west of Glasgow Airport's main runway.
One of the busiest stretches of the M8 motorway outside Glasgow and Edinburgh is to be found at the St. James Interchange, a junction of the motorway with the A726 and A737 roads. The White Cart Viaduct carries the motorway above the airport access routes: its height was intended for large vessels to pass under, however this has never been needed.
References
Areas in Paisley, Renfrewshire
The 2010–11 Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball team represented Saint Peter's College during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Peacocks, led by fifth year head coach John Dunne, played their home games at the Yanitelli Center and were members of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference. They finished the season 20–14, 11–7 in MAAC play to finish in fourth place. They defeated Loyola (MD), Fairfield, and Iona to win the MAAC Tournament. As a result, the received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament as the No. 14 seed in the Southwest region where they lost to Purdue in the Second Round (formerly and now known as the First Round).
Previous season
The Peacocks finished the 2009–10 season 16–14, 11–7 in MAAC play to finish in fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the MAAC Tournament to Rider.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="|MAAC Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style="|NCAA tournament
References
Saint Peter's
Saint Peter's
Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball seasons
Saint Peter's Peacocks basketball
Saint Peter's Peacocks basketball
Puerto Ferro is a barrio in the municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 705.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Puerto Ferro, Punta Arenas, and Puerto Diablo barrios was 879.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Puerto Ferro barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
The Ten Commandments Monument, authorized by the Oklahoma legislature and approved by the governor in 2009, was installed on the grounds of the Oklahoma State Capitol, in Oklahoma City, in 2012. The mere concept engendered years of political controversy, court suits based on religious freedom of religion issues, destruction in 2014 by a man who drove their car into it, replacement in the same location, and even attempts to remove Supreme Court justices who ruled in 2014 that the monument must be removed to another site. After Governor Mary Fallin, key legislators, and the justices agreed on a substitute site, the monument was removed from the capitol grounds in 2015.
History
In 2009, Oklahoma State Representative Mike Ritze sponsored a bill to have a monument to the Ten Commandments installed at the capitol. Their family supplied $10,000 to fund the monument, which was installed in late 2012 after support by Oklahoma governor Mary Fallin. The monument since has been labeled "a lightning rod of controversy". It has been destroyed and re-erected once, and been the subject of both state and federal litigation.
Vandalism
In 2014, a man deliberately rammed the newly installed monument with a car, knocking it over and breaking the tall stone into several large pieces. They fled the scene, but was subsequently arrested by the United States Secret Service after making threats to attack a federal building in Oklahoma City. An unidentified law enforcement officer told a local news broadcaster that the man said the devil made them commit the act.
The Oklahoma City vandal was subsequently identified as Michael Tate Reed of Van Buren, Arkansas.
Wilbert Memorials company made a replacement monument from South Dakota granite, added the design at its plant in Kansas and installed it at the Oklahoma capitol site on January 8, 2015.
A news report said that Reed had told police after the Oklahoma City attack that they were a Satanist, they had bipolar disorder, and that they were "off their meds" when they attacked the memorial. The report said that Reed was subsequently sent to a mental health facility for treatment. They were never charged with a crime.
In 2017, a similar Ten Commandments monument was demolished using the same modus operandi, less than 24 hours after it had been installed on the grounds of the Arkansas State Capitol in Little Rock, Arkansas. The perpetrator was arrested at the scene, and gave police the name Michael Tate Reed. They were later confirmed to be the same man who attacked the Oklahoma City monument. Reed even videotaped the attack on Facebook. Reed, who has bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder and histrionic personality disorder, was acquitted on mental health grounds.
Prescott v. Capitol Preservation Commission
Oklahoma citizens Bruce Prescott, James Huff and Cheryl Huff, filed suit in a state court over the placement of the Ten Commandments religious monument on public property. The defendant was the Capitol Preservation Commission, which had given permission for the action. Even though no public (tax) money had been spent on the monument, the plaintiffs argued that using public ground was also a violation of Article II, Section 5 of the Oklahoma Constitution. The lower court, using a different interpretation of the Constitution's language decided in favor of the defendant (the commission), and allowed the monument to be established on the capitol grounds. The passage that served as the crux of the argument between the two sides is quoted here:
"No public money or property shall ever be appropriated, applied, donated, or used, directly or indirectly, for the use, benefit, or support of any sect, church, denomination, or system of religion, or for the use, benefit, or support of any priest, preacher, minister, or other religious teacher or dignitary, or sectarian institution as such."
The plaintiffs appealed the decision to the Oklahoma Supreme Court. The American Civil Liberties Union of Oklahoma (ACLU), acting on behalf of the original plaintiffs, entered the case and furnished attorneys to help with the appeal.
The defense team, whose aim was to restore the monument to the capitol grounds, was led by E. Scott Pruitt, then the Attorney General of the State of Oklahoma, assisted by two other attorneys from their office. Pruitt asserted that the Oklahoma Constitution did not apply, largely because no state money was used to buy or install the monument.
The case, Prescott v. Capitol Preservation Commission, was ultimately decided by the Oklahoma Supreme Court in June 2015, holding in a 7–2 decision that the monument violates the Oklahoma Constitution's ban on the use of public property to support religion. The decision has proved extremely controversial, with some conservative state lawmakers even calling for impeachment of the Oklahoma Supreme Court and/or amending of the Oklahoma Constitution to remove its ban on state religious support. The monument was removed from the Capitol grounds in October 2015.
Actions by other opposition groups
A second lawsuit was filed by American Atheists in 2013, this time in federal court, alleging that the monument also violated the First Amendment's Establishment Clause. The suit was dismissed by the Federal District Court for lack of standing, and Prescott v. Capitol Preservation Commission was decided while an appeal was pending, likely rendering the case moot.
Prior to the Prescott decision, the New York-based Satanic Temple, citing the government's constitutional obligation to not endorse any particular religion, had announced they would apply to have a privately funded statue honoring Baphomet on the capitol grounds. A vandal destroyed the Ten Commandments monument in 2014 and plans for the Baphomet statue were put on hold, as the Satanic Temple did not want their statue to stand alone at the capitol. After the Oklahoma Supreme Court ordered the monument removed, the statue was unveiled elsewhere in Detroit and is now on public display at Salem Art Gallery in Salem, MA. The statue may be moved to Arkansas if a Ten Commandments monument is erected there.
Monument relocation
The controversial monument was removed from the capitol grounds during the night of October 7, 2015. A portable crane delivered it to the property of a private conservative think tank, the Oklahoma Council of Public Affairs, about 10 blocks away. This may be only a temporary solution. The next day, Governor Fallin called for a constitutional amendment to allow the Ten Commandments to return to the capitol. "The people of Oklahoma should be able to vote on whether to bring the Ten Commandments monument back to the Capitol."
Subsequent proceedings
A November 2016 ballot initiative, known as State Question 790, proposed repealing the section of the Oklahoma Constitution that prohibits using state resources to promote particular religious views. Voters defeated the measure: 809,254 (57.12%) to 607,482 (42.88%).
Undeterred by voter opinion, Rep. John R. Bennett and Sen. Micheal Bergstrom authored House Bill 2177, allowing "cities, schools and municipalities to display 'historical documents, monuments and writings' in public buildings and on public grounds." Governor Fallin signed the bill in May 2018.
See also
Prescott v. Oklahoma Capitol Preservation Commission (2015)
Ten Commandments Monument (Austin, Texas)
Ten Commandments Monument (Little Rock, Arkansas)
Van Orden v. Perry (2005)
Notes
References
2012 establishments in Oklahoma
Monuments and memorials in Oklahoma
Outdoor sculptures in Oklahoma City
Separation of church and state in the United States
Stone sculptures in Oklahoma
Ten Commandments
Vandalized works of art in Oklahoma
The 1960 Panamerican Championship was the third and final edition of Panamerican Championship, an association football tournament featuring national teams from North, Central and South America. It was hosted in San José, Costa Rica, between March 6 and March 20, in 1960. All the matches were held in Estadio Nacional.
Four teams played as a round-robin tournament, it was won by Argentina.
Venue
Final table
Match details
Top goalscorers
References
1960
1960
1959–60 in Mexican football
1960 in Argentine football
1960 in Brazilian football
March 1960 sports events in North America
1960 Pan
20th century in San José, Costa Rica
1960 in Costa Rican sport
The Russian reset was an attempt by the Obama administration to improve relations between the United States and Russia in 2009–13.
Symbolic reset
On 6 March 2009 in Geneva, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton presented Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov with a red button with the English word "reset" and the Roman alphabet transliteration of the Russian Cyrillic alphabet word перегрузка ("peregruzka"). It was intended that this would be the Russian word for "reset" but actually was the word for "overload". (The correct translation would be перезагрузка ["perezagruzka"].) Additionally, the button switch was the type commonly used as an emergency stop on industrial equipment. Hillary Clinton was later praised by the Russian diplomats for resolving the issue politely, stating their team's good intentions. Lavrov and Clinton pushed the button simultaneously.
Substantive reset
Prior to the reset, US-Russia relations had been hurt by the 2008 Russo-Georgian diplomatic crisis in Ossetia and the Russo-Georgian War, leading to Immediate Response 2008 by the Bush administration. In private, several Obama administration officials expressed doubts about the reset and were concerned that it was overly optimistic, particularly Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and U.S. ambassador to Russia John Beyrle.
In July 2009, Russian president Dmitry Medvedev announced that U.S. forces and supplies could pass through Russian airspace on their way to Afghanistan. On 17 September 2009, U.S. President Barack Obama announced that the U.S. was dropping the Bush Administration's plan to build a missile defence shield in Eastern Europe. Russia had viewed the planned missile shield as a military threat. Vladimir Putin said the decision was "correct and brave". In March, 2010, the U.S. and Russia agreed to reduce their nuclear arsenals.
In May 2010, major powers including the U.S., China and Russia agreed on sanctions against Iran. Three days later, the Obama Administration cancelled sanctions against the Russian state arms export agency, which had been sanctioned for exporting arms to Iran.
In response to the adoption of the Magnitsky Act in 2012, the Russian government denied Americans adoption of Russian children and issued a list of US officials prohibited from entering Russia.
At the 2015 Munich Security Conference, Vice President Biden specified the substantive progress, and setbacks:
Subsequent deterioration of relations
As early as the March 2014 censure of Russia by the United Nations over the Russian annexation of Crimea, the reset was described in the press as "failed". Stated reasons included the annexation, the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, and lack of Russian cooperation with the U.S. on Syria. Former Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs Adam Rotfeld stated that the reset showed "weakness". Jeb Bush also called the reset a failure, stating that Russia had "invaded Ukraine", which Russia had not done prior to the reset. They said that Putin was a "bully" and that "nuanced" behavior by the U.S. towards Putin tended to "enable bad behavior." However, Hillary Clinton defended the reset as a "brilliant stroke", pointing to the Russian agreement to sanctions against Iran and permission to fly over its territory to supply joint NATO troops in Afghanistan.
In October 2014, Medvedev said that a reset of relations with the U.S. was "impossible" and that relations had been damaged by "destructive" and "stupid" Western sanctions against Russia. The sanctions had been imposed because of the Ukraine crisis and the shooting down of flight MH17, which Western powers said was the result of a missile fired from rebel-controlled territory.
In April 2015, CNN reported that "Russian hackers" had "penetrated sensitive parts of the White House" computers in "recent months." It was said that the FBI, the Secret Service, and other U.S. intelligence agencies categorized the attacks "among the most sophisticated attacks ever launched against U.S. government systems."
In April 2016, two Russian jets flew over the US destroyer USS Donald Cook almost a dozen times, American officials said. At one point the jets were so close - about 9 m (30 ft) - that they created wakes in the water around the ship. The jets had no visible weaponry and the ship took no action.
This sharp decline in relations has been termed Cold War II by some.
References
Russia–United States relations
Presidency of Barack Obama
Causeway railway station was a minor railway station or halt/request stop in north Devon, close to Bideford, on the Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway, serving the outskirts of the town. It lay 0 mile and 66 chains from Bideford Quay. Passengers waiting to board had to give a hand signal for the train to stop.
History
The Causeway Crossing was the most important halt on the railway being close to a number of residential developments. Mr. Fursey was the gatekeeper who lived in the crossing keeper's cottage and was locally known as "the station master".
Infrastructure
The halt had no freight facilities. A platform 20 ft x 30 ft long was present on the downside, 6 inches high and fenced at the back with no shelter. A small crossing keeper's cottage was present with a window that may have been used for selling tickets.
A two and a half storey signal cabin was built on the downside of the line to control the busy road crossing, with sufficient height to see along the road and railway. It was the largest signal box on the line and was entered by a staircase situated at the rear. It was not a block post, but it had an internal wheel to operate the gates. It was probably connected by phone to the signal boxes at Bideford Yard and Abbotsham Road. The substantial crossing gates opened inwards to close off the line and pedestrian gates were also present. Oil lamps with a red light were present on the gates.
The level crossing was protected by up and down stop semaphore signals. The up home signal at the Causeway Crossing Halt carried a fish-tailed distant signal that worked in conjunction with Chanters Lane's (The Lane) crossing home signal.
Micro history
In January 1901, the first train, with one carriage, ran from Bideford to Northam carrying a few friends of the Directors.
The crossing keeper's house in 1999 still existed as an enlarged private dwelling.
On closure, the Causeway Crossing box was purchased by a local farmer, Mr. Atkins. They tried to convert it into an extension to their house but failed and sold the box to a person in Westward Ho! who used it as a summer house. It still existed in 1968.
References
Notes
Sources
Baxter, Julia & Jonathan (1980). The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore railway 1901-1917. Pub. Chard. .
Christie, Peter (1995). North Devon History. The Lazarus Press. .
Dicker, Mr. Oral communication (tape recorded) to Roger S. Ll.Griffith.
Garner, Rod (2008). The Bideford, Westward Ho! & Appledore Railway. Pub. Kestrel Railway Books. .
Griffith, Roger (1969). The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway. School project and personal communications. Bideford Museum.
Jenkins, Stanley C. (1993). The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway. Oxford : Oakwood Press. .
Stuckey, Douglas (1962). The Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway 1901-1917. Pub. West Country Publications.
Disused railway stations in Devon
Former Bideford, Westward Ho! and Appledore Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1901
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1917
Torridge District
WKBQ (93.5 FM) is a country music radio station in Covington, Tennessee, and serving the Memphis, Tennessee area, owned by Charles Ennis through licensee Grace Broadcasting Services, Inc.
History
WKBQ first signed on the air as WKBL-FM in 1965 with a country music format until 1999 when it switched to an adult top 40 formats and adopted the WKBQ call sign. In 2007, it returned to country.
The WKBQ call sign was previously used for many years by a top 40 radio station serving the St. Louis Missouri/Illinois market. That station is now licensed as WARH.
External links
us51country facebook
KBQ
Justice Lyon may refer to:
Richard F. Lyon (judge) (1819–1894), associate justice of the Supreme Court of Georgia
William P. Lyon (1822–1913), associate justice and chief justice of the Supreme Court of Wisconsin
See also
Justice Lyons (disambiguation)
The 2018 Newham London Borough Council election was held on 3 May 2018 to elect members of Newham London Borough Council in England. This was on the same day as other local elections.
Elections were held for the Mayor of Newham and for all 60 seats on the council. The Labour Party candidate Rokhsana Fiaz won the mayoral election. Labour candidates won all 60 seats on the council, as they did in 2014 and 2010.
Summary results
The Labour Party won 67% of the vote and all 60 seats for the third election in a row.
|}
Background
A total of 181 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 20 wards. Candidates included a full slate from the Labour party (as had been the case at every election since the borough council had been formed in 1964), whilst the Conservative party also ran a full slate for the second election in a row, and the Liberal Democrats ran 14 candidates. Other candidates running were 25 Christian Peoples Alliance, 11 Greens, 4 TUSC, 2 UKIP, 2 Democrats and Veterans, 1 Communist League and 2 Independents.
Ward results
An asterisk * indicates an incumbent Councillor seeking re-election.
Beckton
-->
Boleyn
-->
Canning Town North
-->
Canning Town South
-->
Custom House
-->
East Ham Central
-->
East Ham North
-->
East Ham South
-->
Forest Gate North
-->
Forest Gate South
-->
Green Street East
-->
Green Street West
-->
Little Ilford
-->
Manor Park
-->
Plaistow North
-->
Plaistow South
-->
Royal Docks
-->
Stratford and New Town
-->
Wall End
-->
West Ham
-->
By-elections between 2018 and 2022
Boleyn
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr Veronica Oakeshott.
East Ham
The by-election was called following the resignation of Cllr Julianne Marriott.
References
2018 London Borough council elections
2018
Syed Ehtisham Ahmed Nadvi (also known as S. E. A. Nadvi) is a scholar of the Arabic language and Islamic studies, specialising in Arabic literary criticism.  They are the winner of the 1992 President's Award for Literature, and the author of books on Arabic, Urdu and Persian literature, including course books taught in Indian universities.
Early life and education
Syed Ehtisham Ahmed Nadvi was born in the village of Makhdoompur in Amethi, Uttar Pradesh, India, into a well known family of Indian Muslim intelligentsia belonging to the Syed-Qidwai clan. Other members of this clan include Ali Mian.
Nadvi graduated from the Darul-uloom Nadwatul Ulama in Lucknow. They obtained their master's degree in Arabic from the Aligarh Muslim University, and subsequently their PhD from the same institution.
Nadvi was the Head of the Arabic Department at the University of Calicut, Kerala, and retired in 2000. During their tenure, they supervised the PhD theses of some notable scholars such as Bahauddeen Muhammed Jamaluddeen Nadwi. A festschrift in their honour appeared in 2003.
References
Living people
Indian Islamists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Darul Uloom Nadwatul Ulama alumni
Deobandis
Greg Caccia (born January 17, 1967) is an American handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Timoclea or Timocleia of Thebes () is a woman whose story is told by Plutarch in their Life of Alexander, and at greater length in their Mulierum virtutes ("Virtues of Women"). According to Plutarch's biography of Alexander the Great, when their forces took Thebes during Alexander's Balkan campaign of 335 BC, Thracian forces pillaged the city, and a captain of the Thracian forces raped Timocleia. After raping her, the captain asked if they knew of any hidden money. They told them that they did, and led them into their garden, and told them there was money hidden in their well. When the Thracian captain stooped to look into the well, Timocleia pushed them into the well, and then hurled heavy stones into it until the captain died.
They were then seized by the Thracian soldiers and brought before Alexander. They comported themselves with great dignity and told them that their brother was Theagenes, the last commander of the Sacred Band of Thebes, who died "for the liberty of Greece" at the Battle of Chaeronea in 338 BC, defeated by Alexander's father Philip of Macedon. Alexander was so impressed with Timocleia that they ordered them and their children released and they were not punished for killing the Thracian captain.
The story in the Mulierum virtutes is essentially the same, except that the captain is told that the treasure, of silver bowls, gold and some money, was at the bottom of a dry well, which they climb down into. When Timoclea hears that they have reached the bottom, they throw down rocks on him. Alexander dismisses them without punishment but does not set them or their family free. They instead tell their officers to take special care of them and other renowned families, making sure there is no more abuse.
Plutarch's main source for the incident, as they mention in passing elsewhere, was the account by Aristobulus of Cassandreia, who knew Alexander well; this survives only in quotations by others, which may not all be accurate. The taking of Thebes took place in the second year of Alexander's reign, and was otherwise a very bloody affair, as the city was the leader in a Greek revolt, taking advantage of Philip's assassination, against the treaties they had enforced. Perhaps 6,000 Thebans died, and 30,000 were enslaved, and the city virtually ceased to exist for some decades. The only other act of clemency recorded is that Alexander ordered the house and descendants of the poet Pindar (died c. 443 BC) to be left alone.
In later art
Timoclea was a rare subject in art from the Renaissance onwards, never becoming a regular subject in the range of incidents showing classical and biblical female violence against men known as the Power of Women topos. But they featured in cycles on the Life of Alexander, and there was an increasing tendency in court art to depict Alexander as a proxy for the actual monarch, and to emphasize acts of generosity or mercy.
Most depictions show them brought before Alexander, which might form part of a cycle illustrating their life. This was the case in the cycle of frescos painted in the Palace of Fontainebleau in the 1540s by Francesco Primaticcio and their team. This was in the bedroom of Francois I's mistress, the Duchess of Étampes (1508–1580), and a total of eleven compositions surviving today are known from surviving paintings or prints or drawings. The cycle showed the life of Alexander, but with little emphasis on their military career. This was one of the three subjects from the cycle etched as a print by Léon Davent. Unusually in this subject, but rather typically for the First School of Fontainebleau, Timoclea is naked when brought to Alexander.
Here and in other depictions, the subject was given a composition similar to ones of the much more common The Continence of Scipio; the subject likewise emphasized the magnanimity of the commander. Timoclea sometimes accompanied the Continence in a series, and is also capable of being confused with it. Bernard de Montfaucon paired the two stories as their "Examples of the clemency and continence of conquerors" in a book of 1724.
As the Life of Alexander was a popular subject, the story of Timoclea probably would have been a more popular element if there had not been a grander and less sordid competitor in the form of The Family of Darius before Alexander, best known from Veronese's painting in London, which was normally included in cycles, and also showed Alexander being generous to women captives brought before him.
The most influential image of Timoclea's story, judging by copies in prints for two centuries after, was the painting by Domenichino of c. 1615, which was in the French royal collection from the time of Louis XIV, and then the Louvre. Unlike most depictions, this shows their children prominently. A very different composition, showing only one and a half figures, with the Thracian disappearing upside down into the well, first appears in an engraving of 1629–30 by Matthäus Merian, a book illustration for a popular German world history by Johann Ludwig Gottfried. This was later adapted in an oil painting by Elisabetta Sirani.
Later literature
A play, now lost, called Timoclea at the Siege of Thebes was performed at Hampton Court Palace before Elizabeth I and the English court at Candlemas 1574, on February 2 (this was five years before the influential English translation of Plutarch by Thomas North was published). The author is unknown, and the performers were boys from the Merchant Taylor's School, London, directed by their master Richard Mulcaster. They were one of a number of companies of boy players active in English Renaissance theatre in London. The performance and its expenses was recorded in the accounts of the Master of the Revels, and from the number of children's gloves paid for may have included twenty four performers. It may not have been a great success, as the masque prepared to follow it, with ladies "with lightes being vj vertues" was "not showen for the Tediusnesse of the playe that nighte."
Timoclea also appears in Gynaikeion or Nine Books of Various History Concerning Women by Thomas Heywood, 1624, and as a minor character in John Lyly's play Campaspe, a comedy also performed by boy players. According to this, Timoclea and Campaspe were both captives at Alexander's conquest of Thebes, and are brought together before Alexander, where Timoclea's aristocratic dignity contrasts with Campaspe's self-description as "a humble handmaid to Alexander".<ref>"Campaspe" and "Sappho and Phao": John Lyly", The Revels Plays, eds. George K. Hunter, David Bevington, 1991, Manchester University Press,
, 9780719031007, pp. 8–9, 9 quoted</ref> Campaspe was later the mistress of Alexander and their painter Apelles, and is a common story depicted in Alexander's life in art.
Notes
References
Hall, James, Hall's Dictionary of Subjects and Symbols in Art'', 1996 (2nd edn.), John Murray,
4th-century BC Greek people
Ancient Thebans
Women in ancient Greek warfare
People associated with Alexander the Great
Wartime sexual violence
Iconography
4th-century BC Greek women
The Mercer Hotel, located at the corner of Mercer and Prince Streets in SoHo, Manhattan, New York City, was the second acquisition in the luxury collection of André Balazs hotels. It offers 75 guest rooms on six floors of a Romanesque revival building.
Opening in 1997, The Mercer is the sister hotel to Hollywood's Chateau Marmont.
History
Built in 1890 for John Jacob Astor II, the six-story, 84,000 square foot brick building has been cited by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission as an example of the Romanesque Revival period. Architect William Schickel, known for their extensive work on behalf of the Archdiocese of New York, designed the building as offices for the vast Astor family holdings, resulting in a façade considerably more ornate than its industrial neighbors. Prior to its conversion, the building served as artists' lofts and studios, for which the hotel has now become known.
Design
The overall aesthetic allows The Mercer to be "the first hotel to offer an authentic taste of loft living", an urban signature that is completely original to New York.
Parisian designer Christian Liaigre ensured all furnishings were kept original and exclusive to the hotel. Liaigre created a modernist interior with an emphasis on harmonized proportions and subtle color palettes.
The Mercer Kitchen
In 1998, The Mercer Kitchen opened as a 170-seat restaurant located over two levels of The Mercer hotel. Chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten was recruited by André Balazs as the head of restaurant and food service for the property.
The Mercer Kitchen, adjacent to the hotel lobby, has a 40-seat street-level café. The lower level features a 160-seat main dining room that lies beneath the streets of SoHo. The restaurant features an open kitchen for guests to watch the preparation of their meals. Upstairs, the casual café serves breakfast, lunch and dinner daily.
The Mercer Kitchen provides room service throughout the hotel while the upper level café serves breakfast and lunch daily.
References
External links
Hotels in Manhattan
SoHo, Manhattan
Romanesque Revival architecture in New York City
Khvorzan (, also Romanized as Khūrzan; also known as Khorzan, Khūr Zand, Khuwarzah, Khvārzeh, and Khvorzand) is a village in Ashna Khvor Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
Radical 47 or radical river () meaning "river" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 26 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 60th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
References
External links
Unihan Database - U+5DDB
047
060
Muhammad Abdallah Muthanna (born 1945 or 1947) is a Yemeni novelist, playwright and short story writer. They were born in Hudaida and was educated in Cairo. In the 1970s, they were jailed several times by the authorities for their activities as a political dissident. They have worked in journalism as well as in government.  They are a prolific writer of fiction and drama and is well known for their short stories, which have been translated into English and Italian. Their first collection of stories, entitled Fi giawf al-layl (In the Heart of the Night), came out in 1976. Subsequent collections include Al-jabal yabtasim aydan (1978) and Rihlat al-umr (2002). In 1990, they won an Arabic short story award presented in Alexandria, Egypt.
References
1940s births
Yemeni writers
Living people
Year of birth uncertain
People from Al Hudaydah Governorate
Yemeni expatriates in Egypt
SM UB-126 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 20 April 1918 as SM UB-126.
UB-126 was surrendered 24 November 1918 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 16 April 1918. UB-126 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Oblt.z.S. Waldemar von Fischer. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-126 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-126 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-126 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Griffith Rutherford (c. 1721 – August 10, 1805) was an officer in the American Revolutionary War, a political leader in North Carolina, and an important figure in the early history of the Southwest Territory and the state of Tennessee.
Originally from Ireland, Rutherford immigrated with their parents to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Colony, at the age of 18. In 1753, they moved to Rowan County, in the Province of North Carolina, where they married Elizabeth Graham.
During the French and Indian War, Rutherford became a captain of a local British colonial militia. They continued serving in the militia until the start of the American Revolution in 1775, when they enlisted in the North Carolina militia as a colonel. They were appointed to the post of brigadier general of the "Salisbury District Brigade" in May 1776, and they participated in the initial phases of the wars against the Cherokee Indians along the frontier. In June 1780, Rutherford was partly responsible for the Loyalist defeat in the Battle of Ramsour's Mill. They were present at the Battle of Camden on August 16, 1780, and was taken prisoner by the British. After a prisoner exchange in 1781, Rutherford participated in several other campaigns, including further attacks on the Chickamauga faction of the Cherokee.
An active member of their community, Rutherford served in multiple civil occupations. They were a representative of both houses of the North Carolina House of Commons and as an unsuccessful candidate for governor. Rutherford was an Anti-Federalist and was appointed President of the Legislative Council of the Southwest Territory in 1794. They retired to Sumner County, Tennessee, where they died on August 10, 1805, at the age of 84.
Early life
Little is known about Rutherford's early life. Born in Ireland in either 1721 or 1731 to John Rutherford, who was of Ulster Scots descent, and Elizabeth (née Griffin), who was of Welsh descent, Griffith appears clearly in records after their immigration to Philadelphia at the age of 18. Their parents died during the voyage from Ireland, and for a while, they worked on a relative's farm, where they were taught how to survey land. In around 1753, they moved to Rowan County, North Carolina Colony and bought a tract of land about from Salisbury, which was the first of several land purchases that they would make in the 1750s. In 1754, Rutherford married their neighbor's sister, Elizabeth Graham, who eventually bore them ten children.
One of their sons, James Rutherford, later became a major during the Revolutionary War and died at the Battle of Eutaw Springs. Rutherford also became friends with Daniel Boone with whom they often went on hunting and surveying expeditions.
After the French and Indian War, Rutherford became increasingly active in community affairs. They were listed as a member of the North Carolina General Assembly in 1766, a sheriff and justice of the peace of Rowan County from 1767 to 1769, and a tax collector.
French and Indian War
Rutherford began their extensive military career in 1760 during the French and Indian War. They were a participant in several battles and skirmishes, most notably the Battle of Fort Duquesne (1758); the battle at Fort Dobbs (1760); and James Grant's campaign against the Cherokee in the southern Appalachians (1761). By the war's end, Rutherford had achieved the rank of captain. Between 1769 and 1771, they embraced the cause against the rebels during the Regulator Movement and commanded a local militia that participated in the Battle of Alamance (May 16, 1771). The following month, Rutherford retired to Salem to recover from an acute attack of gout.
Revolutionary War
Rutherford entered the war in 1775 as a colonel in the North Carolina militia after their appointment to the Rowan County Committee of Safety. Throughout that year, their regiment helped to disarm and disperse Loyalist groups in the South Carolina back country, most notably during the Snow Campaign in Ninety Six, South Carolina. Rutherford represented Rowan County at the Fourth Provincial Congress in Halifax, from April 4 to May 14, 1776, during which they helped develop and write the North Carolina Constitution and was promoted to brigadier general of the Salisbury District Brigade. In the summer after the conference, they raised an army of 2,400 men to campaign against local Cherokee Indians, who had been attacking colonists on the western frontier since their alliance with the British.
Campaign against Cherokee
Rutherford's regiment rendezvoused at Fort McGahey with the Guilford and Surry County regiments under Colonels James Martin and Martin Armstrong on July 23, 1776. From there, the three groups traveled through the Blue Ridge Mountains at the Swannanoa Gap, passed up the valley of Hominy Creek, and crossed the Pigeon River. They then passed through Richland Creek, near the present-day town of Waynesville, North Carolina, and crossed the Tuckasegee River near an Indian settlement. They moved further onwards towards the Cowee Gap, where they had a small engagement with a band of Cherokee in which one of Rutherford's men was wounded. After that conflict, they marched to the Overhill Cherokee "Middle Towns" (on the Tennessee River), where they met General Andrew Williamson of South Carolina on September 14 at Hiwassee. Williamson was on a similar mission and readily joined forces with the original three regiments.
The now-four regiments skirmished with hostile Indians at Valley Town, Ellijay, and near the southern Watauga settlements (present day northeast Tennessee). Eventually, the Indian tribes were subdued at the cost of three fatalities to Rutherford's regiment. Casualties to the Indians, however, were severe. By the end of the conflict, the four regiments had destroyed 36 Indian towns, decimated acres of corn farms, and chased off most of the Indians' cattle. Afterwards, Rutherford returned home by the same route. They arrived back in Salisbury in early October, where they disbanded their troops.
Later that month, Rutherford authorized another punitive expedition of a recently raised cavalry force, led by Captain William Moore joined by Captain Joseph Hardin Sr., of the Tryon County Regiment (North Carolina), to attack the Middle Towns.
Southern theater
British strategists viewed the southern colonies, especially lightly-populated Georgia, as the most vulnerable of all. Despite early victories won by the Patriots at Charleston and other settlements, the South became the focus of a British attack starting in 1778. Governor Richard Caswell of North Carolina identified the threat and immediately ordered the militia to regroup. Rutherford, who had been checking on Loyalists since their return to Salisbury in 1776, received word by October. Caswell and Rutherford met in Kinston, North Carolina, on November 25 to discuss the specifics of Rutherford's assignment. Apparently, a fleet of British ships was en route from New York City and heavily endangered key coastal cities. Rutherford amassed a force, which reached the border of South Carolina by early December, and proceeded to establish headquarters near Savannah in Purrysburg, South Carolina, the following month.
With the cities of Savannah and Augusta taken by February, the campaign was severely weakened. Rutherford moved their troops near Augusta, where they supported General John Ashe during the Battle of Brier Creek on March 3. Soldiers' enlistments soon began expiring, and by April 10, most of Rutherford's forces had returned to North Carolina.
The loss of Charleston in 1780 was a huge blow to the Patriot cause and posed a significant threat to neighboring North Carolina, which lacked adequate defenses due to expiring enlistments. Rutherford saw the danger by calling back their remaining troops stationed in South Carolina and ordering all soldiers from Salisbury to rally near Charlotte, North Carolina. A force of 900 had accumulated by early June.
Battle of Ramsour's Mill
After rallying troops at Charlotte, Rutherford received information that Loyalists were gathering at arms at Ramsour's Mill, near present-day Lincolnton, North Carolina, and issued orders for local officers to disperse the group before they evolved into an even greater threat. After collecting troops from Rowan and Mecklenburg Counties, Rutherford moved their men to the Catawba River and crossed it at the Tuckasegee Ford on June 19. They sent word to Colonel Francis Locke of Rowan County, to rendezvous with them about from Ramsour's Mill, near the forks of the Catawba. Locke accumulated a force of 400 men and encamped at Mountain Creek, which was away from Rutherford's position but still approximately the same distance from Ramsour's Mill as Rutherford's position was. It was resolved by Locke and their officers that a junction with Rutherford was unrealistic because of the distance between the two regiments and the limited amount of time before the Loyalist group grew too large to engage safely, Therefore, it was decided that Locke's forces would attack the Loyalist position immediately. Colonel Johnson, one of Locke's subordinates, informed Rutherford of the new situation by 10:00 p.m.
Locke's forces left their encampment late in the evening of June 19 and had arrived at the Loyalist position by the early morning of June 20. The Patriots took the Loyalists by surprise. While at first bewildered and confused, the Loyalists retaliated by firing at Locke's cavalry, which wad forced to fall back. The Patriots eventually forced the Loyalists to retreat to their camp, but the Patriots were discovered to be regrouping on the other side of the mill stream. Then, since an immediate attack from the Loyalists was expected, messages were sent to Rutherford, who had advanced to within of Ramsour's Mill, to move forward immediately. Rutherford met Locke within of Ramsour's Mill, where they were informed that the Loyalists were in full retreat.
Battle of Camden
The losses at Savannah, Charleston, and the Wexhams had practically driven the Continental Army from the South, with state defenses reduced to a number of locally led partisan militias. In response to the loss of military presence, Congress sent Horatio Gates, who had distinguished themselves at Saratoga, to reform the Continental Army in Charlotte, North Carolina. Against the advice of their officers and without knowing the capabilities of their troops, some of whom were untested in battle, Gates marched toward South Carolina on July 27 with over 4,000 men. They aimed to capturing the crossroads town of Camden, South Carolina, which would have been strategically important for control over the South Carolina back country. Lord Rawdon, who was stationed there with 1,000 men, alerted Lord Cornwallis of Gates's movements on August 9. Cornwallis arrived at Camden by August 13 with reinforcements, which increased the British presence there to over 2,000 men.
The battle ensued at dawn on August 16, 1780. Rutherford was positioned in the center of the Continental formation with other North Carolina militia. During the battle, they were wounded and taken prisoner. They were detained for ten months at Castillo de San Marcos in St. Augustine, Florida, and was exchanged for another prisoner in 1781.
Later war
Rutherford returned to Salisbury in September 1781 after their release to find that their home had been ransacked by British troops. After a short reunion with their family, Rutherford trained and took command of 1,400 men of the Salisbury District Brigade and allegedly began to attack Tory militias and communities brutally, according to several reports sent to their superior, General Greene. Rutherford's tactics were criticized by Green, who warned Rutherford that those methods would only encourage the Loyalist cause. Those reports were later found to be false, but Rutherford decided to redirect their forces towards the British encampment and surrounding militias at Wilmington, North Carolina, beginning with the Loyalist force at Raft Swamp. In October and November, Rutherford continued to force the Loyalists into Wilmington, eventually surrounded the city, and successfully cut off British communications and supply lines. The commanding British officer, Major Craig, was soon informed of Cornwallis's surrender at Yorktown, and their forces at Wilmington were hastily evacuated.
After Wilmington, Rutherford again fought the Chickamauga in the west in 1782 and followed the same route that they had taken seven years earlier. No known accounts were written of the campaign though it was reportedly successful.
Later life
Rutherford was elected to the North Carolina Senate during the war in 1779 and continued to serve in that position until 1789. They opposed the restoration of Loyalist lands and supported and assisted in their confiscation while they served in the Council of State. Rutherford ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1783.
They were an ardent Anti-Federalist during the national debate on the recently created United States Constitution. At the constitutional convention held at Hillsborough, North Carolina, in 1788, they had reservations about the Constitution, like other Anti-Federalists at the meeting. Rutherford requested to challenge some of the clauses. Each clause was challenged individually despite opposition from the Federalist Samuel Johnston and others, but Rutherford rarely contributed to discussion. Their final decision to vote against the ratification of the Constitution resulted in them losing their seat in the State Senate. However, their reputation with their colleagues was relatively unaffected, and they were subsequently elected Councilor of the State.
Rutherford acquired nearly 13,000 acres of Washington District land through trading off their 700 acres in Salisbury, government grants and purchasing Continental soldier's tracts. With their family and eight slaves Rutherford relocated to the area in what is today Sumner County, Tennessee, in September 1792. Two years later, they were appointed President of the Legislative Council of the Southwest Territory.
Rutherford died in Sumner County, Tennessee, on August 10, 1805.
Legacy
These areas are all namesakes of Griffith Rutherford:
Rutherfordton, North Carolina
Rutherford County, North Carolina
Rutherford County, Tennessee
See also
List of North Carolina militia units in the American Revolution
References
Sources
1721 births
1805 deaths
18th-century Irish people
19th-century Irish people
American Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great Britain
Militia generals in the American Revolution
North Carolina militiamen in the American Revolution
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina state senators
North Carolina sheriffs
Members of the Southwest Territorial Legislature
Southwest Territory officials
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
Kingdom of Ireland emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
Members of the North Carolina Provincial Congresses
People from Rowan County, North Carolina
Henry Stauffer was born in Ibersheim, Germany on 1724 and died November 27, 1777. They immigrated to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 9, 1749, and settled in Bedminster on , purchased of William Allen, June 12, 1762. The purchase of this land was recorded in the history of Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Please see below this recording.
History of Bucks County, Pennsylvania
We quote from W. W. H. Davis The History of Bucks County, Pennsylvania published in 1876 (2nd edition 1905):
History of Henry Stauffer Homestead
We quote from a web page with the title Descendants of Henry Stauffer, seemingly quoting from Fretz, A. J. A Genealogical Record of the Descendants of Henry Stauffer. Milton, NJ, 1899:
History of Ralph Stover State Park
Tohickon Creek was named by the Lenape some of the first inhabitants of the area. "To-Hick-Hanne" means "Deer-Bone-Creek". Ralph Stover State Park was the site of an 18th-century gristmill that was built on Tohickon Creek by the park's namesake, Ralph Stover. Remnants of the mill and mill race can still be seen near Tohickon Creek, Pennsylvania.
The Stover family gave their land to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1931. The recreational facilities were built during the Great Depression by the Federal Works Progress Administration created by U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt to provide work for the unemployed. Author James A. Michener donated the High Rocks area to the park in 1956. Although "High Rocks State Park" is listed in the United States Geological Survey Geographic Names Information System and the coordinates given in USGS GNIS are located here, it was never an official name according to the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources or a separate park.
Literature
Fretz, A. J. A Genealogical Record of the Descendants of Henry Stauffer. Milton, NJ, 1899.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20061209081458/http://www.csm.uwe.ac.uk/~rstephen/livingeaston/local_history/Penn/Penn_family_Index.html - Penn Family History
1724 births
1777 deaths
German emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
People of colonial Pennsylvania
People from Worms, Germany
Monster is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith arranged by Oliver Nelson.
On the Billboard albums chart, Monster peaked at number 35, and at 5 on the top R&B albums chart.
Writer Gerald Majer critiqued Monster in their 2013 book of essays, The Velvet Lounge: On Late Chicago Jazz.
Reception
AllMusic awarded the album two stars and its review by Scott Yanow stated that:
Track listing
"Goldfinger (Part 1)" (Anthony Newley, John Barry, Leslie Bricusse) – 2:45
"Goldfinger (Part 2)" (Newley, Barry, Bricusse) – 2:45
"St. James Infirmary Blues" (Joe Primose) – 6:00
"Gloomy Sunday" (Rezső Seress, Sam M. Lewis) – 5:00
"Theme From Bewitched" (Howard Greenfield, Jack Keller) – 3:04
"Theme From The Munsters" (Jack Marshall) – 3:30
"Theme From The Man with the Golden Arm" (Elmer Bernstein) – 4:30
"The Creeper" (Oliver Nelson) – 5:30
"Monlope" (Jimmy Smith) – 6:15
Personnel
Musicians
Jimmy Smith – organ
Oliver Nelson – arranger, conductor
Richard Davis – double bass
Grady Tate – drums
Kenny Burrell – guitar
Warren Smith – percussion
Robert Ashton – saxophone
Budd Johnson, Jerome Richardson, Phil Woods, Danny Banks, Raymond Beckenstein, George Dorsey, Harvey Estrin – wind instruments
Technical
Creed Taylor – producer
Rudy Van Gelder – engineer
Val Valentin – director of engineering
John Henry, Chuck Stewart – photography
Johnny Magnus – liner notes
Chart performance
Album
References
1965 albums
Jimmy Smith (musician) albums
Albums arranged by Oliver Nelson
Albums produced by Creed Taylor
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Verve Records albums
A seed crystal is a small piece of single crystal or polycrystal material from which a large crystal of typically the same material is to be grown in a laboratory. Used to replicate material, the use of seed crystal to promote growth avoids the otherwise slow randomness of natural crystal growth and allows manufacture on a scale suitable for industry.
Crystal enlargement
The large crystal can be grown by dipping the seed into a supersaturated solution, into molten material that is then cooled, or by growth on the seed face by passing vapor of the material to be grown over it.
Theory
The theory behind this effect is thought to derive from the physical intermolecular interaction that occurs between compounds in a supersaturated solution (or possibly vapor). In solution, liberated (soluble) molecules (solute) are free to move about in random flow. This random flow permits for the possibility of two or more molecular compounds to interact. This interaction can potentiate intermolecular forces between the separate molecules and form a basis for a crystal lattice. The placement of a seed crystal into solution allows the recrystallization process to expedite by eliminating the need for random molecular collision or interaction. By introducing an already pre-formed basis of the target crystal to act upon, the intermolecular interactions are formed much more easily or readily, than relying on random flow. Often, this phase transition from solute in a solution to a crystal lattice will be referred to as nucleation. Seeding is therefore said to decrease the necessary amount of time needed for nucleation to occur in a recrystallization process.
Uses
One example where a seed crystal is used to grow large boules or ingots of a single crystal is the semiconductor industry where methods such as the Czochralski process or Bridgman technique are employed.
Also during the process of tempering chocolate, seed crystals can be used to promote the growth of favorable type V crystals
See also
Crystal structure
Crystallization
Laser heated pedestal growth
Micro-pulling-down
Polycrystal
Single crystal
Wafer (electronics)
Disappearing polymorphs
References
Crystals
The Subcommittee on State Department and USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilateral International Development is one of seven subcommittees of the United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Jurisdiction
The subcommittee's responsibilities include all matters involving State Department, USAID, Millennium Challenge Corporation, and Peace Corps management and international operations, bilateral international development policy, and bilateral foreign assistance. This jurisdiction includes the general oversight responsibility for management and operations of the Department of State, USAID, the Broadcasting Board of Governors, and the Foreign Service, as well as public diplomacy matters. This subcommittee will have responsibility for reviewing the budget and operations of the State Department and USAID.
Members, 117th Congress
External links
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
Senate Foreign Relations Committee subcommittees and jurisdictions
Foreign Relations Senate State Department and USAID Management, International Operations and Bilateral International Development
The Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 is a federal law in the United States that reformed disaster preparedness and response, and the activities of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. It was passed after public dissatisfaction with the federal response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005. It was signed by President George W. Bush on October 4, 2006.
United States federal law
Federal Emergency Management Agency
Effects of Hurricane Katrina
2006 in American law
Acts of the 109th United States Congress
Garnetts Wood and Barnston Lays is a 25 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest two miles south of Great Dunmow in Essex. It is owned and managed by Essex County Council "for quiet public recreation".
The site is coppiced woodland, mostly ancient, on glacial silt, sands, gravels and clay soils. It contains some of the best lime woodland, which is been once widespread but now rare, in the county. The ground flora are mainly brambles and dog's mercury, with some wood sorrel and bluebells. There are two ponds, which have the unusual water purslane. The woodland contains the rare wild service tree (Sorbus torminalis).
There is access from Bishop's Green.
The wood gets its name from the knight Geffrey Garnett who was given the wood in the 12th century by King Henry II. A statue was carved in its place. A plaque under the statue (since removed) read:
"Over 800 years ago Geffrey Garnet owned and walked these woods. They were given to them in 1165 as a knights fee a gift of land big enough to support a knight. Then in the service of King Henry II. The same trees that grew then are growing today and still yielding a coppiced wood crop. Now Garnetts Wood belongs to you. Welcome to your woodland."
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Essex
Obsessed is an American documentary series that began airing on the A&E Network on May 29, 2009. The series depicts the real-life struggle and treatment of people with anxiety disorders, including obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, and general anxiety disorder.
Robert Sharenow of A&E has said about the show "The series sheds a light on the vast world of anxiety disorders, while offering those who suffer from these debilitating afflictions a path to recovery..."
Critical reaction
Variety's online review of the show is mixed. It refers to the first half of the show as "providing a kind of voyeuristic carnival element" but later on in the review states that the producers make the show "mostly about the pain and loneliness of such disorders; it's not strictly a freak show".
Website PopMatters' review of the show concludes with saying the show "falls short" which "has to do both with the complexity of these conditions and its own limited, conventional means of conveying subjective states. "
Format
The first portion of each episode is dedicated to showing how each subject is affected by their disorder. The second portion of each episode shows the subjects undergoing cognitive behavioral therapy to treat their disorder.
Episode list
Season 1
Season 2
References
External links
Futon Critic interview with executive producer Troy Searer
Casting for A&E's Obsessed
2009 American television series debuts
2000s American reality television series
2010 American television series endings
2010s American reality television series
A&E (TV network) original programming
2000s American documentary television series
2010s American documentary television series
Anxiety disorders
English-language television shows
Television about mental health
Xavier J. Barile (March 18, 1891 in Tufo, Italy – October 1981 in New York City) was an American artist.
Life
In 1907, they immigrated with their family to Queens.
They studied at Cooper Union, and at the Art Students League, where they studied with John Sloan, William de Leftwich Dodge, Louis Mora, and Victor Perard.
They were director of the Barile Art School, from 1919 to 1939.
Barile worked for the Treasury Relief Art Project, assisting Reginald Marsh with the murals of the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House.
They were head of the Pueblo Junior College Art Department, from 1939 to 1946.
They married Lolita de Silva, in 1961.
Their papers are held at the Archives of American Art.
Their work is in the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110113061600/http://www.spanierman.com/Barile,-Xavier-J./album/0/1/
https://www.flickr.com/photos/emilio_guerra/4417245646/
1891 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Italian emigrants to the United States
Treasury Relief Art Project artists
People from the Province of Avellino
People from Queens, New York
Painters from New York (state)
Artists from New York City
Cooper Union alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Inosuke Hazama (14 November 1895 – 16 August 1977) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1895 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
The 1964 Bromley Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Bromley London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Beckenham, Municipal Borough of Bromley, Chislehurst and Sidcup Urban District, Orpington Urban District and Penge Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Bromley by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 187 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 25 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 56 candidates. Other candidates included 9 from the Communist party and 2 Independent Conservatives. There were 13 two-seat wards, 11 three-seat wards and 1 single-seat ward.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. The Conservatives got 7 aldermen, Labour 2 and the Liberals 1.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw the Conservatives gain the new council with a majority of 16 after winning 38 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 47.8%. This turnout included 1,803 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Frickenhausen am Main is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Main. Frickenhausen is one of the oldest towns of Mainfranken with a beautiful town center.
Notable residents
Adam Grünewald (1902–1945), German SS officer and Nazi concentration camp commandant
References
Würzburg (district)
Heilwig Jacob (born 4 July 1942) is a German sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1942 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
German female sprinters
Olympic athletes of the United Team of Germany
Sportspeople from Lubusz Voivodeship
People from Żary
Olympic female sprinters
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 800 metres M85 division of Masters athletics.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 800 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Now You See It: How the Brain Science of Attention Will Transform the Way We Live, Work, and Learn is a book by CUNY Graduate from Center professor Cathy Davidson published by Viking Press on August 19, 2011.
Summary and key themes
Outdated approaches to education
In Now You See It: How the Brain Science of Attention Will Transform the Way We Live, Work, and Learn, Cathy Davidson suggests that breakthroughs in cognitive science should recalibrate our sense of what it means to learn. According to Davidson, those of us in higher education are paradoxically obsessed with the implications of living in the "digital age," even though we have “yet to rethink how we need to be organizing our institutions—our schools, our offices—to maximize the opportunities of our digital era” (12). We tend to uphold models of teaching and assessments that no longer serve a generation of students who face a myriad of new challenges, as they attempt to learn to think critically in an era of information overload. Technology in all its forms is playing an increasingly important role in the lives of students. Colleges and universities, therefore, need to pay attention to the impact that the appropriate uses of digital tools can have on extending, enhancing, and enriching the student learning experience, both on and off campus. Moreover, and more importantly, Davidson argues that sustained exposure to such a range of digital media demands a different kind of attention than we previously required.
The science of attention
In Now You See It: How the Brain Science of Attention Will Transform the Way We Live, Work, and Learn Cathy Davidson examines the phenomenon of attention blindness: humans perceive only a fraction of everything going on around us, particularly when we're focusing intently on one specific task, and that this attention blindness does not properly prepare us for the multi-task oriented digital age. According to Davidson, attention blindness is a basic neurological feature of the human brain. In the introduction of Now You See It, Davidson describes attending a lecture on attention blindness which addressed the tendency of the human brain to concentrate intensely on one task at the expense of missing almost everything else. To demonstrate this tendency, the lecturer showed a video of six people passing basketballs back and forth, and instructed viewers to count the number of tosses only between those wearing white shirts. Many people correctly counted fifteen tosses, yet nearly everyone failed to see someone in a full gorilla suit stride in among those tossing basketballs, then walk away. Davidson, who is dyslexic, didn't even try to keep count, but instead decided to relax as they watched the tape, and thus, they noticed the gorilla.
Davidson argues that as a culture, our attention blindness represents a significant challenge that we must examine and meet head on; particularly since the Internet has revolutionized virtually every aspect of how our lives function now. The Internet, Davidson suggests, has catapulted us into an immediate, collaborative, and interconnected existence that is characterized by the sudden breakdown of barriers between private and public, work and play, domestic and foreign, office and home, etc. Davidson notes that although our lives have been irrevocably altered in these fundamental ways, our most important educational, corporate, and social institutions have not substantially changed in correlation with these upheavals. They claim that those in educational and corporate spheres continue to operate in 20th century modes (founded to meet the challenges of industrialization) as though we were currently not living through momentous, epochal changes.
“With the Internet, we have seen dramatic rearrangements, in a little over a decade, in the most basic aspects of how we communicate, interact, gather knowledge of the world, develop and recognize our social networks and our communities, do business and exchange goods, understand what is true, and know what counts and is worthy of attention” (11).
“This book starts from certain core questions:
Where do our patterns of attention come from?
How can what we know about attention help us change how we teach and learn?
How can the science of attention alter our ideas about how we test and what we measure?
How can we work better with others with different skills and expertise in order to see what we're missing in a complicated and interdependent world?
How does attention change as we age, and how can understanding the science of attention actually help us along the way?” (19-20)
Changing workplace
Technology, Davidson argues, re-shapes the way we learn and process new information in some fundamental ways. We surf hundreds of news feeds, immediately discriminating between the ones we need to read and the ones we don't. In our work environments, we are forced to focus, divide, and re-focus our attention as we are dealing with multiple tasks at the same time. Within this multitasking that the new workplace requires, Davidson urges them readers to re-imagine the concept of distraction. We are cultured to imagine that shopping online while finishing a report or answering personal emails and simultaneously working on a project are distractions which are detrimental to our productivity and efficiency. Every time we switch tasks, we are hurting our work. Davidson argues, however, that these small distractions afforded by technology should be thought of as innovations. "When we feel distracted, something's up. Distraction is really another word for saying that something is new, strange or different. We should pay attention to that feeling… Distraction is one of the best tools for innovation we have at our disposal—for changing patterns of attention and beginning the process of learning new patterns"
Re-imagined classroom
In addition to transforming our workplace and everyday life, Davidson argues that technology allows us a great opportunity to rethink the way we teach and organize our education system. In addition to the famous iPod experiment described earlier, Davidson suggests that gaming, blogging, self-grading, and collaborative learning are among the effective and innovative teaching tools and strategies, whose benefits outweigh those offered by the "one-size-fits-all model of standards that evolved over the course of the twentieth century." In the chapter, "Project Classroom Makeover," Davidson argues that the current education system is blind to the ways in which children learn and solve complex problems today, such as: creating and memorizing names and avatars of online game players, creating and writing simple codes to advance in games, searching internet for new information, and engaging with it in new creative ways. If the education system harnesses these natural curiosities through restructured curricula, it can promote creative and critical thinking and allow students to develop in their own, unique ways, rather than forcing them to fit into the standardized system of skills.
As an example of a Made-Over Classroom, Davidson discusses an experimental school Quest 2 Learn. Q2L is a school whose curriculum is based on the principles of gaming. There students don't just go from class to class, completing regular assignments, they participate in quests, aimed at solving complex problems, advancing from one level to another, culminating in a final project. This model, according to Davidson, has the potential to address the needs of children who are diagnosed with learning disabilities, such as ADHD or autism, allowing them to learn in ways that focus on their individual strengths without forcing them into a standardized learning structure, which could be detrimental to their engagement and future achievements.
Critical reception
Davidson's Now You See It has received largely positive reviews. Publishers Weekly called Now You See It "critically important" and "likely to shape discussions for years to come," while Howard Gardner of Harvard University celebrates Davidson for having "a mind that ranges comfortably over literary arts, literacy, psychology, and brain science" and predicts that their "timely book is certain to attract a lot of attention and to catalyze many discussions."
As of February 2015, Amazon.com rated the book 4 out of 5 stars, based on 45 separate reviews.
Although mainly positive, a few critical reactions question Davidson's "youth worship" and their "enthusiasm for anything new and digital and by an almost allergic aversion to any practices or artifacts from the pre-Internet era."
In a generally positive review of Now You See It, in the journal portal: Libraries and the Academy, Andrew Battista wrote "As inspiring as Now You See It can be, I would say that Davidson uncritically seeks to apply the doctrines of capitalist efficiency into contemporary learning. In fact, at times their vision of education seems to verge on a kind of fluency that will prepare people to compete in a new globalized economy rather than an altruistic experience that sees learning as the preparation of any fit participant in a democracy."
Cathy Davidson themselves revealed in a comment to an online article titled Open Access, Public Intellectualism, and Academic Reform that despite not being a neuroscientist herself, they have received only one and a half bad reviews from neuroscientists, while frequently receiving fan notes from other neuroscientists agreeing with their stance on the brain.
Davidson was appointed by President Barack Obama to a six-year term on the National Endowment for the Humanities.
Related readings
Davidson, Cathy N., and David Theo. Goldberg. The Future of Thinking: Learning Institutions in a Digital Age. Cambridge, MA: MIT, 2010. Print.
Thomas, Douglas, and John Seely. Brown. A New Culture of Learning: Cultivating the Imagination for a World of Constant Change. Lexington, KY: CreateSpace?, 2011. Print.
Wagner, Tony, and Robert A. Compton. Creating Innovators: The Making of Young People Who Will Change the World. New York: Scribner, 2012. Print.
Collins, Allan, and Richard Halverson. Rethinking Education in the Age of Technology: The Digital Revolution and Schooling in America. New York: Teachers College, 2009. Print.
References
External links
Author's website
HASTAC
Quest 2 Learn
2011 books
Cognitive science literature
Education literature
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Georgia, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1788, Georgia has participated in every U.S. presidential election except the election of 1864, when it had seceded in the American Civil War.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
Elections from 1864 to present
Election of 1860
The election of 1860 was a complex realigning election in which the breakdown of the previous two-party alignment culminated in four parties each competing for influence in different parts of the country. The result of the election, with the victory of an ardent opponent of slavery, spurred the secession of eleven states and brought about the American Civil War.
Elections from 1828 to 1856
Election of 1824
The election of 1824 was a complex realigning election following the collapse of the prevailing Democratic-Republican Party, resulting in four different candidates each claiming to carry the banner of the party, and competing for influence in different parts of the country. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and their supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Elections from 1788-89 to 1820
In the election of 1820, incumbent President James Monroe ran effectively unopposed, winning all 8 of Georgia's electoral votes, and all electoral votes nationwide except one vote in New Hampshire. To the extent that a popular vote was held, it was primarily directed to filling the office of Vice President.
See also
Elections in Georgia (U.S. state)
Notes
References
Shannon Emerick is an American voice actor who voices a number of English language localizations of Japanese anime shows with ADV Films, Seraphim Digital and Sentai Filmworks. They graduated from Yale University with a B.A. in Theater Studies and English. In anime, they are known as the voice of Charlotte Dunois from the Infinite Stratos series, Kei Kishimoto from Gantz and Riki Naoe from the Little Busters! series. Outside of voice acting, they are a stage actor in the Houston area. They won the Best Actress award from Houston Press for their theater work twice in 2006 and 2011, respectively.
Biography
In 2017, Emerick is slated to voice Arata Wataya as a young child in Sentai Filmworks' English dub of the adaptation of Yuki Suetsugu's manga series Chihayafuru. Wataya is one of the three main characters in the series.
English dubbing roles
Animation
Video games
Awards
References
External links
Shannon Emerick at Crystalacids.com
American stage actores
American voice actores
Living people
Yale University alumni
Actresses from Houston
Actresses from New York City
Actresses from New Haven, Connecticut
21st-century American actores
American television actores
American film actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Chintaman may refer to:
Suryakant Chintaman Chafekar AVSM, Air Vice Marshal, Senior Air and Administration Staff Officer in the Indian Air Force
Chintaman D. Deshmukh, CIE, ICS (1896–1982), Indian civil servant, Governor of the Reserve Bank of India
Ramchandra Chintaman Dhere (1930–2016), Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India
Chintaman Rao Gautam (born 1899), member of parliament from Balaghat constituency of Madhya Pradesh, India
Chintaman Vinayak Joshi (1892–1963), Marathi humorist and a researcher in Pali literature
Narasimha Chintaman Kelkar (1872–1947), lawyer from Miraj as well as a writer
Keshavkumar Chintaman Ketkar, Indian writer, politician and former journalist
Chintaman Ganesh Kolhatkar (1891–1959), Marathi stage actor, director, producer, and playwright
Chintaman Govind Pandit, OBE (1895–1991), Indian virologist, founder director of the Indian Council of Medical Research
Chintaman Vinayak Vaidya (1861–1938), Marathi-language historian and writer from Maharashtra, India
Chintaman Vanaga (1950–2018), Indian politician and Adivasi leader from Maharashtra
See also
Chintaman Ganesh railway station, small railway station in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, near the Chintaman Ganesh Temple
Chintaman Ganesh Temple, Ujjain, the biggest temple of Lord Ganesha in Ujjain of Madhya Pradesh, India
Chintamani (disambiguation)
The year 717 BC was a year of the pre-Julian Roman calendar. In the Roman Empire, it was known as year 37 Ab urbe condita . The denomination 717 BC for this year has been used since the early medieval period, when the Anno Domini calendar era became the prevalent method in Europe for naming years.
Events
The Sicilian colony of Chersonesos is established (or 716 BC).
Assyrian king Sargon conquers the Neo-Hittite stronghold of Carchemish.
Births
Deaths
References
710s BC
Bugulidae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Cheilostomatida.
Genera
The World Register of Marine Species lists the following genera:-
Beanodendria d'Hondt & Gordon, 1996
Bicellariella Levinsen, 1909
Bicellarina Levinsen, 1909
Brettiella Gordon, 1984
Bugula Oken, 1815
Bugularia Levinsen, 1909
Bugulella Verrill, 1879
Bugulina Gray, 1848
Bugulopsis Verrill, 1880
Calyptozoum Harmer, 1926
Camptoplites Harmer, 1923
Carolanna Gordon, 2021
Caulibugula Verrill, 1900
Cornucopina Levinsen, 1909
Corynoporella Hincks, 1888
Crisularia Gray, 1848
Cuneiforma d'Hondt & Schopf, 1985
Dendrobeania Levinsen, 1909
Dimetopia Busk, 1852
Falsibugulella Liu, 1984
Farciminellopsis Silén, 1941
Halophila Gray, 1843
Himantozoum Harmer, 1923
Himantozoumella d'Hondt & Schopf, 1985
Kinetoskias Danielssen, 1868
Klugella Hastings, 1943
Luguba Gordon, 1984
Nordgaardia Kluge, 1962
Semidendrobeania d'Hondt & Schopf, 1985
Semikinetoskias Silén, 1941
Sessibugula Osburn, 1950
Thaminozoum d'Hondt & Gordon, 1996
Uschakovia Kluge, 1946
Virididentula Fehlauer-Ale, Winston, Tilbrook, Nascimento & Vieira, 2015
Xenoflustra Moyano, 2011
References
Bryozoan families
This is a list of electoral districts or ridings in Canada for the Canadian federal election of 1917 and 1921.
Electoral Districts are constituencies that elect Members of Parliament in Canada's House of Commons.
Nova Scotia – 16 seats
Antigonish—Guysborough
Cape Breton South and Richmond*
Colchester
Cumberland
Digby and Annapolis
Halifax*
Hants
Inverness
Kings
Lunenburg
North Cape Breton and Victoria
Pictou
Shelburne and Queen's
Yarmouth and Clare
Prince Edward Island – 4 seats
King's
Prince
Queen's*
When the new arrangement was devised in 1914, it gave PEI only three seats. After public complaints, a rule that a province could not have fewer MPs than Senators was introduced giving PEI back a fourth seat in 1915. The arrangement with only three PEI seats was never used in an election.
New Brunswick – 11 seats
Charlotte
Gloucester
Kent
Northumberland
Restigouche—Madawaska
Royal
St. John—Albert*
Victoria—Carleton
Westmorland
York—Sunbury
Quebec – 65 seats
Argenteuil
Bagot
Beauce
Beauharnois
Bellechasse
Berthier
Bonaventure
Brome
Chambly—Verchères
Champlain
Charlevoix—Montmorency
Châteauguay—Huntingdon
Chicoutimi—Saguenay
Compton
Dorchester
Drummond—Arthabaska
Gaspé
George-Étienne Cartier
Hochelaga
Hull
Jacques Cartier
Joliette
Kamouraska
L'Assomption—Montcalm
L'Islet
Labelle
Laprairie—Napierville
Laurier—Outremont
Laval—Two Mountains
Lévis
Lotbinière
Maisonneuve
Maskinongé
Matane
Mégantic
Missisquoi
Montmagny
Nicolet
Pontiac
Portneuf
Quebec County
Quebec East
Quebec South
Quebec West
Richelieu
Richmond—Wolfe
Rimouski
Shefford
Sherbrooke (Town of)
St. Ann
St. Antoine
St. Denis
St. Hyacinthe—Rouville
St. James
St. Johns—Iberville
St. Lawrence—St. George
St. Mary
Stanstead
Témiscouata
Terrebonne
Three Rivers and St. Maurice
Vaudreuil—Soulanges
Westmount—St. Henri
Wright
Yamaska
Ontario – 82 seats
Algoma East
Algoma West
Brant
Brantford
Bruce North
Bruce South
Carleton
Dufferin
Dundas
Durham
Elgin East
Elgin West
Essex North
Essex South
Fort William and Rainy River
Frontenac
Glengarry and Stormont
Grenville
Grey North
Grey Southeast
Haldimand
Halton
Hamilton East
Hamilton West
Hastings East
Hastings West
Huron North
Huron South
Kent
Kingston
Lambton East
Lambton West
Lanark
Leeds
Lennox and Addington
Lincoln
London
Middlesex East
Middlesex West
Muskoka
Nipissing
Norfolk
Northumberland
Ontario North
Ontario South
Ottawa (City of)*
Oxford North
Oxford South
Parkdale
Parry Sound
Peel
Perth North
Perth South
Peterborough East
Peterborough West
Port Arthur and Kenora
Prescott
Prince Edward
Renfrew North
Renfrew South
Russell
Simcoe East
Simcoe North
Simcoe South
Timiskaming
Toronto Centre
Toronto East
Toronto North
Toronto South
Toronto West
Victoria
Waterloo North
Waterloo South
Welland
Wellington North
Wellington South
Wentworth
York East
York North
York South
York West
Manitoba – 15 seats
Brandon
Dauphin
Lisgar
Macdonald
Marquette
Neepawa
Nelson
Portage la Prairie
Provencher
Selkirk
Souris
Springfield
Winnipeg Centre
Winnipeg North
Winnipeg South
Saskatchewan – 16 seats
Assiniboia
Battleford
Humboldt
Kindersley
Last Mountain
Mackenzie
Maple Creek
Moose Jaw
North Battleford
Prince Albert
Qu'Appelle
Regina
Saltcoats
Saskatoon
Swift Current
Weyburn
Alberta – 12 seats
Battle River
Bow River
Calgary West
East Calgary
Edmonton East
Edmonton West
Lethbridge
Macleod
Medicine Hat
Red Deer
Strathcona
Victoria
British Columbia – 13 seats
Burrard
Cariboo
Comox—Alberni
Kootenay East
Kootenay West
Nanaimo
New Westminster
Skeena
Vancouver Centre
Vancouver South
Victoria City
Westminster District (renamed Fraser Valley in 1919)
Yale
Yukon – 1 seat
Yukon
*returned two members
1914-1924
Luisa Whittaker-Brooks (born 1984) is an American chemist who is an associate professor at the University of Utah. They were named a L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science honouree in 2013 and one of Chemical & Engineering News' Talented 12 in 2017.
Early life and education
Whittaker grew up in Panama. As a child, they became interested in the hydroelectric dams that powered Panama. They started to think about alternative sources of energy. Whittaker earned their bachelor's degree at the University of Panama, where they studied analytical chemistry. They moved to the United States for their graduate studies, where they joined the University at Buffalo as a Fulbright Program fellow. There they completed their master's and doctoral degrees within three and a half years. For their doctoral research Whittaker studied vanadium oxide. Vanadium oxide is opaque when hot and transparent when cold, and Whittaker wondered whether it could be used to coat windows and keep buildings cool. Throughout their doctoral research they worked to lower the transition temperature that this phase change occurs at, and eventually commercialised their technology. Whittaker-Brooks worked as a postdoctoral scholar with Yueh-Lin Loo, where they used low-temperature hydrothermal methods to study zinc oxide nanostructures.
Research and career
Whittaker studies novel photovoltaic and thermoelectric materials for energy generation and storage.  They are particularly interested in chalcogenides and perovskites and how their composition and structure impacts their electronic properties. Whittaker has researched how bias stress and sample heterogeneity impact the performance and operational lifetime of organic-inorganic halide perovskites (OIHPs). They have also studied the role of excitons in their operational stability and impact of moisture and oxygen. In 2019 they were elected to the advisory board of ChemNanoMat.
Awards and honours
2007 Fulbright Program Fellow
2013 L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards
2015 American Association for the Advancement of Science Milligan Mason Award for Women in the Chemical Sciences
2017 Chemical & Engineering News' Talented 12
2017 National Organization for the Professional Advancement of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers Lloyd N. Ferguson Young Scientist Award for Excellence in Research
2017 American Physical Society Ovshinsky Sustainable Energy Fellow
2018 Journal of Materials Chemistry A Emerging Leader
2021 Camille Dreyfus Teacher Scholar Award
Select publications
References
1984 births
Living people
University of Panama alumni
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
University of Utah faculty
University at Buffalo alumni
The Immunologic Constant of Rejection (ICR), is a notion introduced by biologists to group a shared set of genes expressed in tissue destructive-pathogenic conditions like cancer and infection, along a diverse set of physiological circumstances of tissue damage or organ failure, including autoimmune disease or allograft rejection. The identification of shared mechanisms and phenotypes by distinct immune pathologies, marked as a hallmarks or biomarkers, aids in the identification of novel treatment options, without necessarily assessing patients phenomenologies individually.
Concept
The concept of immunologic constant of rejection is based on the proposition that:
Tissue-specific destruction does not necessarily only occur after non-self recognition of the body, but can also occur against self- or quasi-self; such as the phenotypes observed in autoimmune diseases.
Immune cells required for the induction of a cognate/adaptive immune response differ from those cells necessary for the activation of an effector immune response.
Although the causes of tissue-specific destruction vary among pathologic states, the effector immune response observed in these conditions is found to converge into one single mechanism, including the activation of adaptive and innate cytotoxic mechanisms.
Adaptive immunity participates as a tissue-specific trigger, but it is not always sufficient or necessary for tissue destruction. Intensive work on factors activated during immune-mediated rejection have concluded that tissue-specific destruction is correlated with the expression of interferons (IFNa and IFNy), and Interferon-stimulated gene (ISGs).
Mechanism
In the case of autoimmunity and/or allograft rejection, immunity broadens in the target organ by producing chemokines of the CXCL family that recruit the receptor CXCR3-bearing cytotoxic T cells. These initiate the following cascade:
CXCR3 ligand chemokines (CXCL-9, -10 and -11) are produced in response to activated B cells and the pro-inflammatory secretion of interleukin 12 (IL12) and/or interferon-gamma (IFNy) by antigen-presenting cells (APCs).
CXCR3 expressing Th1-polarized CD4 T cells and cytotoxic T cells are recruited to the site of acute inflammation.
Antigen-activated T cells secrete CCR5 ligands (CCL2 and CCL3) to recruit natural killer (NK) cells and other innate immune effector cells to the site of acute inflammation.
Several cytotoxic mechanisms converge on the target tissue, and its complete destruction occurs through the activated effects of CTLs, NK cells, granulocytes, macrophages and dendritic cells.
As such, 20 genes involved in this cascade make up the ICR gene set, including:
T helper type 1 (Th1) cell-related factors such as IFNy, signal transducers and activator of transcription 1 (STAT1), IL12B, Interferon-regulatory factor 1 (IRF1), the transcription factor T-bet (TBX21).
CD8 Tcell markers : CD8A & CD8B
Immune effector or cytotoxic factors like the granzymes GZMA, GZMB, GZMH, perforin PRF1, and granulysin GNLY.
Chemokine ligands CXCL9, CXCL10, and CCL5 that bind to chemokine receptors such as CXCR3 and CCR5,
Immune suppressive or counter regulatory genes like IDO1, PDCD1, PDL1 (CD274), CTLA4 and FOXP3
Clinical significance
Cancer
The disrupted homeostasis of cancer cells is found to initiate processes promoting cell growth. To illustrate, growth factors and chemokines activated in response to injury are recruited by tumour cells, sustaining chronic inflammation; similarly to the immune phenotype found in chronic infection, allograft rejection and autoimmunity diseases. The role of immunity in cancer is demonstrated by the predictive and prognostic role of tumour-infiltrating lymphocytes (TIL) and immune response gene signatures. In several cancers these genes show great correlation. A high expression of these genes indicates an active immune engagement, and at least a partial rejection of the cancer tissue.
Breast Cancer
In breast cancer increased survival is observed in patients displaying a high level of ICR gene expression. This immune active phenotype was associated with an increased level of mutations while the poor immune phenotype was defined by perturbation in the MAPK signalling pathways.
The consensus clustering of tumours based on ICR gene expression provides an assessment of the prognosis and response to immunotherapy. To illustrate, classification of breast cancer into four classes (ranking from ICR4 to ICR1) have shown better levels of immune anti-tumour response in ICR4 tumours, as well as a prolonged survival in comparison to ICR1-3 tumours. Another study have assessed the clinico-biological value of ICR in breast cancer, via the classification of around 8700 breast tumours and assessment of metastasis-free survival and pathological complete response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy.
It has been proven that ICR signature is associated with metastasis-free survival and pathological response to chemotherapy. The increased enrichment of immune signature reflects the expression of cells including T cells, cytotoxic T cells, Th-1 cells, CD8+ T cells, Tγδ cells, and APCs; which defines tumours as immune-active and immune-silent. [7] Although being associated with poor-prognosis, the infiltration of immune cells in ICR4 tumours have resulted in a longer metastasis-free survival and better response to chemotherapy, proving the importance of immune reaction in breast cancer. It was also shown that ICR classification is dependent upon intrinsic molecular subtype of breast tumours, being highly present in triple-negative and HER2+ tumours.
Pancancer
A pre-existing intratumoral anti-tumor T helper (Th-1) immune response has been linked to favorable outcomes with immunotherapy, but not all immunologically active cancers respond to treatment. In a pan-cancer analysis using The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) including 31 cancer types from 9282 patients, high expression of the ICR signature was associated with significant prolonged survival in breast invasive carcinoma, skin cutaneous melanoma, sarcoma, and uterine corpus endometrial carcinoma, while this "hot" immune phenotype was associated with reduced overall survival in uveal melanoma, low grade glioma, pancreatic adenocarcinoma and kidney renal clear cell carcinoma. In a systemic analysis, cancer-specific pathways were found to modulate the prognostic value of ICR. In tumors with a high proliferation score, ICR was linked to better survival, while in tumors with low proliferation no association with survival was observed. In tumors dominated by cancer signaling, for example by increased TGF beta signaling, the "hot" immune phenotype did not have any survival benefit, suggesting that the immune response is heavily suppressed without protective effect.
The clinical relevance of this finding was demonstrated in the Van Allen dataset with tumor samples of melanoma patients treated with checkpoint inhibitor anti-CTLA4. Overall, a significantly increased expression of ICR was observed in responders compared to non-responders. However, an association of high ICR scores pretreatment with survival was only observed for samples with high proliferation scores. Conversely, ICR was only associated with survival in samples with low TGF beta expression.
Other diseases
Molecular pathways including IFN-stimulated genes activation; the recruitment of NK cells and T cells, by the secretion of CCL5 and CXCL9-10; and the induction of immune effector mechanisms are found overlapping in conditions like autoimmunity, as a result of host-against-self reaction, where immune cells initiate tissue-specific destruction. Similarly, allografting results in a strong immune response, which clinically necessitates a continued immunosuppression to maintain graft survival. They are found to express conformational epitopes, such as MHC molecules, as nonself antigens, which activates both B and T cells.
Alternatives and Variations
T cell–inflamed GEP or Tumor Inflammation Signature (TIS)
An 18-gene Gene Expression Profile that predicted response to pembrolizumab across multiple solid tumors. Can be used with a platform such as the NanoString nCounter platform and define tumor type–independent dimensions of the tumor microenvironment relevant to predicting clinical outcome for agents targeting the PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway.
Gene Signature : CCL5, CD27, CD274 (PD-L1), CD276 (B7-H3), CD8A, CMKLR1, CXCL9, CXCR6, HLA-DQA1, HLA-DRB1, HLA-E, IDO1, LAG3, NKG7, PDCD1LG2 (PDL2), PSMB10, STAT1, and TIGIT.
Cytolytic Activity Score (CYT)
A simple 2 gene mean expression score of GZMA and PRF1 expression. High CYT within colorectal cancer is associated with improved survival, likely due to increased immunity and cytolytic activity of T cells and M1 macrophages. The 5-year recurrence-free survival of liver cancer patients with low CYT scores was significantly shorter than that of patients with high CYT scores.
References
Immunology
Milorad Milutinović (; 10 March 1935 – 12 July 2015) was a Serbian football player and manager.
Career
Like their two brothers Miloš and Bora, Milorad played with Partizan Belgrade as defender in the 1950s and 1960s, playing a total of 194 games and scoring 9 goals. With Belgrade, they won the Yugoslav First League three times: in 1960-61, 1961-62 and 1962-63.
They were part of the Yugoslav squad at the 1958 FIFA World Cup, but did not play, and ended their career with no national team caps.
After ending their playing career, they became a football manager. They were the manager of Neuchâtel Xamax between 1968 and 1969.
References
Profile at FIFA.com
Switzerland - Trainers of First and Second Division Clubs at RSSSF
Stats from Partizan at clubs official site
1935 births
2015 deaths
Serbian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslav First League players
FK Partizan players
OFK Beograd players
FK Bor players
FC La Chaux-de-Fonds players
Yugoslav expatriate footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
1958 FIFA World Cup players
Association football defenders
Serbian football managers
Yugoslav football managers
Neuchâtel Xamax FCS managers
Expatriate football managers in Switzerland
People from Bajina Bašta
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1967:
1967
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1967 at HKcinemamagic.com
1967
Lists of 1967 films by country or language
Films
Carmen E. Arroyo (born June 2, 1933) is an American politician and a native of Puerto Rico who is the first Hispanic woman elected to the New York State Assembly. They served the 84th Assembly District, which covers the Mott Haven, Port Morris, Melrose, The Hub, Longwood, Concourse, and Hunts Point sections of the South Bronx.
Early years
Arroyo was born and raised in the town of in Corozal, Puerto Rico where they received both their primary and secondary education. They graduated from Corozal High School and then attended the Sixto Febus Business School where they took Secretarial and Bookkeeping courses and earned a diploma. They married Pablo Arroyo and together they had seven children; they were eventually abandoned by their husband and they then decided to move to the United States.
In 1964, Arroyo moved to New York City with their children and settled down in the borough of the Bronx. While the idea of the move to the United States was a search for a better way of life they were soon faced with racial discrimination and other hardships. Arroyo became dependent on the welfare and public assistance systems of the state.
Arroyo took classes in English and attended Eugenio María de Hostos Community College, of the City University of New York (CUNY) where in 1978 they earned their Associate of Arts degree. Arroyo studied at night and worked during the day while they attended the College of New Rochelle. They earned their Bachelor of Arts degree from said educational institution in 1980.
First female Puerto Rican housing developer
Arroyo organized a group of welfare mothers and formed the South Bronx Action Group in 1966. They became the group's executive director and with the federal funds which the group received they were able to provide the community with services in employment, health and adult education. In 1978 Arroyo became the Executive Director of the South Bronx Community Corporation where they worked to develop private homes in the South Bronx that were sold to families and residents of the South Bronx Community. They were also instrumental in the construction of 194 housing units for senior citizens becoming the first Puerto Rican woman housing developer in New York State.
New York State Assembly
In a special election held in February, 1994, Arroyo ran and was elected to the New York State Assembly, representing the 84th District which includes the Bronx and thus became the first Puerto Rican woman elected to the Assembly and the first Puerto Rican woman elected to any state assembly in the United States. Among the committees which they have been assigned to are those on:
Alcoholism and Drug Abuse;
Children and Families; and
Education and Aging committees.
Arroyo has also been involved with:
The Assembly/Senate Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force,
The Black and Puerto Rican Caucus,
The Women's Caucus,
The National Order of Women Legislators, and
The New York City Commission on the Status of Women
Arroyo's daughter, Maria del Carmen Arroyo has followed in their mother's footsteps and ran for a seat in New Yorks City Council and was sworn in on March 21, 2005, representing District 17 of the Bronx. On April 23, 2004, New York State Governor George E. Pataki presented Arroyo with the Champions of Housing Award in a reception held in Albany, New York.
NY State Assemblywoman Carmen Arroyo has been sued by the state Board of Elections 21 times since 2006 for failing to file their campaign finances. The nondisclosure is a violation of state election laws that often results in heavy fines, but little else. Arroyo has an established record of ignoring the deadlines.
The Board of Elections has sued the lawmaker 21 times since 2006—for a total of $12,700—for failing to file campaign financial disclosures. It is speculated that their failure to report is due to misappropriation of campaign funds in connection to gambling.
Board of Elections Officer Risa Sugarman referred Arroyo to the state attorney general in 2015 due to numerous financial irregularities. Including a number of 'loans' allegedly made in 2014" by the campaign committee to Arroyo. At least one of the loans appeared to have been paid directly to Empire City Casino in Yonkers, Sugarman wrote.
In total, $3,322 in campaign funds were either withdrawn from an ATM located at the casino or used to make at least one direct purchase at the facility, Sugarman found.
According to a footnote in the letter, a January 2015 bank statement from Chase indicates that a "loan" of $518 made on Jan. 2 of that year was a "card purchase" made to Empire City Casino.
In addition in 2013, it was found that individuals who worked on Arroyo's daughters campaign in 2013 had forged petition signatures for ballot access in their reelection to council. They also came under fire for paying their son over $55,000 from their campaign account for a part-time advisory role.
Currently
Carmen Arroyo currently continues to hold their political position and has published their autobiography titled "Carmen Arroyo: Puertorriqueña en Nueva York, mujer de armas tomadas" (Carmen Arroyo: Puerto Rican Female in New York). They also published a book of poems titled "Mis Poemas" (My Poems). Assemblywoman Arroyo currently serves as Chair of the Sub-Committee on the Effective Treatment of Alcoholism and Drug Addiction, Chair of the Sub-Committee on Bilingual Education, Chair of the Assembly Office of State and Federal Affairs, and Chair of the Assembly and Senate Puerto Rican/Hispanic Task Force.
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
History of women in Puerto Rico
References
External links
New York State Assembly Member Website
Assemblymember Carmen E. Arroyo
1936 births
American politicians of Puerto Rican descent
Puerto Rican people in New York (state) politics
City College of New York alumni
Living people
Members of the New York State Assembly
People from Corozal, Puerto Rico
Women state legislators in New York (state)
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Politicians from the Bronx
Hispanic and Latino American state legislators in New York (state)
Hispanic and Latino American women in politics
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American women politicians
Ramjas School is a co-educational, senior secondary four-section school in New Delhi, India, affiliated with the CBSE. It was founded by Rai Kedarnath who named it after their father. The school is funded and run by the Ramjas Trust.
The current principal of this school is Mrs. Surabhi Dua. The Manager of this school is Atam Prakash Aggarwal, who is brother of former Congress M.P Jai Prakash Aggarwal whereas Shubhra Gupta is the chairperson.
The school was established by the Ramjas Foundation in 1971. It is a co-educational English medium school, located on Pusa Road. It is recognised by the Directorate of Education, Delhi. Ramjas is a four-section school from classes VI to XII. The school has about 1,047 students and 46 teachers. The school offers a wide range of courses at the +2 level in all the three streams, namely Science, Commerce and Humanities.
Classes are primarily taught in English. Other languages used are Hindi, Sanskrit and Spanish. The school is criticized for using chit method to allot students Sanskrit or Spanish language.
After Class 10th students can choose either science, commerce or humanities as their stream for further studies.
Admission
Admission is given in 6th Class. Children from Ramjas Primary Schools are given priority in admissions. There are 3 ways to get admission in the school.
1. Ramjas Student – Students who earlier studied in Ramjas Foundation Schools until 5th Class and secure a good percentage in 5th Class can get admission easily. Maijority of students are admitted on this basis.
Primary schools of Ramjas Foundation (5th)
Ramjas Nursery Primary School, Darya Ganj
Ramjas Primary School, P. K. Road
Ramjas Nursery Primary School, Ballimaran
Babu Ram Happy School, Kucha Pati Ram
The seats are given on basis of merit and marks of students in 5th Standard. The cutoff is relatively normal as only students who have studied till 5th Class in Ramjas Primary Schools can get admission.
2. Selected in EWS/PwD List of Delhi Government – 25% seats are reserved for EWS category children in all private schools. If child is disabled, then also there is reservation. Every year Govt opens portal for these registrations.Apply Here
Fees
The school charges Rs.200 in admission fees for new students. Average fees per student is around Rs.95,000($1189)per year.Other than that there are various other donations and funds that a student is forced to pay, for e.g Library Fee, Rai Kedar Nath Fund etc.
Controversy
In 2015, a petition was filed in Delhi High Court against the school for denying admission to a child in 6th Standard by adopting a screening procedure illegal under RTE Act. According to parent, their child was denied because they were critical of the school management and admission was not given despite circular issued by Ramjas Primary School Daryaganj and PTA Committe.
There have been multiple allegations against school staff on public forums of corporal punishment, shaming and exploitation. Despite this, the school does not take any action and has no mechanism to redress them.
Despite DTC charging only 40-50 rupees per kilometer, the school charges around Rs.2000 per student. School dress is changed frequently so that it is unavailable in market and can be purchased from school only. Textbooks and copies are changed every year and there is a sepratre Unit Test register for every subject.
School activities include music, dance, arts, table tennis, volleyball, basketball, and computers.The ground is too small for playing. Moreover, the coaches charge large amount of money from students. Table tennis, football, basketball and badminton is all packed in a small area.
See also
Ramjas School, R. K. Puram
References
External links
High schools and secondary schools in Delhi
New Delhi
Schools in Delhi
Educational institutions in India
Yu-3 or Yu 3may refer to:
Yu-3 torpedo, a Chinese torpedo
, an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of World War II
Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque (also called the Qatar State Mosque) is the national mosque of Qatar. It is named after Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab, a Sunni Muslim preacher, scholar, and theologian from the Najd region in central Arabia, founder of the Islamic doctrine and movement known as Wahhabism.
The mosque was opened in 2011, with the Emir of Qatar presiding over the occasion.
Architecture
The mosque is built in traditional Arab style with modern features.
The mosque covers a total area of 175,164 sq.m. As many as 11,000 men can offer prayers in the air-conditioned central hall of the mosque and the adjacent special enclosure is spacious enough for 1200 women. There are three main doors and 17 side entrances to the mosque. As many as 28 large domes cover the central hall while 65 domes cover the outer quadrangle. On the whole the mosque can hold a congregation of 30,000 people.
Controversy
In 2012, the mosque banned children from entering the mosque during tarawih prayers in the month of Ramadhan. This resulted in parents arguing with security staff.
A female worshiper accompanying a toddler complained that they were turned away from sunset prayers (when the mosque was fairly empty). When they protested, they were offered a prayer rug and shown to a corner near the ablution room, but was still not allowed to go upstairs to pray. Male worshipers had similar complaints.
In 2013 the ban was reinstated, causing further outrage among mosque attendees.
Mohamad al-Arefe said that Syria jihad is incumbent and did apologia for the militant Islamist group al-Nusra Front, visiting the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque.
Zaghloul El-Naggar engaged in 9/11 denial and spoke twice in the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque.
In a Sermon at Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq delivered a sermon, calling for the end of Jews and Christians by the hands of God and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted by God in February 2013. On 2 October 2013 at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque, Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq again called for their destruction of Christians and Jews and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted. In February 2014 the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) tweeted that the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque was hosting another sermon by al-Ateeq. On 6 July 2014 during Ramadan, al-Ateeq preached at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque. on 9 July 2014 al-Ateeq also gave another Ramadan sermon at the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque. Sa'ad Ateeq al-Ateeq has called for the destruction of Shias, Christians, Nusayris (Alawites), and Jews and called for Muslims and Islam to be exalted in the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque in January 2015. This was advertised on the website of the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) and on the official Twitter account of the Ministry of Awqaf and Islamic Affairs (Qatar) Their January 2015 sermon in the Imam Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab Mosque was advertised by al-Ateeq on their Twitter. The Foundation for Defense of Democracies, The Daily Beast, and Foreign Policy magazine have run articles on Al-Ateeq and their views, with Foreign Policy having compiled a large documentation of their government sponsored activities at this Mosque.
In 2017 there has been a request published on the Saudi Arabian newspaper Okaz signed by 200 descendants of Ibn Abd al-Wahhab to change the name of the mosque, because according to their statement "it does not carry its true Salafi path", even though most Qataris adhere to Wahhabism.
References
2011 establishments in Qatar
Mosques in Doha
Mosques completed in 2011
21st-century mosques
Semrush Inc is an American public company that offers a SaaS platform known as Semrush. The platform is often used for keyword research and online ranking data, including metrics such as search volume and cost per click (CPC). The platform also collects information about online keywords gathered from Google and Bing search engines. It was released by Boston-based company Semrush Inc, founded by Oleg Shchegolev and Dmitri Melnikov.
As of 2022, the company has 1000+ employees and offices in Barcelona, Belgrade, Berlin, Yerevan, Limassol, Prague, Warsaw, Amsterdam, Austin, Boston, Dallas, Philadelphia, and Trevose. It went public in March 2021 and trades on .
History
Oleg Shchegolev and Dmitri Melnikov started out as SEO enthusiasts, interested in industry developments and new technologies, and wanted to create a tool to identify market trends and industry best practices.
The software was released as Seodigger before becoming an extension of Firefox, then renamed SeoQuake Company in 2007, before landing on SEMrush. In 2016, the software broke the one million user mark with customers in more than 100 countries.
In April 2018, the company received $40 million in funding as part of a financing transaction co-led by venture capital firms Greycroft, E.ventures and Siguler Guff, in preparation for its expansion into various platforms of research, including those owned by Amazon, Microsoft, and Baidu.
In December 2020, the company rebranded with a new visual identity, updating its name from "SEMrush" to "Semrush".
In March 2021, Semrush had an initial public offering and went public on NYSE under the symbol . The S-1 form revealed that the company had sales of $213 million and more than 82,000 customers.
In June 2022, the company launched a beta tool for content generation called Content Outline Builder. The tool will suggest ideas on article writing and blog posts. SEMrush also announced on June 27 2022 that their Backlinks insights data is now integrated with SurferSEO, a marketing tool focussed on content creation.
Semrush backlink checker
When any website inserts a link to your website on some pages of their website is called a backlink. A backlink is a very important factor to appear your website on search results. This is the basic and the main factor to rank your website on search engines. For more click here.
Features
The key features of the Semrush tool include:
Google rank tracking
Domain authority tracking
Competitor analysis
Backlink analysis
Keyword research
Site audits
Keyword click analysis
Content explorer
Semrush Sensor
Traffic Analytics
Site Audit
See also
Keyword research
Search engine optimization
Search engine marketing
Search engine results page
Pay-per-click advertising
Backlink analysis
References
Internet search
Online databases
Search engine optimization companies
Internet terminology
Search engine optimization
2008 software
Internet properties established in 2008
2021 initial public offerings
Companies based in Boston
Companies listed on NYSE American
Elisabeth Christina von Linné (1743–1782), was a Swedish botanist, daughter of Carl Linnaeus and Sara Elisabeth Moræa.
Life
There is no direct information about the education of Elisabeth Christina von Linné, as it is not clearly mentioned anywhere. However, as their brother was given home tuition in preparation for university studies, and they are confirmed to have socialized with the students of their father, who were also tutored in the family home, it is seen as likely that they were given home tuition by the same teachers as their brother and their father's students, perhaps also with them, which was not uncommon in Sweden at the time.
They were acquainted with several of their father's students, among them Erik Gustaf Lidbeck and Daniel Solander, the latter of whom they reportedly wished to marry, but as they did not return from their expedition, the marriage never took place.
Linné married major Carl Fredrik Bergencrantz in 1764 and had two children. However, they left their husband and moved back with their parents a couple of years after their wedding because they had been subjected to spousal abuse: they died at the age of 39, and their children also died before adulthood. Them mother blamed their early death upon the abuse they had been subjected to while married.
Scientific activity
Linné is referred to as the first female botanist in Sweden in a modern sense, despite not having received any formal education.
It was they who first described the optic phenomenon in which the Tropaeolum majus appears to send out small bursts of lightning, now named the Elizabeth Linnæus Phenomenon (or, in German, ) after them
They published their observations on the topic in a paper for the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1762, aged 19. The paper is called ("Concerning the flickering of the Indian crass"). This paper came to the notice of the English doctor, scientist and poet, Erasmus Darwin. They included a reference to it in their "The botanic garden, part II, containing the loves of the plants" (1789) in which they also reported a confirmation of the phenomenon by M. Haggren, a lecturer in natural history who had published their findings in Paris in 1788.
The poets William Wordsworth and Samuel Taylor Coleridge read Darwin's accounts early in their careers and, influenced by these accounts, they referred to flashing flowers in their poems, Wordsworth in "I wandered lonely as a cloud" also called "Daffodils" ('They flash upon that inward eye') and Coleridge in their "Lines Written At Shurton Bars..." ('Flashes the golden-coloured flower / A fair electric flame'). Thus Elizabeth Linnaeus came, through Darwin, to influence the pioneers of English Romantic poetry.
References
Further reading
1743 births
1782 deaths
18th-century Swedish botanists
18th-century Swedish women scientists
Swedish women botanists
Swedish taxonomists
Women taxonomists
Carl Linnaeus
Age of Liberty people
Swedish nobility
USS Hardhead (SS-365), a submarine, was a ship of the United States Navy named for the hardhead, a fish of the croaker family. Hardhead received six battle stars for World War II service. All six of their combat patrols were "successful".
Construction and commissioning
Hardhead was launched by the Manitowoc Shipbuilding Company at Manitowoc, Wisconsin on 12 December 1943, sponsored by Mrs. Inez Riddle McDonald, wife of Lieutenant Commander Eugene F. McDonald (Retired), President of Zenith Radio Corporation, and commissioned on 18 April 1944.
Service history
Following shakedown training in Lake Michigan Hardhead entered a floating dry dock at Lockport, Illinois, and was towed to New Orleans, Louisiana, where they arrived o 16 May 1944. They got underway from Algiers, Louisiana, on 22 May1944, and arrived at Balboa, Panama Canal Zone, five days later. There they took part in additional training exercises before their arrival at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on 7 July 1944.
First war patrol, July – September 1944
Hardhead, departed on their first war patrol 27 July and proceeded to their patrol area off the Philippines. Early 18 August they detected the east of San Bernardino Strait, and closed for a surface attack. The first well-directed salvo stopped the cruiser dead in the water; a second sent them to the bottom.
During the remainder of their first patrol Hardhead rendered lifeguard services during strikes by fleet aircraft on the Philippines and operated with a reconnaissance line during the Palaus operation. They arrived Fremantle, Australia, 26 September 1944.
Second war patrol, October – December 1944
Hardheads second patrol began as they departed Fremantle 24 October and set course for the Philippines. While steaming on the surface through the Sulu Sea October they discovered a life raft adrift. In it was Commander Bakutis, commander of a fighter squadron (VF-20) from the aircraft carrier , who had been in the water for six days after being shot down during America's victory in the Battle of Leyte Gulf.
Operating in a coordinated group with and , the submarine sighted a large cargo ship with escorts 8 November. After being driven off in one attack, Hardhead aggressively gained an ahead position and sank Manei Maru. It was during this attack that Growler was lost.
Hardhead performed lifeguard duty off Subic Bay in November and on 25 November came upon an escorted merchant ship. They sank a coast defense vessel, damaged the merchantman, and evaded a retaliatory depth charge attack. Soon afterward, the submarine returned to Fremantle, ending another patrol on 5 December.
Third and fourth war patrols, December 1944 – May 1945
Putting to sea again 24 December, Hardhead began their third war patrol in the South China Sea. Operating with and , Hardhead damaged several ships before sinking Nanshin Maru 2 February 1945. Following lifeguard duty for the B-29 strikes on Singapore they returned to Fremantle 15 February.
Hardheads fourth war patrol included a special mine-laying mission. They sailed 20 March 1945 and laid mines off French Indochina during the night of 2 April. The submarine then entered the Gulf of Siam, where after several attacks they sank cargo ship Araosan Maru 6 April. Following a visit to Subic Bay to reload 11 April – 15 April they patrolled the South China Sea, but found few contacts. American submarines had by this time reduced Japanese merchant activity to a trickle, effectively destroying the island nation's lifeline to the outside world. Hardhead returned to Fremantle 16 May.
Fifth and sixth war patrols, June – August 1945
Sailing from Fremantle 18 June, Hardhead began their fifth war patrol, to be conducted in the Java Sea. They severely damaged a freighter with their deck guns 22 June, and next day sank four coastal defense craft during an attack on Ambat Roads with including submarine chasers Cha-42 () and Cha-113 (ex-Dutch minesweeper A) () and shuttle boat No. 8333 southeast of the Masalembu Islands. The illness of their commanding officer forced Hardhead to end their fifth patrol 17 July at Onslow, Australia.
The submarine departed Onslow on their sixth and last patrol 18 July, and headed back into the Java Sea. On 23 July 1943, they torpedoed and sank the submarine chaser Cha-117 (ex-Dutch Bantam) off the northeast coast of Bali (). They forced a merchant ship to beach 27 July but found few targets and returned to Subic Bay 10 August. Soon afterward the Pacific war ended. Hardhead sailed 31 August and arrived at San Francisco via Pearl Harbor 22 September 1945. They decommissioned 10 May 1946 and entered the Pacific Reserve Fleet at Mare Island.
Post-war service, 1952–1972
Hardhead was placed in commission in reserve 6 February 1952 and upon their arrival at New London for conversion was placed out of commission. Following their GUPPY IIA conversion, including streamlining, installation of a snorkel breathing apparatus, and larger storage batteries, the submarine recommissioned 24 March 1953. They joined the Atlantic Fleet for training exercises and tactical drills in the years that followed, operating mainly in the Caribbean and off the East Coast of the United States. They sailed for the Mediterranean 7 September 1956 to strengthen the 6th Fleet during the Suez Crisis.
In July 1958 Hardhead, joined Submarine Development Group 2, turning their attention from fleet operations to research and testing of equipment and tactical doctrine. They operated off the East Coast and in the north Atlantic, and by 1961 had won four consecutive "E" awards for their performance. Hardhead continued through 1972 to perform this vital work in maintaining the technical superiority and readiness of the fleet.
In 1962, Hardhead participated in the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Greek service
Hardhead was decommissioned, struck from the Naval Register, and transferred (sold) under the terms of the Security Assistance Program to Greece. On 26 July 1972 raised the Greek flag at New London (Connecticut) and sailed to Greece on 29 December 1972. They were commissioned into the Hellenic Navy as Papanikolis (S-114). They were struck from the Greek Naval rolls on 4 May 1993.
References
External links
fleetsubmarine.com: USS Hardhead
Balao-class submarines
Ships built in Superior, Wisconsin
1943 ships
World War II submarines of the United States
Cold War submarines of the United States
Balao-class submarines of the Hellenic Navy
The Taylors Creek Trail is a shared use path for cyclists and pedestrians, which follows Taylors Creek in the outer north-west suburb of Taylors Lakes in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Combined with the Maribyrnong River Trail this trail makes for a good trip into the Melbourne city centre.
Following the Path
The path starts about 300m south of Melton Highway and Kings Road intersection adjacent to Watergardens Shopping Centre, not far from Watergardens (a.k.a. Sydenham) station. Following the path is straightforward. When heading east from Watergardens Shopping Centre, change from the south side of the creek to the north side of the creek at Sunshine Avenue. Stay on the north side thereafter.
Enjoy the remnant vegetation to be found along the creek bank and follow the instructions below to arrive at the Maribyrnong River Trail.
In 2010 the trail was extended from Burrowye Crescent deep into the Taylors Creek valley. The trail along the valley is very rough but contains a great display of remnant vegetation including native grasses. Riders can exit the valley via an extremely steep dirt track on the east side of the creek leading up to Green Gully Road and Brimbank Park. This route should only be considered during dry conditions.
Connections
Dead end in the west at Kings Road. Dead end in the east at Burrowye Crescent - i.e. excluding the valley floor route.
A 3 km road section connects with the Maribyrnong River Trail towards the south east. At the east end of the Taylors Creek trail at Burrowye Crescent turn left. Follow Burrowye for approx 1/2 a kilometre until you reach the Old Calder Highway, turn to the right south east towards the city. Using the service road on Old Calder Highway's south side, head south east towards Green Gully Road. Remain on the Old Calder Hwy going down the hill past the Library on you RH side and the Village shopping centre on your left. Past the local Keilor Park on your right and the old historic Keilor Pub on your left, ride on another 100 or so metres. You have two choices at this point?
Option one - Ride on till you reach Bonfield Street then turn right and go up the hill. Be sure to check out the historical marker at the top of the hill. Turn left into Horseshoe Bend Road, then turn right into Garden Avenue and into the rear of Brimbank Park and onto the unsealed trail through to the Maribyrnong River Trail.
Option two - Continue to follow the Old Calder Hwy over the traffic bridge then slip inside the fence and onto the bike and walking trail that proceeds around the northern edge of Brimbank Park. Then follow the various signs that will guide you to several bike trails including Maribyrnong River Trail.
West end at .
East end at .
References
Bike paths in Melbourne
Carenum interiore is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1888.
References
interiore
Beetles described in 1888
Journey into Fear may refer to:
Journey into Fear (novel), a 1940 British spy novel by Eric Ambler
Journey into Fear (1943 film), a 1943 American film based on the novel
Journey into Fear (1975 film), a 1975 Canadian film based on the novel
Journey Into Fear, a 1966 television show based on the novel. It only aired 1 episode.
Kalah is an under construction metro station on the Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line located in Wanhua, Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2025.
Station overview
The station will be a three-level, underground station with an island platform. The design theme of the station will be based on "Colorful MRT Rhythm - Fruit and Vegetable Rhapsody" which originates from the observation findings of the natural and cultural uniqueness of the station.
Station layout
Around the station
Taipei Municipal Wanda Elementary School
Taipei Municipal Dongyuan Elementary School
Taipei First Fruit & Vegetable Wholesale Market
References
Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line stations
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
Hohne may refer to one of the following:
Hohne, a municipality in Germany
Bergen-Hohne, a military training ground and garrison
See also
Hohn (disambiguation)
Höhne (disambiguation)
The South African Railways Class 3A 4-8-2 of 1910 was a steam locomotive from the pre-Union era in the Colony of Natal.
Early in 1910, the Natal Government Railways commissioned a single American-built Mountain type locomotive, also known as the America D. It was the first superheated locomotive to be acquired by the Railways in Natal and also the first with a bar frame. In 1912, when it was assimilated into the South African Railways, it was renumbered and designated .
Manufacturer
As a result of a visit to the United States of America by Natal Government Railways (NGR) Locomotive Superintendent D.A. Hendrie in 1909 to study Mallet type locomotives and also American locomotive design in general, the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) supplied the NGR with two experimental locomotives. These engines represented a radical departure from previous NGR locomotive designs.
One of them was the first Mallet type locomotive in South Africa, later to be designated on the South African Railways (SAR).
The other was a Mountain type locomotive which was placed in service early in 1910. It was of very similar general proportions to the NGR Class B of 1909, also known as the Hendrie D. While the ALCO locomotive was also designated Class B, it was commonly known as the America D on the NGR and nicknamed Maud Allan by the enginemen after the Canadian-born dancer.
Characteristics
Like the Class B Hendrie D, the ALCO locomotive also used Walschaerts valve gear, but it had a bar frame, larger diameter pistons, lower boiler pressure, superheating, an American type cab and some other features which were typical of American design, such as high running boards. It was the first superheated locomotive to be acquired by the NGR and also the first with a bar frame.
Superheating
At the time, the advantages to be gained by superheating were gradually becoming apparent as the most practical means of improving engine power and efficiency. Superheating was considered the greatest step forward regarding improved performance and efficiency in steam locomotives. The claims that superheating could effect a saving of from 10% to 20% in fuel and from 15% to 25% in water were not unfounded and were even improved upon in later years. Experience with the Class B America D proved, when compared with the saturated steam Class B Hendrie D, that it was more economical in fuel and water consumption.
The locomotive's superheater was of the Cole type, which was somewhat similar to the Schmidt system, except that the Cole type had two headers arranged at either side of the smokebox instead of one at the top. Each of the fifteen diameter boiler flues contained four lengths of seamless steam pipes of outside diameter, arranged in double pairs which were connected at the back ends by return bends and with the two pairs connected to each other at the front by another return bend. This forced the steam to traverse the entire four pipe lengths before entering the steam chests. The two free front ends of each such foursome of pipes is bent around to meet the steam headers. This design of superheater produced a superheat of from above saturation temperature.
The passage of gases through the large flues and around the superheating pipes was controlled by a damper, which was automatically operated by a steam cylinder connected directly to the steam chest. When the throttle was opened, the pressure in the steam chest would open the damper, which would be closed again by a counterweight when steam was shut off. Superheater dampers were used for many years until it was determined that damping was unnecessary, since the life of the superheating elements was not increased appreciably by their use. On the SAR, the use of superheater dampers was discontinued c. 1924.
Factor of adhesion
The locomotive had larger diameter cylinders than the Class B Hendrie D, but its adhesive weight was less. The result was that its factor of adhesion was found to be on the low side for the service for which it was required. The locomotive was prone to slipping when the rails were wet, which often happened in Natal when the weather was misty.
Service
The locomotive joined the Class B Hendrie D locomotives, working between Estcourt and Charlestown on the Transvaal border.
When the Union of South Africa was established on 31 May 1910, the three Colonial government railways (Cape Government Railways, NGR and Central South African Railways) were united under a single administration to control and administer the railways, ports and harbours of the Union. Although the South African Railways and Harbours came into existence in 1910, the actual classification and renumbering of all the rolling stock of the three constituent railways were only implemented with effect from 1 January 1912.
In 1912, the locomotive was renumbered 1476 and designated the sole member of on the SAR. It was withdrawn from service in 1935.
References
1240
1240
4-8-2 locomotives
2D1 locomotives
ALCO locomotives
Cape gauge railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1910
1910 in South Africa
Scrapped locomotives
Omdurman () was a communist publication issued from Cairo 1945-1946, directed towards Sudanese community in Egypt. The group of Sudanese communists that worked around the journal would later return to Sudan and build the Sudanese Communist Party.
In 1944 Henri Curiel recruited a small group of Sudanese students in Cairo to their Egyptian Movement for National Liberation (HAMTU), and Omdurman became the organ of this group. The first issue was published on 15 March 1945. At the time Omdurman was one of two legal publications linked to HAMTU. Issues of Omdurman included editorial column, news coverage, political commentaries, articles on science, poetry, cultural and music reviews and specific sections for students and women. The Omdurman faction consisted of some 25-30 individuals. Muhammad Amin Husayn al-Muhami was the owner of the periodical, whilst Abdu Dhahab Hasanayn was its editor.
Omdurman became popular among Sudanese in Cairo. It was read by hundreds of Sudanese students, who otherwise were generally unable to obtain sufficient news coverage from their home country. Whilst mainstream Egyptian parties supported the notion of Egyptian-Sudanese union, HAMTU supported the right of self-determination of Sudan and that Egyptian and Sudanese peoples should fight together against British imperialism. As of 1946 Omdurman argued that 'those here, in Egypt, that call for unity without talking about self-determination are not less dangerous than those, in Sudan, that call for separation.' Omdurman focused heavily on questions on Sudanese social, economic, political and cultural issues. It talked about the conditions of Sudanese students in Egypt. The publication had significant impact on the first generation of leaders of the Sudanese communist movement.
Abdel Khaliq Mahjub, Abdu Dhabab Hasnayan and Shafeah Ahmed travelled to Khartoum, to build the communist movement there. The Omdurman group met with a small Khartoum-based faction of communists, that had been organized by a British soldier named Herbert Storey (member of the Communist Party of Great Britain), and on 10 August 1945 the two factions agreed to build the Sudanese Movement for National Liberation as a united organization (by 1946 the Sudanese Movement for National Liberation - which later became the Sudanese Communist Party - had been established).
The last issue of Omdurman was published on 1 July 1946. Omdurman was shut down on 12 July 1946, as part of a crackdown by the Ismail Sidky government against leftist movements and publications.
References
Magazines established in 1945
Magazines disestablished in 1946
Magazines published in Cairo
Arabic-language magazines
Defunct political magazines published in Egypt
Communist magazines
1945 establishments in Egypt
1946 disestablishments in Egypt
Banned magazines
Censorship in Egypt
GPZ may refer to:
Gladys Porter Zoo, in Brownsville, Texas
Grand Rapids–Itasca County Airport, in Minnesota
Kawasaki GPZ series, a series of motorcycle
Google Project Zero, a team of Google security analysts tasked with finding zero-day vulnerabilities
Manabu Murakami (shinjitai 村上 学, kyūjitai 村上 學, Murakami Manabu; born 1936) is a Japanese scholar specializing in medieval Japanese literature.
Publications
Works cited
1936 births
Living people
John Henry Camp (April 4, 1840 – October 12, 1892) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Born in Ithaca, New York, Camp attended the common schools, and was graduated from the Albany Law School in 1860.
They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Lyons, New York.
They served as clerk of the surrogate court in 1863.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Wayne County in 1867–1870.
Camp was elected as a Republican to the Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Congresses (March 4, 1877 – March 3, 1883).
They were not a candidate for reelection in 1882.
They resumed the practice of law in Lyons, New York, where they died October 12, 1892.
They were interred in Grove Cemetery, Trumansburg, New York.
References
1840 births
1892 deaths
Albany Law School alumni
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Politicians from Ithaca, New York
People from Lyons, New York
19th-century American politicians
Salcia is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Băneasa, Salcia and Tudor Vladimirescu.
Famous residents include writer Zaharia Stancu (1902 – 1974).
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Ronald Alejandro Ramírez MacKay (born 14 January 1975) better known as Ronald MacKay or simply MacKay is a Guatemalan YouTuber and voice actor.
References
External links
Living people
1975 births
Gaming YouTubers
Male YouTubers
Guatemalan YouTubers
Spanish-language YouTubers
Twitch (service) streamers
YouTube channels launched in 2012
YouTube vloggers
Video bloggers
Teale Orban is a former Canadian football quarterback for the University of Regina Rams. They were selected in the sixth round of the 2008 CFL Draft by the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
Personal life
Teale Orban is the son of Rick Orban, a principal for the Regina School Board, and older brother of Taylor Orban who is a first-year linebacker for the Rams.
References
External links
Saskatchewan Roughriders bio
University of Regina Athletics bio
Balfour Collegiate bio
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Regina Rams players
Players of Canadian football from Saskatchewan
Sportspeople from Regina, Saskatchewan
1986 births
Living people
Donggala Regency is a regency in the Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It lies between 0° 30" north and 2°20" south latitude, and between 119° 45°" and 121° 45" east longitude, and covers a land area of 5,275.69 km2. It had a population of 277,236 at the 2010 Census and 300,436 at the 2020 Census; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 302,965. The administrative capital of Donggala Regency is the town of Banawa, located a 30-minute drive (34 km) northwest from the city of Palu, the capital of the province.
History
Before the Dutch assumed administration in 1904 under Governor-General J. B. van Heutsz, the Central Sulawesi area was the home of eight small kingdoms (kerajaan): Palu, Sigi Dolo, Kulawi, Biromaru, Banawa, Tawaili, Parigi, and Moutong.
In September 2018, Donggala and Palu City suffered heavy casualties due to a tsunami.
Administrative Districts
The Dongala Regency is divided at 2010 into sixteen districts (kecamatan). These are physically divided into two sections, lying to the west and to the east of the Palu River Valley respectively, and separated from each other by Palu city and the Sigi Regency. The first (southern) section comprises five districts, of which the northern Banawa and Banawa Tengah (together known as Donggala town) were the areas grievously inundated by the 2018 earthquake and tsunami. The second (northern) section comprises eleven districts, stretching south to north along the west coast of Sulawesi's northern peninsula. The districts comprise 167 administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan).
These districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census, together with the official estimates of population as at mid 2021. The table also includes the number of administrative villages in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) including 2 offshore islands. (b) including 2 offshore islands. (c) including 17 offshore islands. (d) including 3 offshore islands. (e) including 6 offshore islands.
2013
Most of the districts of Donggala Regency, together with Palu city and some of the districts of Sigi Regency, were covered in the Rencana Pembangunan Jangka Panjang (Long-Term Development Plan) as of 2013. In all, the area of the Plan covered twenty-one districts.
Tourist attractions
Tanjung Karang Beach, Donggala, Labuan Bajo, Banawa
Pusentasi (pusat Laut), Towale
Boneoge Beach, Banawa
Anjungan Gonenggati, Banawa
Kabonga Beach, Banawa
Art & Culture, Home Industry, Sarong Donggala, Salubomba village, Limboro,Watusampu, Kola-Kola, Ganti, Kabonga, Loli, Wani
Gonenggati Mangrove Forest, Kabonga Besar, Banawa
Enu Beach, Enu
Bambarano Beach
Kalukku Beach, Limboro
Hayalan Beach, Salubomba
Lembasada Beach, Lembasada
Surumana Beach, Surumana
Tosale Beach, Tosale
Batusuya Beach, Batusuya
Salur Beach, Sioyong, Sabang
Taipa Beach, Taipa
Parimpi Indah Beach, Lende, Sirenja
Saget Beach and LendeNtovea, Sojol Utara
Majang Beach, Long Village, Damsol
Sivalenta Beach Sirenja
Salumbone Beach, Salumbone
Labuana Beach, Lende Ntovea, Sirenja
Lake Talaga
Lake Dampelas
Rano Lake
Lino Lake, Lino
Talaga Lake, Dampelas
Kaledo (soup)
Bambahano, Sabang
Pasoso Island, Balaesang
Maputi Island, Pangalaseang
Taring Island, Lenju, Sojol Utara
Loli Tasiburi Waterfall
Powelua Waterfall, Banawa Tengah
Walandanu Waterfall, Balaesang
Bou Waterfall, Bou, Damsol
Nupabomba Waterfall, Nupabomba
Bale Waterfall, Bale, Tanantovea
Ogoamas Waterfall, Sojol Utara
Hotspring, Tambu Village
Camping Ground Nupabomba, Nupabomba
Pemandian Loli Indah, Loli Oge, Banawa
Nature Reserve Sojol Mountain, Sojol
References
Regencies of Central Sulawesi
Bob Loubser (6 August 1884 – 7 December 1962) was a South African international rugby union player who played as a wing.
They played in 7 tests for South Africa from 1903 - 1910 scoring 3 tries. They also scored a record 22 tries during the Springbok's 1906-tour to the British Isles.
References
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
People from the City of Cape Town
1884 births
1962 deaths
Rugby union wings
Western Province (rugby union) players
Tuzapán (Tuxpan) was founded by the Native Americans of Papantla, Veracruz.
Populated places in Veracruz
Totonac
Călmățuiu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Bujoru, Caravaneți, Călmățuiu and Nicolae Bălcescu. The river Călmățui passes through the commune.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Sunnyside Plantation was a former cotton plantation and is a historic site, located near Lake Village in Chicot County, Arkansas, in the Arkansas Delta region.
Built as a cotton plantation in the Antebellum South, it was farmed using the forced labor of enslaved African Americans. After the American Civil War in1865, freedmen farmed it. From the 1890s to the 1910s, the plantation used convict laborers and employed immigrants from Northern Italy, many of whom were subject to peonage. They were later replaced by Black sharecroppers. The plantation was closed down and it was broken up in the 1940s. Nowadays, only a historical marker reminds Lake Village residents and visitors of its history.
History
The land belonged to Native Americans, followed by the French, until Emperor Napoleon sold it to the United States as a result of the Louisiana Purchase in 1803. By 1819, the Arkansas Territory was established. A year later, in 1820, slavery became the law of the land as a result of the Missouri Compromise.
Early years of Sunnyside Plantation
The land near modern-day Lake Village in Chicot County, Arkansas was acquired in the 1820s and 1830s by Abner Johnson, a planter from Kentucky. Johnson served as the Sheriff of Chicot County from 1830 to 1834. Their plantation spanned 2,200 acres, with 42 African American slaves working in the cotton fields. By 1836, the Arkansas Territory had become a state of the United States of America.
In 1840, the plantation was acquired by Elisha Worthington for US$60,000. Worthington also agreed to give 250 bales of cotton to Johnson annually for the next ten years. Alongside the land and several buildings, Worthington purchased 42 of Johnson's slaves in the transaction. They built a dock on the Mississippi River to facilitate the transportation of cotton.
During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, the plantation was badly damaged by Union Army forces. Worthington moved their slaves and livestock to Texas from 1862 to 1865, and let their two mulatto children, including their son James W. Mason, take care of the land. On June 5, 1864, Union forces invaded the plantation to disrupt landings on the Mississippi River by the Confederate States Army. Meanwhile, on June 5–6, the Battle of Old River Lake, also known as the Battle of Ditch Bayou, took place not far from the plantation. By 1865, it had been declared "abandoned land" by the Freedmen's Bureau. Even though Worthington was pardoned by President Andrew Johnson, they decided to sell their plantation, partly due to the loss of their workforce, the dwindling price of cotton, and their worsening health.
Reconstruction
In 1866, Worthington sold the plantation to Robert P. Pepper of Kentucky. Two years later, in 1868, it was acquired by Major William Starling of the William Starling Company, through inheritance.
In 1881, the plantation was acquired by John C. Calhoun II, the grandson of John C. Calhoun, and their brother, Patrick Calhoun. The brothers were seen as prominent financiers and builders of the "New South". Together, they founded the Calhoun Land Company, and attempted to bring former slaves back to their old plantations. John C. Calhoun II testified before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor in September 1883, explaining that their goal was to empower freedmen to save and become self-sufficient tenants. The testimony was so well-received that it was published by civil rights leader Timothy Thomas Fortune in their 1884 Black and White: Land, Labor, and Politics. In reality, while some freedmen managed to become tenants, other were sharecroppers, or even wage laborers.
By the mid-1880s, the Calhoun brothers decided to sell the plantation, partly because of the flood of 1882.
Labor
Convict laborers and Italian immigrant laborers
By 1886, it was acquired by the New York banker Austin Corbin as repayment of debt incurred by Calhoun. Corbin built a mansion, called Corbin House, and moored their boat, Austin Corbin, on Lake Chicot. They added a railroad from the cotton fields to the cotton gin to save time and boost production. They also established a telephone line to Greenville, Mississippi, the county seat of nearby Washington County, Mississippi, home to the cotton industry. However, most freedmen refused to work for Corbin, because they were not a Southerner but a carpetbagger.
In 1894, Corbin entered into an agreement with the state of Arkansas to use convict laborers. They were given 250 convicts, who picked cotton on the plantation. The profits were split between Corbin and the state. With the help of Emanuele Ruspoli, 1st Prince of Poggio Suasa, who served as the Mayor of Rome from 1892 to 1899, Corbin brought Italian immigrants led by Pietro Bandini to work on the plantation. The immigrants came from Marche, Emilia and Veneto, setting sail from Genoa and arriving in New Orleans, Louisiana. They lived in a house on their own twelve-and-a-half acre lots of cotton, which they were obligated to pay back over the next twenty years, with an annual rate of five percent. Each immigrant picked the cotton on their own lot, which Corbin agreed to purchase. When Corbin died in 1896, many Italians stayed on the plantation. Moreover, Prince Ruspoli visited the plantation in 1896.
In December 1898, Corbin's heirs leased the plantation to Hamilton R. Hawkins, Orlando B. Crittenden, Morris Rosenstock, and Leroy Percy. Percy, a prominent planter from Greenville, Mississippi, suggested that European peasants were more industrious than Blacks. However, the business people were accused of "peonage." In 1907, after hearing many complaints from immigrants, Edmondo Mayor des Planches, the Italian ambassador to the United States, visited the plantation. As they explained in their 1913 report, Attraverso gli Stati Uniti per L'Emigrazione Italiana, they were unimpressed by Percy's rosy rewriting of reality.
Shortly afterward, Mary Grace Quackenbos, an attorney with the US Department of Justice, visited the plantation to look into repeated reports of peonage. In their report, they agreed that it was practised and added that only prosecution could put an end to it. Not surprisingly, Percy disagreed with them and suggested that the Italian immigrants could save a lot of money from their labor. Albert Bushnell Hart, a professor of history at Harvard University, agreed with Percy. Congressman Benjamin G. Humphreys II agreed with them and argued that immigrants could pay off their debts by selling their cotton. limited economic opportunities in Northern Italy caused not much to be done to support Quackenbos's views. Prosecution was stopped in its tracks, possibly because of Percy's friendship with US President Theodore Roosevelt with whom they had hunted bears on their Smedes Plantation, in Mississippi. Over the years, many of the Italian workers moved to St. James, Missouri, Irondale, Alabama and Tontitown, Arkansas. Others moved to Birmingham, Alabama, where they worked in coal and iron mines.
Sweet Hope (Guernica Editions, 2011), a historical novel by Mary Bucci Bush, tells the story of Italian immigrants working on a Mississippi Delta cotton plantation in the early 1900s. It is based on the experiences of Bush's grandmother, who worked on the Sunnyside Plantation as a child.
Sharecroppers and dissolve
By the 1910s, the Italian laborers were replaced by Black sharecroppers. In 1920, the plantation was acquired by W.H. and J.C. Baird. Four years later, it was acquired by the Kansas City Life Insurance Company at an auction. In 1935, they leased it to the Arkansas Rural Rehabilitation Corporation. The plantation was visited by the Federal Writers' Project in the late 1930s.
The plantation was finally broken up, as tracts of land were sold to individual buyers from 1941 to 1945, in the midst of World War II. Nowadays, only a historical marker reminds residents and visitors of its lost history.
References
Plantations in Arkansas
Buildings and structures in Chicot County, Arkansas
Calhoun family
Penal labor in the United States
Italian-American culture in Arkansas
Italian diaspora in North America
Cotton plantations in the United States
Lake Village, Arkansas
Warren Ballpark is a baseball stadium located in Bisbee, Arizona. The ballpark was recently home to the Tucson Saguaros of the Pecos League and the Bisbee-Douglas Copper Kings of the independent Arizona–Mexico League The Stadium was built in 1909 by the Calumet and Arizona Mining Company (which later merged with Phelps Dodge) as a recreation for the miners and their families, pre-dating the construction of Chicago's Wrigley Field by nearly five years. It is currently the home of Bisbee Killer Termites and Bisbee High School Pumas baseball and football teams.
The ballpark spans approximately forty acres, and is surrounded by an tall wooden security fence. It is divided into two sections: a baseball field on the East side, and a football stadium on the West. The baseball field features a shaded cast-in-place concrete grandstand situated at the Northeast corner. This canopy-covered structure, built in 1909, is still in its original condition, and is listed as a state historic building. Despite ongoing maintenance by the City of Bisbee and the Bisbee Unified School districts, it will most likely need structural renovation at some point in the future. Underneath the grandstand are housed the concrete dugouts, locker rooms, showers and manager's offices. The football field is oriented North to South and consists of a gridiron with modern steel bleachers along both sides of its length. These bleachers have at times in the past been pushed back to expand the baseball outfield.
Warren Ballpark holds a place in American labor history as the location where 1,300 striking, kidnapped miners were held during the Bisbee Deportation in 1917.
Gallery
References
Gabby Giffords, Recognizing Bisbee's Warren Park – (Extensions of Remarks – July 16, 2009), Congressional Record, 111th Congress (2009–2010)
External links
Friends of Warren Ballpark
Photos and description of Warren Ballpark by digitalballparks.com
Baseball venues in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Cochise County, Arizona
Sports venues in Arizona
Tourist attractions in Cochise County, Arizona
1909 establishments in Arizona Territory
Bisbee, Arizona
Event venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Cochise County, Arizona
Sports venues on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Sports venues completed in 1909
Santa Bárbara is a district (number 2) and neighborhood of Toledo, Spain.
Through the Cuesta de San Servando, the urbanised area is connected to the historic centre (at the opposite bank of the Tagus) as well as to the Castle of San Servando, the Toledo Infantry Academy and the Provincial Hospital of Toledo, which are all located within the district limits. It has its own football turf, located in the east of the urbanised area. As of 1 January 2018, the district has a population of 7,888 inhabitants (the district consists solely of the namesake neighborhood).
References
Toledo, Spain
Lisa is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Lisa and Vânători.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Miami Philharmonic Orchestra was an American symphony orchestra based in Miami, Florida. The orchestra began as the University of Miami Symphony Orchestra, and was also known as the Greater Miami Philharmonic Orchestra.
Fabien Sevitzky was the first music director of the orchestra, after their 1959 move to Miami and through their sudden death in 1967. Alain Lombard was the orchestra's next music director, from 1967 to 1975. Lombard left the orchestra after disputes with the philanthropist Maurice Gusman, who had been instrumental in establishing Lombard's initial career with the orchestra.
The orchestra later changed its name to the Florida Philharmonic Orchestra (not to be confused with a later orchestra founded in 1985 sharing the same name.) The orchestra folded in 1982 following extensive labor disputes.
References
Disbanded American orchestras
Culture of Miami
Musical groups established in 1956
Musical groups disestablished in 1982
Orchestras based in Florida
1956 establishments in Florida
1982 disestablishments in Florida
Chernyakovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.
Geography
Chernyakovo is located 24 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Cherepanikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
"Inertia" is a science fiction short story written by Nancy Kress. It was first published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact, in January 1990, and was subsequently republished in The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighth Annual Collection (1991), in Best New SF 5 (1991), in The Aliens of Earth (1993), in A Woman's Liberation: A Choice of Futures by and About Women (2001), and in Wastelands: Stories of the Apocalypse (2008). It describes life in a "disease colony"; Kress has stated that the story was inspired directly by cultural reactions to the AIDS pandemic, and that it is "less about disease than about love."
Synopsis
An incurable and highly contagious disease causes disfiguring "skin rope" tumors and flattened affect; consequently, all its sufferers are stripped of their rights and forced into sealed quarantine camps. Sixty years later, Dr McHabe visits a camp and reveals to the detainees that they have an illegal cure for the disease's physical symptoms — and that its psychiatric symptoms have kept the camps from descending into violent anarchy like the rest of the world.
Reception
At SF Signal, John Nardo considered "Inertia" to be "everything short fiction could and should be: thought-provoking, based on a cool sf-nal idea and wholly entertaining," declaring it to be "simultaneously grim and deep and wonderful", and awarding it five stars out of five.
In the New York Review of Science Fiction, Leonard Rysdyk stated that Inertia was "as well-written as any “literary” mood piece from the New Yorker or the Saturday Evening Post", emphasizing that it was "rich in detail and character" and that its basic idea was "engrossing"; however, they also cited its ambiguity, the "logical problems" with the execution of the quarantine, and their dissatisfaction with its overall theme, concluding that it is "less than the sum of its parts."
References
Science fiction short stories
Works by Nancy Kress
Hard-Boiled Haggerty (aka Hard Boiled Haggerty) is a 1927 American silent war film directed by Charles Brabin. The film stars Milton Sills and Molly O'Day, taking on two roles as both the character Germaine and their look-alike sister. Hard-Boiled Haggerty was one of the first American films to portray aerial combat in World War I.
Plot
After bringing down yet another German pilot and escaping uninjured from their burning aircraft, Haggerty (Milton Sills) and their buddy, aircraft machinist Klaxon (Arthur Stone), head for Paris, albeit without an official leave of absence. In escaping from M.P.'s, Haggerty takes refuge in a room occupied by Germaine Benoit (Molly O'Day). Love soon springs up, and Haggerty decides to reform, returning to Major Cotton (Mitchell Lewis) with this resolution.  They are unprepared, however, to be awarded a medal for their actions as a fighter pilot.
Major Cotton, when introduced to Germaine at the officers' ball, recognizes them as "Go-Go" (Molly O'Day), a notorious cabaret dancer, and tries to tell Haggerty who they really are. Haggerty angrily knocks them down, and they are both arrested. At the trial, the major tells their story and Germaine confesses. After the Armistice, it develops that Go-Go is actually Germaine's sister, and that Germaine was trying to protect them The two lovers Germaine and Haggerty are finally reunited.
Cast
Milton Sills as Hard-Boiled Haggerty
Molly O'Day as Germaine Benoit / "Go-Go" Benoit
Mitchell Lewis as Major Cotton
Arthur Stone as Klaxon, the mechanic
George Fawcett as Brigadier-General
Yola d'Avril as Cafe dancer
Production
Hard-Boiled Haggerty was based on a story by former World War I pilot Elliot White Springs, but was more of a romantic comedy than an aviation film. Nevertheless, a number of aircraft were used in the production: Travel Air 4000, Travel Air 4000, Fokker D.VII and Thomas Morse S-4C.
Reception
Aviation film historian James Farmer considered Hard-Boiled Haggerty, although one of the first films to depict the aerial conflicts of World War I, as light weight fare. Aviation film historian Stephen Pendo noted that more action took place on the ground than in the air.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Farmer, James H. Celluloid Wings: The Impact of Movies on Aviation. Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania: Tab Books Inc., 1984. .
Orriss, Bruce W. When Hollywood Ruled the Skies: The Aviation Film Classics of World War I. Los Angeles: Aero Associates, 2013. .
Paris, Michael. From the Wright Brothers to Top Gun: Aviation, Nationalism, and Popular Cinema. Manchester, UK: Manchester University Press, 1995. .
Pendo, Stephen. Aviation in the Cinema. Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press, 1985. .
External links
1927 films
1927 war films
World War I aviation films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American war films
First National Pictures films
Films directed by Charles Brabin
Silent war films
1920s American films
The Top Rank Basketball Showcase (commonly referred to as "TRS" or "The Top Rank Showcase") is an organization that hosts a series of National Collegiate Athletic Association exposure events for elite men's and women's high school basketball players throughout the United States and Canada. The Top Rank Basketball Showcase was established on May 1, 2016 by Founder and current CEO Ashton West.
The organization was formed to provide a platform for high school basketball players to attain exposure through a competitive basketball experience. Providing athletes the opportunity to play in front of college coaches and national media outlets against the best competition available in those regions.
References
Basketball organizations
Zeuktophyllum is a succulent plant in the family Aizoaceae.
References
Aizoaceae
Aizoaceae genera
Taxa named by N. E. Brown
Yassine Salah (born 27 March 1998) is a Moroccan professional footballer who most recently played as a winger for Sporting Charleroi.
Playing career
Early years
As a child, Salah lived in Spain with their mother, where they played in the Real Madrid youth academy. When they moved them to Belgium, they joined the Anderlecht youth squad, initially playing with the U11 team. From there, they moved to Mechelen, representing Malinwa at the U16 and U17 levels. After two years, Salah returned to Brussels to join Union SG, where they remained until they were called up to the first team in 2016 by manager Marc Grosjean.
Professional career
Salah signed a two-year contract with Union SG in August 2016. They made their professional debut in the Belgian First Division B during a 3-0 loss against Tubize on 17 December 2016, coming on as a substitute for Nicolas Rajsel in the 86th minute.
On 17 July 2018, Salah signed with Sporting Charleroi. They left the club again at the end of 2018. The club announced that 'Salah stayed for several weeks in Morocco for personal reasons' and 'the young striker never entered the plans of the staff'.
References
External links
Yassine Salah profile at SoccerPunter
Yassine Salah profile at WhoScored
Yassine Salah profile at WorldFootball
Living people
1998 births
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Association football wingers
Belgian First Division B players
R. Charleroi S.C. players
Sint-Truidense V.V. players
Royale Union Saint-Gilloise players
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
People from Al Hoceima
Nanpakal Nerathu Mayakkam () is an upcoming Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery and written by S. Hareesh from a story by Pellissery. It was jointly produced by Mammootty and Pellissery. The film stars Mammootty, Ramya Pandian and Ashokan. Principal photography began on 7 November 2021 in Palani, Tamil Nadu.
Cast
Production
Development
On 7 November 2021, Lijo Jose Pellissery officially announced the film by sharing the title through social media.
Nanpakal Nerathu Mayakkam is the first-time collaboration between Mammootty and Lijo Jose Pellissery. The film is being produced by Mammootty themselves under the newly launched production house, Mammootty Kampany.
Filming
On 7 November 2021, principal photography took place in Palani, Tamil Nadu. Filming was completed on 7 December 2021.
References
External links
Upcoming films
Upcoming Malayalam-language films
Oplontis is an ancient Roman archaeological site located in the town of Torre Annunziata, south of Naples in the Campania region of southern Italy. The excavated site comprises two Roman villas, the best-known of which is Villa A, the so-called Villa Poppaea.
Like the nearby towns of Pompeii and Herculaneum, Oplontis was buried in ash during the volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD. However, the force of the eruption was even stronger than at these cities as not only roofs collapsed, but walls and columns were broken and pieces thrown sideways.
History and excavations
The town of Oplontis probably developed under where Torre Annunziata stands today. Excavations have revealed buildings particularly on the east and west sides of the town, the eastern one in the immediate vicinity of Villa A and the other almost at its boundary with Torre del Greco. It is thought that in antiquity, as elsewhere (e.g. at Herculaneum and Stabiae), luxury residential villas like Villa A lined the coast, whereas most productive (agricultural) villas were located farther inland.
Among the finds in the western zone, the most important is the Roman bath complex on the sea shore at Oncino (the Terme Nunziante) as a public building of Oplontis. R. Liberatore recorded the archaeology in detail and they identified it as belonging to Lucius Nonius Florus whose name is stamped on the edge of a terracotta basin in the baths, decorated with vegetal forms and galloping horses.
Unfortunately, the construction of the modern baths above them caused their destruction. Later two underground water supply or drainage tunnels belonging to the baths were found.
In addition remains of two residential villas were discovered nearby, one owned by Caius Siculius Caius Filius whose seal was found and from which a fine fresco was retrieved, though many other remains in the area were destroyed and stolen.
Excavations of Villa A
The first of the villas, known as Villa A, was discovered in 1593–1600 during the great construction project by Fontana of the Sarno aqueduct to feed the mills at Torre Annunziata, the same aqueduct that was tunnelled through Pompeii where they also found the first remains, but similarly no attempt was made to explore the ruins in Oplontis. This aqueduct still runs through the centre of Villa A. In 1785 the Spanish architect Francesco La Vega explored this area, known as Le Mascatelle, with tunnels and found beautiful objects but soon gave up due to toxic gases.
In 1839–40 excavations in tunnels were restarted by Michele Rusca using La Vega's publications and they discovered for the first time the extent and quality of the building including two peristyles, mosaics and other decorations. They had to stop due to lack of funds.
From 1880 a series of mills and pasta factories were built in Via Fontanelle in the Oplontis area and ancient Roman walls, marble columns, mosaic pavements, and many fragments from a variety of objects were found in their foundation trenches. At the Iennaco pasta factory were found marble basins and lead pipes, two marble statuettes of “exquisite Greek production” one of the goddess Minerva. Many mosaics and frescoes were destroyed. A spring of mineral water erupted during drilling at a depth of 11m and its water was marketed.
In 1934, during construction of a private building in Via Fontanelle more finds came to light. Remains were found of some opus reticulatum and of a probable cryptoporticus. Vincenzo Cuccurullo ordered test trenches to be dug to which brought to light another perimeter wall in opus incertum with light traces of white plaster with traces of a vault.
From this time ever more frequent finds came to light as the town expanded and gradually it became clear that there was an important Roman site on the hill of Le Mascatelle. The "Friends of Oplontis" committee of volunteers was established in 1962 to promote proper excavation.
It was only in 1964 that a full-scale excavation was officially approved. However, even then it was somewhat chaotic and no official records were kept until 1971 when most of the rooms had already been exposed. Valuable information and many frescoes were lost during the period from excavation to final reconstruction. Even after 1971, records were not accurate and omitted details and discoveries that rendered proper reconstruction impossible.
In 1975 the only human skeleton was found at the northern edge of the site, an adult lying on its back 6 m above the floor of the villa who must have been carried by the volcanic flow probably from farther inland.
Today about 60% of the villa has been exposed.
History of Villa A
The oldest part of the building dates from c. 50 BC to which its Second-Style wall paintings belong.
Badly damaged in the AD 62 Pompeii earthquake, parts of the villa were rebuilt with Third-Style frescoes, also as famous as the earlier ones for their quality.
Villa A was probably uninhabited and still in the process of being rebuilt at the time of the AD 79 eruption, as a number of tools were found on the site and statues and columns were stored away from their proper places.
The power of the eruption made roofs and walls collapse, columns to break and be thrown sideways so that on excavation many pieces of walls were difficult to reassemble.
Villa B
A second villa, Villa B, was discovered in 1974, east of Villa A, during the construction of a school and partially excavated until 1991.
In contrast to the sumptuously decorated Villa Poppaea, Villa B is much smaller and lacks the latter's lavish decoration. Villa B is a rustic, two-story structure with many rooms left unplastered and with tamped earth floors. The structure's plan reveals a central courtyard surrounded by a two-story peristyle of Nocera tufa columns. Nevertheless, more than seventy rooms were found on both ground and second-story levels. On the ground floor all four sides of the courtyard have barrel-vaulted rooms in opus incertum and opus reticulatum.
A bronze seal bearing the name of L. Crassius Tertius was found at the site.
It was built at the end of the 2nd c. BC. The complex was part of a wider settlement built before the construction of neighbouring Villa A.
This villa was not deserted at the time of the eruption: the remains of 54 people were recovered in one of the rooms of the villa, perishing in the surge that hit Oplontis. They were split into two groups, one group possessing fine jewellery, silverware, and coins whilst the other group had none.
Recent archaeology has shown that it suffered unique type of destruction because of its proximity to the sea, different from Pompeii or Herculaneum. The volcanic eruption generated a pyroclastic flow that sped down the mountain toward Oplontis. The impact of the flow on the sea surface led to a type of "tsunami" which caused the violent entry and deposition of a water-heavy layer in the barrel-vaulted rooms (similar to the deposit that buried the skeletons on the shore of Herculaneum). The people sheltering at Oplontis died beneath a mixed mass of superheated gas, ash, and water. The impact of the wave probably also caused the collapse of the barrel-vaults.
Some of the rooms seem to have been used for manufacturing, and others were storerooms, while the upper floor contained the living quarters of the house. These circumstances, along with more than 400 amphorae recovered in the excavations, indicate the property was devoted to the production of wine, oil, and agricultural goods. The discovery of a series of weights seems to confirm this; a bronze seal found at the site preserved the name of Lucius Crassius Tertius, apparently its last owner.
The southern part of the upper floor is perhaps the owner's living quarters, as some rooms are decorated with paintings in the Fourth Style, and there is also a rare example of a second style painting from the Republican era.
A rare very ornate strongbox was found in the peristyle, perhaps fallen from the upper floor, containing over 200 coins, jewellery, and a seal ring. It was finely decorated with inlay in silver, copper, and gilded bronze typical of late Hellenistic design, and it had a complex locking system that was still used in the 19th century.
A sophisticated water drainage system was added late in the villa's history. At the north of the site the ground floor rooms were reconfigured and the street repaved.
See also
Archaeological sites in Naples
References
External links
Official website (English-language version)
The Oplontis Project
AD79 Year of Destruction Website
70s disestablishments in the Roman Empire
79 disestablishments
1974 archaeological discoveries
Archaeological sites in Campania
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan City of Naples
Cities and towns in Campania
Coastal towns in Campania
Destroyed cities
Former populated places in Italy
National museums of Italy
Pompeii (ancient city)
Populated places established in the 1st millennium BC
Populated places disestablished in the 1st century
Pre-Roman cities in Italy
Roman sites of Campania
Torre Annunziata
Tourist attractions in Campania
World Heritage Sites in Italy
Poppaea Sabina
Roman towns and cities in Italy
Ruins in Italy
This is a timeline of important Chinese texts including their final primary author and character count when available.
11th century BC
9th century BC
5th century BC
4th century BC
3rd century BC
2nd century BC
1st century BC
2nd century
3rd century
4th century
5th century
6th century
7th century
8th century
9th century
10th century
11th century
12th century
13th century
14th century
15th century
16th century
17th century
18th century
Timelines of Chinese events
Joseph Samuel "Bello" Snyder (February 7, 1912 – May 19, 1998) was an American professional basketball player. They played for the Buffalo Bisons in the National Basketball League during the 1937–38 season and averaged 5.8 points per game.
After basketball, Snyder and their wife owned and operated Camp Eagle Cove in the Adirondack Mountains.
References
1912 births
1998 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New York (state)
Buffalo Bisons (NBL) players
Forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Rochester, New York
Michal Řepík (born 31 December 1988) is a Czech professional ice hockey left winger.  They are currently under contract with HC Sparta Praha of the Czech Extraliga (ELH). Repik was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 2nd round (40th overall) of the 2007 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Prior to their professional career, Repik played major junior in the Western Hockey League (WHL). They spent three seasons with the Vancouver Giants, helping the team to a Presidents' Cup as WHL champions in 2006 and a Memorial Cup as Canadian Hockey League (CHL) champions in 2007. During the Giants' 2007 playoff season, they led the WHL and Memorial Cup tournaments in scoring. Selected 40th overall in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft by the Panthers, Repik turned professional in 2008–09 with the team's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate.
Amateur
After being selected 25th overall by the Vancouver Giants in the 2005 Canadian Hockey League (CHL) Import Draft, Řepík moved from Slovakia to join the team in 2005–06. They scored 24 goals and 52 points over 69 games, ranking fifth among league rookies in scoring. They added 3 goals and 6 points over 14 playoff games, helping the Giants win the Presidents' Cup as WHL champions. Their win qualified them for the 2006 Memorial Cup, where they were eliminated in the semifinal. The following season, Repik scored at a near-point-per-game pace with 55 points over 56 games. During the 2007 WHL playoffs, they scored 26 points over 22 games to lead the league in scoring. The Giants advanced to the WHL Finals, where they were defeated in seven games by the Medicine Hat Tigers. Despite their defeat, they qualified for the 2007 Memorial Cup as they had been chosen to host the tournament at the beginning of the season. Repik continued their scoring pace in the CHL tournament, earning the Ed Chynoweth Trophy as the Memorial Cup's leading scorer. The Giants met the Tigers once more in the Memorial Cup Final and defeated them to win the national title.
In the subsequent 2007 NHL Entry Draft, they were drafted in the 2nd round, 40th overall, by the Florida Panthers. At mid-season, they had been ranked 46th among draft-eligible skaters playing in North America by Central Scouting Services. Upon being drafted, Řepík returned to the WHL for a third and final season with Vancouver and scored a junior career high 61 points. They were limited to just 51 games after suffering a concussion on a hit from Everett Silvertips defenceman Dane Crowley on 1 December 2007 (the injury has affected Řepík's sense of smell up to their rookie season in the AHL). Defending their Memorial Cup title, the Giants were eliminated in the second round of the WHL playoffs by eventual 2008 Memorial Cup champions, the Spokane Chiefs.
Professional
Řepík was assigned by the Panthers to the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL) for their first professional season in 2008–09. Called up from Rochester in December, they scored their first NHL goal in their NHL debut on 8 December 2008, in a 4–3 overtime victory over the Ottawa Senators. They played in 5 games total for the Panthers during the season, tallying 2 goals. With the Americans, they recorded 49 points in 75 games.
In 2009–10, Repik saw increased time with the Panthers, appearing in 19 NHL games with 3 goals and 2 assists during that time. Spending the majority of the season with the Americans, they had 22 goals and 31 assists over 60 games. They struggled to score in the 2010 AHL playoffs, however, recording a goal and an assist over seven games. The following season, Repik was sent back to the AHL out of training camp. After recording 22 points over the first 17 games of the season (tying them for second in league scoring at the time), they were recalled by the Panthers in mid-November 2010. A spot was freed up in the lineup after winger Steve Bernier suffered a fractured orbital bone. They spent the season splitting time between Rochester and Florida once more and finished with 45 points over 53 AHL games and 8 points over 31 NHL games. Their play earned them an invitation to the 2011 AHL All-Star Game, representing PlanetUSA.
After four seasons within the Panthers organization, Řepík left as a free agent and returned to the Czech Republic in signing a multi-year contract with HC Lev Praha of the Kontinental Hockey League on 20 June 2012. They played two seasons with Lev before the club dissolved and signed for a season with Lahti Pelicans in the Finnish Liiga before ending the 2014–15 season with EV Zug of the Swiss National League A.
On 22 April 2015, Řepík signed a two-year contract to return again to the Czech Republic with HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.
On 16 July 2018, Řepík agreed to extend their contract with HC Slovan Bratislava, signing a one-year deal for the 2018–19 season. They contributed offensively with 21 points through 42 games before they were transferred by the out of contention Bratislava to Russian club, HC Vityaz on December 26, 2018.
International play
Řepík competed for the Czech Republic's under-20 team at the 2007 World Junior Championships in Sweden. They failed to register a point in six games as the Czechs were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Sweden. Poised to make a second appearance at the World Junior Championships in 2008 in their home country, Řepík was unable to participate due to a concussion suffered in the month preceding the tournament.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards
Won the President's Cup (WHL champions) with the Vancouver Giants in 2006.
WHL playoff leading scorer in 2007.
Won the Memorial Cup (CHL champions) with the Vancouver Giants in 2007.
Won the Ed Chynoweth Trophy (Memorial Cup leading scorer) in 2007.
Named to the Memorial Cup All-Star Team in 2007.
Named to the AHL All-Star Game in 2011.
References
External links
Michal Řepík's Official WHL profile
1988 births
Living people
HC Bílí Tygři Liberec players
Czech ice hockey left wingers
Florida Panthers draft picks
Florida Panthers players
Lahti Pelicans players
HC Lev Praha players
Memorial Cup winners
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of the Czech Republic
People from Vlašim
Rochester Americans players
San Antonio Rampage players
HC Slovan Bratislava players
HC Sparta Praha players
Traktor Chelyabinsk players
Vancouver Giants players
HC Vityaz players
EV Zug players
Sportspeople from the Central Bohemian Region
Alai Osai () is a 1985 Indian Tamil language film directed by Sirumugai Ravi. The film stars Vijayakanth and Nalini. It was given an A (restricted to adults) certificate by the censor board without any cuts. The film was released on 14 January 1985.
Plot
Cast
Vijayakanth
Nalini
Madhuri
Goundamani
Radha Ravi
Sangili Murugan
Senthil
Idichapuli Selvaraj
Loose Mohan
Gandhimathi
Anuradha
Soundtrack
Soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The lyrics for the songs were written by Ilayabharathi, Gangai Amaren, Muthulingam, Kamakodian and Vairamuthu. The song "Poradada" became an anthem for Dalits, and was reused in two Tamil films directed by Mari Selvaraj: Pariyerum Perumal (2018) and Karnan (2021).
References
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1980 films
1980s Tamil-language films
1985 films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
The 2020–21 FIU Panthers men's basketball team represented Florida International University in the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Panthers, led by third-year head coach Jeremy Ballard, played their home games at Ocean Bank Convocation Center in Miami, Florida as members of the East Division of Conference USA.
Previous season
The Panthers finished the 2019–20 season 19–13, 9–9 in CUSA play to finish in fifth place. They defeated Rice in the first round of the CUSA Tournament and were set to face Charlotte in the quarterfinals before the remainder of the tournament was canceled amid the COVID-19 pandemic.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Conference USA Tournament
|-
Source
References
FIU Panthers men's basketball seasons
FIU Panthers
FIU Panthers men's basketball
FIU Panthers men's basketball
Owls Head is an historic log cabin located on the shore of Newfound Lake in Hebron, New Hampshire. Built in 1927, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grafton County, New Hampshire
References
Log cabins in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Grafton County, New Hampshire
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses in Grafton County, New Hampshire
Hebron, New Hampshire
Bromley is a district of south east London, England, historically a market town in Kent.
Bromley may also refer to:
People
Bromley (surname)
Places
United Kingdom
The London Borough of Bromley, a local government district in London, named after the town of Bromley
Bromley-by-Bow, a district of east London in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets
Great Bromley, a village in Essex
Little Bromley, a village in Essex
Bromley, South Yorkshire, a hamlet in the parish of Wortley
Bromley, West Midlands, a village in the Black Country
Bromley Heath, in Gloucestershire, an outer suburb of Bristol
United States
Bromley, Alabama, an unincorporated community in Baldwin County
Bromley, Kentucky, a town in the US state of Kentucky
Bromley Mountain, a mountain in the US state of Vermont
Bromley, Vermont, the original name of the town of Peru, Vermont.
Other
Bromley, New Zealand, a suburb of Christchurch
Bromley, Zimbabwe, a village in Zimbabwe
Bromley Rock Provincial Park, British Columbia, Canada
Admaston/Bromley, Ontario, Canada
Other uses
Bromley Contingent, a Sex Pistols fan group
Bromley equation, an equation for calculating activity coefficients for electrolytes in aqueous solution
Bromley F.C., the football club from the town of Bromley, England
Bromley, a childhood friend of Prince Derek in The Swan Princess trilogy.
See also
Bramley (disambiguation)
Carenum laterale is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1865.
References
laterale
Beetles described in 1865
Hinduism is a minority religion in Sweden practised by 0.3% of the population or 30,000 people out of a population of 10 million. Hinduism is practised mainly by persons of Indian origin and non-resident Indians together. A majority of them are Tamils, Punjabis, Bengalis, Gujaratis, Telugu's and Kannadigas.
History
Some Indian students who went to Sweden in the 1950s settled down there. Another stream of Indians came from Uganda in the 1970s. Some Indians sought and obtained political asylum after 1984. The Indian community is culturally very active. Different associations hold cultural functions and observe national days.
There were also Tamil Hindu refugees from Sri Lanka and Hindu refugees from Bangladesh. After Sweden's immigration policy reform in 2008, India has become a leading country of labor supply, mostly of computer specialists.
Demographics
In 2005, there were between 7,000 to 10,000 Hindus. Of the 10,000 Hindus, 2,000 were of Tamil origin and 1,500 were of Bengali origin.
Hinduism is growing but very slowly in Sweden. In the last ten years, Sweden's Hindu population has increased only 1.06 percent annually by migration.
Hindu Organisations in Sweden
Hindu Forum Sweden (HFS) is the major Hindu association in Sweden. HFS is an umbrella organization of Hindu Forum Europe (HFE). In 2018, this organization also celebrates Hindu festival Diwali with Hindus of Sweden, Swedish politicians and representatives of inter-religious groups.
Other associations:
Bengali Hindu Association
Hindu Mandir Stockholm (Stockholm Hindu Temple)
Hindu Union Jönköping
Stockholm Kannada Koota
The International Swaminarayan Satsang Organisation has a temple in Mariestad
International Society for Krishna Consciousness in Sweden
International Society for Krishna Consciousness, the Krishna movement or Hare Krishna has its roots in the Hindu religion.
The Krishna movement in Sweden functions from few places in Sweden.
Korsnäs Gård, in Botkyrka municipal in the Stockholm county , is an establishment on the countryside with a Hare Krishna temple. Korsnäs has as its main function to work with the publishing company BBT (Bhaktivedanta Book Trust) who translates the Hare Krishna books to various languages for the entire world. The original books in English was translated by Srila Prabhupada who started the movement. Srila Prabhupada visited Sweden in 1973.
The Hare Krishna center in Stockholm runs a restaurant, a shop and a small temple.
The Almviks gård in the south of Stockholm County is also a country side establishment with a temple. Originally this was an agricultural cooperative but has later changed into a village project combining agriculture with families living there but working elsewhere.
See also
Hinduism in France
Hinduism in Spain
Notes
External links
Ministry of Overseas Indian Affairs: Sweden
Hindu organisations in Sweden
Hinduism by country
Hinduism in Europe
Religion in Sweden
Verín Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Verín, in the autonomous community of Galicia. Founded in 1971, it plays in Primeira Autonómica, holding home matches at Campo de Fútbol Xosé Argiz, which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
Verín CF is selling an erotic 2013 calendar, available on their Facebook page or via email: (club@verincf.es) to help finance the team.
Season to season
10 seasons in Tercera División
Notable former coaches
Nikola Spasov
External links
Official website
Futbolme.com profile
Verín CF Facebook
Football clubs in Galicia (Spain)
Association football clubs established in 1971
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol clubs
1971 establishments in Spain
The Salle de la rue des Fossés-Saint-Germain-des-Prés was the theatre of the Comédie-Française from 1689 to 1770. It was built to the designs of the French architect François d'Orbay on the site of a former indoor tennis court (jeu de paume), located at 14 rue des Fossés-Saint-Germain-des-Prés, now 14 rue de l'Ancienne Comédie, across from the Café Procope in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.
History
Since 1680 the Comédie-Française had been performing in their first theatre, the Hôtel Guénégaud, but because of its proximity to the newly constructed Collège des Quatre-Nations, the company was asked by the school's leaders to move further away to minimise the bad influence of the actors on the students of the college. By an act of 8 March 1688 the actors purchased the Jeu de Paume de l'Étoile on the rue des Fossés-Saint-Germain-des-Prés. They also acquired two adjacent buildings at 17–19 rue des Mauvais-Garçons (now rue Grégoire-de-Tours).
Unlike for most French theatres of the period, the architect François d'Orbay did not convert the tennis court into a theatre, rather the existing building was demolished and a new building was erected on the site. The total cost of the new theatre was 198,433 livres, about one third of which (62,614 livres) was for the purchase of the land and the existing structures.
The theatre was inaugurated on 18 April 1689. Its design is known from documents found at the Archives Nationales and the archives of the Comédie-Française, and from architectural plans published by Jean Mariette after the originals and reproduced by Jacques-François Blondel in their Architecture françoise of 1752. The plans were also re-engraved and published in 1772 in Diderot's Encyclopédie.
D'Orbay fit the theatre into a constricted site that was an irregular quadrilateral with oblique frontage on the rue des Fossés-Saint-Germain-des-Prés. They fit the stage service areas into the ancillary buildings on the irregular terrain to the south.
The façade of cut stone is shown in an engraving from Blondel's book and in the original plans conserved in the archives of the Comédie-Française. It consisted of 7 bays of 3 storeys and an attic with a mansard roof. On the ground floor, in the outer two bays on each side were four doors opening to the interior. The central three bays, topped with a triangular pediment and flanked with rusticated pilasters, formed a grand avant-corps. A high relief sculpture of the goddess Minerva by Étienne Le Hongre decorated the tympanum (interior of the pediment). Le Hongre's sculpture survives, mounted in a similar location on the façade of the current building and declared a monument historique on 29 March 1928. Below the pediment were the Arms of France sculpted in low relief, and below that, at the level of the main floor, a decorative medallion inscribed with the words "Hotel des Comédiens ordinaires du Roy entretenus par Sa Majesté M.D.C.LXXXVIII [Home of the regular Actors of the King supported by Their Majesty 1688]". An iron balcony ran along the entire facade, and on the ground floor in the outer bays of the avant-corps were two ticket windows.
By 1770 the theatre had become too cramped. The last performance was on 31 March 1770, and the company moved to provisional quarters at the Théâtre des Tuileries.
In popular culture
The theatre is the setting for the first act of Francesco Cilea's opera Adriana Lecouvreur.
Notes
Bibliography
Blondel, Jacques-François (1752). "Description des Bâtiments et du Théâtre de la Comédie Françoise, rue des Fossés St. Germaine des Prés", Volume 2, Book 3, Chapter 4, pp. 14–36, in Architecture françoise. Paris: Charles-Antoine Jombert. Title page at Gallica.
Bonnassies, Jules (1868). Comédie française. Notice historique sur les anciens bâtiments, no 14 de la rue de l'Ancienne-Comédie... et nos 17 et 19 de la rue Grégoire-de-Tours. Paris: Aug. Aubry. Copy at Gallica.
Carlson, Marvin (1998). Voltaire and the Theatre of the Eighteenth Century. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. .
Guibert, Noëlle (1998). "Les Fossés-St-Germain, histoire", pp. 54–57, in Paris et ses théâtres: architecture et décor, edited by Béatrice de Andia. Paris: Action Artistique de la Ville de Paris. .
Loupiac, Claude (1998). "Les Fossés-St-Germain, architecture", pp. 58–59, in Paris et ses théâtres: architecture et décor, edited by Béatrice de Andia. Paris: Action Artistique de la Ville de Paris. .
Registers Project (c. 2015). "Salle de la rue des Fossés-Saint-Germain-des-Près, 1689-1770" (archive copy of 11 April 2016). Paris: Comédie-Française.
Wild, Nicole (2012). Dictionnaire des théâtres parisiens (1807–1914). Lyon: Symétrie. . .
Buildings and structures in the 6th arrondissement of Paris
Theatres completed in 1689
Former theatres in Paris
17th century in Paris
18th century in Paris
Comédie-Française
Yatha Mawkun Alinkar () is a 2018 Burmese drama television series. It aired on MRTV-4, from October 19 to November 20, 2018, on Mondays to Fridays at 20:45 for 23 episodes.
Cast
Aung Yay Chan as Yatha
Shinn Myat as Mawkun
Chue Lay as Alinkar
Hazel Nyi Nyi Htun as Moe Tain Hlwar
Ye Aung as U Kaung Myat
May Thinzar Oo as Daw Htar Htar May
Lu Mone as U Aung Gyi
Zin Myo as Soe Myint
References
Burmese television series
Television series by MRTV-4
Events from the year 1688 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: James II (until 23 December), deposed
Events
Dame Mary Joseph Butler establishes a Benedictine house in Dublin.
November 16 – exiled Irish Catholic widow "Goody" Ann Glover becomes the last person hanged in Boston, Massachusetts, as a witch.
December 7 – start of the siege of Derry. The city gates are locked against the forces of King James II by apprentice boys.
Births
Approximate date – Esther Vanhomrigh, Jonathan Swift's "Vanessa" (d. 1723)
Deaths
March 15 – Peter Valesius Walsh, politician (b. c. 1618)
July 21 – James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde, Anglo-Irish statesman and soldier (b. 1610)
References
1680s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 17th century in Ireland
Steve Kreider (born May 12, 1958) is an American football quarterback and a wide receiver who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Cincinnati Bengals.
History
Kreider was born in Reading, Pennsylvania. They attended Schuylkill Valley High School in Leesport, Pennsylvania, and played high school football for the Schuylkill Valley Panthers. After high school, they attended Lehigh University. In 1977, Kreider was named a Division II All-American. They graduated from Lehigh with a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering in 1978 and was a sixth-round draft pick by the Cincinnati Bengals in 1979.
They were a member of the 1981 AFC championship team, receiving 37 passes and gaining a total of 520 yards and 5 touchdowns for the season. It was the Bengals' first Super Bowl appearance; however, they lost Super Bowl XVI to Joe Montana and the San Francisco 49ers, 26–21. Kreider was released from the Bengals after the 1988 season. During their time in the NFL, they earned a PhD in finance from the University of Cincinnati.
References
</noinclude>
1958 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Reading, Pennsylvania
American football wide receivers
Lehigh Mountain Hawks football players
Cincinnati Bengals players
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
University of Cincinnati alumni
Dixie Days (also known as Uncle Tom and Little Eva) is a 1930 animated short film which was produced by The Van Beuren Corporation and released by Pathe.
The film, which was directed by John Foster and Mannie Davis, is a take on Uncle Tom's Cabin, as it featured African caricatures as slaves, as they defy their owner and free themselves from them. The name of the film means the cartoon took place in the Southern United States, as Dixie is the nickname of the South.
Released on March 9, 1930, the cartoon is also part of the early sound cartoon series entitled Aesop's Sound Fables. However, although the film is part of the series, it is not based on an Aesop fable.
Plot
The film begins on a slave-ship which comically expands and shrinks like an accordion. On the boat, a set of four animals (one with a guitar) sings "Carry Me Back to Old Virginny". Once they arrive, Uncle Tom starts to play a recorder outside their cabin. This makes Popsy (as their uncle calls her) descend onto the cabin. Upon arrival, Uncle Tom asks where their friend, Little Eva, is. Just then, they descend onto the cabin. Uncle Tom plays a song, which both Popsy and Little Eva dance to.
However, the slave-keeper hears this and takes both Uncle Tom and Popsy as slaves, leaving Little Eva in tears. They are both taken to a slave-auction, where they must perform. The first one to perform is Uncle Tom, who falls over at the end of their performance, due to their lack of strength and malnutrition. In response, the keepers blow raspberries at them after the performance.
The second to perform is Popsy, who comically treats the audition block as a xylophone.  They are viewed more favourable than Uncle Tom, but the slave-keepers chant "We want either!". When they are chanting that, a mother and their baby do spot the slave-keepers and comically runs to the mountains.
However, one of the slave-keeper spots them and sends blood hounds in order to catch them. The slave-keeper also tries to catch them via paddleboat. They are both unsuccessful, due to Uncle Tom breaking off their chain on their ball and chain and using it to make the slave-keeper's paddleboat fall off a waterfall. After that, the four animals then sing "Dixie". Until, a chicken appears and crows. They stop singing, and the film ends with the four animals pursuing the chicken.
Characters
In this cartoon, the main characters are Uncle Tom, Popsy, and a set on slave-keepers. There all both influence the outcome in the short film. There are also a set of African caricatures, who are portrayed as slaves.
Reception
Dixie Days received positive reviews from the cinema magazines at that time. The Film Daily said that the cartoon had some "really amusing moments". The Motion Picture News said the same, and said the film was "ideal as relief from a heavy feature".
References
External links
1930 short films
1930s animated short films
1930 animated films
Films about American slavery
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
American animated short films
Pathé films
African-American animated films
African-American comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
1930 comedy-drama films
Animated films about dogs
Films set in the Southern United States
Justice Lake may refer to:
George B. Lake, associate justice of the Nebraska Supreme Court
I. Beverly Lake Jr., chief justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
I. Beverly Lake Sr., associate justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court
Modern Family is an American television mockumentary sitcom created by Christopher Lloyd and Steven Levitan for ABC. The series follows the family lives of Jay Pritchett (Ed O'Neill), their daughter Claire Dunphy (Julie Bowen), and their son Mitchell Pritchett (Jesse Tyler Ferguson), who all live in Los Angeles. Claire and their husband Phil Dunphy (Ty Burrell) have three children; Haley (Sarah Hyland), Alex (Ariel Winter) and Luke (Nolan Gould). Jay has remarried to a much younger Colombian woman, Gloria Delgado-Pritchett (Sofía Vergara), and is helping themselves raise a teenage boy, Manny Delgado (Rico Rodriguez) along with the youngest son Fulgencio "Joe" Pritchett (Jeremy Maguire). Mitchell and their husband Cameron Tucker (Eric Stonestreet) have an adopted Vietnamese child, Lily Tucker-Pritchett (Aubrey Anderson-Emmons).
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2009–10)
Season 2 (2010–11)
Season 3 (2011–12)
Season 4 (2012–13)
Season 5 (2013–14)
Season 6 (2014–15)
Season 7 (2015–16)
Season 8 (2016–17)
Season 9 (2017–18)
Season 10 (2018–19)
Season 11 (2019–20)
Special (2020)
Ratings
References
External links
Lists of American sitcom episodes
A bili light is a light therapy tool to treat newborn jaundice (hyperbilirubinemia). High levels of bilirubin can cause brain damage (kernicterus), leading to cerebral palsy, auditory neuropathy, gaze abnormalities and dental enamel hypoplasia. The therapy uses a blue light (420–470 nm) that converts bilirubin into a form that can be excreted in the urine and feces. Soft goggles are put on the child to reduce eye damage from the high intensity light.
References
Light therapy
O. orientalis may refer to:
Octoknema orientalis, a plant species endemic to Tanzania
Onchidella orientalis, an air-breathing sea slug species
Orosius orientalis, the common brown leafhopper, a leafhopper species found in Australia
Ovis orientalis (or O. aries orientalis), the mouflon, a wild sheep species
Oxychilus orientalis, an air-breathing land snail species found in Slovakia
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
The 1952 Panamerican Championship was the first edition of the Panamerican Championship, an association football tournament featuring national teams from North, Central and South America. Organized by the Panamerican Football Confederation, this first edition was held in Santiago, Chile, between March 16 and April 20, in 1952.
The competition, contested by six teams, was played in a round-robin format, and won by Brazil. All the matches were played at Estadio Nacional.
Venue
Results
Table
Top goalscorers
References
1952
1952 Pan
1952 Pan
1952 in South American football
1952 in Chilean football
March 1952 sports events in South America
April 1952 sports events in South America
1950s in Santiago, Chile
Avadi Police Commissionerate is located near Avadi bus terminus in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It was created by the trifurcation of the Greater Chennai City Police jurisdictions. Tamil Nadu State government created Tambaram & Avadi Police commissionerates in an attempt of reforming greater Chennai city police. Avadi Police Commissionerate was formally inaugurated by Chief Minister M. K. Stalin on 1 January 2022. The newly created Avadi Commissionerate jurisdiction covers twenty-five police stations from the police districts of Avadi and Redhills.
References
Government of Chennai
Metropolitan law enforcement agencies of India
Protodrilidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Protodrilida.
Genera:
Astomus Jouin, 1979
Claudrilus Martínez, Di Domenico, Rouse & Worsaae, 2015
Lindrilus Martínez, Di Domenico, Rouse & Worsaae, 2015
Megadrilus Martınez, Di Domenico, Rouse & Worsaae, 2015
Meiodrilus Martínez, Di Domenico, Rouse & Worsaae, 2015
Parentodrilus Jouin, 1992
Protannelis Lam, 1922
Protodrilus Czerniavsky, 1881
Protodrilus Hatschek, 1881
References
Polychaetes
Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents
The book sorts ghosts into several general categories according to their power levels (first through fifth magnitude), physical appearance (spectral, humanoid, bestial), and origin (sudden death, reincarnation, dark pacts). By mixing the characteristics associated with these and other categories, the Dungeon Master can create customized spirits. Ghostly powers and vulnerabilities are discussed at length, and a chapter is devoted to the investigation of hauntings.
Publication history
Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts was written by William W. Connors, and published by TSR, Inc. Cover art was by Robin Wood, with interior art by Robert Klasnich and Stephen Fabian.
Reception
Rick Swan reviewed Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts for Dragon magazine #186 (October 1992). Swan comments: "One of the better Ravenloft supplements, this volume provides workable suggestions for incorporating the incorporeal into gothic horror campaigns." They felt that the chapter devoted to the investigation of hauntings "provides interesting springboards for supernatural adventures". Swan concluded that although the book was "generally well-written, the designer should've ditched the first-person approach [...] which is not only distracting but inappropriate for what is essentially a rule book".
Reviews
White Wolf #36
References
Ravenloft
Saudia Flight 163 was a scheduled Saudia passenger flight that caught fire after takeoff from Riyadh International Airport (now the Riyadh Air Base) en route to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on 19 August 1980. All 287 passengers and 14 crew on board the Lockheed L-1011-200 TriStar died from smoke inhalation after the aircraft made a successful emergency landing at Riyadh.
The accident is the deadliest involving a Lockheed L-1011 TriStar, as well as the deadliest aviation disaster to occur in Saudi Arabia. At the time, this was the second deadliest aircraft accident in the history of aviation involving a single airplane after Turkish Airlines Flight 981.
Aircraft and crew
Aircraft
The aircraft involved in the accident was a Lockheed L-1011-200 TriStar (registered in Saudi Arabia as HZ-AHK). It made its first flight on 13 July 1979, and was delivered to Saudia on 21 August 1979.
Crew
The captain of the flight was 38-year-old Mohammed Ali Khowyter, a Saudi who was hired by Saudia in 1965. They had flown numerous aircraft such as Douglas DC-3, DC-4, McDonnell Douglas DC-9, Boeing 707 and 737. Khowyter's records described them as a slow learner and needing more proper training. Khowyter had 7,674 flying hours, including 388 hours in the TriStar. The first officer was 26-year-old Sami Abdullah M. Hasanain, also a Saudi who joined the airline in 1977 and had previously worked as a trainee. They received their type rating on the TriStar eleven days before the accident. At one point during their training, however, due to their poor performance, Hasanain was removed from flying school. Hasanain had 1,615 flying hours, including 125 hours in the TriStar. The flight engineer was 42-year-old Bradley Curtis, an American who was hired by the airline in 1974. They had been qualified as a captain of the Douglas DC-3, and was then assigned to train in either the Boeing 707 or 737, but failed to qualify either as a captain or as a first officer because they did not meet the requirements. They had needed to pay for their own training as an L-1011 flight engineer in order to keep their job. Curtis had 650 flying hours, including 157 hours in the TriStar.
Accident
Flight 163 departed Qu'aid-e-Azam International Airport (now Jinnah International Airport) in Karachi, Pakistan at 18:32 Pakistan time (13:32 UTC) bound for Jeddah International Airport in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, with a scheduled intermediate stop at Riyadh Airport. The flight arrived in Riyadh at 19:06 Saudi time (16:06 UTC). There was a two-hour layover for refueling. During the layover, several of the passengers disembarked. After refueling, the flight took off at 21:08 (18:08 UTC) bound for Jeddah.
Almost seven minutes into the flight, the crew received warnings of smoke from the cargo compartment. The crew spent the next four minutes trying to confirm the warnings, after which Flight Engineer Curtis went back into the cabin to confirm the presence of smoke. Captain Khowyter decided to return to the airport, and First Officer Hasanain radioed their intentions at 21:20 (18:20 UTC). At 21:25 (18:25 UTC), the thrust lever for the number two engine (the center engine) became jammed as the fire burned through the operating cable. Then, at 21:29 (18:29 UTC), the engine was shut down during final approach.
At 21:35 (18:35 UTC), Khowyter declared an emergency and landed back at Riyadh. After touchdown at 21:36 (18:36 UTC), the airplane continued to a taxiway at the end of the runway where it exited the runway, stopping two minutes and 40 seconds after touchdown at 21:39 (18:39 UTC). The airport fire rescue equipment was stationed back on the landing section of the runway, with emergency personnel expecting an emergency stop and evacuation. This meant they had to rush after the aircraft, which had used the entire length of a runway to slow and then exit onto the taxiway. The airplane stopped facing in the opposite direction from landing.
Once the aircraft had stopped, the crew reported that they were shutting down the engines and about to evacuate. On arrival at the aircraft soon after, however, the rescue personnel found that the two wing-mounted engines were still running, preventing them from opening the doors. These were finally shut down at 21:42 (18:42 UTC), three minutes and 15 seconds after the aircraft came to a stop, at which point communication with the crew was lost. No external fire was visible at this time, but flames were observed through the windows at the rear of the aircraft. Twenty-three minutes after engine shutdown, at 22:05 (19:05 UTC), the R2 door (second door on the right side) was opened by ground personnel. Three minutes later, the aircraft burst into flames, and was consumed by fire.
Why Captain Khowyter failed to evacuate the aircraft promptly is not known. Saudi reports stated that the crew could not get the plug-type doors to open in time. It is assumed that most passengers and flight attendants were incapacitated during the landing roll, or they did not attempt to open a door on a moving aircraft. It is known that the aircraft remained pressurized during the landing roll as the cabin pressurization system was on standby, and the aircraft was found with both pressurization hatches almost completely closed. The pressurization hatches should have opened completely on touchdown to depressurize the aircraft. The crew were found still in their seats, and all the victims were found in the forward half of the fuselage. Autopsies were conducted on some of the non-Saudi nationals, including the American flight engineer. All of them perished from smoke inhalation and not burns, which indicated that they had died long before the R2 door was opened. The source of the fire in compartment C3 could not be determined.
Passengers
Eighty-two of the passengers boarded in Karachi while the remaining 205 passengers boarded in Riyadh. The majority of the passengers were Saudis and Pakistani religious pilgrims on their way to Mecca for a traditional Ramadan holiday. In addition to the Saudis and Pakistanis, there were 32 religious pilgrims from Iran. There were also a small number of passengers from various countries, who were heading to Jeddah for diplomatic missions.
Investigation
The investigation revealed the fire had started in the aft C3 cargo compartment. The fire was intense enough to burn through the cabin floor, causing passengers seated in that area of the cabin to move forward prior to the landing. Saudi officials found two butane stoves in the burned-out remains of the airliner, and a used fire extinguisher near one of them. One early theory was that the fire began in the passenger cabin when a passenger used their own butane stove to heat water for tea. The investigation found no evidence to support this theory.
Policy changes
After the event, the airline revised its training and emergency procedures. Lockheed also removed the insulation from above the rear cargo area, and added glass laminate structural reinforcement. The National Transportation Safety Board recommended that aircraft use halomethane extinguishers instead of traditional hand-held fire extinguishers.
Crew resource management
Flight 163 encapsulated the further need for the advent of crew resource management. This is evident from the primary lapses in effective communication that prevented the crew from carrying out a final successful evacuation from the aircraft. These lapses are enabled in part by so-called power distances between juniors and superiors in workplace settings, relationships found in all societies but emphasized more in some than in others. "In high power distance cultures, juniors do not question superiors and leaders may be autocratic", leading to situations where a first officer finds it difficult to question decisions made by the captain, conditions that may have been present on Saudia Flight 163. This phenomenon has the capability of affecting flight safety globally, but as the work performed in the cockpit is markedly dependent upon the ability of one worker to crosscheck the work of another and vice versa, the danger is most apparent in individuals brought up in cultures that traditionally revere high-power distances between those in positions of power and their subordinates. In 1982, the British current-affairs program World in Action aired an episode entitled "The Mystery of Flight 163". This documented the accident, and was subsequently used to train pilots in the value of crew resource management.
See also
List of accidents and incidents involving commercial aircraft
Air Canada Flight 797, a flight that had an on-board fire believed to be due to an electrical fault. The plane managed to land, but a flashover fire during evacuation killed 23 of 41 passengers.
British Airtours Flight 28M, a flight that had to abort a takeoff from Manchester due to an engine fire. Because of issues with the evacuation, only 82 of the 137 people survived the event.
References
Notes
External links
Final Accident Report (Archive) General Authority of Civil Aviation
ICAO Circular 178-AN/111 No. 5 Lockheed L-1011 Tristar, HZ-AHK, accident at Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on 19 August 1980. Report dated 16 January 1982, released by Presidency of Civil Aviation, Saudi Arabia.
Cockpit voice recorder transcript
163
Airliner accidents and incidents caused by in-flight fires
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1980
Aviation accidents and incidents in Saudi Arabia
August 1980 events in Asia
1980 in Saudi Arabia
Accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed L-1011
Kalimati () is a rural municipality located in Salyan District of Karnali Province of Nepal.
References
External links
Official website
Populated places in Salyan District, Nepal
Rural municipalities in Karnali Province
Rural municipalities of Nepal established in 2017
Kenny Solomons (born 29 July 1986) English actor and model, known for their role as Mason in Brit-flick The Rapture. Solomon lives in Sweden. They own their own café/barbershop franchise in Sweden, Hammarby Sjöstad, Norra Djurgårdsstaden and Uppsala. The name of the shop is Rusty Rascals.
Early life
Solomons was born in Orsett, Essex and brought up with their four siblings in Thorpe Bay by their mother and father. They were privately educated at Thorpe Hall and went on to study musical theatre in England, before moving to Los Angeles to take acting workshops and courses from ages 22 to 24.
Career
Solomons' first professional encounter within the world of film and TV was at the age of two, when they were featured in a Huggies commercial. Solomon has also worked as a model, appearing in shoots for Cosmopolitan and as the face for the charity Everyman. They were an actor in India between 2006–2009, working in the Bollywood film industry on a number of projects.  They are currently living in Sweden.
External links
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm2891341/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120402110438/http://www.cosmopolitan.co.uk/men/cosmo-centrefold-hall-of-fame-80279
1986 births
Living people
English male film actors
English male models
People from Orsett
The Moder (, ; ) is a river in northeastern France; it begins in Zittersheim and ends at the river Rhine. It is long.
Etymology
The name of the river comes from Matrae—the Gallic river goddess.
Course
Its source of the Moder is near the hamlet Moderfeld, in the commune of Zittersheim. It joins the Rhine near the Iffezheim Lock, in Germany. The four primary tributaries of the Moder are the Zinsel du Nord, Zorn, Rothbach, and Soultzbach.
The river passes through the following communes:
References
Rivers of France
Rivers of Grand Est
Rivers of Bas-Rhin
Tributaries of the Moder
Hare Lift is a 1952 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes short directed by Friz Freleng. The short was released on December 20, 1952, and stars Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam. The title is a play on the term "air lift," as expressed in the plotline.
Plot
A newspaper announces the test flight of the world's biggest airplane. The plane lands at an airport, its giant wheel covering Bugs Bunny's hole. Bug struggles out and, impressed by the plane, decides to take a look inside. Meanwhile, in town, Yosemite Sam robs the Last National Bank ("and keep a-reachin' for the ceilin'- till ya' REACH it!!") then wipes off the assets, which read $4,562,321.08 (stolen amount ), down to 8 cents. They hear the police approach and drives off to the airport, with plans to hijack a plane and take refuge in another country where the cops cannot find him.
Inside the plane, Bugs has started to pretend they are a World War II pilot, and when Sam boards, they assume Bugs is the pilot and orders them to take off at once. Before Bugs can protest, Sam threatens to shoot him. Bug succeeds in finding the ignition button, and the plane sets off down the runway and flies over a busy traffic intersection.
Racing toward a skyscraper, Bugs pulls the plane up into outer space, sending Sam falling to the plane's tail. When it seems as if the plane is about to crash into the Moon, Bugs steers the plane back down toward Earth, sending Sam falling to the plane's nose. As Sam threatens to have Bugs' license revoked, they discover the rabbit reading a flying manual and realizes in horror that Bugs is not a pilot and has absolutely no idea how to fly the aircraft. Noticing the Earth growing larger in the window and worrying that they might fatally crash to the ground if Bugs does not do something quick, Sam orders Bugs to read faster, or else. Bugs, however, refuses to read any further in the manual because of Sam's mean talk and orders them to apologize. Sam slaps themselves in the head. The United States appears in the window; Sam apologizes to Bugs, but not without insulting him. Bugs then orders Sam to "say [he's] sorry with sugar on it." Sam refuses and tries to act nonchalant by playing with a yo-yo and a set of jacks. As a farm appears in the window, Sam finally gives in and apologizes properly.
Bug steers the plane straight back up to the sky, just barely missing the farm in the process, and goes to radio the authorities to inform them that they are bringing the plane back. Sam then orders Bugs to give them the flying manual to keep them from heading back to town where the cops are after him, but Bugs throws it out the open door. Sam runs out to retrieve it, but upon discovering how high they are, they "runs" back in. Bugs then lets Sam slip on a banana peel and out the other door. When they hear Sam knocking at the door, Bugs pretends to be a grocer ("Sorry, can't use any today! [slams door on him] Try next Wednesday."). Burning with anger, Sam bursts back in and threatens to blow Bugs to Kingdom Come. Since Sam happens to be standing on the bomb bay doors, Bugs pulls a cord and sends Sam falling out of the plane. Sam panics mid-air and scrambles back into the plane.
Fed up with Bugs' flying, Sam orders Bugs to turn the controls over to him. Instead, Bugs breaks off the control column and tosses it out of the plane, causing the aircraft to descend. Afraid of crashing, Sam activates the robot pilot. The pilot comes out, assesses the situation, concludes it is hopeless, takes one of the two parachutes from the parachute locker, and jumps out of the plane itself.
With just one parachute left, Bugs decides they and Sam should draw straws to see who gets it. Sam suggests that Bugs should draw the straws, then quickly grabs the parachute and their bag of stolen money. Sam jumps out, opens the parachute, and, while shouting at Bugs ("So long, sucker! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha...Hoo-hoo...Hoo-hoo... Wooooh...."), the trailing off "hoo's" and "woooh's" come when they land with the bank's bag of stolen money in their hands into a conveniently arriving police car full of officers. Bug manages to stop the plane in midair (just a few feet from the ground) by pulling a lever (an ending reminiscent of that of Falling Hare).  They are just thankful the plane comes with "air brakes" (a play on a different type of "air brakes").
See also
List of Bugs Bunny cartoons
List of Yosemite Sam cartoons
Notes
Some scenes where Yosemite Sam has trouble staying inside the plane as well as the banana peel gag sending them outside the door, sticking to it in fear, were somewhat reused from the 1943 Merrie Melodies cartoon Falling Hare.
Scenes from this cartoon were reused in the 1963 Merrie Melodies cartoon Devil's Feud Cake and "Act 1" of the 1981 package film The Looney Looney Looney Bugs Bunny Movie.
References
External links
1952 films
1952 animated films
1952 short films
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
American aviation films
Films scored by Carl Stalling
Bugs Bunny films
1950s Warner Bros. animated short films
Yosemite Sam films
1950s English-language films
The carpogonium (plural carpogonia) is the female organ in the Red Algae (Rhodophyta) which have a highly specialized type of reproduction. It contains the reproductive nucleus. It may contain a number of cells usually without chloroplasts. It shows an elongated process which is the receptive organ for the male gametes.
It gives birth to the carpospores.
It may also have hairlike structures called trichogynes which receive sperm before fertilization takes place.
References
Red algae
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H6O3}}
The molecular formula C6H6O3 may refer to:
Hydroxymethylfurfural
Hydroxyquinol
Isomaltol
Levoglucosenone
Maltol
Phloroglucinol
Pyrogallol
Triacetic acid lactone
The red-capped myzomela (Myzomela lafargei), also known as the scarlet-naped myzomela, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is found in the Solomon Islands archipelago (Buka, Bougainville, the Shortland Islands, Fauro, Choiseul and Santa Isabel). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
red-capped myzomela
Birds of Bougainville Island
Endemic birds of the Solomon Islands
red-capped myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Day A Special, named Errant, was designed in the U.S. by Charles Healey Day, as a safe, easy to fly tourer, for two sitting side-by-side. In 1931 the designer and their wife flew Errant on a seven month world tour.
Design and development
The 'A Special' was designed to meet the needs and abilities of a competent, non-professional pilot wanting a safe and forgiving two seat tourers, rather than a multi-role aircraft capable of aerobatics. As part of the early design process Day had studied the flight characteristics that underlay many light plane accidents in order to minimize them.
The result was an equal span biplane with generous wing area and large () stagger. The stagger allowed the side-by-side seats to be ahead of the lower wing leading edge, giving good fields of view both downwards and in steeply banked turns. Both upper and lower wings were set with 3° of dihedral and were rectangular in plan out to rounded tips. They were braced together with a forward-leaning N-strut on each side and the upper wing centre section was held over the fuselage by pairs of outward-leaning, parallel cabane struts. Flight tests showed its ailerons, inset and mounted only on the lower wing, retained control in the stall.
Its fuselage was flat-sided apart from rounded decking. A nose-mounted Martin 333 inverted, air-cooled inline engine producing was gravity fed from a tank under the front cowling. It had an open, side-by-side cockpit, well-instrumented with controls on the left and a baggage compartment behind it. The biplane had a large, span tailplane, adjustable for trim from the cockpit and carrying large elevators mounted well above the thrust line on top of a trapezoidal fin and out of the downwash of the lower wing, thus avoiding tail stalls. It had a large balanced rudder. Tests showed that compass headings could be maintained under blind flying conditions without use of the rudder; Day's accident analysis showed that rudder misuse was a frequent cause of accidents initiated in these conditions.
Landing safety was maximized by fixed landing gear with an track. Its wheels, well ahead of the centre of gravity were on landing legs with long travel shock absorbers from the upper fuselage longerons. They had low pressure tyres and brakes. The gear was a split axle type with the inner ends of the axles on a transverse V-strut from the lower longerons. This V-strut and the two drag struts from the outer axle ends were mounted on the central fuselage underside.
The world tour
Charles Day's original suggestion was that they and their wife Gladys should use it for a tour around the United States but they preferred to see more and a world tour was planned instead. There were a few modifications to the biplane: a reserve fuel tank was installed under the luggage space behind the seats, the oil tank increased in capacity and a second baggage space provided behind the engine firewall.
The aircraft was shipped to Heston Aerodrome near London in the summer of 1931. The couple packed some spares, fitted a new compass and set off through Central Europe, the Balkans, Asia Minor and East Asia to Shanghai. After shipping the biplane to San Francisco they flew home to New York. The trip took seven months, visited 74 cities and 20 countries; the overall flown distance was about .
Specifications (A Special)
References
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1930s United States sport aircraft
The Albuquerque Northwest Loop is a projected highway in New Mexico's Bernalillo and Sandoval counties. The road, which would be built in a rural area, is projected to connect U.S. Route 550 (US 550) near Rio Rancho to Interstate 40 (I-40) near the Rio Puerco (approximately from central Albuquerque). It is mentioned in a transportation plan geared towards the year 2030 produced by the Mid-Region Council of Governments and would likely be funded by mostly private sources. The projected cost of the first phase of construction is $52,890,000, later stages are projected to amount to approximately $70,000,000. The two-lane highway would initially have a gravel surface; the right-of-way could accommodate the expansion of the road into a freeway if needed due to future growth.
The announcement of a federal environmental assessment concerning the corridor reignited old controversies over the planned road. Some proponents of the road argue that it will ease traffic congestion in metropolitan Albuquerque and facilitate the economic development of the region, creating many jobs. Some opponents of the road argue that it would induce sprawl and that the inclusion of public money to develop the road would be an unfair subsidy to the developers who own the land around it. Some planners point out that traffic projections show that there is no need for the right-of-way, which was given to Sandoval and Bernalillo counties in the early nineties by the landowners, while backers claim that the road will nonetheless have to be built to serve the eventual development that is planned for the area.
References
Proposed roads in the United States
Transportation in New Mexico
Transportation in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Lower Wilmot is a rural locality in the local government area (LGA) of Kentish in the North-west and west LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about north-west of the town of Sheffield. The 2016 census recorded a population of 115 for the state suburb of Lower Wilmot.
History
Lower Wilmot was gazetted as a locality in 1965.
Geography
The Forth River forms the eastern boundary. The Wilmot River, a tributary of the Forth, forms the western and northern boundaries, joining the Forth at the north-east corner.
Road infrastructure
Route C132 (Wilmot Road) runs through from north to south.
References
Towns in Tasmania
Localities of Kentish Council
Martin Eimer FBA is professor of psychology, Birkbeck College, University of London. They were elected a fellow of the British Academy in 2016. Eimer is a specialist in cognitive and neural mechanisms of visual attention and working memory, integration of attention across sensory modalities, and face perception and recognition and their impairment in prosopagnosia.
References
Living people
Fellows of the British Academy
Academics of Birkbeck, University of London
Bielefeld University alumni
Cognitive neuroscientists
British psychologists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Apti Movlidovich Akhyadov (; born 24 August 1993) is a Russian footballer. They play as a striker or right midfielder.
Career
Akhyadov made their professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok. They made their Russian Football Premier League on 21 August 2015 for FC Terek Grozny in a game against FC Dynamo Moscow.
On 26 July 2018, they joined FC Anzhi Makhachkala on loan for the 2018–19 season.
On 2 July 2019, they joined FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye on loan. The loan was terminated by mutual consent on 19 August 2019.
On 23 January 2020 they signed a 1.5-year contract with FC Tom Tomsk.
Career statistics
Club
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
References
1993 births
People from Gudermes
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
Russia youth international footballers
FC Akhmat Grozny players
PFC Spartak Nalchik players
FC Anzhi Makhachkala players
FC Tom Tomsk players
FC Kyran players
Russian Premier League players
Russian First League players
Russian Second League players
Kazakhstan First Division players
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye players
Sportspeople from Chechnya
"Rebound" is a song by American indie rock band Sebadoh, from their 1994 album Bakesale. It was released as a CD Single and 7" vinyl record.
A solo acoustic version appears as a b-side on the song's US single, and on the 2011 Bakesale reissue.
A music video was made for the song.
Track listing
US CD Single (SP284b)
"Rebound"
"Social Medicine"
"On Fire (acoustic)"
"Magnet's Coil (acoustic)"
"Rebound (acoustic)"
UK 7" Single (RUG17)
"Rebound"
"Careful"
Sebadoh songs
1994 singles
Sub Pop singles
1994 songs
Songs written by Lou Barlow
Mariusz Wysocki (born 3 June 1976 in Poland) is a Polish retired footballer.
References
Polish footballers
Living people
1976 births
Association football defenders
OKS Stomil Olsztyn players
Świt Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki players
KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski players
The 1971-72 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools. The first four of each pool, were qualified for the "last 32".
The Béziers won the Championship beating Brive in the final, holding their title..
Qualification round
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round. The teams are listed according to the final ranking
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1972 lnr.fr
1972
France
Championship
Events from the year 1576 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Monarch: Elizabeth I
Events
March 9 – Walter Devereux, Earl of Essex, is appointed Earl Marshal of Ireland.
April – Sir Henry Sidney, Lord Deputy of Ireland, shires Connacht into Galway, Mayo, Roscommon and Sligo.
June – the rebel sons of Richard Burke, Earl of Clanricarde, attack Athenry. They are captured and imprisoned in Dublin but escape.
June 20 – Sir William Drury is appointed President of Munster.
September – the Earl of Essex returns to Dublin but dies within three weeks of dysentery.
Births
Approximate date – Anthony Lynch, Dominican (d. after 1636)
Deaths
September 22 – Walter Devereux, Earl of Essex, Earl Marshal of Ireland (b. 1541)
References
1570s in Ireland
Years of the 16th century in Ireland
The 2021–22 season was the 110th season in the existence of FC Viktoria Plzeň and the club's 29th consecutive season in the top flight of Czech football. In addition to the domestic league, Viktoria Plzeň participated in this season's editions of the Czech Cup and the UEFA Europa Conference League.
Players
First-team squad
.
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Czech First League
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Championship Group
Czech Cup
UEFA Europa Conference League
Qualifying rounds
Second qualifying round
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 16 June 2021.
Third qualifying round
The draw for the third qualifying round was held on 19 July 2021.
Play-off round
The draw for the play-off round was held on 2 August 2021.
References
FC Viktoria Plzeň seasons
Viktoria Plzen
2021–22 UEFA Europa Conference League participants seasons
Czech Republic football championship-winning seasons
The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers (1938- 1966) were an early bluegrass band. Throughout their formations, they included notable "first generation" bluegrass musicians such as Ezra Cline, Bobby Osborne, Paul Williams, Melvin Goins, Charlie Cline, Curly Ray Cline, and Larry Richardson. The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers were inducted into the International Bluegrass Music Association Hall of Fame in 2009.
Career
The group was started by Ezra Cline and their cousins Ireland "Lazy Ned" Cline and Ray "Curly Ray" Cline. The group was originally named "Cousin Ezra and the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers". Ezra played the bass, Ireland the banjo, and Ray the fiddle. After Ireland was killed on D-Day, their other brother Charlie took their place in the band. The Clines came from a large and musically talented family. Ray and Charlie's father, Charlie, was a banjo player while the women in the family, Geraldine and Bobbi, were singers. For reasons unknown, Bobbi and Geraldine never joined the band on the road but often joined in at home, especially when notable Country singers, such as Bill Monroe, Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs, and Hank Williams, came visiting. Natives of the Gilbert Creek region of southern West Virginia, the original Lonesome Pine Fiddlers worked on radio at WHIS Bluefield, West Virginia.
In 1949 the additions of vocalist Bobby Osborne and banjoist Larry Richardson made the Fiddlers into a bluegrass band. The group was first recorded in 1950, releasing a double-sided, shellac disk with the tracks "Don't Forget Me" and "Will I Meet Mother in Heaven" under label Cozy Records. At this time the band consisted of Ezra Cline, Larry Richardson, Ray Morgan, and Bobby Osborne. Throughout the remainder of their career, the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers would record 4 albums under Starday Records and many EPs under RCA Victor, Starday, and others.
When the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers resumed regular daily broadcasts, Charlie, who played multiple instruments, joined them on a regular basis. Charlie returned to the Fiddlers briefly before becoming a member of Bill Monroe's Blue Grass Boys. During 1952-1955, Charlie worked off and on with Monroe, recording some 38 songs, all on Decca. It has been said that they played every instrument at one time or another in the Monroe group except mandolin. Charlie spent most of 1953 back with the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers working at WJR radio in Detroit. When Ezra brought the band to Pikeville, Kentucky, in November, Charlie rejoined Bill Monroe. In 1954, Charlie played lead guitar on a session with the Stanley Brothers and one on RCA with the Fiddlers, even though they were not otherwise working with them at the time. They also worked briefly as a sideman with the Osborne Brothers. By 1958, Charlie (electric lead guitar) and their wife, Lee (electric bass), had rejoined Ezra and Curly Ray in the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers, who were experimenting with a more modern sound and working a TV show in Huntington, West Virginia, in addition to daily radio in Pikeville.
On October 1, 2009, the Lonesome Pine Fiddlers were inducted into the International Bluegrass Hall of Fame. Bobby Osborne, Melvin Goins, and Paul Williams received the band's award during a ceremony at the Ryman Auditorium (the original home of the Grand Ole Opry). A performance of The Lonesome Pine Fiddlers' tune "Pain In My Heart" by Osborne, Goins, and Williams was included in the closing act of the awards ceremony.
Singles and EPs
Bibliography
Rosenberg, Neil V. Bluegrass: A History. University of Illinois Press. 1985.
Wright, John. Travelling the High Way Home: Ralph Stanley and the World of Traditional Bluegrass Music. University of Illinois Press. 1993.
References
American bluegrass music groups
Comedy Central is an Italian television channel broadcasting comedy-related programmes from the United States, the United Kingdom and Italy. It is owned by Paramount Networks EMEAA.
Programming
Shows
Amici @ Letto
Lo Zoo di 105 (recorded from Radio 105 Network)
Bastardi
Second Italy
Neurovisione
Amici miei
The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
Very Victoria
The Ben Stiller Show
Markette (from La7)
Crozza Italia (from La7)
Made in Sud
Comedy Tour
Comicittà
The Sarah Silverman Program
Central Station
Salsa Rosa
Cartoons
Drawn Together
South Park
Odd Job Jack
The Boondocks
Beavis and Butt-head
Comedy Illustrated (ILL-ustrated)
Fuori di Zukka (Free For All)
Interviste mai Viste (Creature Comforts)
Happy Tree Friends (TV series)
Sitcoms
Porno: Un Affare di Famiglia (Family Business)
Le Regole dell'Amore (Rules of Engagement)
Medici Senza Speranza (Out of Practice)
Courting Alex
The Comeback
Frasier
Love, Inc.
So Notorious
Normal, Ohio
Tutti Amano Raymond (Everybody Loves Raymond)
Almost Perfect
Becker
The King of Queens
TV series
Sex & The City
Reno 911!
Related
Ti Presento i Robinson (The Robinsons)
Stella
Last Man Standing
Dentro la TV
I Commedianti (Slings and Arrows)
Everybody Hates Chris
The War at Home
Everybody Loves Raymond
King of Queens
Rules of Engagement
Worst Week
Vintage
Pappa e Ciccia (Roseanne)
Cheers
Casa Keaton (Family Ties)
Get Smart
Adult Information
La Strana Coppia (The Odd Couple)
M*A*S*H
Mork & Mindy
Police Squad!
Sports
US Figure Skating
References
External links
Comedy Central
Italian-language television stations
Telecom Italia Media
Television channels in Italy
Television channels and stations established in 2007
E. bidentata may refer to:
Ensliniana bidentata, a leafcutter bee
Epermenia bidentata, a fringe-tufted moth
Eudonia bidentata, a grass moth
Euglossa bidentata, an orchid bee
"Yeah, Yeah, Yeah" is a song performed by Oaktown's 357, released as the second single from their debut album, Wild & Loose.
The song was written and co-produced by MC Hammer, and released by their Bust It Records label via Capitol Records.
"Yeah, Yeah, Yeah" peaked at number 9 on the Billboard Hot Rap Songs chart in 1989.
Chart positions
References
1989 singles
Capitol Records singles
Oaktown's 357 songs
Song recordings produced by MC Hammer
Songs written by MC Hammer
1989 songs
Hugh de Turberville (died 1293) was an English noble and soldier.
Life
Hugh de Turberville was from the Turberville family of Crickhowell, Brecknockshire, Wales. From 1271 to 1272 they served as the Seneschal of Gascony. Hugh held Crickhowell Castle from 1273, as mesne lord, the vassal of Reginald FitzPiers. As a knight of the royal household of King Edward I of England, they were one of the commanders during the campaign against Wales during 1277. During the campaign of 1282 during the conquest of Wales, they were one of the leader of eight lances of the cavalry, before appointment as a Knight Banneret, commander of 6000 Foot soldiers from the Welsh Marches. In 1283 they were commander of 1000 foot soldiers and was elevated to Deputy Constable. In 1284 they briefly served as commander of Castell y Bere in Merionethshire, Wales. Turberville was granted Hasfield, Gloucestershire by their daughter's father-inlaw, Grimbold Paunceforte, for life, reverting on Hugh's death to Grimbold's son, Grimbold. During the rebellion of Rhys ap Maredudd they participated in the siege of Dryslwyn Castle in 1287, after which they served in 1288 for a few months as Deputy Justiciar of North Wales. Hugh was again the commander of Castell y Bere, which they held until their death in 1293.
Turberville appears to be the father of Thomas, who was executed as a spy in 1295. Their daughter Sybil married Grimbold Paunceforte, who inherited Crickhowell Castle.
Citations
References
Year of birth unknown
1293 deaths
Knights banneret
13th-century English people
Medieval English knights
Seneschals of Gascony
God's Gift is a British dating game show that aired on ITV from 4 January 1996 to 3 April 1998 and presented by Davina McCall in for the first series and Claudia Winkleman for the second series.
Format
Each week, five male contestants would vie with each other to win the affections and votes of a female audience (or a male audience on "gay specials") by participating in a series of facetious games designed to "test" their sex appeal. The winner's prize would be to take an audience member of their choice out on a date, which was then filmed for broadcast in the following week's show.
External links
1996 British television series debuts
1998 British television series endings
1990s British game shows
British game shows
English-language television shows
ITV game shows
Television series by ITV Studios
Television shows produced by Granada Television
Jimmy Savile
The County of Hanau was a territory within the Holy Roman Empire, evolved out of the Lordship of Hanau in 1429. From 1456 to 1642 and from 1685 to 1712 it was divided into the County of Hanau-Münzenberg and the County of Hanau-Lichtenberg. After both lines became extinct the County of Hanau-Münzenberg was inherited by the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel, the County of Hanau-Lichtenberg by the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt in 1736.
Creation
In 1429 Emperor Sigismund of the Holy Roman Empire declared Reinhard II. of Hanau a count, so their possessions, the Lordship (Herrschaft) of Hanau, became the County of Hanau. The main part of it was positioned to the north of the river Main stretching from the East of Frankfurt am Main eastwards through the valley of the river Kinzig to Schlüchtern and into the Spessart mountains to Partenstein. Legally not correct the title County of Hanau is used in later literature sometimes also for its territorial predecessor, the Lordship of Hanau. This elevation in rank was a signal of the political and economical success of .
Division
Only one year after the death of Reinhard II their son and successor, Reinhard III died too, leaving as heir their son Philipp I (the younger), then a boy four years of age. It was in no way certain that they would survive long enough to produce a male heir on their own. This was a threat to the further existence of the family of the counts of Hanau. The only other living male of the family was Philipp I (the elder), a brother to Reinhard III and uncle to Philipp I (the younger). Due to the Hanau Statute of Primogeniture of 1375 only the eldest son of a reigning count of Hanau was allowed to marry and produce offspring able to inherit the title and county. This caused a conflict within the family producing two parties: The mother of Philipp I (the younger), Countess Palatine Margaret of Mosbach, and their father, Otto I, Count Palatine of Mosbach, on one side insisting on the Statute of Primogeniture. Their interest lay in securing the whole, undivided inheritance for Philipp I (the younger). On the other side stood Philipp I (the elder) and most of the influential persons and institutions in the county, including its four towns. The conflict lasted until 1457 when the Countess Palatine Margaret died. In 1458 this led to the solution Philipp I (the elder) wished: The administrative District of Babenhausen – that was all the territory of the county south of the river Main – was separated from the county and given to Philipp I (the elder). It became the nucleus of the county of Hanau-Lichtenberg. The remaining county was later called Hanau-Münzenberg to distinguish the two counties.
Reunification
Politics
In 1642 the last male member of the Hanau-Münzenberg family, Count Johann Ernst, died. The next male of kin was Friedrich Casimir, Count of Hanau-Lichtenberg, then still a minor under the guardianship of Georg II of Fleckenstein-Dagstuhl. The relation to count Johann Ernst was quite remote and the inheritance endangered in more than one way. The inheritance happened during the final years of Thirty Years' War, the feudal Overlords, partly enemy to Hanau, tried to hold back fiefs traditionally held by Hanau-Münzenberg, the county of Hanau-Münzenberg was of Reformed Confession, Friedrich Casimir and the county of Hanau-Lichtenberg were Lutheran and even to reach the capital of Hanau-Münzenberg, the town of Hanau, proved to be very difficult for the heir: Friedrich Casimir only managed by travelling in disguise. Georg II of Fleckenstein-Dagstuhl managed the succession of Friedrich Casimir by two treaties:
Parties to the first one of 1642 were Friedrich Casimir and the wealthy bourgeoisie of Hanau. The count granted the reformed faith as state religion within Hanau-Münzenberg only reserving Lutheran services for themselves and their court. Therefore, the citizens of Hanau – by far the strongest power within the devastated county – supported the accession of Friedrich Casimir.
Parties to the second one of 1643 were Friedrich Casimir and Landgravine Amalie Elisabeth, née countess of Hanau-Münzenberg, daughter to Philipp Ludwig II. They granted military and diplomatic support against the still resisted overlords. Therefore, Friedrich Casimir granted – should the house of Hanau be without male heirs – the inheritance of Hanau-Münzenberg to the descendants of Amalie Elisabeth. That actually happened in 1736.
These treaties secured the unification of the two Hanau counties under one ruler and saved Hanau-Münzenberg as a unit.
Against the treaty of accession between Friedrich Casimir and their Hanau subjects they tried to enlarge the influence of the Lutherans within Hanau-Münzenberg: The first twenty years of their reign the Lutheran services were limited to the chapel in their castle in Hanau. But due to growing numbers from 1658 to 1662 an own church building for the Lutherans was erected in the town against the protest of the reformed majority, the Johanneskirche. Both parties struggled against each other for decades, tried to prevent – unsuccessfully – mixed marriages and even fought one another. An additional treaty of 1670 allowed the Lutherans their own church. This resulted in two parallel churches within the county of Hanau-Münzenberg each one having its own administration. Therefore, a lot of villages in Hanau-Münzenberg had a set of reformed church, school, vicarage and cemetery and another one for the Lutherans. Only the Enlightenment and the economic crises of the Napoleonic Wars let to the Hanau Union which ended this double structure in 1818.
Sibylle Christine of Anhalt-Dessau, the widow of Count Philipp Moritz, who had been the ruling count until 1638 had received Steinau Castle as their widow seat. As widow of a ruling count, they could raise substantial claims against the county. To avoid this, it was decided to marry Friedrich Casimir to the widow, who was 44 years old at the time, almost 20 years older than he. An added advantage of this marriage was that they were a Calvinist which calmed the majority of the population. The marriage was plagued by differences. The marriage with the elderly widow remained childless. Shortly before their death, Friedrich Casimir adopted their nephew count Philipp Reinhard.
Economy
Friedrich Casimir tried to implement mercantilism into their county severely devastated by the effects of Thirty Years' War. A leading role in this is claimed for their adviser Johann Becher. A successful achievement was the foundation of a factory to produce Faience, the first in Germany. On the other hand, the count's extravagant initiative to lease Guiana from the Dutch West India Company was a devastating experiment. These Hanauish-Indies (Hanauisch-Indien) never became a reality but nearly let their county into bankruptcy. So in 1670 their nearest relatives staged a palace revolution trying to kick Friedrich Casimir out of office. This did not work entirely. But Friedrich Casimir was put under the guardianship of their relatives by emperor Leopold and the count's possibilities to stage new experiments were severely curtailed.
The last counts of Hanau
Friedrich Casimir died childless in 1685. Their inheritance was divided between their two male nephews, count Philipp Reinhard, who inherited Hanau-Münzenberg and count Johann Reinhard III, who inherited Hanau-Lichtenberg. Both were sons of Friedrich Casimir's brother count Johann Reinhard II. So the county of Hanau was divided again into two, Hanau-Münzenberg and Hanau-Lichtenberg as it was before 1642. But when in 1712 count Philipp Reinhard died count Johann Reinhard III inherited the county of Hanau-Münzenberg and for a last time both counties were united into one county of Hanau. With count Johann Reinhard III the last male member of the Hanau family died in 1736. Hanau-Münzenberg and Hanau-Lichtenberg fell to different heirs: Due to the treaty of succession of 1643 Hanau-Münzenberg was inherited by the Landgraviate of Hesse-Kassel, Hanau-Lichtenberg fell to the Landgraviate of Hesse-Darmstadt because Countess Charlotte of Hanau-Lichtenberg, daughter to Johann Reinhard III, was married to the heir of Hesse-Darmstadt, reigning later than landgrave Louis VIII.
Regarding the question if the administrative district of Babenhausen was part of Hanau-Münzenberg or Hanau-Lichtenberg nearly lead into a war of both landgraviats in 1736 and into an extensive legal suit at the Imperial Chamber Court, one of the two highest courts of the Holy Roman Empire. The suit ended with a compromise to divide the administrative district of Babenhausen into two equal parts between them. But it took until 1771 to realize this.
See also
German colonial projects before 1871#The Hanau-Indies
Footnotes
Sources
Reinhard Dietrich, Die Landesverfassung in dem Hanauischen. Die Stellung der Herren und Grafen in Hanau-Münzenberg aufgrund der archivalischen Quellen (= Hanauer Geschichtsblätter 34). Selbstverlag des Hanauer Geschichtsvereins, Hanau 1996, .
Ernst Julius Zimmermann: Hanau, Stadt und Land. Kulturgeschichte und Chronik einer fränkisch-wetterauischen Stadt und ehemaligen Grafschaft. Mit besonderer Berücksichtigung der älteren Zeit. Vermehrte Ausgabe. Selbstverlag, Hanau 1919 (Unveränderter Nachdruck. Peters, Hanau 1978, ).
Hanau-Muenzenberg
Principalities of Hanau
States and territories established in 1429
1420s establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1429 establishments in Europe
1736 disestablishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Early Modern history of Germany
The 1902 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1902 college football season.
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
Maria Stern may refer to:
Maria Stern (poker player)
Maria Stern (singer-songwriter)
The Banda myzomela (Myzomela boiei) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to Indonesia. It is found in the Banda, Babar and Tanimbar Islands.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Banda myzomela
Birds of the Maluku Islands
Birds of the Tanimbar Islands
Banda Islands
Banda myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
was a Japanese daimyō of the Azuchi–Momoyama period, who ruled the Iwatsuki Domain. Masanaga, like their father Kiyonaga, served the Tokugawa clan.
Masanaga died in 1599, and was succeeded by their son Tadafusa.
1558 births
1599 deaths
Daimyo
Samurai
The Battle of Tarinkot took place in 2001 during the War in Afghanistan. On November 14, 2001, ODA 574 and Hamid Karzai inserted into Uruzgan Province via 4 MH-60K helicopters with a small force of guerrillas. In response to the approach of Karzai's force, the inhabitants of the town of Tarinkot revolted and expelled their Taliban administrators. Karzai traveled to Tarinkot to meet with the town elders. While they were there, the Taliban marshaled a force of 500 men to retake Tarinkot. Karzai's small force plus the American contingent, which consisted of US Army Special Forces from ODA 574 and their US Air Force Combat Controller, Tech Sergeant Alex Yoshimoto, were deployed in front of the town to block their advance. Relying heavily on close air support directed by Yoshimoto, the American/Afghan force managed to halt the Taliban advance and drive them away from the town.
The defeat of the Taliban at Tarinkot was an important victory for Karzai, who used the victory to recruit more men to their fledgling guerrilla band. Their force would grow in size to a peak of around 800 men. On November 30, they left Tarinkot and began advancing on Kandahar.
The story has been told in The Only Thing Worth Dying For, by Eric Blehm, detailing the experiences of Operational Detachment Alpha 574, a U.S. Army Special Forces ODA.
References
2001 in Afghanistan
War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
November 2001 events in Asia
Tarinkot
Operations involving American special forces
History of Urozgan Province
Battles in 2001
Dmitry Petrovich Neverovsky (1771–1813) was a Russian military officer and general who served in the Russo-Turkish War and the Napoleonic Wars. They served in the Battle of Smolensk, Battle of Borodino, and Battle of Leipzig, where they were mortally wounded. Born to a minor noble in Poltava, in modern-day Ukraine, they joined the army at the age of 15, and served in
References
1771 births
1813 deaths
Russian commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
Imperial Russian Army generals
Russian people of the Kościuszko Uprising
Recipients of the Order of St. George of the Third Degree
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 1st class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Military personnel of the Russian Empire killed in action
Military personnel killed in the Napoleonic Wars
The World of Quest is a comic series by Jason T. Kruse shown on the Komikwerks site as a webcomic and later released as a full graphic novel. The last chapter on the site is called "Prison Break". There are currently two volumes of The World of Quest available from Yen Press. The second volume The World of Quest Volume 2 was nominated for two Harvey Awards in 2009 - Best Graphic Album and Best Artist for artist and author Jason Kruse.
The comic was adapted into an animated series called World of Quest on Kids' WB!; it premiered on March 15, 2008, and The CW dropped the show after the first season completed on June 14 of the same year.
References
Fantasy webcomics
Webcomics in print
American comedy webcomics
Yen Press titles}
Kadokawa Dwango franchises
Comics adapted into animated series
Superhero comics
World of Stone is the debut extended play by Australian rock music group, Hunters & Collectors, which was issued in January 1982. Mushroom Records had specifically started the White Label imprint for alternative artists when signing the group. World of Stone was co-produced by the group and Tony Cohen; and reached No. 50 on the Kent Music Report Singles Chart.
Background
World of Stone is a three-track extended play released by Australian rock group, Hunters & Collectors, in January 1982. The group had formed in the previous year by former members of Melbourne-based group, Jetsonnes: John Archer on electric bass; Doug Falconer on drums; Robert Miles as live sound and art director; Mark Seymour on guitar and lead vocals; and Ray Tosti-Guerra on guitar and vocals. They were joined by Geoff Crosby on keyboards; and Greg Perano on percussion (ex-True Wheels). Initially they were "a collective rather than a band, an excursion into funk-rock rhythms and industrial Kraut-rock". Early performances included "banging of rubbish bin lids or fire extinguishers".
For some performances they were expanded by a horn section, later dubbed Horns of Contempt, which comprised a variable line-up including Nigel Crocker and Michael Waters, both on trombone; Jack Howard, Andy Lynn and Chris Malherbe, each on trumpet; and Jeremy Smith on French horn. According to Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, they were "hailed as the hip 'Next Big Thing' and the band to experience live". Mushroom Records specifically formed a new alternative label, White Label Records, when they signed Hunters & Collectors.
The EP was co-produced by Tony Cohen and the group. In February it reached No. 50 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart, with the title track also credited at the same position. The EP remained in the top 100 for eight weeks. According to Seymour, their fellow band member Crosby was heavily influenced by Brian Eno and used the Korg MS-20 on "World of Stone" to provide a "deep, almost subsonic synth drone". Seymour felt that the drone, which was used on several tracks during the band's career, "conveys a broad limitless horizon".
Track listing
Charts
Personnel
Credited to:
Hunters & Collectors members
John Archer – bass guitar, backing vocals
Geoff Crosby – keyboards, Korg MS-20
Doug Falconer – drums
Robert Miles – live sound, art director
Greg Perano – percussion
Mark Seymour – guitar, lead vocals, bass guitar
Ray Tosti-Guerra – guitar, backing vocals
Horns of Contempt members (on "Loinclothing")
Nigel Crocker – trombone
Jack Howard – trumpet
Andy Lynn – trumpet
Chris Malherbe – trumpet
Jeremy Smith – French horn
Michael Waters – trombone
Additional musicians
Karen Ansel – backing vocals (on "Loinclothing")
Production details
Producer – Hunters & Collectors, Tony Cohen
Engineer – Tony Cohen
Mixer, cover art – Robert Miles
References
Hunters & Collectors albums
1982 EPs
albums produced by Tony Cohen
This article lists the squads for the 2022 Women's Africa Cup of Nations, the 14th edition of the Women's Africa Cup of Nations. The tournament is a biennial women's international football tournament for national teams in Africa organised by the Confederation of African Football, and will be held in Morocco from 2 to 23 July 2022. In the tournament there are twelve national teams involved. Due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic in Africa, each national team registered a squad of 26 players.
The age listed for each player is on 2 July 2022, the first day of the tournament. The numbers of caps and goals listed for each player do not include any matches played after the start of tournament. The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match prior to the tournament. The nationality for each club reflects the national association (not the league) to which the club is affiliated. A flag is included for coaches that are of a different nationality than their own national team.
Group A
Burkina Faso
The squad was announced on 27 June 2022. Djamila Derra withdrew from the squad and was replaced by Chantal Zongo.
Head coach: Pascal Sawadogo
Morocco
The squad was announced on 1 July 2022.
Head coach: Reynald Pedros
Senegal
The squad was announced on 24 June 2022.
Head coach: Mame Moussa Cissé
Uganda
The squad was announced on 21 June 2022.
Head coach: George Lutalo
Group B
Cameroon
The squad was announced on 20 June 2022.
Head coach: Gabriel Zabo
Togo
The squad was announced on 23 June 2022.
Head coach: Kaï Tomety
Tunisia
The squad was announced on 22 June 2022. Neila Chemkhi, Eya Bellaaj, and Meriem Sassi were named in the squad list sent to CAF, but did not travel with the squad due to the Tunisian Football Federation being unwilling to pay for the extra players.
Head coach: Samir Landolsi
Zambia
The squad was announced on 10 June 2022. Barbra Banda withdrew from the squad due to medical reasons. It was rumoured that the medical reasons was a high level of testosterone.
Head coach: Bruce Mwape
Group C
Botswana
The squad was announced on 18 June 2022.
Head coach: Gaoletlhoo Nkutlwisang
Burundi
The squad was announced on 23 June 2022.
Head coach: Gustave Niyonkuru
Nigeria
The squad was announced on 25 June 2022. Chidinma Okeke withdrew from the squad due to injury.
Head coach: Randy Waldrum
South Africa
A preliminary squad was announced on 1 June 2022. The squad was announced on 20 June 2022. Kebotseng Moletsane, Tiisetso Makhubela, and Thubelihle Shamase were on standby, but included in the final squad.
Head coach: Desiree Ellis
Player representation
By club
Clubs with 6 or more players represented are listed.
By club nationality
By club federation
By representatives of domestic league
References
2022 Women's Africa Cup of Nations
Women's Africa Cup of Nation's squads
Aaj Ki Duniya is a 1940 Bollywood film directed by G.P. Pawar. Starring Asha Lata, Trilok Kapoor, Jeevan, S. Nazir, and Vatsala Kumtekar, the film premiered in Bombay on 1 January 1940.
Cast
Nazir
Asha Lata
Trilok Kapoor
Vatsala Kumtekar
Gulab
Jeevan
References
External links
1940 films
1940s Hindi-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
1940 drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Mladen Zeljković (born 18 November 1987) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Montenegrin First League club Dečić.
Career
Zeljković started playing in 2008 at Novi Sad, after which they played for Proleter Novi Sad and Palić. In 2012, they went across the border to play in the Bosnian Premier League with Radnik Bijeljina. They later had stints with Borac Banja Luka and Željezničar.
In 2015, Zeljković went abroad to play in the Canadian Soccer League for Waterloo Region. After a season in Canada, they returned to Radnik in 2016. They won the Bosnian Cup and two Republika Srpska Cups while at the club.
In 2017, they signed with Alashkert of the Armenian Premier League. They featured in the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League against Santa Coloma and BATE Borisov. In the 2017–18 season, Zeljković helped Alashkert to win the league title. In the 2018–19 season, Zeljković won the Armenian Supercup and the 2018–19 Armenian Cup as well. They left Alashkert in December 2019 after their contract with the club expired.
In January 2020, Zeljković came back to Bosnia and Herzegovina and joined Čelik Zenica. They made their official debut for Čelik in a 2–0 league loss against Zrinjski Mostar on 23 February 2020. On 3 July 2020, Zeljković left Čelik and joined Serbian SuperLiga club Napredak Kruševac.
Honours
Radnik Bijeljina
Bosnian Cup: 2015–16
Republika Srpska Cup: 2015–16, 2016–17
Alashkert
Armenian Premier League: 2017–18
Armenian Cup: 2018–19
Armenian Supercup: 2018
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
Association football defenders
RFK Novi Sad 1921 players
FK Proleter Novi Sad players
FK Palić players
FK Radnik Bijeljina players
FK Borac Banja Luka players
FK Željezničar Sarajevo players
SC Waterloo Region players
FC Alashkert players
NK Čelik Zenica players
FK Napredak Kruševac players
FK Dečić players
Serbian First League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Armenian Premier League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Expatriate footballers in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Expatriate footballers in Montenegro
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Serbian expatriates in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian expatriates in Montenegro
Montenegrin First League players
Douglas T. Richert (born June 14, 1960) is an American stock car racing crew chief, who is currently a crew chief for Hattori Racing Enterprises in the NASCAR Xfinity Series.
Career
Richert is best known for winning the Cup championship with Dale Earnhardt in 1980. They started out working for Rod Osterlund as a 16-year-old in 1976. Richert had gone to High School in San Jose with Osterlund's daughter who dated one of their friends, who was interested in racing. Doug got interested in building dirt cars because their friends were, and one thing lead to another. In late 1976 they got the chance to move east with Roland Wlodyka who was forming a Cup team, initially living in a trailer on the property at Charlotte Motor Speedway. Osterlund bought the team in late 1977, and campaigned it with Dave Marcis in 1978, followed by Dale Earnhardt who went on to win the NASCAR Winston Cup Rookie of the Year in 1979. In May 1980, Crew Chief Jake Elder left the team, and Richert who was still 19, replaced him. Richert may have inherited the job in the beginning, but they earned it fair and square when they went on to win the Championship with Earnhardt. Midway through 1981 Osterlund sold their team to J.D. Stacy, and Earnhardt moved to Richard Childress Racing taking Richert with him. At the end of 1981 Doug left to take a position with Junior Johnson. From 1984 to 1986 Richert was the Crew Chief for Neil Bonnett in the No. 12 Budweiser car.
Richert is also the former full-time crew chief for the No. 15 Ford Mustang driven by rookie Timmy Hill and run by Rick Ware Racing in the Nationwide Series. In Cup, they have also been a crew chief for Brian Vickers, Robby Gordon and three seasons with Greg Biffle helping them earn 10 wins. In the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series, Richert served as crew chief for three-time champion Ron Hornaday Jr. and 2003 Rookie of the Year Carl Edwards.
Richert joined BK Racing in 2013, and midway through the season replaced Pat Tryson as crew chief for the team's No. 83 car; at the end of the season they were promoted to the team's director of research and development.
Richert left BK Racing before the 2018 season, and became the crew chief for the No. 78 Mason Mitchell Motorsports team in the ARCA Series. However, MMM shut down mid-year, leaving them without a job until they quickly reunited with Max Tullman (one of the drivers they crew chiefed in ARCA that year) after they started their own new Xfinity team, Tullman-Walker Racing. Richert and Tullman went to Carl Long's MBM Motorsports team in 2019, and there they crew chiefed Tullman in the races they ran with them along with some other drivers as well.
References
External links
Living people
Sportspeople from California
NASCAR crew chiefs
1960 births
Our Colline's a Treasure is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1987 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review awarded the album 3 stars.
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron
"Spaces" — 9:18
"Our Colline's a Treasure" — 6:20
"Ches Pascale" — 5:43
"The Git Go" — 13:27
"Because of You I Live Again" — 7:27
Recorded at Barigozzi Studio in Milan, Italy on April 28 & 30, 1987
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Leonard Jones — bass
Sangoma Everett — drums
References
1987 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
Săceni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Butculești, Ciurari and Săceni.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Bluestonehenge or Bluehenge (also known as West Amesbury Henge) is a prehistoric henge and stone circle monument that was discovered by the Stonehenge Riverside Project about south-east of Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England. All that remains of the site is the ditch of the henge and a series of stone settings, none of which is visible above ground.
Excavations
The site was excavated in August 2008 and again in August 2009; it is considered to be an important find by archaeologists.
Full details of the discovery were published in the 2010 January / February edition of British Archaeology.
Mike Parker Pearson and their team of researchers played a key role in the discovery of this new henge site along the River Avon that links to Stonehenge. This new site was uncovered through excavation during the Stonehenge Riverside Project; it was given the name “Bluestonehenge” or “Bluehenge” because traces of bluestones were found during the excavation.
The term “henge” is often incorrectly thought to mean a circular structure of stones. In fact, henge in archaeology refers to an enclosed structure made of compressed earth, containing a ditch on the inside of the bank, giving the perception of keeping something inside the enclosure, rather than keeping out others. Stonehenge may be improperly named, according to the original archeological definition, as its ditch is located on the outside of the bank.
Initial findings
The monument has been tentatively dated to between about 3000 and 2400 BC. Radiocarbon dating of antler tools found at the site has provided only an approximate date of 2469 to 2286 BC for the dismantling of the stones. Tests on an antler pick found at the bottom of a stonehole have so far failed, due to inadequate collagen in the sample.
Excavation revealed several stone settings that are thought to have been erected some time between 3400-2500 BC, due to two flint chisel arrowheads being found that are in a style commonly used during that period. It is estimated that there may have been as many as 27 stones in a circle in diameter. Charcoal was found in some holes, suggesting that burning may have taken place there. One suggestion is that the henge was a site for cremations. Within the stone circle there were imprints of the bases from the original stones, which have been compared to the bluestones located in Stonehenge and have been found to have matching dimensions.
The name "Bluestonehenge" is derived from the discovery of small stone chips in some of the stone settings. These bluestones are also found in Stonehenge and consist of a wide range of rock types originally from Pembrokeshire, west Wales, some away. Archaeologist Mike Parker Pearson suspects that any bluestones in the circle may have been removed around 2500 BC and incorporated into Stonehenge, which underwent major rebuilding work at about that time.
The stone circle settings were surrounded by a henge, comprising an ditch and outer bank which appears to date from approximately 2400 BC. Unlike Stonehenge, this monument does not appear to have any significant solar or lunar orientations.
Context
The henge is located beside the River Avon in West Amesbury. Immediately beside it is the Avenue, a linear ditch and bank route that leads to Stonehenge. Mike Parker Pearson has suggested that the site may have been used for ceremonial purposes – possibly as a stopping place along a routeway between Durrington Walls and Stonehenge.
It is thought that it was a ceremonial route from an area of life at Durrington Walls, through Bluestonehenge and along the "Stonehenge Avenue", to arrive at the site of an individual's final resting place in Stonehenge. This theory can be supported by the numerous cremation burials (over 200) that have been uncovered during excavation work around Stonehenge. Analysis of these remains also leads researchers to believe it was a ceremony for the wealthier in the region, or of royal lineage, or even for those who helped initiate construction of Stonehenge. This select group of individuals was believed to be male adults who were 25–40 years old and who seemed quite healthy.
Mike Parker Pearson's past experience working with a colleague from Madagascar also helped to shape their theory. They believe that the choice of stone material for Stonehenge is significant. Past civilizations often reserved stone for construction of their ancestors' tombs, while the perishable material, such as the wood used for the Durrington Walls timber circles, was reserved for the living. Parker Pearson believes that Durrington Walls may have been a "land of the living" while Stonehenge (which was Britain's largest known cemetery at the time) was a "domain of the dead".
See also
Excavations at Stonehenge
Theories about Stonehenge
Woodhenge
References
External links
Feature about the digital reconstruction of Bluestonehenge, Digital Digging
Digital reconstruction of Bluestonehenge (downloadable), Digital Digging
Interactive map of Stonehenge Landscape, English Heritage
Sites associated with Stonehenge
4th-millennium BC architecture
Megalithic monuments in England
Henges
Bronze Age sites in Wiltshire
Miloš Tintor (; born August 21, 1986) is a Serbian footballer, playing for FK Loznica.
Born in Knin, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia, they moved to Serbia at a young age and began playing in the youth team of OFK Beograd. In 2000, they moved to FK BSK Borča and debuted as senior in 2003. They later played with lower league clubs PKB Padinska Skela, FK Budućnost Valjevo and FK Železničar Lajkovac before signing with FK Radnički 1923 in the summer of 2010.
References
External links
Miloš Tintor at Utakmica.rs
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Knin
Serbs of Croatia
Serbian footballers
Association football defenders
FK BSK Borča players
FK Budućnost Valjevo players
FK Radnički 1923 players
FK Novi Pazar players
OFK Beograd players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Thomas Edward Ishee (born 1965) is a United States Navy vice admiral who serves as the commander of the United States Sixth Fleet and Naval Striking and Support Forces NATO. They previously served as the director of operations of the United States Strategic Command from August 3, 2020 to July 2022.
Military career
In May 2022, Ishee was nominated for promotion to vice admiral and assignment as commander of the United States Sixth Fleet.
References
External links
|-
1965 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of Georgia alumni
Cockrell School of Engineering alumni
United States submarine commanders
Air War College alumni
United States Navy admirals
The 2018–19 Missouri Valley Conference men's basketball season began with practices in October 2018, followed by the start of the 2018–19 NCAA Division I men's basketball season on November 6, 2018. Conference play began in late December 2018 and concluded in March with the Missouri Valley Conference Tournament at Enterprise Center in St. Louis, Missouri.
Defending regular season and tournament champion Loyola shared the regular season title with Drake at 12-6.
Bradley defeated Northern Iowa in the championship game to win the Missouri Valley Conference Tournament and thereby received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
Bradley received the conference's only bid to the NCAA Tournament and lost to Michigan State in the first round, 76-65. Loyola-Chicago received a bid to the NIT and lost in the first round at Creighton, 70-61.
Drake was the only other conference school that received a bid to a postseason tournament, receiving a bid to the CollegeInsider.com Tournament where they lost in the first round at Southern Utah, 80-73.
Head coaches
Coaching changes
On March 3, 2018, Missouri State announced that head coach Paul Lusk had been fired. They finished with a seven-year record of 106–121. The school announced that former Tennessee State head coach Dana Ford had been named head coach of the Bears on March 21.
On March 13, 2018, Evansville fired head coach Marty Simmons. They finished at Evansville with an 11-year record of 184–175. On March 22, the school hired Boston Celtics assistant coach, former Kentucky player and Evansville native Walter McCarty as head coach.
On March 22, 2018, Drake announced that head coach Niko Medved had accepted the head coaching position at Colorado State, where they had previously served as an assistant. A week after Medved's departure, Drake hired Creighton assistant and Iowa native Darian DeVries for the head coaching job.
Coaches
Notes:
All records, appearances, title, etc. are from time with current school only.
Overall and MVC records are from time at current school and are through the beginning of the season.
Ford, Lottich, and Moser's conference records only includes MVC play, not other conference records.
Preseason
Preseason poll
Source
Preseason All-MVC teams
Source
Regular season
Conference matrix
This table summarizes the head-to-head results between teams in conference play. Each team will play 18 conference games, playing each team twice.
Postseason
Missouri Valley Conference tournament
References
Missouri Valley Conference men's basketball tournament
The Centre for the Study of Medicine and the Body in the Renaissance (CSMBR) is an international institute of advanced studies in the history of medicine and science based at the Domus Comeliana in Pisa. The centre is currently the major Italian institution devoted to the medical humanities.
History
The CSMBR was established in January 2018 after the endowment of the Institutio Santoriana – Fondazione Comel to carry on the scientific legacy of the Italian physician, scientist, inventor and philosopher Santorio Santori (1561-1636), who introduced the quantitative method to medicine and is reputed the father of quantitative experimental physiology, pursuant to the will of Prof. Marcello Comel (1902–1996) founder of the institution.
Location
The premises of the CSMBR are in the Domus Comeliana, former private residence of Marcello Comel, located next to the Leaning Tower in Piazza dei Miracoli.
Organisation
The CSMBR is run by a committee of scholars that works in cooperation with Universities and Research Institutes in Europe and the UK, namely:
the Centre for Medical History (CMH) at the University of Exeter;
the Institute for the History of Medicine of the Jiulius-Maximilians Universität Würzburg;
the Studio Firmano for the History of Medicine and Science.
The founder and current Director of the CSMBR is the intellectual historian Fabrizio Bigotti while the President is the historian of medicine Vivian Nutton.
Mission
The core mission of the CSMBR is to further the values of humanism and the advancement of scientific knowledge as inspired by the intellectual, cultural, and social development of the European Medical Renaissance (1300–1700).
Fundamental Principles
The CSMBR community takes inspiration from the principles of Renaissance Humanism, meant as the commitment to acknowledging, respecting, and developing the human potential proper to each individual. In accordance with these principles, central to the CSMBR academic practice is the recovery and revival of classical tradition while the scholarly work at large is intended to allow each individual to form their own opinion, as freely and independently as possible. As a result, the CSMBR neither seeks nor promotes any direct political goal, being constituted as an independent research institute, open to scholars of any nationality, without discrimination of ethnicity, gender, age, political, religious, or sexual orientation.
Prizes and Publications
The Centre provides awards and travel grants, such as the Santorio Award for Excellence in Research, the Santorio Fellowship for Medical Humanities and Science, while encouraging international cooperation through the biannual VivaMente Conference in the History of Ideas.
In partnership with Palgrave-MacMillan (Springer) the CSMBR sponsors the series Palgrave Studies in Medieval and Early Modern Medicine (PSMEMM) The series focuses on the intellectual tradition of western medicine as related to the philosophies, institutions, practices, and technologies that developed throughout the medieval and early modern period (500-1800). It seeks to explore the range of interactions between various conceptualisations of the body, including their import for the arts (e.g. literature, painting, music, dance, and architecture) and the way different medical traditions overlapped and borrowed from each other. The series hosts contributions Santorio Awardees and is particularly keen on contributions coming from young authors.
External Links
CSMBR website (consulted 2022-09-20).
References
Organisations based in Pisa
Medical humanities
The "Last Post" is either an A or a B♭ bugle call, primarily within British infantry and Australian infantry regiments, or a D or an E♭ cavalry trumpet call in British cavalry and Royal Regiment of Artillery (Royal Horse Artillery and Royal Artillery), and is used at Commonwealth military funerals, and ceremonies commemorating those who have lost their lives in war.
Its duration varies typically from a little over one minute to nearly three minutes. For ceremonial use, the "Last Post" is often followed by "To Rouse", or less frequently the longer "Reveille".
The two regimental traditions have separate music for the call. While the B♭ infantry bugle version is better known, the E♭ cavalry trumpet version is used by the state trumpeters of the Household Cavalry.
Origin and wartime use
The "First Post" call signals the start of the duty officer's inspection of a British Army camp's sentry posts, sounding a call at each one. First published in the 1790s, the "Last Post" call originally signalled merely that the final sentry post had been inspected, and the camp was secure for the night. In addition to its normal garrison use, the "Last Post" call had another function at the close of a day of battle. It signalled to those who were still out and wounded or separated that the fighting was done, and to follow the sound of the call to find safety and rest.
Its use in Remembrance Day ceremonies in Commonwealth nations has two generally unexpressed purposes: the first is an implied summoning of the spirits of the Fallen to the cenotaph, the second is to symbolically end the day, so that the period of silence before the "Rouse" is blown becomes in effect a ritualised night vigil. The "Last Post" as played at the end of inspection typically lasted for about 45 seconds; when played ceremonially with notes held for longer, pauses extended, and the expression mournful, typical duration could be 75 seconds or more.
This custom dates from the 17th century or earlier. It originated with British troops stationed in the Netherlands, where it drew on an older Dutch custom, called taptoe, from which comes the term tattoo as in Military tattoo. The taptoe was also used to signal the end of the day, but originated from a signal that beer taps had to be shut, hence that the day had ended. It comes from the Dutch phrase Doe den tap toe, meaning "Close the tap". The Dutch bugle call Taptoesignaal, now used for remembrance events, is not the same tune as the "Last Post".
The "Last Post" was used by British forces in North America in colonial times, but was replaced by the different "Taps" by the United States Army, first used in 1862 and officially recognized in 1874.
Memorial usage
During the 19th century, the "Last Post" was also carried to the various countries of the British Empire. In all these countries, it has been incorporated into military funerals, where it is played as a final farewell, symbolising the fact that the duty of the dead soldier is over and that they can rest in peace.
"Last Post" is used in public ceremonials commemorating the war dead, particularly on Remembrance Day in the Commonwealth of Nations. In Australia and New Zealand it is also played on Anzac Day, usually before the two-minute silence, which concludes with "The Rouse".
When the post is played during services such as Anzac Day, it is required of all current serving military members to salute for the duration of the call. During services organised by the Royal British Legion, it is expected that no salute is given during the "Last Post" and Silence, as all personnel will have removed head dress as in church service prayer, have heads bowed, weapons inverted, and flags and standards lowered.
In the Republic of Ireland, the "Last Post" as with the Commonwealth is played during memorial services, funerals and commemorations. The difference where the Irish are concerned is that the accompaniment of drums is incorporated into the performance.
In India, Last Post is played at the Amar Jawan Jyoti on Republic Day and Kargil Vijay Diwas (Kargil Victory Day).
Menin Gate
Since 1928, the "Last Post" has been played every evening at 8 p.m. by buglers of the local Last Post Association at the war memorial at Ypres in Belgium known as the Menin Gate, commemorating the British Empire dead at the Battle of Ypres during the First World War. The only exception to this was during the four years of the German occupation of Ypres from 20 May 1940 to 6 September 1944, when the ceremony moved to Brookwood Cemetery in England.
On the evening that Polish forces liberated Ypres, the ceremony was resumed at the Menin Gate, in spite of the heavy fighting still going on in other parts of the town. These buglers or trumpeters, sometimes seen in fire brigade uniform, are members of the fire brigade representing the Last Post Association, who organizes the events. The Last Post Association uses both silver B♭ bugles and E♭ cavalry trumpets, with either British Army tradition being respected during services at the gate.
The Last Post ceremony has now been held more than 30,000 times. On 9 July 2015, a ceremony titled A tribute to the tribute took place to commemorate the 30,000th ceremony.
Other uses
The "Last Post" was incorporated into the finale of Robert Steadman's In Memoriam, a choral work on the subject of remembrance. It is also incorporated into Karl Jenkins's orchestral mass The Armed Man, and in the movement entitled Small Town, in Peter Sculthorpe's 1963 chamber orchestra work The Fifth Continent. A slightly altered version forms part of the slow movement of the Pastoral Symphony of Ralph Vaughan Williams and the ending of Mike Sammes' choral setting of Laurence Binyon's poem For the Fallen.
Robert Graves's poem "The Last Post" describes a soldier's funeral during World War I. Ford Madox Ford used The Last Post as title for part of their tetralogy Parade's End.
In 2015, Lee Kernaghan recorded a version for their album Spirit of the Anzacs.
The Last Post is the title of a theatre play by David Owen Smith and Peter Came performed during Armistice Week at Lincoln Drill Hall, Lincoln in November 2014. The play concerns the Beechey family of Lincoln, UK. Amy Beechey had eight sons who all enlisted to fight during the First World War; only three of them survived. The bugle call is played during the final moments of the play. The play was directed by Janie Smith and performed by people of Lincoln.
British Forces Broadcasting Service radio stations would play the "Last Post" before the National Anthem at closedown.
See also
"Danmarks sidste honnør", the Danish Defence equivalent
"Ich hatt' einen Kameraden" ('I had a comrade'), the German and Austrian equivalent for military funerals
"Il Silenzio" ('Silence'), the Italian equivalent
"La muerte no es el final" ('Death is not the end'), the Spanish Armed Forces equivalent
"Reveille", a bugle call sounded at sunrise
"sonnerie aux morts", the French Armed Forces equivalent
"Taps", the United States Armed Forces equivalent
"To Rouse"
Antoon Verschoot
References
External links
The Last Post Association website relating to the Menin Gate (a recording of "Last Post" can be heard at this website)
Sheet music for the "Last Post" (from an Australian site commemorating ANZAC Day)
Last Post website run by a trumpet player, with music, MIDI files and notes on performance and nomenclature.
"Last Post" played at a ANZAC Day service in New Zealand, Flash sound player, listen online
Recording (WMA) of cavalry version of Last Post, Regimental Band of the Queen's Own Hussars
Bugle calls
Military music
Ceremonies
Funerary bugle calls
Military life
Thiébault Island is a small island which lies next west of Charlat Island in the small group off the south end of Petermann Island in the Wilhelm Archipelago. It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition of 1908–10, and named by Jean-Baptiste Charcot for Mr. Thiébault, then French Minister to Argentina.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Wilhelm Archipelago
Ernie Gehr (born 1941) is an American experimental filmmaker closely associated with the Structural film movement of the 1970s. A self-taught artist, Gehr was inspired to begin making films in the 1960s after chancing upon a screening of a Stan Brakhage film. Gehr's film Serene Velocity (1970) has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. Gehr served as faculty at the San Francisco Art Institute.
The New York Times described Gehr's work as "abstract, beautiful, mysterious, invigorating, utopian" saying they had "embraced [the] Modernist cry, shunning mainstream narrative to make films in which bubbling grain, streaks of color and pulses of light are the main attraction." Their film Essex Street Quartet (2004) was included in the exhibition "The Long Run" at The Museum of Modern Art, New York, from November 11, 2017 to November 4, 2018.
Their films are distributed by Canyon Cinema in San Francisco.
Filmography
Morning (1968)
Wait (1968)
Reverberation (1969)
Transparency (1969)
Field (1970)
Serene Velocity (1970)
Still (1969–1971)
Shift (1972–1974)
Eureka (1974)
Table (1976)
Untitled (1977)
Mirage (1981)
Untitled: Part One (1981)
Signal - Germany on the Air (1982–1985)
Side/Walk/Shuttle (1991)
Rear Window (1986/1991)
This Side of Paradise (1991)
For Daniel (1997)
Glider (2001)
Precarious Garden (2004)
The Morse Code Operator/The Monkey Wrench (2006)
Before The Olympics (2006)
Whispers (2008)
New York Lantern (2008)
References
External links
Interview with Ernie Gehr, MUBI
Ernie Gehr at Canyon Cinema
1941 births
American experimental filmmakers
Living people
San Francisco Art Institute faculty
Artists from Milwaukee
Boris Mavashev (, born 9 May 1939 in Tashkent) is an Israeli seismologist, doctor of geology and ecology, specializing in the geochemical and meteorological precursors of earthquakes.
Early life
Boris Mavashev was born on 9 May 1939 in Tashkent. In 1957, they entered the Tashkent state university, majoring in physics and technology. In 1962, they graduated and started working as a teacher of physics and electrical engineering at the university level.
Early studies
In 1965, Mavashev started full-time work at the Scientific Research Institute of Health Resorts in Tashkent to study the health resorts potential of Uzbekistan. At the physics laboratory there, they began studying the radioactivity of radium and radon, the electric conductivity, and the micro-constituent composition of therapeutic underground waters of Uzbekistan. They published scientific articles about radon waters and the variations in concentration in the mineral water of Tashkent in connection with the devastating Tashkent earthquake on 26 April 1966. They discovered the radon precursors of earthquakes; this method for the predicting of earthquakes was adopted by scientists in many countries.
In 1971, Mavashev successfully completed and defended their Ph.D. thesis. In 1977 they were awarded a State Prize and the Discovery Diploma 129. From 1975 to 1990, they worked as a senior scientific worker and head of the laboratory for studying the air basin ecology at the Central Asiatic Hydro-Meteorological institute and the Automobile Institute.
Study of earthquakes
On 4 April 1990, Mavashev and their family moved to Jerusalem. They joined the Machon Lev Technological Institute and at the Holon Institute of Technology.
They cooperated with the Institute of Geophysics and the Institute of Geology.
During the next 20 years, they prepared and submitted more than 15 scientific projects and published over 25 scientific studies in Israel, the US, Japan, and other countries. These were largely concerned with the topical contemporary problems of the prediction of earthquakes, and global climatic change and its connection with the activated seismicity on the Earth.
They worked on the patent application on the subject “Method for the prediction of earthquakes”.
 They are an active member of the New York Academy of Sciences.
Global climate change
In 2004, Mavashev created the non-profit organization Center of science and education of Repatriates. Mavashev wrote a report on global climate warming and earthquakes.
Publications
Mavashev has published over 70 scientific papers on radioactivity of ground water, and the interconnections of global climate warming with earthquakes.
1967. "The portent of a strong tectonic earthquake", with co-authors, USSR Acad. of Sc. v 176
1969. "The effect of the after-shocks of the Tashkent earthquake on the changes of the thermal water of the Tashkent artesian basin", Medicine
1970. "The portent of the Tashkent earthquake", with co-authors, FAN publishers
1991. "Geochemical and meteorological aspects of earthquake prediction", Israel Geological Society, Akko
1992. "Meteorological precursors of earthquake. Earthquake, Weather and Ecology", 2nd International Conference on Asian Marine Geology, Tokyo
1993. "Automated control system of eco-geodynamical processes for earthquake prediction", 25th International Symposium on Remote sensing and Global Environmental Change, Michigan, USA
1996. "About interrelation between meteorological and seismic-tectonics processes and earthquake prediction", The Israel Mineral Science and Engineering Association, Syhron Yaqov, Israel
1999. "Method of Earthquakes Prediction and Automated Geo-monitoring System", Interdisciplinary Annual Seminar, Geological Features of Underground Water Resources of Israel and Middle East Countries, Jerusalem
2000. "Earthquake prediction. Buildings and Seismic Problems of Israel", Technion, Haifa, Israel
2002. "Meteorological Indicators of the Earthquakes", XXIII General Assembly of the International Union of Geodesy and Geophysics, Sapporo, Japan
2004. "The Weather Anomalies and Earthquake Prediction", seminar of the scientific association "ECOST" and Ministry of Ecology, Ministry of Absorption and scientific forum of repatriates, Jerusalem 2004.
2005. "Weather Anomalies and Earthquakes", Engineering Center Immigrants Sharon, Ideas, Projects and Technology, No.4, Israel
2006. "The quantum physics Paradox and Earthquake", Eng. Cen. Immig.. Sharon Ideas, Projects, and Technol.,No.5, Israel* 2007. "Method for Earthquake Prediction", Patent Application No 16790/2, Israel, and ECOST, 10th Annual Ecological Immigrant Scientist Conference, Jerusalem
2008. "Global Warming and Earthquakes", The ECOST 11th Annual Ecolog. Sci. Conference, Jerusalem
2010. "On the 20th anniversary of the repatriation to Israel", Conference in Honor of the Contribution of Immigrant Scientists to the Advancement of Science and Awarding of Prizes to Outstanding Scientists, Tel-Aviv University
2010. "The Anomalous Hottest Summer of 2010 and Earthquakes", The House of Scientists by Weizmann Institute of Science at the Rehovot,
2011. " The Forecast Materializes again", The House of Scientists by Weizmann Institute of Science at the Rehovot, Internet Site: rehes.org
2011. "Global Changes of the Climate and Causes", The 39th Conference of the Israel Society of Ecology and Environmental Sciences, Israel
References
. ^Journal=Living Science, volume 001, Dr. Boris Mavashev, 2003 International Bibliographical Centre London, pages 264-266
. ^ Diploma of Discovery 129, group= Phenomena of chemical composition changes of subsurface waters by earthquake, 1973. USSR Register of Discoveries, Moscow, pages=2
. ^ Ochildie, David, Robert Pinkhasov, Iosif Kalontarov, A history and culture of the Bukharian Jews, Club Roshnoy Light, & authors, 2007 page 251
.^ Soviet bloc research in geophysics, astronomy, and space issues 203/210, page 52, United States Publications Research Service 1969
.^ Soil radon monitoring in the Krko Basin, Slovenia/Elsevier
.^ "Geochemical monitoring of thermal waters in Slovenia: relationships to cosmic activity" by Z.Zmazek, F. Italiano, M. Zivic, J.Vaupolic and I.Kobal and G. Martinelli. Journal: Applied Radiation and Isotopes, Volume 57, issue 6, December 2002, pages 919/930,
Living people
Seismologists
1939 births
Jerusalem College of Technology faculty
George Myles Cordell Fisher (born 1940 in Anna, Illinois) is an American business executive. They served as the chief executive officer and chairperson of Eastman Kodak Company from 1993 to 2000. Prior to joining Kodak, Fisher worked at Motorola, Inc. from 1976 to 1993 and was named president and chief executive officer in 1988 and chairperson and CEO in 1990. Prior to joining Motorola, George was involved in research and development at Bell Laboratories for ten years. Fisher retired as a senior advisor at Kohlberg Kravis Roberts after serving from 2003 to 2014.
Early life and education
Fisher was born on November 30, 1940, in Anna, Illinois. They graduated with a B.S. in engineering from the University of Illinois in 1962 where they were a member of Phi Delta Theta fraternity. They received their M.S. in engineering in 1964 and a PhD in applied mathematics in 1966, both from Brown University.
Career
At the Eastman Kodak Company, Fisher was recognized for leadership in electronic communications and corporate management. Fisher is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, having served two terms as chairperson from 2000 to 2004, and is a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
During Fisher's tenure at Kodak, the company competed against Japanese markets and the rise of digital cameras. While director, Fisher claimed that Fujifilm had “rigged” Japanese markets and urged the US government to restrict trade with Japan to help Kodak in the US. Fisher also oversaw the development of APS film which proved to be a failure with consumers.
 They are a past member of the boards of AT&T, American Express Company, Comcast Corporation, Delta Air Lines, Inc., Eastman Kodak Company, Eli Lilly & Company, General Motors Corporation, Hughes Electronics Corporation, Motorola, Inc., Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing, and Brown University. They were also chairperson of PanAmSat Corporation from 2004 to 2006.
Fisher is a past member of the United States-China Business Council, serving as chairperson from 1997 to 1999; and a member of the U.S. Council on Competitiveness, serving as chairperson from 1990 to 1993. Fisher was chairperson of the Industry Policy Advisory Committee (IPAC) for the U.S. Trade Representative and the U.S. Secretary of Commerce. They were an appointed member of the President's Advisory Council for Trade Policy and Negotiations from 1993 to 2002 serving under both Presidents Clinton and George W. Bush.  They are a former member of the Advisory Board of Allianz International in Germany, an emeritus member of the Singapore Economic Development Board's International Advisory Council, and a former member of the Tsinghua University Executive Education Advisory Board in China. They were a member of the Board of The National Urban League, Inc. and the University of Illinois Foundation, where they served as chairperson from 1997 to 1999.
References
External links
George M.C. Fisher Forbes article.
George M.C. NY Times article.
George M.C. Fisher profile at Engineering at Illinois.
1940 births
American chief executives
University of Illinois alumni
Brown University School of Engineering alumni
Living people
Members of the United States National Academy of Engineering
Kodak people
Motorola employees
Gadsby Lake is a lake in Alberta, Canada.
Gadsby Lake has the name of James Gadsby, a pioneer citizen.
See also
List of lakes of Alberta
References
Lakes of Alberta
Brigadier-General Richard Smith (baptised 1734 – 3 July 1803) was Commander-in-Chief, India of the East India Company (Bengal).
Early life
They were the eldest son of John Smith, cheesemonger, of Jermyn Street, St. James's, in what is now central London.
Military career
They served in India as an ensign in the Madras Army in 1752, rising to the rank of captain. In 1761 returned to London and became a prominent shareholder in the East India Company.
When they went out to India again in 1764 it was as Colonel of one of the East India Company's three brigades. In 1767 they were promoted to Commander-in-Chief, India. They were made Brigadier-General in 1768 before retiring in 1770.
Political career
In 1774 they went into politics and was briefly elected to Parliament as the member for Hindon, Wiltshire, by spending 15 guineas per vote. On petition the election was declared void due to bribery by the winning candidates. They and their fellow candidate, Thomas Brand Hollis, were prosecuted, fined one thousand marks, and imprisoned for six months. In a rerun of the election Brand Hollis withdrew their name but Smith was re-elected.
They later served as MP for Wendover in 1780 and as MP for Wareham in 1790. They were appointed High Sheriff of Berkshire for 1779–80.
They became notorious as a nabob, one of the Englishmen returned from India with considerable wealth, and may have served as a "type" for Samuel Foote's 1772 play of that title. They were satirically attacked by a Captain Joseph Price and a portrait of them appeared opposite that of Elizabeth Armistead (one of the favourite courtesans, and eventually the wife, of Charles James Fox) in Town and Country Magazine. They gambled huge amounts, on horses and at cards, and is said to have lost heavily to Fox.
Family and descendants
They lived at Chiltern Lodge near Hungerford in Berkshire. In 1756 they married Amelia Hopkins, the daughter of master mariner Captain Charles Hopkins. Their Oxford Dictionary of National Biography entry says only that the couple had a son and a daughter, without naming them. The History of Parliament contains a biography both for him, stating that in 1780 they purchased a seat at Wendover for an unnamed son, and for a John Mansell Smith, which says they were the only son of Richard Smith.
References
|-
|-
1734 births
1803 deaths
People from Westminster
People from Hungerford
Madras Staff Corps officers
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British Commanders-in-Chief of India
British MPs 1774–1780
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1790–1796
British East India Company Army generals
High Sheriffs of Berkshire
Military personnel from London
British politicians convicted of crimes
WXRV (92.5 FM; "The River") is an adult album alternative radio station licensed to Andover, Massachusetts, and based in Haverhill, with a signal covering most of northeast Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire, and audible as far away as Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Background
The station's slogan is "Independent Radio", proclaiming its status as being a single station separate from the large mass-media conglomerates such as iHeartMedia and Entercom with freedom from the idea of corporate playlists and national content. This enables WXRV to play a very wide variety of music, ranging from blues and folk to contemporary alternative and classic rock, as well as songs from numerous local musicians and lesser-known musical acts.
Despite the station's transmitter location, WXRV attempts to primarily serve the Greater Boston area; its signal also reaches into the nearby Manchester and Portsmouth markets. To overcome signal issues near Boston, the station applied for four on-channel booster stations in the Boston and MetroWest areas in August 2015.
The studios are still located in Haverhill, in the original WHAV art deco building. The current station inherited a facility on the top floor of its studio now called the River Music Hall, which was designed for broadcasting live performances in the pre-rock era, and is used today to broadcast live performances and to record performances for later broadcast. In 2007, their studio location began using photo-voltaic solar power for a portion of the station's power consumption, making it one of the few such solar-powered radio stations in the world at the time.
Starting in 2001 the River began its Riverfest Festival each summer. It is held in Newburyport, Massachusetts, and has had performers such as Matt Nathanson, Eric Hutchinson, Fastball, Barenaked Ladies, Anderson East, Phillip Phillips, and the Sam Roberts Band appear.
As of 2021, WXRV has a four person on-air staff who share weekday and weekend duties: Dana Marshall, AJ Crosby, Annalisa Pop, and Graeme Bentley.
Broadcast history
Originating in 1947 as WHAV, an AM station in Haverhill, an FM station was founded in 1948, but went dark in the early 1950s. The FM station was restored on its current frequency in 1959, it became soft rock-formatted WLYT (Lite 92.5) in 1983, and gained its current identity as WXRV on August 1, 1995, presumably taking the River moniker from the nearby Merrimack River (though with its wider reach, it uses Boston's Charles River for publicity purposes), but some say that the "river" moniker is for its diverse format of music that winds back and forth flowing like a river.
WLKC (105.7 FM), licensed to Campton, New Hampshire, simulcast WXRV from 1999 until 2021. For a brief time during 2012–13, the station was programmed separately (though retaining the "River" branding and AAA format), before returning to the WXRV simulcast. In 2014, Northeast Broadcasting acquired a second New Hampshire station, WWHK (102.3 FM) in Concord; that station began broadcasting WXRV programming on May 2, 2014, though WWHK broadcasts separate news, weather, and advertising. Later that month, WXRV added a translator in Needham, Massachusetts, W243DC (96.5 FM). On March 28, 2016, WWHK changed its call letters to WXRG.
From April 2008 until May 2014, WXRV simulcast in the northwest part of Central Massachusetts on WFNX (99.9 FM), licensed to Athol, Massachusetts, which itself was rebroadcast on daytime station WWBZ (700 AM) in Orange and Athol starting in late 2011. The WFNX call letters were previously used by an alternative rock station in Boston owned by the Boston Phoenix, first on 101.7 FM (now WBWL) and later as an Internet radio station; Northeast Broadcasting acquired the call letters in April 2013 after that station shut down along with the Phoenix. Before then, the station had been known as WXRG, while WWBZ was known as WTUB until April 2014. WFNX and WWBZ dropped the WXRV simulcast in May 2014 and began stunting with a wide range of music while preparing to launch new formats for the stations on June 9, with listeners being asked to vote on which of the songs being played should be included in the new formats. In May 2016, WFNX announced that it would end the variety hits format after May 29, 2016 and return to simulcasting WXRV, citing a lack of advertiser support, in its announcement, WFNX said it needed ten businesses to advertise on the stations on an annual basis to cover their operations costs. WFAT (the former WWBZ) concurrently announced that it would also resume a simulcast of WXRV, but continued to broadcast its oldies format until Northeast Broadcasting sold it to Saga Communications in January 2019 (the station is now WPVQ). WFNX continued simulcasting WXRV until 2020, when it was sold to the Educational Media Foundation and became K-Love station WKMY.
For several months after Northeast Broadcasting acquired WKBR (1250 AM) in Manchester, New Hampshire in 1997, that station offered a temporary simulcast of WXRV. The station is now separately-owned WGAM.
See also
WLKC — 105.7 FM, "River" affiliate station, licensed to Campton, New Hampshire
References
External links
WHAV History
XRV
XRV
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1959
Mass media in Essex County, Massachusetts
Andover, Massachusetts
Haverhill, Massachusetts
1959 establishments in Massachusetts
Hallerndorf is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Forchheim (district)
Dongguang Station is a metro station in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 6 and Line 8.
Gallery
References
Chengdu Metro stations
Railway stations in China opened in 2020
Ulrich Lange (born 6 June 1969) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2009.
Political career
Born in Meran, Lange became a member of the Bundestag in the 2009 German federal election, representing the Donau-Ries constituency. In parliament, they served on Committee on Economic Affairs and Technology (2009-2013), the Committee on Labour and Social Affairs (2009-2013) and the Committee on Transport (2009-2017). From 2014 until 2017, they were their parliamentary group's spokesperson on transport.
In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Lange was part of the working group on transport and infrastructure, led by Michael Kretschmer, Alexander Dobrindt and Sören Bartol. Since early 2018, they have been serving as deputy chairperson of the CDU/CSU parliamentary group, under the leadership of successive chairpeople Volker Kauder (2018) and Ralph Brinkhaus (since 2018).
Other activities
Augsburg University of Applied Sciences, Member of the Board of Trustees
Federal Network Agency for Electricity, Gas, Telecommunications, Posts and Railway (BNetzA), Alternate Member of the Rail Infrastructure Advisory Council (since 2014)
Deutsche Flugsicherung (DFS), Member of the Advisory Board (2014-2018)
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1969 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
People from Merano
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Xhosa (, ) also isiXhosa as an endonym, is a Nguni language and one of the official languages of South Africa and Zimbabwe. Xhosa is spoken as a first language by approximately 8.2 million people and by another 11 million as a second language in South Africa, mostly in Eastern Cape, Western Cape, Gauteng and Northern Cape. It has perhaps the heaviest functional load of click consonants in a Bantu language (approximately tied with Yeyi), with one count finding that 10% of basic vocabulary items contained a click.
Classification
Xhosa is part of the branch of Nguni languages, which also include Zulu, Southern Ndebele and Northern Ndebele. Nguni languages effectively form a dialect continuum of variously mutually intelligible varieties.
Xhosa is, to some extent, mutually intelligible with Zulu and with other Nguni languages to a lesser extent. Nguni languages are, in turn, classified under the much larger abstraction of Bantu languages.
Geographical distribution
Xhosa is the most widely distributed African language in South Africa, though the most widely spoken African language is Zulu. It is the second most common Bantu home language in South Africa as a whole. approximately 5.3 million Xhosa-speakers, the majority, live in the Eastern Cape, followed by the Western Cape (approximately 2 million), Gauteng (671,045), the Free State (246,192), KwaZulu-Natal (219,826), North West (214,461), Mpumalanga (46,553), the Northern Cape (51,228), and Limpopo (14,225). There is a small but significant Xhosa community of about 200,000 in Zimbabwe. Also, a small community of Xhosa speakers (18,000) live in Quthing District, Lesotho.
Dialects
Dialects noted by Maho (2009) are Mpondo (or 'Pondo'), Xesibe, Bomwana, Gaika, Gcaleka, Thembu, Mpondomise, Ndlambe and Hlubi in former Ciskei (not to be confused with the closely related Hlubi language).
Orthography
Latin script
The Xhosa language employs 26 letters from the Latin alphabet. However, some of the letters have a different pronunciation than in English. Additional phonemes use sequences of multiple letters. Tone, stress and vowel length are not indicated.
Phonology
Vowels
Xhosa has an inventory of ten vowels: , , , and written a, e, i, o and u in order, all occurring in both long and short. The /i/ vowel is long in the penultimate syllable and short in the last syllable.
Tones
Xhosa is a tonal language with two inherent phonemic tones: low and high. Tones are rarely marked in the written language, but they can be indicated a , á , â , ä . Long vowels are phonemic but are usually not written except for â and ä, which are each sequences of two vowels with different tones that are realized as long vowels with contour tones (â high–low = falling, ä low–high = rising).
Consonants
Xhosa is rich in uncommon consonants. Besides pulmonic egressive sounds, which are found in all spoken languages, it has a series of ejective stops and one implosive stop.
It has 18 click consonants (in comparison, Juǀ'hoan, spoken in Botswana and Namibia, has 48, and Taa, with roughly 4,000 speakers in Botswana, has 83). There is a series of six dental clicks, represented by the letter ⟨c⟩, similar to the sound represented in English by "tut-tut" or "tsk-tsk"; a series of six alveolar lateral clicks, represented by the letter ⟨x⟩, similar to the sound used to call horses; and a series of alveolar clicks, represented by the letter ⟨q⟩, that sound somewhat like a cork pulled from a bottle.
The following table lists the consonant phonemes of the language, with the pronunciation in IPA on the left and the orthography on the right:
Two additional consonants, and , are found in borrowings. Both are spelled r.
Two additional consonants, and , are found in borrowings. Both are spelled zh.
Two additional consonants, and , are found in loans. Both are spelled dz, as the sound [d̥zʱ].
An additional consonant, is found in loans. It is spelled ngh.
The onset cluster /kl/ from phonologized loanwords such as ikliniki "the clinic" can be realized as a single consonant [kʟ̥ʼ].
The unwritten glottal stop is present in words like uku(ʔ)ayinela "to iron", uku(ʔ)a(ʔ)aza "to stutter", uku(ʔ)amza "to stall".
In informal writing, this murmured consonant can sometimes be seen spelled as vh as in ukuvha, but this is non-standard.
Sequences of /jw/ as in ukushiywa "abandomnent" are phonologically realized [ɥ], but this sound is non-phonemic.
In addition to the ejective affricate , the spelling tsh may also be used for either of the aspirated affricates and .
The breathy voiced glottal fricative is sometimes spelled h.
The ejectives tend to be ejective only in careful pronunciation or in salient positions and, even then, only for some speakers. Otherwise, they tend to be tenuis (plain) stops. Similarly, the tenuis (plain) clicks are often glottalised, with a long voice onset time, but that is uncommon.
The murmured clicks, plosives and affricates are only partially voiced, with the following vowel murmured for some speakers. That is, da may be pronounced (or, equivalently, ). They are better described as slack voiced than as breathy voiced. They are truly voiced only after nasals, but the oral occlusion is then very short in stops, and it usually does not occur at all in clicks. Therefore, the absolute duration of voicing is the same as in tenuis stops. (They may also be voiced between vowels in some speaking styles.) The more notable characteristic is their depressor effect on the tone of the syllable.
Consonant changes with prenasalisation
When consonants are prenasalised, their pronunciation and spelling may change. The murmur no longer shifts to the following vowel. Fricatives become affricated and, if voiceless, they become ejectives as well: mf is pronounced , ndl is pronounced , n+hl becomes ntl , n+z becomes ndz , n+q becomes [n͡ŋǃʼ] etc. The orthographic b in mb is the voiced plosive . Prenasalisation occurs in several contexts, including on roots with the class 9 prefix /iN-/, for example on an adjective which is feature-matching its noun:
/iN- + ɬɛ/ → [intɬɛ] "beautiful" (of a class 9 words like inja "dog")
When aspirated clicks (ch, xh, qh) are prenasalised, the silent letter k is added (nkc, nkx, nkq) to prevent confusion with the nasal clicks nc, nx, nq, and are actually distinct sounds. The prenasalized versions have a very short voicing at the onset which then releases in an ejective, like the prenasalized affricates, while the phonemically nasal clicks have a very long voicing through the consonant. When plain voiceless clicks (c, x, q) are prenasalized, they become slack voiced nasal (ngc, ngx, ngq).
Consonant changes with palatalisation
Palatalisation is a change that affects labial consonants whenever they are immediately followed by . While palatalisation occurred historically, it is still productive, as is shown by palatalization before the passive suffix /-w/ and before diminutive suffix /-ana/. This process can skip rightwards to non-local syllables (i.e. uku-sebenz-is-el + wa -> ukusetyenziselwa "be used for"), but does not affect morpheme-initial consonants (i.e. uku-bhal+wa -> ukubhalwa "to be written", instead of illicit *ukujalwa). The palatalization process only applies once, as evidenced by ukuphuphumisa+wa -> ukuphuphunyiswa "to be made to overflow", instead of the illicit alternative, *ukuphutshunyiswa.
Morphology
In keeping with many other Bantu languages, Xhosa is an agglutinative language, with an array of prefixes and suffixes that are attached to root words. As in other Bantu languages, nouns in Xhosa are classified into morphological classes, or genders (15 in Xhosa), with different prefixes for both singular and plural. Various parts of speech that qualify a noun must agree with the noun according to its gender. Agreements usually reflect part of the original class with which the word agrees. The word order is subject–verb–object, like in English.
The verb is modified by affixes to mark subject, object, tense, aspect and mood. The various parts of the sentence must agree in both class and number.
Nouns
The Xhosa noun consists of two essential parts, the prefix and the stem. Using the prefixes, nouns can be grouped into noun classes, which are numbered consecutively, to ease comparison with other Bantu languages.
The following table gives an overview of Xhosa noun classes, arranged according to singular-plural pairs.
1 Before monosyllabic stems, e.g. (eye), (list).
2 is- and iz- replace isi- and izi- respectively before stems beginning with a vowel, e.g. / (hand/hands).
3 The placeholder N in the prefixes iN- and iiN- is a nasal consonant which assimilates in place to the following consonant (producing an im- before vowels), but is typically absent in loanwords.
4 Before monosyllabic stems in some words.
Verbs
Verbs use the following prefixes for the subject and object:
Examples
ukudlala – to play
ukubona – to see
umntwana – a child
abantwana – children
umntwana uyadlala – the child is playing
abantwana bayadlala – the children are playing
indoda – a man
amadoda – men
indoda iyambona umntwana – the man sees the child
amadoda ayababona abantwana – the men see the children
Sample phrases and text
The following is a list of phrases that can be used when one visits a region whose primary language is Xhosa:
History
Xhosa-speaking people have inhabited coastal regions of southeastern Africa since before the 16th century. They refer to themselves as the amaXhosa and their language as isiXhosa. Ancestors of the Xhosa migrated to the east coast of Africa and came across Khoisan-speaking people; "as a result of this contact, the Xhosa people borrowed some Khoisan words along with their pronunciation, for instance, the click sounds of the Khoisan languages". The Bantu ancestor of Xhosa did not have clicks, which attests to a strong historical contact with a Khoisan language that did. An estimated 15% of Xhosa vocabulary is of Khoisan origin. In the modern period, it has also borrowed, slightly, from both Afrikaans and English.
John Bennie was a Scottish Presbyterian missionary and early Xhosa linguist. Bennie, along with John Ross (another missionary), set up a printing press in the Tyhume Valley and the first printed works in Xhosa came out in 1823 from the Lovedale Press in the Alice region of the Eastern Cape. But, as with any language, Xhosa had a rich history of oral traditions from which the society taught, informed, and entertained one another. The first Bible translation was in 1859, produced in part by Henry Hare Dugmore.
Role in modern society
The role of indigenous languages in South Africa is complex and ambiguous. Their use in education has been governed by legislation, beginning with the Bantu Education Act, 1953.
At present, Xhosa is used as the main language of instruction in many primary schools and some secondary schools, but is largely replaced by English after the early primary grades, even in schools mainly serving Xhosa-speaking communities. The language is also studied as a subject.
The language of instruction at universities in South Africa is English or Afrikaans (to a diminishing extent), and Xhosa is taught as a subject, both for native and for non-native speakers.
Literary works, including prose and poetry, are available in Xhosa, as are newspapers and magazines. The South African Broadcasting Corporation broadcasts in Xhosa on both radio (on Umhlobo Wenene FM) and television, and films, plays and music are also produced in the language. The best-known performer of Xhosa songs outside South Africa was Miriam Makeba, whose Click Song #1 (Xhosa Qongqothwane) and "Click Song #2" (Baxabene Ooxam) are known for their large number of click sounds.
, the literacy rate for first-language Xhosa speakers was estimated at 50%.
Anthem
Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika is part of the national anthem of South Africa, national anthem of Tanzania and Zambia, and the former anthem of Zimbabwe and Namibia. It is a Methodist hymn written in Xhosa by Enoch Sontonga in 1897. The original stanza was:
Nkosi, sikelel' iAfrika;
Maluphakamis' uphondo lwayo;
Yiva imithandazo yethu
Nkosi sikelela, thina lusapho lwayo.
Lord, bless Africa;
May their horn rise high up;
Hear Thou our prayers
Lord, bless us, its family (,the family of Africa).
Additional stanzas were written later by Sontonga and other writers, with the original verse translated into Sotho and Afrikaans, as well as English.
In popular culture
Rafiki, the sage mandrill chants Xhosa on The Lion King and its reboot.
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Captain America: Civil War, Black Panther, and Avengers: Infinity War, the language spoken in the fictional African nation of Wakanda is Xhosa. This came about because South African actor John Kani, a native of the Eastern Cape province who plays Wakandan King T'Chaka, speaks Xhosa and suggested that the directors of the fictional Civil War incorporate a dialogue in the language. For Black Panther, director Ryan Coogler "wanted to make it a priority to use Xhosa as much as possible" in the script, and provided dialect coaches for the film's actors.
See also
I'solezwe lesiXhosa, the first Xhosa-language newspaper
U-Carmen eKhayelitsha, a 2005 Xhosa film adaptation of Bizet's Carmen
UCLA Language Materials Project, an online project for teaching languages, including Xhosa.
Xhosa calendar
Notes
References
External links
Xhosa language profile (at UCLA Language Materials Project)
PanAfrican L10n page on Xhosa
Learn Xhosa
Xhosa basic lexicon at the Global Lexicostatistical Database
Paradisec has a collection of Arthur Capell's materials (AC1), which include Xhosa language materials
Learn Xhosa App
Language
Nguni languages
Subject–verb–object languages
Languages of South Africa
Click languages
Marianna Bronislawa Barbara Palka (born 7 September 1981) is a Scottish actor, producer, director, and writer.  They are the writer, director and star of the film Good Dick, which screened at the Sundance Film Festival.
Early life and education
Palka was born in Glasgow, Scotland. At the age of 17, Palka moved to New York City to study at the Atlantic Theater Company.
Career
Palka wrote, directed and starred in Good Dick, which competed in the Dramatic Competition at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. The film also featured Jason Ritter, Martin Starr, Mark Webber, Charles Durning and Tom Arnold. The New York Times said the film "surmounts its indie-movie quirkiness with exceptional acting and a sincere belief in the salvation of its wounded characters.” Palka returned to 2010 Sundance Film Festival as a Juror with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Palka appeared in Peter Mullan's Neds, Jeremiah Jones' Restive, Bryce Dallas Howard's When You Find Me, Nathan Sutton's Autumn Wanderer and Sylvia Sether's King of Norway. In 2014, Palka produced and was the subject of the HBO Lucy Walker documentary The Lion's Mouth Opens, which follows the process of Palka discovering they have inherited the genetic mutation that causes Huntington's disease, and which was nominated for an Emmy Award and shortlisted for an Academy Award nomination. Palka made a cameo in the HBO series Girls as Jessa's (Jemima Kirke) sister. As of 2017, Palka appears as Reggie 'Vicky the Viking' Walsh in the Netflix series G.L.O.W .
Palka wrote, directed and starred in Bitch, based on a true story from Scottish doctor R.D. Laing of a mother acting like a dog after a psychotic break. The film made its round in film festivals around the world, after its world premiere at 2017 Sundance Film Festival. In 2017, Palka directed the feature film EGG starring Christina Hendricks, Alysia Reiner and Anna Camp and produced by Michele Ganeless.
Theater
In 2010, Palka performed in Love, Loss, and What I Wore at The Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles. In 2012, they were in The Ensemble Theater in Santa Barbara, California, reading of The Good Soldier. They appeared in Martin McDonagh's The Lonesome West at the Actor's Gang Theatre, Los Angeles, and in Conor McPherson's Dublin Carol at the Ensemble Theatre Company.
Awards
20YY: Annenberg Film Fellowship
2008: Sundance Film Festival – Grand Jury Prize, Dramatic (nominee) for Good Dick
2008: Edinburgh International Film Festival – New Director's Award for Good Dick
2010: Sundance Film Festival, Alfred P. Sloan Award
2016: News & Documentary Emmy Awards – Outstanding Short Documentary (nominee) for The Lion's Mouth Opens
2017: Fantasia Film Festival – Cheval Noir award for Best Screenplay for Bitch
2017: Neuchâtel International Fantastic Film Festival – Narcisse Award, Best Film (nominee) for Bitch
Filmography
Creator
1990s: By My Very Self (Short)
1990s: For My American Friends (Short)
2008: Good Dick – as The Woman; producer, director, writer
2014: I'm the Same – as Skye; co-producer, director, writer
2014: The Lion's Mouth Opens (Documentary short) – as herself; producer, writer
2015: Always Worthy – as Genevieve; producer, director, writer
2016: Heirloom (Short) – as Maid Ivy; writer
2017: Bitch – as Jill Hart; director, writer
2018: Egg – director
Actor
2001: Earth Day (Short) – as Gail (voice)
2006: Orchids (Short) – as Girl's Feet
2007: Drunk History (TV series) – as Martha Washington (1 episode: "Drunk History Vol. 3: Featuring Danny McBride")
2007: Derek and Simon (TV series short) – as Sophie (2 episodes)
2009: Betty File 43 (Short)
2010: Neds – as Aunt Beth
2010: Modern Romance (Short)
2011: Insane (Short) – as Marianna
2011: Restive – as Jeva
2011: When You Find Me (Short) – as Joanne
2012: Spoonful (Short) – as Vivian
2013: Autumn Wanderer – as Audrey
2013: King of Norway (Short) – as Liv Skaarsguard
2013: The Price We Pay (Short) – as Hot Chick
2013: Slice (Short) – as Radio Newscaster
2014: First Kiss (Short) – as Soko's Kisser
2015: pantsuits (Short) – as Joanne
2015: Scottish Mussel – as Fiona
2015: Contracted: Phase II – as Crystal Young
2015: Oh Gallow Lay (Short)
2015: Forever – as Kate
2016: Girls (TV series) (TV show) – as Minerva (1 episode: "Queen for Two Days")
2017–19: GLOW (TV series) – as Reggie Walsh (23 episodes)
2017: We Are Boats – as Marko
2017: Mississippi Requiem – as Emily Grierson
2018: The Adventures of Thomasina Sawyer – as Aunt Polly
Theater
2006: Dublin Carol by Conor McPherson at the Ensemble Theatre Company
2010: Love, Loss, and What I Wore at The Geffen Playhouse, Los Angeles
2012: The Good Soldier reading at The Ensemble Theater, Santa Barbara, California
2000s: The Lonesome West by Martin McDonagh at The Actors' Gang Theatre, Los Angeles
Sources
External links
Living people
1981 births
Scottish film actores
Scottish people of Polish descent
Actresses from Glasgow
Scottish women film directors
Scottish film producers
Writers from Glasgow
Scottish screenwriters
Scottish women photographers
Scottish television actores
Scottish stage actores
21st-century Scottish actores
21st-century women photographers
21st-century British screenwriters
21st-century Scottish women writers
British women screenwriters
Allalom Music was an American independent record label founded in 2001. It mainly released indie pop and alternative music. Founded in Redmond, Oregon, it had its headquarters in South Texas before moving back to Portland, Oregon in the fall of 2005. On January 15, 2010 the label announced their closure.
Artists
Agents of Future (2007–2010)
The Beauty (2008–2010)
Christopher & The Lion (2007–2008)
Jared Colinger (2004–2007)
Daddyboy (2006–2010)
Daniel Folmer (2007–2010)
Mansic (2004–2005)
Pacifico (2006–2010)
The Red Balloons (2006)
Seven Dynasties of Glass Children (2004–2008)
Yes, You Are Ferocious! (2008–2010)
Distributed artists
Deep Mosey
The Kingdom Is Moving!
Monday In London
Notable artists
The Broadway Hush
The Cloves
The Divorce
Dolour
Kat Jones
Pilgrims
The Professional Americans
Sacha Sacket
Tess Wiley
Albums
Official
Mansic - The Loving Father (AM-002, Summer 2004)
Jared Colinger - Favourite Hallucination EP (AM-004, Summer 2006)
Pacifico - Anthology (AM-005, Winter 2006)
Pacifico - Side B:Rarities & Covers (AM-005B, Winter 2006)
Daddyboy - A Lovely Day (AM-006, Spring 2007)
Jared Colinger - Light From A Dying Star EP (AM-008, Summer 2007)
Christopher & The Lion / Daniel Folmer - Born To Movement, Vol. One Split (AM-009, Spring 2008)
Pacifico - Facedown EP (AM-010, Summer 2008)
Yes, You Are Ferocious! - The Effects of Nuclear Weapons (AM-011, Spring 2009)
Pacifico - Thin Skin & An Open Heart (AM-012, Fall 2009)
Distributed
Deep Mosey - Vis A Tergo (AMPR-001)
Jared colinger - The Summer EP (AMPR-002)
Monday In London - Self Titled EP (AMPR-003)
Compilations
Various Artists - Everybody Needs Love (AM-001, Spring 2004)
Various Artists - We Make Our Own Mistakes, Volume One (AM-003, Spring 2006)
Various Artists - TOMFest Sampler / ClerestoryAV split (CAVAM-001, Aug 2006)
Various Artists - Establishing The Anti-Establishment (AM-007, Summer 2007)
Various Artists - TOMFest Sampler II (AM----, Summer 2007)
Various Artists - TOMFest Sampler III (AM-D01, Summer 2008)
Loserbroadcasting
At one point in time Allalom Music owned and operated Loserbroadcasting.com, a netlabel that offered full album downloads from various bands around the USA for free...this project never achieved the level of success they were looking for and the website was taken offline after less than a year. Two of the bands/albums from that project have been released as official CDs since the site went down.
All the albums available for download were designated "AM/LB-001", and they only got different numbers if they were released on CD.
Albums released on Loserbroadcasting
Anaphylaxis - Reverb EP (AM/LB-001, Spring 2005)
Stereo Deluxx - Pretty Time Bomb (AM/LB-001, Spring 2005)
Jared Colinger - The Darker Side of Happy EP (AM/LB-002, Summer 2005)
Seven Dynasties of Glass Children - We Are Pretentious, Who Are You (AM/LB-003, Fall 2006)
Seven Dynasties of Glass Children - The Fall of Vaudeville (AM/LB-004, Spring 2007)
See also
List of record labels
External links
Allalom Music Official Website
Allalom Music's Myspace
American independent record labels
Record labels established in 2001
Indie pops record labels
Alternative rock record labels
Oregon record labels
Defunct record labels of the United States
Privately held companies based in Oregon
2001 establishments in Oregon
Urishay Castle Chapel is a redundant chapel to the north of Urishay Castle, some west of the village of Peterchurch in Herefordshire, England (). It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. The chapel is a Scheduled Monument, and is on the Heritage at Risk Register.
History
The chapel is built in the bailey of Urishay Castle. It is the earliest purpose-built chapel to a castle in Herefordshire. The nave dates from the early 12th century, and an extension forming the chancel was added in the late 12th century. Alterations were made to the chapel in the 16th and 17th centuries. In later years it had a number of uses, including being a blacksmith's forge,a carpenter's shop and a dog kennel.
By the early part of the 20th century it was a ruin. Following a report by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings some work was carried out and it was re-dedicated for public worship on 29 June 1914. However it was closed again in 1923. By 1949 it was again a ruin, with holes in the roof and leaning walls. In 1978 it was vested in the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches, its freehold being dated 26 July 1978. The charity carried out a programme of repairs which were completed in 2009, including rebuilding much of the walling, but the building is still only partly roofed. In 1914 traces of wall paintings were reported, but these have completely disappeared. In the 1980s evidence was found of a number of infant burials, although there have never been any adult burials in the chapel.
Architecture
The chapel is constructed in stone rubble with a stone slate roof. It is in two cells, one forming the nave and the other the chancel, each of which is of similar width; the chapel is otherwise featureless. A rendered concrete block wall dating from the 1980s stands about to the west of the chancel arch. In the north wall of the chancel are two doors, one added in the 20th century, and the other being an original priest's door with a semicircular head. In the north wall are two windows, one being small with a semicircular head, and the other larger with a square head, probably dating from the 17th century. The east wall contains a window with a four-centred head, probably from the early 16th century. In the north wall of the nave is a narrow square-headed window, and in the south wall is a window with a pointed head and a doorway with a semicircular head. The west wall contains two single-light windows at different heights. The fittings still present in the interior are an altar slab with five consecration crosses, and the base of a 19th-century font.
References
Grade II* listed churches in Herefordshire
12th-century church buildings in England
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
Scheduled monuments in Herefordshire
Hamilton Island may refer to:
Hamilton Island (Queensland), Australia
Hamilton Island Race Week, keelboat regatta
Great Barrier Reef Airport, formerly Hamilton Island Airport
Hamilton Island (Nunavut), Canada
MacDonald Island, British Columbia, Canada (called Hamilton Island 1940–72)
See also
Baillie-Hamilton Island, Nunavut, Canada
Vesey Hamilton Island, Nunavut, Canada
The Redcliffe-Maud Report (Cmnd. 4040) was published in 1969 by the Royal Commission on Local Government in England, under the chairpersonship of Lord Redcliffe-Maud. Although the commission's proposals were broadly accepted by the Labour government, they were set aside by the Conservative government elected in 1970.
Terms of reference and membership
The commission was appointed on 7 June 1966, with the following terms of reference:
"....to consider the structure of Local Government in England, outside Greater London, in relation to its existing functions; and to make recommendations for authorities and boundaries, and for functions and their division, having regard to the size and character of areas in which these can be most effectively exercised and the need to sustain a viable system of local democracy; and to report."
The members of the commission were Redcliffe-Maud (chairperson), John Eveleigh Bolton (vice-chairperson), Derek Senior, Sir James William Francis Hill, Victor Grayson Hardie Feather, Arthur Hedley Marshall, Peter Mursell, John Laurence Longland, Reginald Charles Wallis, Thomas Dan Smith and Dame Evelyn Adelaide Sharp.
Report findings
Broadly the report recommended the abolition of all existing county, county borough, borough, urban district and rural district councils, which had been created at the end of the 19th century, and replacing them with new unitary authorities. These new unitary authorities were largely based on major towns, which acted as regional employment, commercial, social and recreational centres and took into account local transport infrastructure and travel patterns.
There were to be 58 new unitary authorities and three metropolitan areas (Merseyside; South East Lancashire/North East Cheshire or 'Selnec'; and West Midlands), which were to be sub-divided into lower tier metropolitan districts. These new authorities, along with Greater London, were to be grouped into eight provinces, each with its own provincial council.
Division of functions
In arriving at their recommendations, the commissioners were guided by a number of principles which they had themselves devised. These included:
Town and country are interdependent, therefore the separate administration of urban areas and their rural hinterlands should cease.
"Physical environment services" should be in the hands of a single authority. Examples of these services included planning and transport. To provide these wide area services, the authority should have boundaries that reflected geographical patterns of population and movement and provided a coherent area of administration.
"Personal services" should likewise be administered by a single council. These included education, social services, health and housing. The optimum population range over which to provide these services was 250,000 to 1,000,000.
Wherever possible, both types of services should be in the hands of a single unitary authority.
Areas for the new authorities should be capable of being effectively and democratically administered by a single council.
Accordingly, the different categories of council would have the following powers and responsibilities:
Provincial councils: Drawing up of strategic development plans. They were to take over the functions of the existing regional economic planning councils.
Unitary area councils: Both physical environment and personal services
Metropolitan area councils: Planning, transport and general housing policy.
Metropolitan district councils: Education and personal social services.
Local councils
It had originally been envisaged that parish councils should also be abolished, but the Secretary of the National Association of Parish Councils (NACP), Charles Arnold-Baker, convinced the commission that they should be preserved.
Derek Senior's memorandum of dissent
The commission was nearly unanimous, with some reservations as to the exact geographic details. One member of the commission, Derek Senior, dissented entirely from the proposals, and put forward their own in a memorandum of dissent (Cmnd. 4040-I), which was slightly larger than the report itself. They would have preferred a two-tier system, with 35 city-regions of varying size, along with 148 districts. These were to be further grouped into five provinces. At a lower level, there would be 'common councils', roughly equivalent to civil parish councils, which would also cover communities within large towns; special arrangements were to be made for the area surrounding Berwick-upon-Tweed. These proposals effectively ignored traditional boundaries, to a much greater extent than the Report itself did.
Reaction
Immediately after the report was published, Prime Minister Harold Wilson said that they accepted the recommendations "in principle" and committed the government to "press ahead quickly" on the legislation necessary to implement it, later clarifying that legislation would probably follow in the 1970–71 or 1971–72 parliamentary session. The Labour Party Government issued a white paper entitled "Reform of Local Government in England" (Cmnd 4276) in February 1970, broadly accepting the recommendations of the report. The Government had however added two new metropolitan areas: West Yorkshire (with the five Bradford/Leeds/Halifax/Huddersfield/Mid-Yorkshire unitaries as districts), and South Hampshire based on the Southampton and Portsmouth unitaries, with the Isle of Wight being a separate district.
Observers felt that the Conservative Party, then in opposition, had no urgency in defining their position. The shadow spokesperson Peter Walker did not commit themselves but instead held a series of regional conferences to ascertain party grassroots opinion. Reports suggested these conferences were overwhelmingly hostile and the Conservative Party conference in 1969 passed a highly critical motion, while suggesting that some reform of local government was supported. Walker decided that a future Conservative government could not implement Redcliffe-Maud, but refused to disown the report completely.
The Rural District Councils Association was immediately opposed to the proposals which would see their members subsumed in much larger authorities. They started a national campaign with the slogan "Don't Vote for R.E. Mote" (with Mr R.E. Mote depicted as an insensitive bureaucrat), distributing material to all their members. The slogan was used on postal franking from the affected authorities. Swale Rural District Council was forced to opt out of the campaign due to the similarity of "R.E. Mote" with the local Conservative prospective parliamentary candidate R.D. Moate. By coincidence, Moate had moved the motion opposing Redcliffe-Maud at the Conservative Party conference.
New government
When the Conservatives won the 1970 general election, they did so on a manifesto committed to a two-tier system in local government. In 1971 a further white paper entitled "Local Government in England: Government Proposals for Reoganisation" (Cmnd 4584) announced its intentions, which ultimately led to the 1974 re-organisation. Although the general plan of the report was abandoned, many of the specific innovations were carried over, such as the plan to associate Slough with Berkshire, and Bournemouth with Dorset.
Aftermath
In the actual 1974 re-organisation, the three metropolitan areas became metropolitan counties, though their area was greatly reduced. A further three were added, covering the Leeds/Bradford area (West Yorkshire), the Sheffield/Rotherham area (South Yorkshire) and the Tyneside area (Tyne and Wear). The concept of authorities based around Bristol (Avon), and Teesside (Cleveland) was also retained. In most areas though, the 1974 system was far more conservative and retained more traditional boundaries.
The situation of wholly two-tier government did not last. The county councils for the metropolitan counties were abolished in 1986 by Margaret Thatcher's government, making the metropolitan boroughs effectively into unitary authorities. A further set of reforms in the 1990s led to the re-establishment of many old county boroughs as unitary authorities, along with other areas.
In 2004 the Government put forward a proposal to introduce directly-elected regional assemblies in the three regions of Northern England, should referendums produce a 'yes' vote (in the event the first region voted 'no' overwhelmingly, and the other referendums were abandoned). The regional boundaries proposed were very similar to the three northern Redcliffe-Maud provinces. Associated with this reform would have been a move to wholly unitary local government in the affected regions. In the area of Cumbria and Lancashire, the proposals bore a striking resemblance to the ones in the Report.
Proposed unitary and metropolitan areas
Greater London was outside the scope of the report, having been reorganised in 1965 under the London Government Act 1963.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Geography of England
History of local government in England
British Royal Commissions
1960s in the United Kingdom
1966 establishments in England
Eshaqabad Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10,110, in 2,618 families. The rural district has 21 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Razavi Khorasan Province
Nishapur County
The Mosiński Canal () is a canalized branch of the Obra River running entirely within western-central Poland. It connects the Warta River at the village of Mosina (), then runs roughly east to an intersection with other Obra canals at a point north of Kościan .
The canal has a length of about 26 kilometers, and was built in the middle of the 1800s. In Borkowice, close to Mosina, a small hydroelectric plant built in the 1990s interrupts the channel.
Mosiński Canal is one of the four Obrzańskich channels in the Obra watershed. The others are the Kanał Północny, the Kanał Środkowy, and the "Island" canals which connect to the River.
References
Canals in Poland
Geography of Greater Poland Voivodeship
Canals opened in 1859
Mervin Wells (birth January 16, 1987, in St Lucia) is a Saint Lucian cricketer who played for the Saint Lucia national cricket team in Stanford 20/20 as well as Windward Islands cricket team in West Indian domestic cricket. They played as a right-handed batsman.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Saint Lucian cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
The Krupaj spring () is a water spring in Eastern Serbia and Pomoravlje district below the western limestone massif of Beljanica, on the right side of the river Krupaj, at the altitude of . It is close to the village Milanovac, from Žagubica.
Location and characteristics
Krupaj spring is located in Eastern Serbia, Pomoravlje district and it belongs to the karst springs, with the temperature of 9-11 °C. The spring, at the bottom, has an amphitheatral form of precipitous, mostly vertical sides. The stream of the spring, 435 meters long, first flows towards the north and after 130 meters it changes its direction to the west to continue 300 meters more before it confluences with the river Krupaj. After the dam was built, with the height of 3m, Krupaj spring won the new look of the oval lake with 40m length and 17m width. Its water overflows from the lake with very attractive waterfall.
Speleological studies in 1998, which followed a comprehensive research project, revealed the existence of over 70 m deep inverse arm of the cave siphon, which leads to the melting of limestone from the limestone massif of Beljanica. From the dam to the mill, the stream of water flows through the limestone, jumping from the steep sides and the waterfalls. The hydrological regime of the spring and its yield are not sufficiently tested. As the majority of karst springs, Krupaj spring has very changeable amount of water through the year. Close to the mill's construction, there is a thermal water spring, with the temperature of 26 °C and the flow of 6–10 litres per second. This water comes from a natural thermal spring that is sealed and escorted to the fountain. A dozen meters away from the fountain, another thermal phenomenon is represented by the spring in the form of a miniature waterfall that emerged from a self-extinguishing geological well.
Krupaj spring and the surrounding area of 9 ha are protected as the monument of nature of national importance in the Republic of Serbia. The Monument of Nature "Krupajsko Vrelo" was established by the Decree of the Government of the Republic of Serbia (Official Gazette of the Republic of Serbia, No. 9/95), and on the basis of the Environmental Protection Act, for the protected natural heritage of outstanding importance it is one of the strongest karst resources in Serbia. According to the morphology of its source, hydrological functions and the accompanying natural features belongs to the group of the most representative gravitational springs.
Gallery
The Monument of nature „Krupaj spring“
See also
Homolje
References
External links
Tourist organization of Zagubica
Serbian landscape and wildlife - rivers and springs
Springs of Serbia
Geography of Serbia
Pomoravlje District
Silvertip Peak is a mountain summit located in the North Cascades, in Snohomish County of Washington state. It is situated 3.5 miles south of Barlow Pass along the Mountain Loop Highway, in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness, on land managed by Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains north into tributaries of the Sauk River, or south into headwaters of Silver Creek which is a tributary of Skykomish River. Neighbors surrounding Silvertip include Gothic Peak, Del Campo Peak, Sheep Mountain, Cadet Peak, and Columbia Peak. Silver Lake and Poodle Dog Pass lie on the east flank of Silvertip, the Monte Cristo mining ghost town sits at the northeast base, and the Mineral City ghost town is at the southern foot of this peak. This peak was named in association with the nearby Silver Tip mining claim.
Climate
Silvertip Peak is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach the North Cascades, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range, causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades (Orographic lift). As a result, the west side of the North Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. Because of maritime influence, snow tends to be wet and heavy, resulting in high avalanche danger. Due to its temperate climate and proximity to the Pacific Ocean, areas west of the Cascade Crest very rarely experience temperatures below or above . During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but, due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
Geology
The North Cascades features some of the most rugged topography in the Cascade Range with craggy peaks, ridges, and deep glacial valleys. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to the various climate differences. These climate differences lead to vegetation variety defining the ecoregions in this area.
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity persisted. In addition, small fragments of the oceanic and continental lithosphere called terranes created the North Cascades about 50 million years ago.
During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured the landscape leaving deposits of rock debris. The “U”-shaped cross-section of the river valleys are a result of recent glaciation. Uplift and faulting in combination with glaciation have been the dominant processes which have created the tall peaks and deep valleys of the North Cascades area.
See also
Geography of the North Cascades
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: Silvertip Peak
Silvertip Peak photo: Flickr
Silvertip Peak from Silver Lake: Flickr photo
Mountains of Washington (state)
Mountains of Snohomish County, Washington
Cascade Range
Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest
North Cascades
North American 1000 m summits
Attempted killing can refer to:
Suicide attempt
Assassination attempt
Harold Haywood Capers (October 10, 1906 – January 15, 1961), nicknamed "Lefty", was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1930s.
A native of Savannah, Georgia, Capers made their Negro leagues debut in 1930 with the Louisville Black Caps. They played for Louisville again the following season as the team took the name "White Sox". Capers died in Boston, Massachusetts in 1961 at age 54.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1906 births
1961 deaths
Louisville Black Caps players
Louisville White Sox players
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Savannah, Georgia
20th-century African-American sportspeople
The Communist Party of Castilla–La Mancha (in Spanish: Partido Comunista de Castilla–La Mancha), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in Castilla–La Mancha.
External links
PCCM website
1921 establishments in Spain
Castilla-La Mancha
Political parties established in 1921
Political parties in Castilla–La Mancha
Joseph Hueber, (1715 or 1717–1787), was a significant Austrian baroque master builder who studied under Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt.
Buildings & Projects
Among their most notable achievements are the Parish Church of Our Lady on the Weizberg in the Styrian town of Weiz and the Pilgrimage Church of St. Veit in Sankt Veit am Vogau. Their most significant work is the famous library at the Admont Abbey. They also supervised the construction of a baroque pavilion for the park at Schloss Eggenberg in the Styrian capital of Graz as well as the conversion of the Schloss Eggenberg theater into a baroque palace chapel, Our Lady of the Snows.
References
Literature
"Der Barockbaumeister Joseph Hueber". in: Bilder aus Vergangenheit und Gegenwart. Beiträge zur Kultur- und Wirtschaftsgeschichte. (Weiz - Geschichte und Landschaft in Einzeldarstellungen. Hrsg. v. Leopold Farnleitner. 5), Weiz 1958, p.4044.
1787 deaths
1710s births
18th-century Austrian architects
Architecture of Slovenia
Architects from Vienna
Architects from Graz
The salt marsh common yellowthroat, (Geothlypis trichas sinuosa), is a subspecies of the common yellowthroat, a New World warbler.
The salt marsh common yellowthroat has experienced a dramatic 80% decline from the early 20th century through 1976. It is a species of concern for protection in efforts to restore Chelsea Wetlands in Hercules, California.
References
Parulidae
Birds of North America
James Willis "J. Will" Taylor (August 28, 1880 – November 14, 1939) was a U.S. Representative from Tennessee.
Biography
Born near Lead Mine Bend in Union County, Tennessee, Taylor was the son of James W. and Sarah Elizabeth (Rogers) Taylor. They attended the public schools, Holbrook Normal College, Fountain City, Tennessee, and the American Temperance University, Harriman, Tennessee.
Career
Taylor taught at school for several years, and was graduated from Cumberland School of Law at Cumberland University, Lebanon, Tennessee, in 1902. They were admitted to the bar the same year.
Having moved to La Follette, Tennessee, Taylor commenced the practice of law. They served as postmaster at La Follette from 1904 to 1909. They were also mayor from 1910 to 1913, and in 1918 and 1919. They were Insurance commissioner for the State of Tennessee in 1913 and 1914 and chairperson of the Republican State executive committee in 1917 and 1918.
Taylor generally voted with the conservative side, including in their last incomplete House term.
Taylor was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the ten succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1919, until their death.
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of State (Sixty-eighth and Sixty-ninth Congresses). They served as member of the Republican National Executive Committee 1929–1939.
Death
Taylor died in La Follette, Tennessee, on November 14, 1939 (age 59 years, 78 days).  They are interred at Woodlawn Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
External links
1880 births
1939 deaths
Mayors of places in Tennessee
Tennessee lawyers
People from LaFollette, Tennessee
Old Right (United States)
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee
20th-century American politicians
People from Union County, Tennessee
Tennessee postmasters
20th-century American lawyers
Eros (, ; ) is a concept in ancient Greek philosophy referring to sensual or passionate love, from which the term erotic is derived. Eros has also been used in philosophy and psychology in a much wider sense, almost as an equivalent to "life energy". Protestant author C. S. Lewis posits it as one of the four ancient Greek words for love in Christianity, alongside storge, philia, and agape.
In literature
The classical Greek tradition
In the classical world, erotic love was generally referred to as a kind of madness or theia mania ("madness from the gods"). This love passion was described through an elaborate metaphoric and mythological schema involving "love's arrows" or "love darts", the source of which was often the personified figure of Eros (or their Latin counterpart, Cupid), or another deity (such as Rumor). At times the source of the arrows was said to be the image of the beautiful love object itself. If these arrows were to arrive at the lover's eyes, they would then travel to and 'pierce' or 'wound' their heart and overwhelm them with desire and longing (lovesickness). The image of the "arrow's wound" was sometimes used to create oxymorons and rhetorical antithesis concerning its pleasure and pain.
"Love at first sight" was explained as a sudden and immediate beguiling of the lover through the action of these processes, but this was not the only mode of entering into passionate love in classical texts. At times the passion could occur after the initial meeting; for example, in Phaedra's letter to Hippolytus in Ovid's Heroides: "That time I went to Eleusis... it was then most of all (though you had pleased me before) that piercing love lodged in my deepest bones." At times, the passion could even precede the first glimpse, as in Paris' letter to Helen of Troy in the same work, where Paris says that their love for Helen came upon them before they had set eyes on her: "...you were my heart's desire before you were known to me. I beheld your features with my soul ere I saw them with my eyes; rumour, that told me of you, was the first to deal my wound."
Whether by "first sight" or by other routes, passionate love often had disastrous results according to the classical authors. In the event that the loved one was cruel or uninterested, this desire was shown to drive the lover into a state of depression, causing lamentation and illness. Occasionally, the loved one was depicted as an unwitting ensnarer of the lover, because of their sublime beauty—a "divine curse" which inspires men to kidnap them or try to rape them Stories in which unwitting men catch sight of the naked body of Artemis the huntress (and sometimes Aphrodite) lead to similar ravages (as in the tale of Actaeon).
There are few written records of women's lives and loves in ancient Greece. Nevertheless, some historians have suggested that women may have been the objects of love more often than was previously believed and that men's love for women may have been an ideal, although not one realized much in fact. In ancient Athens the dominance of man in the marital relationship is expressed by figures such as the prominent Greek statesman and general Alcibiades. Another famous relationship between a man and a woman in ancient Athens was the romantic involvement of Aspasia with the statesman Pericles. In Sparta, the social status of women was stronger and the marital rituals were solemnized. There was an elaborate preparation for the first night after the marriage, while the man in a symbolic rite had to abduct their future wife before the official ceremony, while they had their hair cut short and dressed in boy's clothes. The ideal outcome of marital eros in Sparta was the birth of a healthy boy.
In The Symposium by Plato, Aristophanes relays a myth of the origin of both heterosexual and homosexual love. Eros paidikos, or pedagogic pederasty, was apparently known since 200 years before Plato. Originally, according to Aristophanes, each human being had two heads, four arms, and four legs, before Zeus decided to split every person in two. After everyone was split, each half searched for their other half, to make themselves whole again. Some people were originally half-male and half-female, and when Zeus split them they became men and women who sought opposite-sex partners. Some people were originally all-female, and they split into females who sought female partners. Some were all-male, and they split into males who sought other males.
Plato
The ancient Greek philosopher Plato developed an idealistic concept of eros which would prove to be very influential in modern times. In general, Plato did not consider physical attraction to be a necessary part of eros. According to Plato, eros could be diverted to philosophy (inclusive of mathematical, ethical and ascetical training), rather than dissipated in sexuality, for the purpose of using erotic energy as a vehicle for the transformation of consciousness, and union with the Divine. In Symposium, eros is described as a universal force that moves all things towards peace, perfection and divinity. Eros themselves is a "daimon", namely a creature between divinity and mortality.
"Platonic love" in this original sense can be attained by the intellectual purification of eros from carnal into ideal form. Plato argues there that eros is initially felt for a person, but with contemplation it can become an appreciation for the beauty within that person, or even an appreciation for beauty itself in an ideal sense. As Plato expresses it, eros can help the soul to "remember" beauty in its pure form. It follows from this, for Plato, that eros can contribute to an understanding of truth.
Eros, understood in this sense, differed considerably from the common meaning of the word in the Greek language of Plato's time. It also differed from the meaning of the word in contemporary literature and poetry. For Plato, eros is neither purely human nor purely divine: it is something intermediate which they call a daimon.
Its main characteristic is permanent aspiration and desire. Even when it seems to give, eros continues to be a "desire to possess", but nevertheless it is different from a purely sensual love in being the love that tends towards the sublime. According to Plato, the gods do not love, because they do not experience desires, inasmuch as their desires are all satisfied. They can thus only be an object, not a subject of love (Symposium 200-1). For this reason they do not have a direct relationship with man; it is only the mediation of eros that allows the connecting of a relationship (Symposium 203). Eros is thus the way that leads man to divinity, but not vice versa.
[...] Nevertheless, eros remains always, for Plato, an egocentric love: it tends toward conquering and possessing the object that represents a value for man. To love the good signifies to desire to possess it forever. Love is therefore always a desire for immortality.
Paradoxically, for Plato, the object of eros does not have to be physically beautiful. This is because the object of eros is beauty, and the greatest beauty is eternal, whereas physical beauty is in no way eternal. However, if the lover achieves possession of the beloved's inner (i.e., ideal) beauty, their need for happiness will be fulfilled, because happiness is the experience of knowing that you are participating in the ideal.
European literature
The classical conception of love's arrows was developed further by the troubadour poets of Provence during the medieval period, and became part of the European courtly love tradition. The role of a woman's eyes in eliciting erotic desire was particularly emphasized by the Provençal poets, as N. E. Griffin states:
According to this description, love originates upon the eyes of the lady when encountered by those of their future lover. The love thus generated is conveyed on bright beams of light from their eyes to his, through which it passes to take up its abode in their heart.
In some medieval texts, the gaze of a beautiful woman is compared to the sight of a basilisk—a legendary reptile said to have the power to cause death with a single glance.
These images continued to be circulated and elaborated upon in the literature and iconography of the Renaissance and Baroque periods. Boccaccio for example, in their Il Filostrato, mixes the tradition of Cupid's arrow with the Provençal emphasis on the eyes as the birthplace of love: "Nor did they (Troilus) who was so wise shortly before... perceive that Love with their darts dwelt within the rays of those lovely eyes... nor notice the arrow that sped to their heart."
The rhetorical antithesis between the pleasure and pain from love's dart continued through the 17th century, as for example, in these classically inspired images from The Fairy-Queen:
If Love's a Sweet Passion, why does it torment?If a Bitter, oh tell me whence comes my content?Since I suffer with pleasure, why should I complain,Or grieve at my Fate, when I know 'tis in vain?Yet so pleasing the Pain is, so soft is the Dart,That at once it both wounds me, and Tickles my Heart.
Roman Catholic teachings
Ancient Jewish tradition, Augustine of Hippo, and Bonaventure all have influence on Roman Catholic marital teachings regarding eros. In their first encyclical, Deus caritas est, Pope Benedict XVI discusses three of the four greek relationship terms: eros, philia and agape, and contrasts between them. In agape, for Benedict, one gives of oneself to another; in eros, the self seeks to receive from another self; philia is the mutual love between friends. They explain that eros and agape are both inherently good, but that eros risks being downgraded to mere sex if it is not balanced by an element of spiritual Christianity. The encyclical argues that eros and agape are not distinct kinds of love, but are separate halves of complete love, unified as both a giving and receiving.
Modern psychologists
Freud
In Freudian psychology, eros, not to be confused with libido, is not exclusively the sex drive, but our life force, the will to live. It is the desire to create life, and favors productivity and construction. In early psychoanalytic writings, instincts from the eros were opposed by forces from the ego. But in later psychoanalytic theory, eros is opposed by the destructive death instinct of Thanatos (death instinct or death drive).
In their 1925 paper "The Resistances to Psycho-Analysis", Freud explains that the psychoanalytic concept of sexual energy is more in line with the Platonic view of eros, as expressed in the Symposium, than with the common use of the word "sex" as related primarily to genital activity. They also mention the philosopher Schopenhauer as an influence. They then goes on to confront their adversaries for ignoring such great precursors and for tainting their whole theory of eros with a pansexual tendency. They finally write that their theory naturally explains this collective misunderstanding as a predictable resistance to the acknowledgement of sexual activity in childhood.
However, F. M. Cornford finds the standpoints of Plato and of Freud to be "diametrically opposed" with regard to eros. In Plato, eros is a spiritual energy initially, which then "falls" downward; whereas in Freud eros is a physical energy which is "sublimated" upward.
The philosopher and sociologist Herbert Marcuse appropriated the Freudian concept of eros for their highly influential 1955 work Eros and Civilization.
Jung
In Carl Jung's analytical psychology, the counterpart to eros is logos, a Greek term for the principle of rationality. Jung considers logos to be a masculine principle, while eros is a feminine principle. According to Jung:
Woman's psychology is founded on the principle of Eros, the great binder and loosener, whereas from ancient times the ruling principle ascribed to man is Logos. The concept of Eros could be expressed in modern terms as psychic relatedness, and that of Logos as objective interest.
This gendering of eros and logos is a consequence of Jung's theory of the anima/animus syzygy of the human psyche. Syzygy refers to the split between male and female. According to Jung, this split is recapitulated in the unconscious mind by means of "contrasexual" (opposite-gendered) elements called the anima (in men) and the animus (in women). Thus men have an unconscious feminine principle, the "anima", which is characterized by feminine eros. The work of individuation for men involves becoming conscious of the anima and learning to accept it as one's own, which entails accepting eros. This is necessary in order to see beyond the projections that initially blind the conscious ego. "Taking back the projections" is a major task in the work of individuation, which involves owning and subjectivizing unconscious forces which are initially regarded as alien.
In essence, Jung's concept of eros is not dissimilar to the Platonic one. Eros is ultimately the desire for wholeness, and although it may initially take the form of passionate love, it is more truly a desire for "psychic relatedness", a desire for interconnection and interaction with other sentient beings. However, Jung was inconsistent, and they did sometimes use the word "eros" as a shorthand to designate sexuality.
See also
Eros, the Greek god
Eroticism
The Four Loves
Greek love
Greek words for love
Limerence, a modern term describing the infatuation and romantic desires commonly associated with eros.
Love styles
Sisyphus
References
Philosophy of love
Love
Energy and instincts
Psychoanalytic terminology
Freudian psychology
Eros
Irukku Aana Illai () is a 2014 Indian Tamil-language comedy thriller film written and directed by debutant K. M. Saravanan, a former assistant of Yugi Sethu. It features Vivanth, Eden, Manisha Shree and Aadhavan in the leading roles, while Shammeer composes the film's music. The film has cinematography by Kris. A. Chandar and the technical crew includes editing by S. P. Ahmed and art direction by Ravindran. It is produced by Sathya Nagaraj, S. Chelladurai, Sami P. Venkat and Balamani Jayabalan under their banner Varam Creations, and distributed by RPP Film Factory. The film released on 18 July 2014 to positive reviews. This film is based on Korean comedy horror film Ghost.
Plot
The movie begins in a bar, where an aspiring director meets their friends. One of their friend, Meenakshi Sundaram (Aadhavan) says they have a beautiful horror story script from their own experience and narrates what happened in their friend's life.
Venkat (Vivanth), is a software engineer who is unlucky in whatever they do and is a sore loser.  They are often taunted by their colleagues and is a loner. Their only friend is Meenakshi Sundaram. One day, their boss at work admonishes them in front of the whole office for their performance, so in sadness they get drunk that night and is involved in an automobile accident, where a young girl Divya (Eden), is killed. They panic and leaves the place and goes to their house. In the middle of the night, they wake up to find that the spirit of Divya has followed them to their house and only they can see and hear them It seems that Divya does not have a clue of who they are and is also stubborn that they would not leave the house unless Venkat helps them uncover who they are. They consult a doctor Mathrubootham (Y. G. Mahendra) who says that the existence of ghosts is true and they should stop whining and start helping the soul and make it rest in peace.
Hilarious incidents unfold, as Meenakshi and Venkat get in the process of finding their identity. Due to Divya's talkative nature, Venkat now is comfortable with the idea of getting along with the ghost, and they become friends with them They also help them in changing their personality and helps in giving them a makeover and induces their self-confidence and they gain respect from their colleagues and friends and even girls try to get their attention. One day, a pickpocket steals their purse and Venkat catches them and when they demand their purse, another wallet falls out with the pictures of Divya. They ask the thief where they stole that from, and finds that it is Divya's mother's wallet stolen from a hospital.
With this clue, Venkat and Divya go to the hospital where they remember bits and pieces of incidents. They say that they have a mother and an identical twin sister Kavya (Eden). Kavya is sick with respiratory problems, that is the reason they were in the hospital. They make Venkat visit their mother and they befriend them One night, as Divya looks at their ailing sister in the hospital, they find the doctor Rangarajan (Raviraj) sending out the nurses and injecting something into the IV bottle.  They are suspicious and informs this to Venkat and their doctor Mathrubootham. With Meenakshi's help, Venkat steals Kavya's case file from the hospital on Mathrubootham's request to analyse it. Mathrubootham finds that the sedations given to Kavya are of heavy dosage and there is something fishy about this pattern of treatment. When they investigate further, Divya finds that Dr.Rangarajan is planning to steal Kavya's heart by making their brain dead and transplant it to a wealthy person for a huge sum of money. Venkat, Divya, Mathrubootham and Meenakshi try to stop this racket, but the doctor cleverly manipulates Divya's mother to agree for a surgery using Kavya's deteriorating health as bait. Meenakshi, Mathrubootham and Venkat are manhandled and locked up by goons when they try to prevent the surgery. So, Divya takes the matter into their hands and possesses Dr.Rangarajan as they are about to start the surgery. They make them slit their own throat and commit suicide and the surgery is stopped. After a while, Kavya regains consciousness and Divya is at peace and they say they love venkat and they leaf after a final adieu to all of them.
As Meenakshi finishes narrating this story, they say that the next day, when Venkat opened the door, they found someone standing at their door. They were a woman identical to how Divya looked. The movie ends here leaving the aspiring director as well as the audience to wonder who they really are, Kavya or Divya again?
Cast
Vivanth as Venkat
Eden as Divya and Kavya
Manishaa Shree as Madhu
Aadhavan as Meenakshi Sundaram
Y. G. Mahendra as Dr. Mathruboodham
Raviraj as Dr. Rangarajan
Production
The filming started on 25 September 2013 and has been completed. Producers Sathya Nagaraj, Chelladurai, Sami P. Venkat and Balamani Jayabalan from Kuwait started their maiden venture Irukku Aana Illai. AKV. Kalaignani (one of the sons of late A.K. Velan of Arunachalam Studios) was chosen as the Executive Producer and a panel of judges went through 60 stories before selecting Irukku Aana Illa. The audio was released by Parivendar T. R. Pachamuthu in Kuwait on 22 November 2013.
Soundtrack
Music is composed by newcomer Shammeer. The soundtrack features six tracks. Lyrics written by Naveen Kannan, Vasanth and Sengai Nilavan.
References
2010s Tamil-language films
2014 films
2014 directorial debut films
Indian comedy thriller films
2010s comedy thriller films
The 2011 Big 12 Conference women's basketball tournament, known for sponsorship reasons as the 2011 Phillips 66 Big 12 Women's Basketball Championship, was the 2011 edition of the Big 12 Conferences championship tournament. The tournament was held at the Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City from 8 March until 12 March 2011. The Quarterfinals, Semifinals, and Finals were televised on Fox Sports Net. The championship game, held on March 12, 2011, featured the number 1 seeded Baylor Lady Bears, and the number 2 seeded Texas A&M Aggies. Baylor won the contest by a 61-58 margin.
Seeding
Schedule
Tournament bracket
Times listed are Central Standard Time zone.
All-Tournament team
Most Outstanding Player – Brittney Griner, Baylor
See also
2011 Big 12 Conference men's basketball tournament
2011 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament
2010–11 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
References
External links
Official 2010 Big 12 Women's Basketball Tournament Bracket
Big 12
Big 12 Conference women's basketball tournament
Tournament
Big 12 Conference women's basketball tournament
Big 12 Conference women's basketball tournament
Flustrellidridae is a family of bryozoans belonging to the order Ctenostomatida.
Genera:
Elzerina Lamouroux, 1816
Flustrellidra Bassler, 1953
Flustrellidrella d'Hondt, 1983
Neobockiella d'Hondt, 1983
Neoflustrellidra d'Hondt, 1976
References
Bryozoan families
In six-dimensional geometry, a truncated 6-orthoplex is a convex uniform 6-polytope, being a truncation of the regular 6-orthoplex.
There are 5 degrees of truncation for the 6-orthoplex. Vertices of the truncated 6-orthoplex are located as pairs on the edge of the 6-orthoplex. Vertices of the bitruncated 6-orthoplex are located on the triangular faces of the 6-orthoplex. Vertices of the tritruncated 6-orthoplex are located inside the tetrahedral cells of the 6-orthoplex.
Truncated 6-orthoplex
Alternate names
Truncated hexacross
Truncated hexacontatetrapeton (Acronym: tag) (Jonathan Bowers)
Construction
There are two Coxeter groups associated with the truncated hexacross, one with the C6 or [4,3,3,3,3] Coxeter group, and a lower symmetry with the D6 or [33,1,1] Coxeter group.
Coordinates
Cartesian coordinates for the vertices of a truncated 6-orthoplex, centered at the origin, are all 120 vertices are sign (4) and coordinate (30) permutations of
(±2,±1,0,0,0,0)
Images
Bitruncated 6-orthoplex
Alternate names
Bitruncated hexacross
Bitruncated hexacontatetrapeton (Acronym: botag) (Jonathan Bowers)
Images
Related polytopes
These polytopes are a part of a set of 63 uniform 6-polytopes generated from the B6 Coxeter plane, including the regular 6-cube or 6-orthoplex.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
x3x3o3o3o4o - tag, o3x3x3o3o4o - botag
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
Back Door Channels: The Price of Peace is an American documentary film about the interplay between the official government channels and the men who acted largely behind the scenes during the course of peace process between Israel and Egypt. It is directed by Harry Hunkele, and produced by Arick Wierson, Donald Tanselle, Matthew Tollin, and Vered Kollek. It was pre-released in June 2009 and officially released in October 2010. Its mainstream theatrical release in the United States was September 2011.
Synopsis
The film traces the confluence of factors that made the 1979 Peace Treaty between Israel and Egypt possible. It reveals that while some, such as Carter, Begin and Sadat, were driven by deeply held ideas of faith and conviction, others were military hawks who in their later years came to see peace as the only viable option; still others saw peace and stability in business terms. Regardless of their motives, these heroes found a way to come together and drive the peace process. The term "back door channels" has been in use since the early 1950s by government and foreign policy officials and intelligence operatives to refer to alternative methods for communicating across borders by using lines of communication not available to traditional official governmental and diplomatic entities or to covert international intelligence agents.
The film contains songs by Moby and their album Wait For Me.
Opening sequence
The film begins with a sequence that combines historical footage with computer-generated imagery (CGI) to set the historical stage for the story. The segment was co-produced by Hunkele, executive producer Arick Wierson and the film's artistic director, Rolan LeBreton. Critic Michael O'Regan hails the animated sequence as "an exceptionally accomplished opening sequence (which inventively surmises millennia of enmity between Jews and Muslims in the Middle East in a mere 4 min)" Jay Weissberg, writing for Variety, dismisses the sequence as "a ridiculous potted history of Israel from Genesis to the state's foundation in 1948 (all in 5 min)." Vanessa McMahton, filing for Fest21, thought the effects were one of the film's strong suits: "The film is both poetic and informative interlacing art and CGI effects which add to the story aesthetically and descriptively." The sequence can be viewed online.
Reviews
After announcing that the film would officially debut in Abu Dhabi in late 2010, only weeks after President Obama's historic speech in Cairo, there was much anticipation surrounding the film. Reviews were mixed. Variety hailed the film as an "enthralling dissection of the unlikely path to the groundbreaking treaty" but later conceded that director Harry Hunkele "bites off more than they can chew." Film critic Michael O'Regan called the film "an original addition to the political documentary canon", although they go on to say that its popular (i.e. commercial) appeal may be limited: "its greatest audience may well be found amongst academics."
Release
Back Door Channels: the Price of Peace has an unusually long release schedule.
An early-cut version of Back Door Channels was selected to open the 2009 Monte-Carlo Television Festival in an invitation-only royal screening on June 7, 2009 at the Grimaldi Forum in Monaco in the presence of Albert II, Prince of Monaco.
The film made its official World Premiere at the Abu Dhabi Film Festival, otherwise known as the Middle Eastern International Film Festival in October 2010. It was chosen to screen at the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
On June 21, 2011, Fisher Klingenstein Films announced that it had bought up world-wide rights to Back Door Channels for an undisclosed sum. It also announced a US theatrical in select cities, following its premier in New York City on Sept. 16, 2011. Other cities with theaters scheduled include: Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, Cleveland, Boston and Philadelphia.
References
External links
http://www.channelproductionfilms.com
http://www.backdoorchannels.com/
https://web.archive.org/web/20120222052059/http://www.4rfv.co.uk/industrynews.asp?id=90091
https://web.archive.org/web/20091005002038/http://www.tvfestival.net/content/Opening-Film/openUK.php
Documentary films about politics
Documentary films about the Arab–Israeli conflict
American documentary films
2009 documentary films
2009 films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Putty Hill is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Matthew Porterfield, and starring Sky Ferreira, Zoe Vance, and James Siebor. The plot focuses on friends and family who gather to remember a young man in the aftermath of their death and attempt to reconstruct their last days.
Plot
The film revolves around a community of friends and family as they cope with the untimely death of a young man named Cory in Baltimore, Maryland. Throughout the film the characters engage one on one with the camera discussing their relationship to Cory and their reactions to their death.
Cast
Sky Ferreira as Jenny, Cory's Cousin; Spike's Daughter.
Zoe Vance as Zoe, Cory's Older Sister.
James Siebor as James, Cory's Brother.
Dustin Ray as Dustin, Cory's Best Friend.
Charles Sauers as Spike, Cory's Uncle; Jenny's Father; Cathy's Brother.
Cathy Evans as Cathy, Mother of Cory, Zoe, James and Marina; Spike's Sister.
Virginia Heath as Virginia, Cathy and Spike's Mom.
Cody as Cody, Dustin's Brother.
Casey Weibust as Casey, Zoe's Best Friend.
Drew Harris as Geoff, Cory's Neighbor, Ashley's Brother.
Marina Siebor as Marina, Cory's Younger Sister.
Jimee Buchanon as Jimee, Cory's Friend; Ashley's Neighbor; Mary's Boyfriend.
Mary Pozoulakis as Mary, Cory's Friend; Jimee's Girlfriend.
Aurora Corey as Aurora, Jenny's Childhood Best Friend.
Liz O'Brien as Liz, Aurora's Friend.
Ashley Ocfemia as Ashley, Aurora's Friend; Geoff's Sister.
Ian Burke as Ian, Cody's Friend.
Joseph Mooney as Joe, A Friend of the Family.
Carol Ray as Carol, Cody and Dustin's Mom.
India Streeter as India, Cody's Girlfriend.
Alex Herbskerman as Alex, Zoe's Friend.
Lucie Stahl as Lucie, Zoe's Friend.
Julia Arredondo as Julia, Zoe's Friend.
Filming
Filming took place in and around Baltimore, Maryland. The film is noted for utilizing mainly nonprofessional actors who play themselves in a fictional story. Much of the dialogue was created through conversations Matthew Porterfield had with the actors prior to filming. The director names mainly European directors as influences, such as Pedro Costa and Robert Bresson.
Reception
Putty Hill was premiered at the Berlin Film Festival. Roger Ebert reviewed the film giving it 4 out of 4 stars. The film was designated a New York Times Critic's Pick as well. The film had its Baltimore premiere within Maryland Film Festival to two sold-out screenings in May, 2010. It was acquired for U.S. distribution by The Cinema Guild.
Putty Hill currently holds a rating of "75%" based on 28 reviews from critics.
References
External links
Matthew Porterfield - Filmmaker Magazine
N1FR Review
2010 films
2010 drama films
American independent films
Films set in Baltimore
Films shot in Baltimore
American drama films
2010 independent films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Rose City is an album by Viva Voce, released on May 26, 2009, on Barsuk Records.
Track listing (CD)
"Devotion" 4:04
"Die A Little" 2:02
"Octavio" 4:31
"Midnight Sun" 4:14
"Red Letter Day" 3:50
"Good As Gold" 3:19
"Rose City" 2:54
"Tornado Alley" 3:29
"Flora" 3:54
"The Slow Fade" 5:23
Track listing (vinyl)
"Devotion" 4:04
"Die A Little" 2:02
"Octavio" 4:31
"Midnight Sun" 4:14
"Red Letter Day" 3:50
"Hurdy Gurdy Man" 3:30
"Good As Gold" 3:19
"Rose City" 2:54
"Tornado Alley" 3:29
"Flora" 3:54
"The Slow Fade" 5:23
"Who Loves The Sun" 2:48
References
2009 albums
Viva Voce (band) albums
Barsuk Records albums
Wilfred Bolton (1862–1930) was a rugby union international who represented England from 1882 to 1887.
Early life
Wilfred Bolton was born on 14 September 1862.
Rugby union career
Bolton made their international debut on 6 February 1882 at Lansdowne Road in the Ireland vs England match.
Of the 11 matches they played for their national side they were on the winning side on 7 occasions.
They played their final match for England on 5 March 1887 at Whalley Range, Manchester in the England vs Scotland match.
International tries
Source for information in table below: Profile of Wilfred Bolton at ESPN Scrum.com
References
1862 births
1930 deaths
English rugby union players
England international rugby union players
Rugby union three-quarters
Riverview is a hamlet in central Alberta, Canada within the County of St. Paul No. 19. It is located approximately east of Highway 41 and northwest of Lloydminster.
Demographics
Riverview recorded a population of 49 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of St. Paul No. 19
Zamen Jan (, also Romanized as Ẕāmen Jān; also known as Jamunjān and Zāmerjān) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,634, in 486 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Marino Grimani (1 July 1532, in Venice – 25 December 1605, in Venice) was the 89th Doge of Venice, reigning from 26 April 1595 until their death. Grimani's reign as doge was principally remembered for two reasons:
the splendid celebrations for the coronation of their wife, Morosina Morosini; and
the beginning of the quarrel with the papacy that resulted in Pope Paul V placing the Republic of Venice under papal interdict in the reign of Grimani's successor, Leonardo Donato (1606–1607).
Background and pre-Doge political career, 1532–95
Grimani was born in 1532 to Donata Pisani and Girolamo Grimani. Grimani's father was a wealthy man and an able politician. Given their wealthy background, Marino Grimani became podestà at a relatively young age, and was then appointed as Venice's Ambassador to the Vatican in Rome. Upon their return to Venice, they were made a cavaliere. They became active in city politics and used their immense wealth to gain the acclaim of the people.
Career as Doge, 1595–1605
Following the death of Pasquale Cicogna, Grimani was a candidate for Doge. After 70 ballots, none of the candidates had the votes necessary to be elected. At this point, Grimani made liberal use of "gifts" in order to break the deadlock, and they were eventually elected Doge on 26 April 1595.
Given Grimani's popularity with the people, their election set off a long round of festivities and celebrations, and, just as these were waning, the coronation of Morosina Morosini as dogaressa set off a new round of opulent festivities.
Between 1601 and 1604, Venice, under Grimani's leadership, passed a number of laws limiting the power of the papacy within the Republic of Venice and withdrew a number of clerical privileges. This came to a head in late 1605 when Venice charged two priests as common criminals, thus denying their clerical immunity from facing charges in secular courts. On 10 December 1605, Pope Paul V sent a formal protest to Venice.
Grimani died on 25 December 1605, leaving the dispute with the papacy unresolved.
References
This article is based on this article from Italian Wikipedia.
External links
1532 births
1605 deaths
Marino
16th-century Doges of Venice
17th-century Doges of Venice
Together Together is a 2021 American comedy film written and directed by Nikole Beckwith. The film stars Ed Helms, Patti Harrison, Tig Notaro, Julio Torres, and Anna Konkle. The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 31, 2021, and was released on April 23, 2021, by Bleecker Street.
Plot
Matt is a forty-something successful app developer, and is interviewing Anna, a twenty-something who works at a coffee shop, to become their surrogate. Matt wants to become a father without getting married. Anna wants to get into college and get their bachelor's and master's degrees, which requires money. During the first trimester, the doctor tells Matt and Anna that everything is going well, which makes Matt very happy. They ask Anna to go to dinner with them as a celebration, to which they agree. Afterwards, Matt tells their brother and their parents about the pregnancy; their mother in particular seems very unhappy with their decision. At dinner, Matt and Anna talk about pro-life and pro-choice life philosophies and how nervous they are in making conversation with each other. While ordering dinner, Matt makes a weird, annoying sound when Anna chooses to order potato over salad, saying it is not good for the baby, as what they eat the baby eats. They order pasta with bacon. After the waiter leaves, Anna says that "she matters only for the next nine months, but they matter for next 18+ years, so they should also be eating healthy food". Matt agrees and asks why they didn't make a weird sound, to which they respond that "she is not annoying". Next, both are shown attending therapy, where Matt says that they are very excited and wants to share the news with everybody; they are surprised when Anna says that they are not going to tell anyone about the pregnancy. Coming out of therapy, Matt asks if they want a bite of candy and tells them that they once went to couple's therapy with their ex, and after coming outside they would hold hands and eat candy.
At the coffee shop, Matt brings special pregnancy tea and clogs for Anna. They take the tea, but says that they don't need the clogs. Matt takes the clogs to Anna's house, where they meet a guy Anna hooked up with. They get upset as they think it's not safe for the baby. Both then go to the hospital, where Anna makes it clear that they cannot stop them from having sex for a whole year, and it is safe as many married women have sex while they are pregnant, which the technician confirms. The technician asks if they want to hear the heartbeat. Matt is very happy listening to the heartbeat. At therapy, Matt says that it was very exciting and they want to hear that sound all the time, while Anna says that it was nice to see Matt so happy. The therapist asks them if they are having any conflicts other than the clogs, and they share Matt's concern over Anna having sex. The therapist tries to clear any doubt, but Matt is still skeptical. During the second trimester, Anna tells Matt that they are going to use the money to get into an accelerated degree program so they can complete their bachelor's and master's degrees within three and a half years. Matt shows them the to-be nursery, and they help them pick a color for the nursery, which they enjoy. Next, both have a deep conversation about why they are alone. They start hanging out with each other more and decide that they should use a gender-neutral name to refer to the baby until they get to know the birth gender. They agree to call the baby "Lamp". At the mall, shopping for maternity wear, Anna meets their sister's friend and lies that they work there. They don't want their sister or their parents to know that they are pregnant, as they would get mad at her, like they did the first time.
Matt asks Anna to move in with them until the baby is born, as they want to get all the possible time with the baby, to which Anna agrees. Anna and Matt go crib shopping, where the salesgirl calls them a couple, to which Anna says, "Ew, no". Them reaction upsets Matt a little. When Anna asks them the reason, they say that their reaction at the store bothered him. They reply that they reacted that way not because "he is gross, but because it would be gross if they were a couple", as they are twenty years older than them At the baby shower, Anna feels odd when Matt's mother calls them unrelated to the baby. Anna realizes that despite trying so hard, they are getting attached to the baby and Matt. They leaf Matt's house after the baby shower, saying "they should have better boundaries". Into the third trimester, Anna and Matt attend a birth center class, where they get to learn various techniques to prepare mothers for childbirth. After some days, Anna feels mild cramps at night and calls Matt, thinking that the baby is coming. The doctor says that it is normal to have such cramps and the baby is healthy, but not coming right now. After visiting the doctor, Anna confesses that they love Matt in a adorable way and they don't want to lose him, but that they can't stay, as they got accepted to Vermont. Matt says they are not going to lose each other, as they love them too and that they are proud of them for getting into college. This time, after attending therapy, Anna asks if Matt wants to hold hands and eat candy, which they do in the park while sitting on a bench. One week before the due date, Anna has contractions. Then, they do all the things they have learned at the birth center and take Anna to the hospital, where they deliver baby Lamp. The movie ends with Matt consoling a crying Lamp.
Cast
Ed Helms as Matt
Patti Harrison as Anna
Rosalind Chao as Dr. Andrews
Anna Konkle as Shayleen
Evan Jonigkeit as Bryce
Tig Notaro as Madeline
Sufe Bradshaw as Jean
Nora Dunn as Adele
Fred Melamed as Marty
Jo Firestone as Tamara
Terri Hoyos as Dana
Julio Torres as Jules
May Calamawy as Carly
Release
The film had its world premiere in the U.S. Dramatic Competition section of the Sundance Film Festival on January 31, 2021. Prior to this, Bleecker Street acquired the US distribution rights, while Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions acquired the international distribution rights. It had a limited release on April 23, 2021, followed by video on demand on May 11, 2021.
Box office
In the United States, the film is released alongside Mortal Kombat to be debuted box office in the friday opening of $182,712 including $350,061 on the two weekend opening combo in +55.3% and +287.4% behind the wide margin box office finishing July 29, 2021.
Critical response
On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 91% based on 150 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10. The site's critics consensus reads, "Together Together explores love and parenthood from unexpected angles, capturing a broad spectrum of emotions through Patti Harrison and Ed Helms' starring performances." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 70 out of 100, based on 32 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
References
External links
2021 comedy films
American comedy films
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
Management Communication Quarterly is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the field of communication studies pertaining to management and organizational communication. The editor-in-chief is Rebecca Meisenbach (University of Missouri). It was established in 1987 and is published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2020 impact factor is 2.340.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Business and management journals
Communication journals
Publications established in 1987
Quarterly journals
Jacob Bobart, the younger, (2 August 1641 – 28 December 1719), was an English botanist.
Background
Bobart was the younger son of Jacob Bobart. They were born at Oxford, and succeeded their father as superintendent of the Physic Garden, and on the death of Dr. Robert Morison in 1683, lectured as botanical professor. In 1699 they brought out the third part of Morison's Historia Plantarum, the second having been issued during the writer's life in 1680, whilst the first was never printed. In Zachary Grey's Notes on Hudibras occurs the following:
"Mr. Jacob Bobart, botany professor of Oxford, did about forty years ago (in 1704) find a dead rat in the Physic Garden, which they made to resemble the common picture of dragons by altering its head and tail, and thrusting in taper sharp sticks, which distended the skin on each side till it mimicked wings. They let it dry as hard as possible. The learned immediately pronounced it a dragon, and one of them sent an accurate description of it to Dr. Magliabechi, librarian to the Grand Duke of Tuscany. Several fine copies of verses were written upon so rare a subject; but at last Mr. Bobart owned the cheat. However, it was looked upon as a masterpiece of art, and as such deposited in the museum or anatomy school at Oxford".
Resignation
Whilst they held this appointment they formed a "hortus siccus" according to the fashion of the times in twelve volumes folio, which is kept at the garden. They vainly tried for the post of curator to the Apothecaries' Garden at Chelsea in 1692. Consul William Sherard, who afterwards left their library and an endowment to the Oxford Garden, wrote in July 1719 that Vice-chancellor Shippen had compelled Bobart, 'my old master,' who was then in weak health, to resign the office of botanic professor, Dr. E. Sandys receiving the post. They say: "I am surprised the vice-chancellor hath obliged Mr. Bobart to resign their place... they ought to have let them spend the short remainder of their time in the garden." They died on 28 December 1719, and was buried two days later.
Annals
Among the Sherardian letters in the library of the Royal Society are fourteen from Bobart to the consul, and in the 'Sloane MS.,' No. 3343, in the British Museum, are many of Bobart's memoranda of considerable gardening interest. An interleaved copy of Bauhin's Pinax, with copious annotations by Bobart, is in the botanical department of the Natural History Museum at Cromwell Road, and an interleaved copy of the Oxford Garden Catalogue, in the possession of the writer, has a few additions in same handwriting. The genus Bobartia was named in honour of the two Bobarts by Linnæus in the Amœnitates Academicæ.
References
1641 births
1719 deaths
17th-century English botanists
18th-century British botanists
Scientists from Oxford
Athletics competitions at the 2005 Bolivarian Games were held at the Parque del Atletismo en el Estadio Centenario de Armenia in Armenia, Colombia, between August 18–21, 2005.
Gold medal winners from Ecuador were published by the Comité Olímpico Ecuatoriano.
A total of 47 events were contested, 24 by men and 23 by women, resulting in 25 new Games records.
Medal summary
Medal winners were published.
All results are marked as "affected by altitude" (A), because Armenia is located at 1,551 m above sea level.
Men
Notes
†: Yojer Medina from Venezuela came in third in the
discus throw event achieving 50.76 m, but they were not entitled to a bronze medal; only two medals per country.
Women
Notes
*: Yomara Hinestroza from Colombia came in third in the 100 metres competition in 11.56 s, but they were not entitled to get a bronze medal (only two medals per country).
**: Darlenis Obregón from Colombia came in third in the 200 metres competition in 23.10 s, but they were not entitled to get a bronze medal (only two medals per country).
***: Johanna Triviño from Colombia came in third in the long jump competition achieving 6.04 m (0.7 m/s), but they were not entitled to get a bronze medal (only two medals per country).
Medal table (unofficial)
Participation
According to an unofficial count, at least 200 athletes from 5 countries participated.
(10)
(66)
(45)
(13)
(66)
References
Athletics at the Bolivarian Games
International athletics competitions hosted by Colombia
Bolivarian Games
2005 in Colombian sport
Saprae Creek is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the Regional Municipality (RM) of Wood Buffalo. It is located north of Highway 69, approximately east of Fort McMurray.
2016 wildfire
On May 4, 2016, the hamlet was evacuated due to the growing fire to the southwest near the Fort McMurray International Airport. By May 5 severe damage was reported to 30% of buildings.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Saprae Creek had a population of 508 living in 176 of its 194 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 572. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
The population of Saprae Creek according to the 2018 municipal census conducted by the Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo is 715, a decrease from its 2012 municipal census population count of 925.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Saprae Creek had a population of 572 living in 191 of its 215 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 694. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Regional Municipality of Wood Buffalo
Heino Schmieden (May 15, 1835 – September 7, 1913) was a German architect.
Biography
Schmieden was born in Soldin, New March (modern Myślibórz, Poland)
In 1866 Schmieden graduated from the renowned Bauakademie in Berlin with a diploma in architecture. Even during their last year at the school they had been continuing their studies with trips to France, England and Italy.
With high artistic aspirations they produced plans for museums, hospitals, monuments and villas in addition to conceiving numerous residence and office buildings. Until Martin Gropius' death in 1880, they and Schmieden worked together to develop their architecture firm, Fa. Gropius & Schmieden, into one of Berlin's greatest. The firm continued to produce great work thereafter as Schmieden teamed up with such notable architects as Robert Speer, Victor von Weltzien and Julius Boethke to run it.
The present-day Martin Gropius Bau in Berlin was built in 1881 based on plans by Schmieden and Martin Gropius as an applied art museum. It was constructed in the style of the Italian Renaissance and has a central atrium. Mosaics with allegories from various ages and the coats of arms of German states decorate the spaces between windows.
In 1881 they became a member of the Berlin Bauakademie, followed by their admittance in 1887 to the Prussian Academy of Arts.
 They are buried in the Alter St. Matthäus Kirchhof in the Schöneberg neighborhood of Berlin.
References
1835 births
1913 deaths
People from Myślibórz
People from the Province of Brandenburg
19th-century German architects
German neoclassical architects
Lehigh Valley Health Network is a healthcare network based in the Allentown, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of eastern Pennsylvania. The healthcare network serves eastern and northeastern Pennsylvania. Its flagship hospital is Lehigh Valley Hospital–Cedar Crest, located on Cedar Crest Boulevard in Allentown.
History
LVHN has 981 licensed-acute beds on its three campuses. In 2007, there were 50,070 admissions, 14,319 inpatient surgeries, 453,477 outpatient visits, 14,841 outpatient surgeries, 119,017 ER visits, and 3,184 births in network hospitals.
LVHHN operates the third largest heart surgery program in Pennsylvania with more than 1,200 open-heart procedures performed each year. Pennsylvania's first Level One Trauma Center was at Lehigh Valley Hospital–Cedar Crest and this trauma center remains the only Level I trauma center in the Lehigh Valley with additional qualifications in pediatric trauma. The LVHHN Cancer Center is the fourth largest in Pennsylvania and cares for more than 2,400 new patients each year.
In fiscal year 2014, LVHN's operating income increased by $9 million to $42 million. Acute admissions were up more than 2 percent to 55,000. Also up were emergency room visits, which increased 7 percent to 190,000. In 2014, the not-for-profit LVHN increased its community benefit - a combination of free care, reduced-cost care, education and other efforts that make up the foundation of the network's not-for-profit status - by 8 percent to $354 million. That supported more than 11,000 free flu shots distributed at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in South Whitehall Township and Coca-Cola Park in Allentown, and a dental van that provides free care to more than 1,000 children yearly. The benefit also helps to cover the growing differential between health care costs and how much Medicaid and Medicare are willing to reimburse.
Merger with Pocono Health System
In May 2015, the parent companies of Pocono Health System and Lehigh Valley Health Network announced they have agreed to merge. The planned merger was approved by both corporations' boards of directors in separate meetings. The merger is expected to be finalized early in 2016 following "due diligent" discussions of respective service delivery and financial issues, negotiation of final merger documents and government regulatory approvals.
On January 1, 2017, a full asset merger of Pocono Health System and flagship hospital, Pocono Medical Center, by Lehigh Valley Health Network was completed. Pocono Health System is now LVHN-Pocono and Pocono Medical Center now Lehigh Valley Hospital-Pocono.
Locations
Tracing its roots back to Allentown Hospital, founded in 1899, LVHN currently consists of eight hospital campuses, physicians practices and groups, clinics, testing and imaging centers, health centers and urgent care locations. The hospital campuses are
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Cedar Crest – Cedar Crest
Combined Adult Level I / Pediatric Level II trauma center
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Muhlenberg
Lehigh Valley Hospital–17th Street
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Hazleton
Level IV trauma center
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Pocono
Level III trauma center
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Schuylkill E. Norwegian Street
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Schuylkill S. Jackson Street
Lehigh Valley Hospital–Hecktown Oaks
References
External links
Companies based in Allentown, Pennsylvania
Healthcare in Pennsylvania
Hospital networks in the United States
Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
Companies based in the Lehigh Valley
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
"The Election of 1800" is the nineteenth song from the second act of Hamilton, a Broadway musical that premiered in 2015 focused on the life of Alexander Hamilton. In "The Election of 1800", Jefferson and Burr's attempts to win the 1800 United States presidential election result in a tie that must be broken by Hamilton. "The Election of 1800" contains discrepancies between its story and the presidential election it narrates, most notably that Hamilton did not break the tie in the actual election.
Synopsis
The song details Miranda's retelling of the 1800 United States presidential election. After the emotional ending of the previous song, Thomas Jefferson lightens the mood by asking if they can "get back to politics" and James Madison (still crying) agrees. John Adams, who is not represented in the play, is said to have no chance of winning the presidency, therefore making the main contest of the race between Jefferson and Aaron Burr, both actively campaigning for the presidency. While Alexander Hamilton, the main character, is repeatedly questioned on who they would rather support, they refuse to answer. Hamilton briefly speaks with Burr, who says that they would do anything to achieve the presidency. When it becomes apparent that the race is tied, Hamilton is called upon to break the deadlock. To the shock of everyone else, they throw the election to Jefferson. While Hamilton admits that they and Jefferson have never agreed on anything, they reason that "Jefferson has beliefs. Burr has none." Burr remains optimistic about still being vice president, but Jefferson uses their new power to change the law so the person in second place does not become vice president as they don't trust Burr. In the last line of the song, Jefferson gloatingly asks Burr to thank Hamilton for their endorsement of Jefferson. In the next number, "Your Obedient Servant", Burr challenges Hamilton to a duel out of anger for this endorsement.
Historical differences
While Burr was portrayed in the song as running for president, it was widely understood at the time that Jefferson was the Democratic-Republican Party's presidential candidate, whereas Burr was running for vice president. Burr did, however, noticeably decline to say that they would not accept the presidency if they were elected.
The tie between Jefferson and Burr was the result of a flaw in the original rules of the electoral college, the constitutional process that allows for the election of the president and vice president. Under the original rules, each elector would cast two ballots—the candidate with the most votes would become president, while the runner-up becomes vice president. However, when political parties began to run both presidential and vice presidential candidates, it became apparent that the election would result in a tie between Jefferson and Burr, since they were from the same political party and would each receive one vote from every elector from a state the two had won. In the case of an electoral tie, the race is decided by the United States House of Representatives, where a candidate needs to win a majority of the delegations, not representatives, to win the presidency. In a plot to undermine the Democratic-Republican Party, the delegations controlled by the Federalist Party cast their votes for Burr, preventing both Jefferson and Burr from reaching the nine out of sixteen congressional delegations required to win. While Alexander Hamilton was lobbying Federalist delegations to vote for Jefferson, largely for the reasons laid out in the song, it was Representative James Bayard of Delaware who cast the deciding vote to elect Jefferson to the presidency.
While Madison tells Jefferson near the end of the song that Jefferson won the election in a landslide, the Tampa Bay Times points out that this was not the case.
Reaction and impact
Writing for the Journal of the Early Republic, Nancy Isenberg criticized the accuracy of the song, writing that the event had been "distorted beyond recognition" by Miranda.
In Chiafalo v. Washington, a case before the Supreme Court of the United States, Justice Elena Kagan alluded to "The Election of 1800" in handing down their decision. While writing about past contested presidential elections, Kagan parenthetically commented that "Alexander Hamilton secured their place on the Broadway stage—but possibly in the cemetery too—by lobbying Federalists in the House to tip the election to Jefferson".
Reprisal
In 2020, cast members from Hamilton performed modified lyrics for "The Election of 1800", among other songs, to encourage turnout in the 2020 United States elections in partnership with When We All Vote, an initiative started by Michelle Obama. Instead of singing about the contest between Jefferson and Burr, the new lyrics emphasize the importance of the then-upcoming election. For example, while the original lyrics when Hamilton was first approached about Jefferson and Burr were "Dear Mr. Hamilton, your fellow federalists would like to know how you'll be voting", with their response being "It's quiet uptown", the new lyrics were "Dear friends of Hamilton, it's 2020 and our need for you is only growing", continuing with "It's easy and fun".
References
2015 songs
Songs from Hamilton (musical)
The 1975–76 Scottish First Division season was the first season in which the Scottish First Division became the second tier of Scottish football and the number of teams was reduced from 20 to 14. The season was won by Partick Thistle, who were promoted along with Kilmarnock to the Premier Division. Dunfermline Athletic and Clyde were relegated to the Second Division.
Table
References
Scottish First Division seasons
2
Scot
Ian Mortimer may refer to:
Ian Mortimer (historian) (born 1967), British historian and writer of historical fiction
Ian Mortimer (canoeist) (born 1983), Canadian sprint canoer
Deh Now-e Kheyari (, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Kheyārī; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now-e Pā'īn) is a village in Dehaj Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 202, in 30 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Iffley County, Queensland is one of the 318 counties of Queensland, Australia. The county is divided into civil parishes.
The county came into existence in the 19th century, and on 8 March 1901, the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897.
Like all counties in Queensland, it is a non-functional administrative unit, that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles. From 30 November 2015, the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands, Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes.
References
Counties of Queensland
Mathias Sandorf is a 1921 French historical adventure film directed by Henri Fescourt and starring Romuald Joubé, Yvette Andréyor and Jean Toulout. It is an adaptation of the 1885 novel Mathias Sandorf by Jules Verne. A later sound version of the story Mathias Sandorf was released in 1963.
The film was distributed in America by Pathe Exchange under the alternative title The Isle of Zorda.
Some scenes were shot around Nice on the French Riviera.
Cast
Romuald Joubé as Mathias Sandorf
Yvette Andréyor as Sava Toronthal
Jean Toulout as Silas Toronthal
Paul Vermoyal as Sarcany
Gaston Modot as Carpéna
Armand Tallier as Pierre Bathory
Armand Dutertre as Birik
Henri Maillard as Ferrato
Gabrielle Ristori as Maria Ferrato
Mario Nasthasio as Zirone
Djemil Anik as Nasmir
Germaine Pelisse as Mme. Toronthal
Adeline de La Croix as Mme. Bathory
Darnay as Étienne Bathory
Benvenuto Nardo as Pescade
Milo Poggi as Matifou
References
Bibliography
Geoffrey Nowell-Smith. The Oxford History of World Cinema. Oxford University Press, 1996.
External links
1921 films
French silent films
1920s French-language films
Films directed by Henri Fescourt
French black-and-white films
1920s historical adventure films
Films based on Mathias Sandorf
French historical adventure films
1920s French films
Grotella melanocrypta is a moth in the genus Grotella, of the family Noctuidae. The species was first described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1912. This moth species is found in North America, including Puebla, Mexico, its type location.
References
Grotella
Moths described in 1912
My Best Fiend (, literally My Dearest Foe - Klaus Kinski) is a 1999 German documentary film written and directed by Werner Herzog, about their tumultuous yet productive relationship with German actor Klaus Kinski. It was released on DVD in 2000 by Anchor Bay.
Synopsis
The film opens with shots of Klaus Kinski performing, after their own interpretation, the role of Jesus. Kinski harangues the audience for not paying attention to him, curses wildly, has the microphone taken away from him, and, screaming, steals it back. This is the tour Kinski left to star in Herzog's film Aguirre, the Wrath of God (1972). This was the first of five films that the two would make together, the others being Nosferatu the Vampyre (1978); Woyzeck (1978); Fitzcarraldo (1982); and Cobra Verde (1987).
After this opening, Herzog tours a substantially renovated apartment that they and their family shared with Kinski and other boarders. Herzog then tours some of the countries they and Kinski filmed at. They look at the first film clip they ever saw of Kinski and presents footage from the sets of their various movies. They recount the heated and sometimes violent altercations between them, including the oft-repeated story of how they threatened to shoot Kinski should they leave the production of Aguirre. They also draw on footage from Burden of Dreams (1982), a documentary about the making of Fitzcarraldo, which was a particularly difficult film for their relationship.
At the same time, Herzog expresses deep respect for Kinski's acting talent. Interviews with two of the women who starred opposite him, Eva Mattes (from Woyzeck) and Claudia Cardinale (from Fitzcarraldo), suggest that the actor had a calmer side. Herzog also meets with Beat Presser, a photographer who has displayed many photos of Herzog and Kinski. One of these photos is used as the film's poster. The final sequence in the film shows Kinski playing with a butterfly in the Peruvian jungle.
Herzog describes Kinski's death as the result of having lived so strenuously and fully, describing them as "like a comet". Their voice is heard over the final scene of Cobra Verde, in which Kinski collapses in the surf as they try to pull a large boat out to sea.
Critical reception
The documentary was screened out of competition at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival. It has an 80% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes with an average rating of 7.00/10.
Janet Maslin of the New York Times called the film "[a] captivating documentary, a film that serves as an eloquent coda to their unforgettable creative partnership.". Roger Ebert gave the film three stars out of a possible four, saying:
Jonathan Rosenbaum, writing for the Chicago Reader, was less enthusiastic, calling the film, "The art-movie equivalent to writer-director Blake Edwards's Trail of the Pink Panther:
In popular culture
Independent film director Maverick Moore parodied both Louis Malle's film My Dinner with Andre and, "the totally bonkers friendship between legendary filmmaker Werner Herzog and controversial actor Klaus Kinski" as chronicled in My Best Fiend, in the awarding -winning short comedy film My Dinner with Werner.
"My Friend Falcon", a fake "behind the scenes" episode of American TV show Childrens Hospital depicts director David Wain's (as himself) contentious relationship with fictional cast member Justin Falcon (played by Ken Marino), parodying several scenes of My Best Fiend. Over the course of the episode, it gets more and more obvious that Wain is responsible for many negative events in Falcon's life, is obsessed with them and is insane.
References
External links
A short transcript from the film explaining both Kinski and Herzog's attitude to the jungle, from Herzog's point of view.
1999 films
German documentary films
Documentary films about actors
1999 documentary films
Films directed by Werner Herzog
Films scored by Popol Vuh (band)
1990s German films
Turkey competed at the 2013 World Games held in Cali, Colombia.
Medalists
Ju-jitsu
Kiraz Sahin competed in the women's fighting 62 kg event.
Karate
Serap Özçelik won the gold medal in the women's kumite 50 kg event.
References
Nations at the 2013 World Games
2013 in Turkish sport
2013
Mark Laurie nicknamed "Pebbles" (born 23 July 1962) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s. A New South Wales Country representative centre who later moved to the forwards, they played their club football in the NSWRL Premiership for the Parramatta Eels during their golden period of the 1980s. They also played in England for Leeds and Salford.
Background
Laurie was the fifth of six brothers and the younger brother of Robert Laurie.
Playing career
Born in Wauchope, as teenager Laurie was earmarked for greatness representing North Coast in 1980 and 1981 whilst plying their trade for their local team the Wauchope Blues Rugby League Club. This caught the attention of Sydney clubs and in 1982 they would sign with the Parramatta Eels making their debut off the bench in round 2 that year in a 12-5 win over Balmain at Leichhardt Oval in front of 10,000 fans.
In their debut season Laurie would make 14 appearances for the Eels which included a Minor Premiership and a Grand Final victory over the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles 21-8 in front of 50,000 fans at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
1983 again saw Laurie play the majority of the season from the bench in a star studded team looking to achieve the first three-peat since the 1960's St George Dragons. Laurie would again come off the bench for the Eels as they became the 4th club in Australian Rugby League history to win three consecutive Grand Finals defeating Manly Warringah Sea Eagles 18-6.
Following this great achievement, Laurie established themselves as a regular starter filling in at Lock, second row, centre and five/eighth over the next few seasons.
1986 saw Laurie and the Eels return to their winning ways, Parramatta secured another Minor Premiership which catapulted them to another Grand Final. This Grand Final would be Laurie's first starting role, playing in the second row in the 4-2 victory over arch rivals Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs in Ray Price's final game.
Following the retirement of Price, Laurie would transition into the lock role whilst filling in at centre and five eighth when required until retirement at the end of the 1992 season amassing 205 games in 11 seasons for the Parramatta Eels.
Sporadically throughout their career, Laurie would venture to the English competition utilising their skillset for Leeds and Salford. Their first stint for Leeds, 1983-1984, saw Laurie's worth truly recognised reaching their 3rd Grand Final in 2 years. Laurie's experience in the League Cup Grand Final would prove instrumental as they were declared man of the match in the victory over Widnes 18-10.
Laurie returned to Leeds in 89-90 where they improved their squad immensely, finishing 2 wins behind Minor Premiers Wigan.
The 1992-1993 English Championship season would be the final season Laurie would play professional rugby league, helping Salford avoid relegation.
.
References
1962 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Leeds Rhinos players
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league locks
Rugby league players from Wauchope, New South Wales
Salford Red Devils players
The 1897 Pittsburgh College football team was an American football team that represented Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost—now known as Duquesne University—during the 1897 college football season. J. P. Wolfe served in their first and only season as the team's head coach.
Schedule
References
Pittsburgh College
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
Pittsburgh College football
Caroline Heron (born 3 November 1990) is a Scottish footballer who plays as forward for Heart of Midlothian in the SWPL 2, and former cricketer. They previously played for Forfar Farmington and Hibernian.
Football career
College career
Heron joined the AIC Yellow Jackets in 2010. They scored their first collegiate goal in a victory against Bridgeport on 2 September 2010. They scored eight goals and added two assists in 13 appearances as a first-year student, before suffering a season-ending injury in a win over Stonehill. In October 2010, they were selected to the Northeast-10 All-Conference Third-Team and All-Rookie team, and named Northeast-10 Rookie of the Year. The following year, they made 8 appearances and recorded one assist, but they were unable to finish the season due to an injury.
Club career
Heron joined SWPL 2 side Heart of Midlothian in 2019. They made their debut as a substitute against Hamilton Academical on 10 February 2019, and they made their first start a week later, scoring twice in a 9–0 win over Hutchison Vale.
Cricket career
Heron was initially named in the Scottish squad for the 2008 Women's Cricket World Cup Qualifier, but they withdrew due to an injury and was replaced by Paula Ritchie.
Honours
Club
Hibernian
Scottish Women's Cup: 2016
Scottish Women's Premier League Cup: 2017
Individual
Club
Forfar Farmington Goal of the Season: 2018
References
External links
Carolien Heron at American International College Yellow Jackets
Caroline Heron at Soccerway
1990 births
Living people
Scottish women cricketers
Scottish women's footballers
Hibernian W.F.C. players
Scottish Women's Premier League players
Women's association football forwards
American International Yellow Jackets women's soccer players
Scottish expatriate women's footballers
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Global kOS
('kos' pronounced as chaos) were a grey hat (leaning black hat) computer hacker group active from 1996 through 2000, considered a highly influential group who were involved in multiple high-profile security breaches and defacements as well as a releasing notable network security and intrusion tools. Global kOS were involved with the media heavily and were interviewed and profiled by journalist Jon Newton in their blog titled "On The Road in Cyberspace" (OTRiCS). The group were reported multiple times to the FBI by Carolyn Meinel who attempted to bring the group to justice while members of Global kOS openly mocked them The FBI had a San Antonio based informant within the group and individually raided several members after contact with the informant.
Overview
Global kOS were a loose collective of members of other hacking groups active in 1996 who released network and security tools for Windows and Linux. The group did not release exploit code as other groups did, each member maintained their own webpage and often acted individually or with their original group. Global kOS continually reiterated that their goal was entirely about rampaging across the internet and creating as much chaos as they could by releasing automated denial of service tools. The group was humorous and irreverent in interviews and press releases, they and affiliates openly taunted webmasters through website defacements. The group's members hacked and defaced a large number of websites in the nightly hacking contests over IRC on EFNet.
Releases
Up Yours! denial of service tool
Digital destruction suite collection of hacker tools
Panther modern denial of service tool
kOS Crack password cracking utilities
BattlePong IRC flooding utility
Up Yours!
Up Yours! the flagship release for Global kOS was an early point and click denial of service tool which helped to spawn the term 'script kiddie'. Up Yours! first appeared in 1996 and updated versions were released three times. Up Yours! was the denial of service tool used in the well-documented Nizkor attack. It is believed that the hacker 'johnny xchaotic' aka 'Angry Johnny' used Up Yours! to take down the websites of 40 politicians, MTV, Rush Limbaugh the Ku Klux Klan and multiple others. The author claims they came up with the name Up Yours! because they wanted to hear Dan Rather say it on national television.
In print: , , and
Members
Membership between Global kOS and other hacking groups of the time is difficult to determine as most members were involved in multiple groups, crossover appears between Global kOS, Technophoria, SiN and GlobalHell (gH).
AcidAngel - Author of the denial of service tools 'Up Yours!' and 'Panther modern'.
Materva
Glitch
The Assassin
NaCHoMaN - cracker
The Raven - author of 'kOS Crack'
Shadow Hunter
Silicon Toad
Spidey
That Guy
Zaven
Digital Kid
Affiliated members
Modify
BroncBuster
Banshee - author of bitchslap
The Messiah
Deprave
Cyan Ide
Kiss
dvdman
The boss
Revelation
References
External links
http://gkos.org
http://web.textfiles.com/hacking/globlkos.nfo
https://web.archive.org/web/19971015025943/http://www.otrics.com/hackr8.html
Hacker groups
Night and Dawn (Spanish: La noche y el alba) is a 1958 Spanish drama film directed by José María Forqué and starring Francisco Rabal, Zully Moreno and Manuel Alexandre.
Plot
Pedro is a street photographer who fought on the Republican side during the Spanish Civil War and is obsessed with a model. The young woman accidentally dies in an appointment with an engineer but Pedro is accused. Carlos, even though they know the truth, doesn't tell the police so as not to jeopardize their career.
Cast
Francisco Rabal as Pedro
Zully Moreno as Marta
Rosita Arenas as Amparo
Antonio Vilar as Carlos
Rafael Bardem as Director
María Asquerino
Manuel Alexandre as Delegado
Félix Dafauce as Mendoza
Isabel de Pomés
José Luis López Vázquez as Fotógrafo
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1958 drama films
Spanish drama films
1958 films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by José María Forqué
1950s Spanish films
A game show is a type of show in which contestants play a game, usually for money or prizes.
Game Show or Gameshow may also refer to:
Gameshow (album), a 2016 album by Two Door Cinema Clubs
"Game Show" (Dexter's Laboratory episode), a second-season episode of the American television series Dexter's Laboratory
See also
Game Show Network, an American television channel
Stefano Della Santa (born 22 May 1967) is an Italian former road bicycle racer.
Achievements
1993
1st, Giro di Campania
1st, Trofeo Melinda
1994
1st, Overall, Bicicleta Vasca
1st, Overall, Vuelta a Andalucía
1st, Stages 4 & 5b
1st, Overall, Setmana Catalana de Ciclisme
1st, Stage 3
1995
1st, Overall, Vuelta a Andalucía
2000
1st, Stage 3, Grand Prix Cycliste de Beauce
External links
Achievements by cyclingbase.com
1967 births
Italian male cyclists
Living people
Sportspeople from Lucca
Cyclists from Tuscany
Vashon Hardware Store, now known as The Hardware Store Restaurant, is a commercial building in Vashon, Washington. Built in 1890, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Description
Vashon Hardware Store consists of two wood-frame structures that share an external facade. The main building is one-and-a-half stories and measures . The smaller building measures . The side-by-side buildings were constructed around 1890. Internal connections between the two buildings were added in 1973.
History
Frank Gorsuch built the original structure and operated it as a general store, the first in Vashon and the fourth on Vashon Island. In 1913, the business was sold to Fred and Henry Weiss who named it Weiss Bros. General Merchandise. The building was renamed Vashon Hardware Store in 1929 when it was purchased by George McCormick and C. G. Kimmel.
After years as a retail store run by members of the McCormick family, it was reopened as a restaurant in 2005.
References
National Register of Historic Places in King County, Washington
Early Commercial architecture in the United States
Moderne architecture in the United States
Commercial buildings completed in 1890
Verkhnepauninskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 24 as of 2002.
Geography
Verkhnepauninskaya is located 20 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gavrilovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The is the collection of classic and non-Japanese animated films which have been dubbed or subtitled and released in Japan by Studio Ghibli under the Ghibli ga Ippai label, in collaboration with Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment (with the partnership of Pony Canyon) and Cinema ANGELIKA Three of the current titles were previously released as part of the now mostly defunct . The collection is named after the Ghibli Museum in Mitaka.
Films
As of January 1, 2023, the following films are known to have been or will be released under the Ghibli Museum Library label:
Le Roi et l'Oiseau (1980) – Cinema 2006.7.29, DVD 2007.4.4
Kirikou et la Sorcière (1998) – DVD 2007.7.18
Princes et Princesses (2000) – DVD 2007.7.18
Les Triplettes de Belleville (2003) – DVD 2007.7.18
Moya lyubov (2006) – Cinema 2007.3.17, DVD 2007.7.18
Azur et Asmar (2006) – Cinema 2007.7.21, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2007.12.19
Przygody Myszki (1985) - DVD 2007.12.19
Snezhnaya Koroleva (1957) – Cinema 2007.12.15, DVD 2008.7.2
Panda Kopanda (1972–73) – Cinema 2008.3.15, DVD 2008.7.2
Cheburashka (1969–83) – Cinema 2008.7.19, DVD 2008.11.21
Animal Farm (1954) – Cinema 2008.12.20, DVD 2009.6.10
Lupin Sansei 1st. TV series (1971–72) – Cinema (only) 2009.3.14
A Matter of Loaf and Death (2008) – Cinema 2009.7.18, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2009.11.27
Mr. Bug Goes to Town (1941) – Cinema 2009.12.19, DVD 2010.4.21
Konyok-Gorbunok (1947) and Seraya Sheyka (1948) – DVD (only) 2010.7.14
Akage no Anne ~Green Gables no Michi~ – Cinema 2010.7.17, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2010.11.17
Shaun the Sheep series 1 (2007) – DVD and Blu-ray Disc (only) 2010.10.20 and 2010.11.17
A Grand Day Out (1989), The Wrong Trousers (1993) and A Close Shave (1995) – DVD and Blu-ray Disc (only) 2010.10.20
Shaun the Sheep series 2 (2009–2010) – DVD and Blu-ray Disc (only) 2011.1.19 and 2011.2.16
L'Illusionniste (2010) – Cinema 2011.3.26, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2011.10.8
Tout-rien (1978), Crac (1981), L'Homme qui plantait des arbres (1987) and Le Fleuve aux grandes eaux (1993) – Cinema 2011.7.2, DVD 2011.7.20
Les Contes de la nuit (2011) – Cinema 2012.6.30, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2012.12.5
(2013) – Cinema 2013.1.19, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2013.4.17
Arrugas (2011) – Cinema 2013.6.22, DVD and Blu-ray Disc 2013.11.6
Shaun the Sheep series 3 (2012-2013) – DVD and Blu-ray Disc (only) 2013.8.21
Dilili à Paris – DVD, Blu-ray Disc and video on demand 2020.1.22 (following theatrical distribution by Child Film)
Bouncing Ball Sing-Along at the Short Movies
See also
References
External links
GhibliWorld.com
Anime industry
Lists of animated films
Museums in popular culture
Studio Ghibli
William "Silent Bill" Hopke (November 2, 1881 – April 18, 1959) was an American professional baseball infielder. They played in the minor leagues from 1902 to 1914 with several teams. Hopke also played in the 1909 American Series for the Detroit Tigers, though they never played in a major league game for Detroit. They also played for the Almendares club in the Cuban League in 1911.
Early baseball career
Hopke made their professional debut with the Columbus Senators of the American Association in 1902 as a third baseman. They ended the season with a batting average of either .134 or .135. They were signed to appear with Columbus for the 1903 season, but by February they had signed with of the Fort Wayne Railroaders of the Central League. On April 17, 1903, while practicing at League Park in Fort Wayne, Hopke rescued a drowning 8-year-old boy from the St. Marys River after the child attempted to retrieve a ball that had been hit into the river. With Hopke at third base, Fort Wayne won the Central League pennant in both 1903 and 1904.
In June 1905, Hopke quit the Fort Wayne club after initially being denied a raise, and then denied their release at the end of the season. They played out the remainder of the season with the Canton Chinamen and returned for Canton for 1906, where they had a .500 batting average by May 5 and finished the year hitting .281. In February 1907, they were traded to the Indianapolis Indians of the American Association for cash, third baseman Robert Armstrong and a player to be named later, which was announced as Dan Howley in April.
As reported in The Wilkes-Barre Record in 1910, Hopke did not talk the first month of the 1907 season while with Indianapolis, and fans attempted to use sign language to communicate with him, only for Hopke to then laugh and reveal that they could speak.
While with Indianapolis, Hopke was regarded as one of the best fielding third basemen in the league.In June 1907, the Muncie Evening Press speculated that Hopke would be purchased by a major league club before the end of the season, though club leadership would not comment. They ultimately would remain with Indianapolis, and by the end of the 1908 season, the Altoona Tribune reported that Hopke had not missed a regular season professional game since the start of their career. Before the 1909 season, they were moved to shortstop after Indianapolis acquired Jimmy Burke to play third base. Midseason, Hopke missed time due to illness, ending their consecutive games played streak after being placed on the disabled list.
Appearances with the Detroit Tigers in Cuba
From October 3 to December 19, 1909, Indianapolis, the Detroit Tigers and several other American all-star clubs took part in the American Series against Almendares and Habana in Havana. On November 18, Tigers shortstop Donie Bush left Cuba to return home to their ailing mother and Hopke, who had remained in Cuba following Indianapolis' games, joined the team. In early December, the Indianapolis News reported that the Tigers' players thought highly of Hopke's fielding ability and Charlie Carr was reportedly interested in trading them to Deroit for a surplus of players.
Later career
Instead of making the permanent move to the major leagues, Hopke was sold to the Wilkes-Barre Barons in the New York State League on April 27, 1910. After hitting .302 in 1910, they were sold to the Topeka Jayhawks in the Western League on December 20, before being sold again to the Utica Utes of the same league in June.
In January 1912, they returned Cuba, and played in four games for Almendares in the Cuban League.
Hopke played with Utica until July 1913 when they jumped to the Indianapolis Hoosiers of the Federal League, which operated outside organized baseball. While playing in the Federal League, they were ruled ineligible for organized clubs by the National Baseball Commission. They only spent a few weeks with Indianapolis, and the following February they applied to be reinstated with the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues. In April 1914, they were reinstated and sold to the York White Roses. They spent time with both the Lancaster Red Roses and Reading Pretzels before the season ended. They signed with Atlanta Crackers of the Southern League in February 1915, but was released before the season began. Hopke signed with the Muskegon Reds of the Central League in February 1916. In April 1920, they announced their retirement from baseball.
References
External links
and Seamheads
1881 births
1959 deaths
Columbus Senators players
Fort Wayne Railroaders players
Canton Chinamen players
Indianapolis Indians players
Wilkes-Barre Barons (baseball) players
Utica Utes players
Topeka Jayhawks players
Almendares (baseball) players
American expatriate baseball players in Cuba
Baseball players from Ohio
The Principality of Muzaka (Albanian: Principata e Muzakajve) was an independent realm ruled by the Albanian Muzaka family with its capital at Berat, covering territories in Central and Southern Albania, and Western Macedonia. One of the first rulers was Andrea I Muzaka whose reign was recognized by the Byzantine Emperor. During the Battle of Savra, the Ottomans captured Berat from Balša II, together with Kruja and Ulcinj. They soon retreated from all of those towns keeping only Castoria under their permanent control. Some sources explain that Ottomans probably remained in Berat with intention to use it as foothold to capture Valona. By 1396 Muzaka family took over control of Berat. In 1417 the territories of the Principality, including Vlorë and Berat, became a part of the Ottoman Empire.
History
It's uncertain when the Muzaka family started to rule over Berat, however one of the first notable rulers known so far is Andrea I Muzaka who ruled over the region of Myzeqe. Principality of Berat separates into two periods of time, between the period of 1280 to 1343, and 1355 to 1417. Andrea I Muzaka established a de facto independent rule over Berat, they were also formally recognized by the Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos as they held the high Byzantine court title of sebastokrator. Some notable regions that were part of the Principality of Berat during this period are: Devoll, Berat, Skrapar, Tomorica, Selanica, Myzeqe, Korçe etc..
The Principality of Berat reached the peak of its power during the rule of Andrea II Muzaka who, according to the chronicle of Gjon Muzaka, defeated King Vukasin and was awarded with the title of Despot by the Emperor of Constantinople, the second highest title just below to that of Emperor. Andrea II expanded their territory to the maximum extent it would reach: from the Adriatic Sea between the Vjosa river and Devoll to the east, including Korça. In 1343 the Principality of Berat was conquered by the new Serbian Empire, but was recreated after that empire's fall in 1355. In an alliance with the Balsha, and the great lord of Ohrid Andrea Gropa, in 1372 Andrea Muzaka managed to also conquer Kostur from Prince Marko After the death of Andrea, the rule was passed to their son Teodor II Muzaka who in 1389 is said to have taken place in the Battle of Kosovo which had a great impact to the principality like to all other Albanian principalities of that time. Berat was conquered by the Ottoman Empire in 1417, but the Muzaka family would briefly regain their control in central Albania in 1444 after their alliance with Skanderbeg in the League of Lezhë, however after 6 years their territory would eventually be incorporated into the Ottoman Empire which would end the centuries-reign of the Muzaka noble family in Berat.
Monarchs
See also
Arianiti
Albanian principalities
History of Albania
References
Lordship of Berat
Albanian principalities
Ottoman Albania
Former countries in the Balkans
Former monarchies
The Beaumont Panthers are a basketball team in Beaumont, Texas, and members of The Basketball League (TBL).
History
From 2008 to 2011, Southeast Texas was home to a professional basketball team as a member of the ABA originally known as the Mustangs, before renaming in 2009 as the Mavericks. The team had three successful seasons and decided to become a professional basketball team. The team requested to join the NBA G League but the offer was declined. The ownership decided to sit the team out for three seasons and move the team to Shreveport, Louisiana in 2013.
On June 4, 2021 The Basketball League announced the Beaumont Panthers, led by retired professional basketball player Kendrick Perkins and their cousin, Jay McDonald, as an expansion team for the 2022 season.
References
The Basketball League teams
Sports in Beaumont, Texas
Basketball in Beaumont, Texas
2021 establishments in Texas
The Physical Tour (also known as the Physical Tour of North America and North American Tour '82) was the fifth concert tour by Australian recording artist Olivia Newton-John, in support of their 12th studio album, Physical (1981). The tour primarily visited North America the second largest by Newton-John, visiting arenas and stadiums.
The show had advanced technical aspects at the time, and was divided into four segments, determined by Newton-John costume changes and a video interlude. The tour was a commercial success and received generally positive reviews, regarded as one of the most popular and most remembered shows by the singer. Footage from the tour has been broadcast on a number of channels across the world. Olivia in Concert, a concert home video of Newton-John's performance in Ogden, Utah, was released in 1983.
Background and development
Billboard announced in July 1982 that Newton-John would embark upon a 50-date North American tour from early August, their first in four years, with a TV concert special, also was confirmed. Newton-John stated that this would be their last tour to concentrate on their film career. However, after the failure of the film Two of a Kind (1983), which they starred again with John Travolta, their film career went on hiatus, and they would return to touring 16 years after this tour.
The first attempts for the setlist included the songs "Come on Over", "Don't Stop Believin'", "Pony Ride" and the music video for "Stranger's Touch" (from Olivia Physical) as a video interlude. The jazz musician Tom Scott was the tour musical director and also played saxophone in the band. They also served as the opening act, performing songs from their album Desire (1982). Olivia's personal friend, Karen Carpenter, attended various tour shows, and considered the possibility of drumming during a few concerts, but dropped because of their deteriorating health. John Travolta also attended a show, and joined the stage with Newton-John.
The stage was created by Kenny Ortega, who also choreographed Newton-John music videos for "Physical" and "The Rumour". The technical features used in concert includes a glittery substance falling during "Silvery Rain", and three videos: an introduction montage about Olivia's career, the music video for "The Promise (The Dolphin Song)" as a video interlude, and screened credits for the band and crew members at the concert ending. Newton-John also jumped rope through "Physical". During a 1983 article for People, Newton-John declared they didn't like to tour in 1982: "Every night was like déja vu. You say to yourself, 'Haven't I just done this?'"
Legacy
Robert Hilburn from Los Angeles Times compared Debbie Gibson performance on their Out of the Blue Tour with Newton-John's Physical Tour, commenting that "recalled the most triumphant moments of Olivia Newton-John's 1982 'Physical' tour" and "as the evening progressed, it became clear that Newton-John (who exhibited a similar aerobic energy, sparkling smile and even blonde bangs) was a closer parallel". British duo Goldfrapp performed a cover of "Physical" on their 2001 concert tour. Alison Goldfrapp themselves said later that Newton-John is one of the duo inspirations.
Critical response
Jon Pareles from The New York Times commented that "purists may be offended – particularly in country music, where they dallied awhile – but pop singers like Miss Newton-John make new styles safe for mass audiences just as they're on the way out. [...] Miss Newton-John has a nearly colorless voice, distinguished mainly by the break between a perky chest register and a fragile head voice. Yet it is also extremely adaptable; onstage, they summoned country's quavers, disco's melismas, pop's directness and hard rock's percussive staccato. They sound delicate on their records, but they sang a 90-minute set with no obvious strain."
Paul Grein from Billboard wrote: "Newton-John first local apparition in five years – since their co-starring role in Grease revived and redirected their career – was a total triumph, eliciting the boisterous fan response normally seen only at rock shows. [...] Newton-John also sings with greater strengths and conviction, even on the older ballads. Them emphatic vocals gave an extra emotional dimension to the rueful 'Sam' and the plaintive 'Please Mr. Please'."
Commercial reception
The tour performed in 40 cities throughout North America, with a total of 562,428 tickets sold. The Exhibition Stadium show in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, had all of the 24,789 tickets sold. Based on 13 shows, Billboard Boxscore reported a gross of $$2,074,051 and a total boxscore of $$8,443,043. Items related to the tour that were sold include clothings, buttons and the tourbook.
Broadcast and recordings
The tour video recording was filmed in Ogden, Utah, on 12–13 October 1982. An interesting fact is that "Physical" has caused controversy in Utah after two radio stations banned the song because "lyrics are more suggestive than most songs". The video was premiered on HBO on 23 January 1983, as Olivia: Live in Concert TV special. It was later released on VHS and laserdisc by MCA Home Video as Olivia in Concert, becoming a critical and commercial success.
The video release peaked at #15 on Billboard Top Videodisks and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipment of 50,000 units in the United States. The video also gave for Newton-John nominations for a Grammy Award for Best Long Form Music Video and a CableACE Award for Actress in a Variety Program. People wrote: "Mini-clad and punk-coiffed, Livvy rocks their way through a concert taped at Weber State College in Utah. "Xanadu" and "Heart Attack" are fetching, but "Physical" is the aerobic showstopper".
Opening act
Tom Scott
Setlist
"Video Sequence"
Act 1
"Deeper Than the Night"
"Have You Never Been Mellow"
"Let Me Be There" / "If Not for You" / "Please Mr. Please" / "If You Love Me (Let Me Know)"
"Jolene"
"Sam"
"Video Sequence"
Act 2
"Xanadu"
"Magic"
"Suddenly" (performed with Dennis Tufano)
"A Little More Love"
"Video Sequence"
Act 3
"Silvery Rain"
"Falling"
"Heart Attack"
"Make a Move on Me"
"Hopelessly Devoted to You"
"You're the One That I Want" (performed with Tufano)
Encore
"Physical"
"I Honestly Love You"
Known tour dates
Box office score data
Personnel
Olivia Newton-John – vocals
Tom Scott – saxophone/musical director
Carlos Vega – drums
Buzz Feiten – guitars
Michael Landau – guitars
Robert 'Pops' Popwell – bass guitar
Kevin Bassinson – keyboards
David Iwataki – keyboards
Judith Brown – backing vocals
Dennis Tufano – backing vocals
Stephanie Spruill – backing vocals
Roger Davies – personal management, for Regency Artists, Ltd.
Source:
External links
Olivia Newton-John's official website
References
1982 concert tours
Olivia Newton-John concert tours
Yelena Vladimirovna Parfyonova (; born 26 January 1974) is a retired Kazakhstani triple jumper. Them personal best jump is 14.33 metres, achieved in June 2008 in Almaty.
They won the gold medal at the 2000 Asian Championships, the silver medal at the 2002 Asian Championships and finished fourth at the 2005 Asian Championships. They also competed at the 2000 Olympic Games, the 2005 World Championships, the 2006 World Indoor Championships, the 2007 World Championships and the 2008 Olympic Games without reaching the final.
Achievements
References
1974 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female triple jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Kazakhstan
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Kazakhstan
Fighter-bomber attacks on the United Kingdom during World War II were conducted by the German during the Second World War.
The (German fighter force) carried out these operations. Initially the raids formed part of the final stages of the Battle of Britain, and mainly targeted London. Other attacks were made against shipping, radar stations and aircraft factories. The offensive was codenamed (Operation Opera Ball) from 20 October 1940.
After the Battle of Britain, German fighter units in France persisted with these operations until 1943. Militarily the attacks were ineffective.
Attacks
After the specialist ground attack aircraft, the Junkers Ju 87, suffered heavy losses in attacks on Britain, it was decided to use modified Messerschmitt Bf 109s and Messerschmitt Bf 110 as fighter-bombers. The first unit equipped with these aircraft, Erprobungsgruppe 210, began conducting operations against shipping in the English Channel from the 13th July 1940 onwards. The unit began operations against ground targets on 12 August, when aircraft from its three squadrons () simultaneously attacked radar stations near Dover, Pevensey, Rye and Dunkirk. The unit continued fighter-bomber operations throughout July but suffered heavy losses during raids on inland targets. Casualties among the Bf 110s were particularly high, and it became clear that these large and relatively slow aircraft were not suitable as fighter-bombers. The decided to expand its fighter bomber force and an additional group equipped with modified Bf 109s became operational in August. On 2 September Hermann Göring, the Commander-in-Chief of the , directed that one squadron of each Bf 109 group was to be equipped with fighter-bombers and that these aircraft were to be used to attack the British aircraft industry and other industrial facilities.
Despite Göring's directive, only 19 fighter-bomber operations were conducted against the UK during September 1940. These operations involved 428 sorties, of which 264 were conducted against London. Four fighter-bombers were lost, one by fighters and the others to anti-aircraft guns. On 26 September, a force of fifty fighter-bombers and medium bombers attacked the Supermarine aircraft factory at Woolston, Southampton; this raid stopped all production at the factory for a period and killed more than thirty people. The Royal Air Force (RAF) shot down three of the raiders but lost six fighters. The next day, ten Bf 110 fighter-bombers escorted by other fighters attempted to attack either RAF Filton or another target near Bristol. This force was intercepted by No. 504 Squadron RAF and the Bf 110s dropped their bombs on Bristol, causing little damage.
Later in autumn, the conducted a series of attacks on London using Bf 109 fighter-bombers. These operations represented the majority of German attacks on Britain in October 1940, and the British defences had difficulty detecting and intercepting the high-flying and fast fighter-bomber formations. Due to their speed British radar stations usually provided less than 20 minutes warning before the aircraft arrived over London. The conducted 140 attacks involving 2,633 fighter-bomber sorties against London during October. Losses were light, with 29 Bf 109s being destroyed. October marked the peak of fighter-bomber operations in 1940 but attacks continued until late in the year. The rate of effort decreased during November and December as the Bf 109s needed to be used to counter RAF fighter sweeps over France and the onset of winter weather reduced flying opportunities.
Fighter-bomber operations were highly unpopular among German pilots and unit commanders, who regarded them as being ineffective and a waste of pilots' lives and aircraft. Göring reacted angrily to protests over the use of the fighters for these operations, declaring that the fighter force had failed to adequately protect the bombers and may as well be disbanded if it also proved unsuccessful in conducting ground attack operations.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Further reading
Battle of Britain
1940 in the United Kingdom
Conflicts in 1940
World War II aerial operations and battles of the Western European Theatre
Aerial operations and battles of World War II involving the United Kingdom
Aerial operations and battles of World War II involving Germany
Frederick Charles Denison CMG, MP (November 22, 1846 – April 15, 1896) was a Canadian militia officer, lawyer, and politician.
Born near Toronto, Ontario, Denison was educated Upper Canada College, and after completing their literary studies began reading law. They were called to the Ontario bar in 1870.
Their military experience began in 1865, when they joined the Canadian Militia. In 1868 they were made a lieutenant, in 1872 captain; four years later major; and in 1884 was promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. Denison saw active service during the Fenian raids in 1866 and in the Red River Expedition of 1870, as aide-de-camp to Lord Wolseley.
They were an alderman from St. Stephens ward on the Toronto City Council from 1878 to 1883. In 1881, they were elected chairperson of the executive committee. From 1884 to 1885, Denison went to Egypt in command of the Canadian Voyageurs on the Nile employed by the Imperial Government in the Sudan Campaign. They distinguished themselves during this war, and was not only given prominent mention in the dispatches but received a medal with two clasps. In 1885 they were made a companion of the Order of St Michael and St George.
They won the West Toronto Conservative nomination for the 1887 federal election over three other candidates, including incumbent parliamentarian James Beaty, Jr. They subsequently won a narrow victory over their Liberal opponent in the general election. They were re-elected in 1891, and died of stomach cancer while still in office in 1896.
References
Commemorative biographical record of the county of York, Ontario
Notes
External links
1846 births
1896 deaths
Canadian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Toronto city councillors
People of the Fenian raids
People of the Mahdist War
Deaths from stomach cancer
Canadian lawyers admitted to the practice of law by reading law
Frederick Charles
Canadian Militia officers
The Governor General's Horse Guards
Governor General's Horse Guards officers
19th-century Canadian lawyers
The United States Postal Service Roosevelt Park Station is a former United States Post Office located at 1800 18th Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2020.
History
Between 1910 and 1920, Detroit's population more than doubled. By 1922, plans were in the works to construct a new post office facility. Originally conceived as a post office and office building, by 1923 the plan had evolved to become a parcel post station to be erected in the vicinity of Michigan Central Station. By late that year, funds were allocated and a developer, Raymond D. Brown of Indianapolis, was chosen. Brown began construction in late 1923, and the postal service agreed to lease the building from them for $20,000 per year.
The building opened in 1924, but did not solve the parcel post delivery problem in Detroit. In 1925, additional parcels were obtained and construction began on another building, connected to the original. However, Detroit continued to grow, and in 1936 a new, larger Roosevelt Post Office Station was constructed on 14th Street. The Post Office moved into the new building that year, but continued to use the original Roosevelt Park Station as a garage through 1939.
In 1948, Frederic B. Stevens Inc., a metal plating and fabricating firm, moved into the original Roosevelt Park Station. At a later point, the Chope-Stevens Paper Company occupied the North Building, while Frederic B. Stevens occupied the South Building. In 1984, the APAC Paper and Packaging Company purchased the building. They used it until 2013, when the company moved to Allen Park, Michigan. The building was sold to Galapagos Art Space, but it was never utilized and became vacant. The building was purchased in 2019 by Dan Gilbert's Bedrock Detroit.
Description
The United States Postal Service Roosevelt Park Station occupies the northern part of a city block between 17th and 18th Streets, south of Newark Street and the former Michigan Central (now Canadian Pacific Railway) railroad tracks. The structure consists of two sections: a northern building constructed in 1923-1924 and a southern building constructed in 1925. The two buildings are constructed in the Commercial Brick style, with a cast-in-place concrete frame, and floor and roof slabs. The two buildings are connected on the eastern side.
The northern building is a pentagon-shaped structure three stories tall, with sides measuring approximately 138 feet (north) by 112 feet (northeast) by 138 feet (west) by 66 feet (east) by 223 feet (south). The building is faced in yellow brick, which has been painted white. Large window openings with stone sills are in every level; the first floor windows have been infilled, while the upper two stories retain large five-over-six steel multipaned windows. A pedestrian entry is located on the west side.
The southern building is rectangular and two stories tall, measuring 223 feet (north-south) by 132 feet (east-west). The south façade is made of structural concrete and terra cotta block. The eastern façade contains three large freight openings for truck loading. Most of the building has been painted white.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Detroit
Industrial buildings completed in 1924
The Lola T800 is an open-wheel racing car chassis, designed and built by Lola Cars that competed in the CART open-wheel racing series, for competition in the 1984 IndyCar season. The T800 was the Newman Haas Racing team's emergency vehicle in the CART series. The Newman-Haas team, founded by Paul Newman and Carl Haas in 1983, was only in its second season when it fielded the best-of-season vehicle, the T800. The Monoposto was powered by a Cosworth turbo engine and was driven by Mario Andretti and Danny Sullivan. From Andretti's maiden win at Meadowlands, they and Sullivan won eight straight races, with Andretti winning five times and Sullivan winning three races. However, the two drivers were unable to win the most important race of the year, the Indianapolis 500-mile race. At Indianapolis Motor Speedway, winner Rick Mears led a phalanx of five March 87Cs. Andretti secured the 1984 CART championship with the T800. It was powered by the Ford-Cosworth DFX.
References
Open wheel racing cars
American Championship racing cars
Lola racing cars
Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern () (30 August 1891 in Heiligendamm, Mecklenburg-Schwerin – 6 February 1965 in Krauchenwies, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was the eldest son of William, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. They had a twin brother, Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden, who was born a few minutes after they are.
Life
After studying forestry and economics, they served with the 5th Reserve Mountain Battalion during World War I and retired from military service in 1919 with the rank of oberst. They then managed the Hohenzollern estate in Umkirch near Freiburg im Breisgau until their father's death in 1927. During the 1920s they were engaged in a dispute with the SPD Government over the use of their princely title and royal surname. The District President of the province of Hohenzollern, Alfons Scherer, informed the authorities in a circular dated July 9, 1928 that after the death of their father, Frederick had no right to either the predicate Highness nor the title Prince of Hohenzollern, arguing that the title had expired in 1927 with the death of Wilhelm Prince of Hohenzollern. This was resolved when Frederick threatened the city of Sigmaringen with moving their administration to Munich, prompting Minister of the Interior Carl Severing to put Scherer on leave. Despite the adverse conditions during the global economic crisis of the early 1930s, Frederick managed to secure ownership of the family properties and its businesses, especially the extensive forest holdings in East Germany. They managed to buy back part of the art treasures that their father had already sold and thus save the Hohenzollern art collection. Frederick was a honorary chairperson of the Silesian Maltese Knights of Law and head of the Stahlhelm in Württemberg and Baden. Their affinity for cultivating military traditions led to a rapprochement with the Nazis. Their younger twin brother joined the SS and in 1935 the Nazi state awarded Frederick the title of Royal Highness. They were however forbidden to serve in the German military because of Hitler's 1940 Prinzenerlass decree.
Marriage and children
They married Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony, daughter of Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and Archduchess Luise, Princess of Tuscany, on 2 June 1920 in Schloss Sibyllenort, Silesia, Germany. Margarete's sister Princess Maria Alix of Saxony subsequently married their twin brother, Francis Joseph.
Frederick and Margarete Karola had seven children:
Princess Benedikta Maria Antonia Mathilde Anna of Hohenzollern (born 19 February 1921 in Sigmaringen; died 11 October 2011 in Sigmaringen), married Heinrich Maria, Count von Waldburg zu Wolfegg und Waldsee (born 16 September 1911 in Wolfegg; died 25 May 1972 in Stuttgart) on 4 January 1942, and had ten children (seven daughters and three sons)
Princess Maria Adelgunde Alice Luise Josephine of Hohenzollern (born 19 February 1921 in Sigmaringen; died 23 May 2006 in Frauenfeld), married in 1942 (div 1948) Prince Konstantin of Bavaria
Princess Maria Theresia Ludovika Cecilie Zita Elisabeth Hilda Agnes of Hohenzollern (born 11 October 1922 at Schloss Sigmaringen; died 13 December 2004)
Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Ferdinand Joseph Maria Manuel Georg Meinrad Fidelis Benedikt Michael Hubert of Hohenzollern (born 3 February 1924 at Schloss Umkirch; died 16 September 2010)
Prince Franz Josef Hubertus Maria Meinrad Michael of Hohenzollern (born 15 March 1926 at Schloss Umkirch; died 13 March 1996 in Sigmaringen), married 1st 1950 (div 1951) Princess Maria Ferdinande von Thurn und Taxis (born 19 December 1927; died 9 June 2018) and 2nd (civ) London 15 March 1955 (rel) Krauchenwies 16 April 1955 (div 1961) Princess Diana of Bourbon-Parma (born 22 May 1932 in Paris; died 4 May 2020 in Bad Krozingen), daughter of Prince Gaetano of Bourbon-Parma (the youngest child of Robert I, Duke of Parma)
Prince Johann Georg Carl Leopold Eitel-Friedrich Meinrad Maria Hubertus Michael of Hohenzollern (born 31 July 1932 at Schloss Sigmaringen; died 2 March 2016 in Munich) husband of Princess Birgitta of Sweden, sister of current King of Sweden.
Prince Ferfried Maximilian Pius Meinrad Maria Hubert Michael Justinus of Hohenzollern (born 14 April 1943-2022 at Schloss Umkirch)
Romanian succession
In 1948, soon after the deposition of king Michael of Romania the line of succession was discussed during a meeting between Michael, their uncle Prince Nicholas of Romania, and Prince Frederick. Shortly after this meeting, the spokesperson of King Carol II, in an interview with the French paper Le Figaro, expressed their strong support for Prince Frederick, additionally asserting that Michael would never regain the throne.
Honours
They received the following awards:
Ancestry
References
External links
Hohenzollern website
1891 births
1965 deaths
Princes of Hohenzollern
House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen
German landowners
People from Mecklenburg-Schwerin
Recipients of the Iron Cross, 1st class
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Flemming Niemann (born 7 August 1996) is a German footballer who plays for Schwarz-Weiß Rehden.
References
Living people
1996 births
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Arminia Bielefeld players
Karlsruher SC II players
FC Augsburg II players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
BSV Schwarz-Weiß Rehden players
3. Liga players
Oberliga (football) players
Regionalliga players
People from Minden
Sportspeople from Detmold (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Elections to the Legislative Assembly of the Indian state of Patiala and East Punjab States Union were held on 18 February 1954. 279 candidates competed for the 48 constituencies in the Assembly. There were twelve two-member constituencies and 36 single-member constituencies. Out of these, 2 single member constituencies were reserved for SC.
Results
!colspan=10|
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9; text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable" |
! Political party !! Flag !! Seats Contested !! Won !! Net change in seats !! % of Seats
! Votes !! Vote % !! Change in vote %
|- style="background: #90EE90;"
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Indian National Congress
|
| 60 || 37 || 9 || 61.67 || 6,96,979 || 43.27 || 14.61
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Shiromani Akali Dal (Mann Group)
|
| 33 || 10 || New || 16.67 || 3,34,423 || 20.76 || New
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Shiromani Akali Dal (Raman Group)
|
| 22 || 2 || New || 3.33 || 1,19,301 || 7.41 || New
|-
|
| style="text-align:left;" |Communist Party of India
|
| 10 || 4 || 2 || 6.67 || 97,690 || 6.06 || 1.29
|-
|
|
| 139 || 7 || 1 || 11.67 || 3,42,787 || 21.28 || N/A
|- class="unsortable" style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
! colspan = 3|
! style="text-align:center;" |Total seats !! 60 ( 0) !! style="text-align:center;" |Voters !! 26,48,175 !! style="text-align:center;" |Turnout !! colspan = 2|16,10,909 (60.83%)
|}
Elected members
State Reorganization and Merger
On 1 November 1956, Patiala and East Punjab States Union was merged into Punjab under States Reorganisation Act, 1956.
See also
Patiala and East Punjab States Union Legislative Assembly
1954 elections in India
1952 Patiala and East Punjab States Union Legislative Assembly election
1952 Punjab Legislative Assembly election
1957 Punjab Legislative Assembly election
References
State Assembly elections in Punjab, India
1950s in Punjab, India
1954 State Assembly elections in India
Idrettslaget Averøykameratene is a Norwegian association football club from Averøy, Møre og Romsdal.
The men's football team currently plays in the Third Division, the fourth tier of Norwegian football. It had a stint in the Norwegian Second Division before being relegated after the 1999 season. In 2002 they won their Third Division group, and in the two-leg playoff they beat Bergsøy IL 6–1 on aggregate. They were relegated from the 2003 Norwegian Second Division. In 2006 they prevailed again, beating Skarbøvik IF 5–4 on aggregate, but they were relegated from the 2007 Norwegian Second Division.
References
Official site
Football clubs in Norway
Sport in Møre og Romsdal
Association football clubs established in 1951
1951 establishments in Norway
Masta Ace Incorporated was an American hip hop crew formed by rapper Masta Ace.
History
The group, also known as The I.N.C., included Eyceurokk (Eyce, Uneek and Rokkdiesel), Lord Digga, Paula Perry and R&B vocalist Leschea. Ace first gained notice in the rap world as a member of the legendary Juice Crew, and with the release of their acclaimed 1990 debut Take a Look Around, which featured an appearance from Eyceurokk. In 1992, Ace formed the I.N.C. crew and recorded their first group album, SlaughtaHouse, which was released in May 1993. Ace provided almost all of the rapping, with Lord Digga serving as the hype-man. Digga was also responsible for a bulk of the beats, producing five of the album's songs as part of the duo Bluez Brothers. Paula Perry was the main performer on the song "Who U Jackin'?", Leschea provided vocals for "Don't Fuck Around (Outro)", and Eyceurokk appeared on the tracks '"Slaughtahouse"' (as MC Negro & Ignant MC), "Ain't U Da Masta" and "Saturday Nite Live". The album was highly acclaimed, but sold only moderately well. Some versions of SlaughtaHouse included the hidden bonus track, "Born to Roll", which became a huge hit in 1994, breaking into the Top 25 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. Eyceurokk split from the crew after SlaughtaHouse, leaving the group to four members.
In 1995, the crew released their second album, Sittin' On Chrome, which featured "Born to Roll", as well as two more Hot 100 hit singles, "The I.N.C. Ride" and "Sittin' on Chrome". The album, produced by Ace, Bluez Bruthas (Lord Digga and Witch Doctor), Uneek and Louie Vega, featured a sound Ace called "Brooklyn Bass Music". The album was also highly acclaimed, and sold better than SlaughtaHouse, but still wasn't able to push a strong amount of units. The crew split up in 1996, after Ace began having personal conflicts with Lord Digga and Paula Perry. Ace was largely missing from the scene until 2001, when they returned with their acclaimed solo album Disposable Arts. According to a 2006 interview on Prince Paul's XM Radio show, Ace stated that they and Lord Digga are finally speaking again, but Ace has yet to collaborate with either Digga or Paula Perry since the crew's break-up. However, they did work with Leschea on "Type I Hate" from their 2001 album, Disposable Arts and "Bklyn Masala" from their 2004 album, A Long Hot Summer.
Discography
See also
Masta Ace
African-American musical groups
Hip hop groups from New York City
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups from Brooklyn
The War of the Hungarian Succession (1490–1494) was a war of succession triggered by the death of King Matthias Corvinus I of Hungary and Croatia (r. 1458–1490).
Name
There is no commonly used name for this war in historiography. However, there is agreement in historical literature that the casus belli was the death of Matthias Corvinus, who except for their illegitimate son John Corvinus had no legitimate heir, and thus several rival claimants began to wage war to succeed them as king of Hungary and Croatia. Descriptions that have been used by various scholars include 'War of (the) Hungarian Succession' and 'the succession struggle'.
Claimants
John Corvinus (Hungarian: Corvin János), the illegitimate son of Matthias Corvinus and their mistress Barbara Edelpöck. Matthias had spent the last few years of their life primarily to securing John as their successor.
Vladislaus (alias Vladislav, Wladislas and Ulászló), the king of Bohemia, from the Jagiellonian dynasty. They would eventually win the war and become known as king Vladislaus II of Hungary and Croatia.
John Albert (Polish: Jan Olbracht), Vladislaus' brother and also from the Jagiellonian dynasty, who would become the king of Poland in 1492 as John I.
Maximilian I, Holy Roman Emperor and archduke of Austria, from the House of Habsburg. They raised claims based on the Habsburg–Hunyadi treaty.
War
Struggle for the crown
Matthias Corvinus died unexpectedly in Vienna on 6 April 1490. By the time the noblemen assembled to elect their successor in May, four candidates laid claim to the throne. John Corvinus was primarily supported by barons and prelates who owned estates along the southern frontier (including Lawrence Újlaki and Peter Váradi, Archbishop of Kalocsa). Maximilian of Habsburg referred to the 1463 Peace Treaty of Wiener Neustadt, which prescribed that Emperor Frederick or their heirs were to inherit Hungary if Matthias died without a legitimate heir. Vladislaus claimed Hungary as the eldest son of the sister of Matthias's predecessor, Ladislaus the Posthumous. However, their parents, who wanted to secure a separate realm to their each son, proposed Vladislaus's younger brother, John Albert.
Most Hungarian barons and prelates preferred Vladislaus, because their rule in Bohemia had indicated that they would respect their liberties. Vladislaus also pledged that they would marry Matthias's wealthy widow, Beatrice of Naples, after their coronation. Their two supporters, Stephen Báthory and Paul Kinizsi, defeated John Corvinus on 4 July. The Diet of Hungary elected Vladislaus king on 15 July. Vladislaus who had left Prague for Hungary in late June issued a charter promising to refrain from imposing extraordinary taxes or introducing other "harmful novelties" and to closely cooperate with the Royal Council. They reached Buda (the capital of Hungary) on 9 August. They met their brother, who had marched as far as Pest on the opposite side of the Danube River, but they did not reach a compromise.
Vladislaus was crowned king on 18 September in Székesfehérvár. In accordance with the promise they made after their election, they settled in Buda. In their absence, Bohemia was administered by the great officers of state, especially the Burgrave of Prague and the Chancellor. Moravia, Silesia and Lusatia had acknowledged their rule soon after Matthias Corvinus's death. Although Vladislaus pledged that the three provinces would be attached to the Hungarian Crown until the money stipulated in the Peace of Olomouc was paid to the Hungarian treasury, the Estates of the Bohemian Crown argued that the personal union under their rule made that stipulation void. The 400,000 gold florins were never paid.
John Albert did not renounce Hungary after Vladislaus's coronation. They captured Eger and laid siege to Kassa (Košice in Slovakia) in September. Vladislaus married Beatrice of Naples in Esztergom on 4 October, but the marriage was kept secret, although they gave considerable funds to them to finance their campaigns for Hungary. Maximilian of Habsburg also invaded Hungary and seized Szombathely, Veszprém and Székesfehérvár by the end of November. Vladislaus's supporters relieved Kassa in early December, and Maximilian withdrew from Hungary before the end of the year, because they could not finance their campaign. John Albert renounced their claim to Hungary in exchange for the Duchy of Głogów and the suzerainty over half of Silesia on 20 February 1491.
Vladislaus's troops had meanwhile expelled the army of Maximilian of Habsburg from Hungary. In the Peace of Pressburg, signed on 7 November 1491, Vladislaus renounced all territories that Matthias Corvinus had conquered in Austria and also acknowledged the Habsburgs' right to inherit Hungary and Bohemia if they died without a son. The Hungarian-Czech Black Army of 18,000 soldiers commanded by Stephen Zápolya routed John Albert at the Battle of Eperjes (Prešov in Slovakia) on 24 December 1491, forcing them to abandon their claim to Hungary.
Ottoman invasions and Black Army mutiny
Although the succession dispute itself was practically settled in late 1491, the war was far from over, as the Ottoman Empire sought to exploit Hungary and Croatia's internal instability by invading to make territorial gains, while the Black Army mutinied due to a lack of wages. The first Ottoman incursion into Hungary was repelled at the Battle of Vrpile in early September 1491.
The Black Army was sent to the south region to fight the Ottoman invasions. While waiting for their wages, they sought plunder in the nearby villages. The National Council ordered Paul Kinizsi to stop the plundering at all costs. They arrived in Szegednic-Halászfalu in late August 1492, where they dispersed the Black Army led by Haugwitz. Of the 8,000 members, 2,000 were able to escape to western Styria, where they continued to pillage the countryside. The prisoners were escorted to Buda, where the Black Army was officially disbanded and they were allowed to leave abroad under the condition never to come back and claim their payment. They joined the forces already in Austria. They confronted Count Georg Eynczinger on 7 May 1493, at Thaya, where they were all killed or captured and tortured to death. The last remaining mercenaries were integrated into local garrisons, such as the one in Nándorfehérvár (Belgrade) under the leadership of Balthasar Tettauer, brother of Wilhelm Tettauer. They were so frustrated about their financial status that they allied with Ottoman Mihaloğlu Ali Bey to handle secretly the fort to their Sultan, Bayezid II. When their plan surfaced, Paul Kinizsi intervened in May 1494 before their act could take place. They arrested the captain and their crew for treason and starved them to death. As the last Ottoman army had been defeated at Villach in 1493, the disappearance of the Black Army concluded the war.
References
Sources
1490s conflicts
15th century in Hungary
Wars involving the Ottoman Empire
Wars involving Hungary
Hungary
Territorial evolution of Hungary
André Boucher (5 May 1910, Bernay, Eure – 27 January 1993, Rouen) was a French moderate professional racing cyclist and a talented coach who trained the Tour de France winner, Jacques Anquetil, and the world champion, Jean Jourden.  They are remembered by a memorial in Rouen.
Death and memorial
Boucher died when they were 82, in 1993. Jacky Hardy, a Sotteville rider who became a professional and then worked with the Canadian national team in Europe, said: "He was a great man. They were perhaps more of an administrator than a technician but with what we know now about preparation, we can see that what they did wasn't so far from what we do now."
Boucher is remembered by a memorial at the Antenne roundabout, near the Paradis bend on the old Circuit des Essarts at Rouen. It stands not far from the rue Jacques Anquetil. Inaugurated in June 2006, the plaque reads: "Hommage to André Boucher, 1910-1993, emblematic official and trainer of the Auto-Cycle Sottevillais. They trained numerous champions and gave the club one of the most glorious record of successes of French amateur cycling." The memorial is a stylised face talking or shouting to a passing cyclist.
References
1910 births
1993 deaths
People from Bernay, Eure
French male cyclists
French cycling coaches
Sportspeople from Eure
Cyclists from Normandy
The Kelly M. West Award for Outstanding Achievement in Epidemiology is an honor bestowed by the American Diabetes Association. It has been awarded annually to an individual since 1986. The award is named in honor of Kelly M. West.
Winners
Source:
See also
List of medicine awards
References
Medicine awards
American science and technology awards
Awards by scientific societies
Epidemiology
Tirap Gaon, Ledo also known as Tirap Colliery, is a small village in Margherita Tehsil in Tinsukia District of north-eastern state Assam, India. It is located around 3 km away from the nearest town Ledo, 11 km away from sub-divisional town Margherita and 60 km away from district headquarters Tinsukia. Tirap Gaon is connected to Makum by National Highway 38 (old numbering).
The Indian census counts Tirap Gaon as two villages: No.1 and No.2.
This place is known for opencast coal mining since 1983 under North Eastern Coalfields, a unit of Coal India Limited. In 2018–2019, an international team of researchers discovered fossil impressions of two previously unknown species of bamboo (Bambusiculmus tirapensis and Bambusiculmus makumensis) in the Tirap coalmine. These fossils date back to about 25 million years ago, falling in the late Oligocene period. This discovery strengthened the theory that bamboo came to Asia from India and not from Europe. It also challenged the previous hypothesis that Asian bamboo spread from the Yunnan region of China to India.
Nearest town and villages
Ledo, Assam
Lekhapani
Margherita
Tipong
Jagun
References
External links
M.D.K. Girls' College, Dibrugarh made an educational tour to Tirap Colliery
NEC Coal India Limited flayed for dismissing 340 security guards
Students' protest hits in Ledo Tirap coal field
Cities and towns in Tinsukia district
Tinsukia
Vasilios Rentzas (; born 16 April 1992) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a right back for Super League 2 club Kallithea.
Career
Born in Melivoia, Rentzas played as an amateur at the local team Filoktitis, until they signed a 5-year professional contract with AEL, in 15 June 2010. They made their professional club debut in 26 October 2010 playing against Ethnikos Piraeus during the 4th round of the Greek Football Cup.
On August 2011, Rentzas was released from their contract with AEL after the club was relegated at the end of the 2010-11 season, and went on to sign a 5-year contract with Superleague Cretan side Ergotelis on August 30, 2011. Their contract was renewed for another year on 1 September, 2015. After the team withdrew from professional competitions in January 2016, due to major financial problems, Rentzas, who was one of the team's veterans with 61 appearances and 1 goal over the course of 4,5 years and part of only 17 players who had stayed with the club until the very end, was released from their professional contract. Consequently, on 30 January 2016 they returned to AEL once more signing a 2,5-year contract. On July 11, 2018 their move to Panionios got announced.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at Onsports.gr
http://www.ael1964.gr/inside.asp?lang=el&pid=3&sel=0&ch=592
http://www.imscouting.com/players/vasilios-rentzas/
1992 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Athlitiki Enosi Larissa F.C. players
Ergotelis F.C. players
Panionios F.C. players
Super League Greece players
Association football midfielders
People from Larissa (regional unit)
Footballers from Thessaly
Hessie Donahue (1874–1961) was an American matron and stunt boxer, the first person to knock out John L. Sullivan.
They married Charles Converse, owner of a boxing school in Worcester, Massachusetts.
In 1892, Converse was invited to join Sullivan in an exhibition tour of theatres. Donahue went along and was asked to spar with Sullivan in a vaudeville act. The idea was that when the champion had dealt with all comers, they would announce that they had been challenged by a woman.
With the crowd buzzing, Donahue would step into the ring, wearing a blouse, bloomers and boxing gloves. They would then spar with Sullivan until the curtain came down.
But one night in Arkansas, this act got out of hand. Sullivan accidentally punched Donahue in the face and they countered with a full right to their jaw that dropped them unconscious to the floor for a full minute. The crowd loved it and the punch was kept as part of the act.
Personal life
Donahue was married and widowed four times.
They died in 1961.
References
External links
1874 births
1961 deaths
American women boxers
Vaudeville performers
Patrick Leland Rapp (born July 13, 1967) is an American former professional baseball right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB).
Early life and career
Rapp was a student at Sulphur High School in Sulphur, Louisiana. After high school, Rapp attended the University of Southern Mississippi. They were drafted by the San Francisco Giants in the 15th round of the 1989 amateur draft. Rapp's career through the Giants' minor league system included stops at Pocatello, Idaho, Clinton, Iowa, San Jose, California, Shreveport, Louisiana, and Phoenix, Arizona before getting called up to the big leagues by the Giants in 1992 at the age of 24. Rapp had three children when they were called up to the major leagues.
Major league career
Rapp's major league debut was on July 10, 1992 as they pitched two scoreless innings against the Montreal Expos. They finished the season 0–2, with an ERA of 7.00 in 10 innings pitched. On November 17, 1992 during the 1992 Major League Expansion Draft held for the newly minted Florida Marlins and Colorado Rockies, Rapp was selected in the first round with the tenth overall pick by the Marlins. During the Marlins' first season in 1993, Rapp went 4–6 with a 4.02 ERA in 94 innings. During the strike shortened 1994 season, Rapp compiled a record of 7–8 with a 3.85 ERA, two complete games and their first career shutout. On September 18, 1995 Rapp pitched a one hitter on the road against the Rockies as the Marlins won 17–0. The only hit given up by Rapp was a bloop single by Dante Bichette in the fourth inning. It was only the second shutout loss suffered by the Rockies in 1995. In 1995, Rapp had a record of 14–7 with an ERA of 3.44. They had a stretch where they went 11–2 after the All-Star break.
In November 1995, Rapp had a surgery for a herniated disc in their back, but made it to spring training in 1996. During the 1996 season, Rapp went 8–16 with an ERA of 5.10. Rapp's 16 losses led the National League, along with Frank Castillo of the Chicago Cubs. In 1997, Rapp returned after an offseason training regimen of throwing footballs to build arm strength. They threw a shutout against the Rockies early in April, their first shutout since 1995. After starting the season 4–6 with an ERA of 4.47, Rapp was traded to the team which first drafted him, the San Francisco Giants for minor league pitchers Brandon Leese and Bobby Rector. Rapp finished up the 1997 season with San Francisco with a 1–2 record and an ERA of 6.00.
They were granted free agency on December 21, 1997 and signed with the Kansas City Royals on January 22, 1998. Rapp's 1998 season with Kansas City saw them finish 12–13, with a career high in strikeouts with 132 and an ERA of 5.30. The Royals granted Rapp free agency in December 1998 and they signed another one-year deal, this with the Boston Red Sox on January 11, 1999. Rapp went 6–7 for Boston with an ERA of 4.12. Their 90 strikeouts were second on the Red Sox behind staff ace Pedro Martínez. Rapp worked 1.0 inning in the 1999 playoffs, against the New York Yankees, allowing one walk. After their one season in Boston, Rapp was granted free agency on November 2, 1999 and signed with the Baltimore Orioles on January 28, 2000. Rapp stated that all of their other offers at the time were non roster invitations. Rapp started the 2000 campaign 3–0, then learned that their father was ill with a lethal bacterial infection, sustained from cutting their leg while fishing. The infection caused the leg to swell to three times its normal size and put them into a coma. Rapp's form began to falter, their father dying in the middle of the 2000 season. Emotionally drained, Rapp returned to the Orioles on August 18 and pitched against the Royals, retiring 17 consecutive batters from the first inning onwards. Rapp finished their lone season with the Orioles with a mark of 9–12, a 5.90 ERA and 106 strikeouts.
Rapp was once again granted free agency on October 31, 2000 and signed by the Angels on December 11 of that year. Rapp's final season in the majors proved to be 2001; they finished the campaign with a record of 5–12 and an ERA of 4.68, with one complete game. They were granted free agency once again in November 2001. Rapp was signed by the Pirates to a minor league contract. In 2002, Rapp pitched in spring training, but was released on March 21. They felt that the team was not giving them enough chances to make the starting rotation. In four spring appearances, Rapp allowed 10 earned runs and 16 hits in 10.1 innings. General manager Dave Littlefield said that Rapp was not given their unconditional release due to the fact of their complaints but because they "Could not pitch deep into games. They have trouble after a couple of innings." Rapp threw a low 90s fastball, cutter and curveball.
External links
1967 births
Living people
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Anaheim Angels players
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Louisiana
Boston Red Sox players
Charlotte Knights players
Clinton Giants players
Edmonton Trappers players
Florida Marlins players
Hind Eagles baseball players
Kansas City Royals players
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Jennings, Louisiana
Phoenix Firebirds players
Pocatello Giants players
San Francisco Giants players
San Jose Giants players
Shreveport Captains players
Southern Miss Golden Eagles baseball players
The Sands of Egypt are a 1982 graphic adventure game written by James Garon, Ralph Burris, and Steve Bjork of Datasoft for the TRS-80 Color Computer. It was licensed to Tandy Corporation and was the first disk-only game for the Color Computer sold by RadioShack. Ports to the Atari 8-bit family in 1982 and Apple II in 1983 were published by Datasoft. Set in 1893, the game follows a British explorer and archaeologist who is lost in the desert. Text commands are entered in the lower half of the screen, while a sometimes animated image of the current location is displayed in the upper half.
Gameplay
The top half of the screen shows an image of the current location. The player interacts with the game by typing commands in the bottom half, as in an interactive fiction game. Commands are either in a "VERB NOUN" format or single words such as N for "move north". The number of moves made is tracked as the score and can be displayed via the SCORE command. The player needs to periodically drink water to stay alive.
Reception
Owen Linzmayer, reviewing the Color Computer original for Creative Computing, wrote "In comparison with other adventures, The Sands of Egypt does feel a bit shallow" and "the game relies strongly on perseverence and patience." In Electronic Games, Tracie Forman didn't mention the puzzles, but wrote "By far the most striking thing about The Sands of Egypt is its eye-pleasing animation" and called it "an exceptional gaming experience."
In a walkthrough of part of the game for TRS-80 Microcomputer News, Bruce Elliott discussed the HELP command:
See also
The Dallas Quest, similarly styled game from Datasoft
References
External links
TRS-80 Color Computer game manual
Review in Softline
Review in Page 6
Review in Page 6
Casus Belli #22 (Oct 1984)
1982 video games
Adventure games
Apple II games
Atari 8-bit family games
Datasoft games
TRS-80 Color Computer games
Video games developed in the United States
Video games set in Egypt
Single-player video games
The Times Colonist is an English-language daily newspaper in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. It was formed by the Sept. 2, 1980 merger of the Victoria Daily Times, established in 1884, and the British Colonist (later the Daily Colonist), established in 1858 by Amor De Cosmos who was later British Columbia's second Premier. The British Colonist was B.C.'s first paper "of any permanence". De Cosmos was the editor until 1866 when D.W. Higgins took over — they would remain in the role for the next twenty years.
Local news receives the greatest prominence in the Times Colonist. Stories and photographs about Greater Victoria are often featured on the front page. The newspaper also has national and international stories, plus sections covering the arts, sports, and business. The Times Colonist has a website as well as an e-edition, which offers a digital replica of the printed pages.
According to News Media Canada, the Times Colonist saw an average daily circulation of 58,297 in 2015. From 2016 to present, the average press run was below 31,000 copies daily. The Times Colonist is published six days a week (Tuesday to Sunday) and is sold by subscription or at newsstands.
History
On Aug. 2, 1980, The Daily Colonist newspaper front page proclaimed "Merger pains lead to birth of new daily". Victoria Press Ltd., which produced both the Daily Colonist and the Victoria Times, could no longer sustain both competing newspapers without making significant financial cuts, Vice-President Colin McCullough wrote in a statement. Instead, both papers would fold, in what the paper called "the demise of two of Canada's oldest newspapers". The newly-formed Times-Colonist newspaper would be delivered twice-daily and subscriptions would continue to cost 5 dollars a month, although the newsstand price of the Saturday paper would rise from 5 to 35 cents.
The merger resulted in layoffs — 53 full-time and eight part-time employees were let go, resulting in challenges from union representatives and fired staffers.
The first edition of the Times Colonist was published Sept. 2, 1980. In 1983, the newspaper stopped printing both a morning and afternoon edition and moved to daily morning publication.
A two-storey Victoria Press Building had been constructed on Douglas Street in 1971, replacing smaller offices built on the same street in 1951. The Victoria Press Building remained the headquarters of the Times Colonist after the 1980 merger and up until the building's sale in 2017. The Victoria Heritage Society has deemed the building architecturally notable for its "characteristics of the Late Modern style including its pre-cast concrete panels, exposed aggregate stucco cladding [...] and its full-height central entryway with rounded pre-cast concrete walls."
In 1998, Southam Newspapers bought the Times Colonist. Two years later, it was sold again to CanWest Publications. On July 13, 2010, the Postmedia Network acquired CanWest Publications and all of its assets, including the Times Colonist.
On Oct. 18, 2011, the Postmedia Network announced it would sell the Times Colonist, Nanaimo Daily News and Alberni Valley Times, as well as 20 weekly and bi-weekly community papers, to Glacier Media for $86.5 million.
In 2017, the Victoria Press Building was sold to Merchant House Capital. In 2018, the newspaper announced it would no longer print its own paper, allowing staff to focus on the content and distribution of the newspaper. Since Oct. 1, 2018, the newspaper has been printed by Black Press in Ladysmith. The newspaper offices were moved in 2020 to Upper Harbour Place, a mixed-used residential and office building on Tyee Road in Victoria West.
In June 2019, it was announced the first 122 years of the British Colonist (later, the Daily Colonist) would be available online, with free access, through the efforts of the Times Colonist, the University of Victoria and other funding partners. The digitized newspaper collection is reported to be one of the most popular database on the university's website.
On May 28, 2022, the Times Colonist reported its former building would reopen that summer — new tenants include a brewery and commercial kitchen space. The newspaper will not be returning to the building as a tenant when it reopens.
Circulation
The Times Colonist has seen a decline in print circulation in the last decade. Its total circulation dropped by percent to 58,297 copies daily from 2009 to 2015. From 2016 to present, the average press run was below 31,000 copies daily.
Daily average
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
The British Colonist 1858-1980
Mass media in Victoria, British Columbia
Publications established in 1980
Daily newspapers published in British Columbia
1980 establishments in British Columbia
The 1999 PBA season was the 25th season of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Season highlights
A new era began with the entry of Fil-foreign cagers such as Asi Taulava and Eric Menk.
During the opening ceremonies, the PBA honored basketball greats in their respective era as the all-time first five, nominated in each decade from 1950s-1990s were Caloy Loyzaga, Narciso Bernardo, Robert Jaworski, Hector Calma and Alvin Patrimonio, surprisingly absent from the list was Ramon Fernandez, who was then the MBA Commissioner.
The opening ceremonies for the said season went head-to-head against the opening ceremonies of rival league, MBA, involving the TV network war. The PBA sought the alliance of GMA Network who facilitated their opening ceremonies while MBA used ABS-CBN's roster of stars for its opening ceremonies.
The PBA transferred from the Cuneta Astrodome to the PhilSports Arena as their main playing venue.
The league changes their playdates from Tuesdays, Fridays, and Sundays to Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays. Friday games were still held exclusively at the Araneta Coliseum while the Sunday games are played at the PhilSports Arena.
The Tanduay Rhum Masters returned to the PBA after a 12-year absence.
During the off-season, the league allowed each team to have a direct-hire Filipino-Foreigner recruit as their answer to the increasing popularity of rival basketball league, the Metropolitan Basketball Association.
Formula Shell became the 10th team to win the All-Filipino crown, and won their first back-to-back championships, the underdog Shell team led by Benjie Paras, Victor Pablo and Gerry Esplana, defied the odds by beating the stronger Tanduay ballclub, composed of powerhouse rookies Sonny Alvarado, Mark Telan, Chris Cantonjos and Eric Menk.
The San Miguel Beermen, under new coach Jong Uichico, ended a five-year title-drought and won the final two conferences of the season to tie the legendary Crispa Redmanizers for the most championships with 13.
Opening ceremonies
The muses for the participating teams are as follows:
1999 PBA All-Filipino Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
1999 PBA Commissioner's Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
1999 PBA Governors' Cup
Elimination round
Playoffs
Finals
|}
Awards
Most Valuable Player: Benjie Paras (Shell)
Rookie of the Year: Danny Seigle (San Miguel)
Sportsmanship Award: Rey Evangelista (Purefoods)
Most Improved Player: Elmer Lago (Ginebra)
Defensive Player of the Year: Chris Jackson (Formula Shell)
Mythical Five
Johnny Abarrientos (Alaska)
Jeffrey Cariaso (Mobiline)
Sonny Alvarado (Tanduay)
Benjie Paras (Shell)
Danny Seigle (San Miguel)
Mythical Second Team
Olsen Racela (San Miguel)
Danny Ildefonso (San Miguel)
Eric Menk (Tanduay)
Jojo Lastimosa (Alaska)
Kenneth Duremdes (Alaska)
All Defensive Team
Chris Jackson (Shell)
Freddie Abuda (San Miguel)
Johnny Abarrientos (Alaska)
Dindo Pumaren (Purefoods)
Eric Menk (Tanduay)
Awards given by the PBA Press Corps
Coach of the Year:Perry Ronquillo (Shell)
Mr. Quality Minutes: Rodney Santos (Alaska)
Executive of the Year: Jun Bernardino (PBA commissioner)
Comeback Player of the Year: Benjie Paras (Shell)
Referee of the Year: Ernie de Leon
Cumulative standings
References
Jess & Matt is the self-titled debut studio album by Jess & Matt. The album includes re-recorded tracks they performed on the seventh season of The X Factor Australia, where they came third. The album was released through Sony Music Australia on 16 December 2015, which peaked at number nine on the ARIA Albums Chart. It was preceded by its lead single "Nothing Matters", which debuted at number 29 on the ARIA Singles Chart.
Reception
Lucy Barber-Hancock from Renowned for Sound said; "Jess and Matt provide the kind of well-trained pop vocals which are the ideal blank canvas to carry all of their chosen tunes, whilst still allowing their unique brand of folk-pop to flow right through the album in the form of nifty finger-picked guitars and the pure tone of their vocal acrobatics."
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2015 debut albums
Sony Music Australia albums
Selma is an unincorporated community in Madison Township, Clark County, Ohio, USA.
History
Selma was platted in 1842 when the Xenia and Columbus Pike was extended to that point. A post office called Selma was established in 1841, and remained in operation until 1967. Selma was a station on the Underground Railroad.
References
Unincorporated communities in Clark County, Ohio
1842 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1842
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Crown Artillery Regiment () was an artillery regiment of the Royal Danish Army. On 1 August 1982 it was merged with the Zealand Artillery Regiment to form the King's Artillery Regiment.
History
In 1684 three artillery corps were formed, Danske Artillerikorps, Holstenske Artillerikorps and Norske Artillerikorps. They were merged in 1764 to one corps, Det kongelige Artillerikorps. Kronens Artilleriregiment traces its origin back to this corps. In 1803 it was split up into three brigades, Danske Artilleribrigade, Holstenske Artilleribrigade (the later Zealand Artillery Regiment) and Norske Artilleribrigade (disbanded in 1814).
Unit
1st Armoured Artillery Battalion (1961-1982)
2nd Artillery Battalion (1961-1982)
14th Light Artillery Battalion (1961-1982)
16th Light Artillery Battalion (1974-1982)
1st Anti Air Artillery Battalion (1970-1974)
13th Anti Air Artillery Battalion (1970-1982)
Names of the regiment
References
Lærebog for Hærens Menige, Hærkommandoen, March 1960
Artillery regiments of Denmark
Military units and formations established in 1764
Karavilai is a place in Marthandam in Kanniyakumari district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Karavilai comes under town panchayat of Nallur (Nalloor), Kanyakumari District. The area is full of greenery and there is passage of shallow of water in the region. Soil found around Marthandam is one of the most fertile lands of Tamil Nadu and the region has the climatic conditions of Kerala.
Tamil is the official language of this region however, most of the people understand Malayalam since it is located neighbouring Kerala.
Geography
Area is full of greenery consist of banana, rubber, coconut plantations etc.
Climate
Transport
Roadways
This place has bus services from Marthandam. Road from Karavilai connect with nearby places such as Pallanvilai, Karavilaagam, and Marthandam.
Nearby Bus Stand is the Marthandam New Bus Stand Which is at a distance of 2 km from Karavilai.
Air
The nearest airport is Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) International Airport which is 40 km from Karavilai.
Railways
Kuzhithurai (Marthandam) railway station is situated at a distance of 1.5 km from Karavilai . This railway station collection is more than seven crore per annum and a daily passenger patronage of more than 50,000 people. The station has two platforms and falls on the Kanyakumari—Trivandrum line in the Trivandrum Division of the Southern Railway zone. Most of all daily trains passing through the station halts in Kuzhithurai station.
Daily Passenger trains to Nagercoil, Trivandrum, Kanyakumari, Tirunelveli, Madurai, Kottayam and Kollem.
It has direct trains for Chennai, Madurai, Trivandrum, Bangalore, Jammu, Mumbai C.S.T etc.
Religion
The town has 2 churches. C.S.I Church, Karavilai. and Kirubasanam Church of Christ, Karavilai. TPM Church, Bethel Street, Marthandam; which is 2 km from Karavilai.
Landmarks
Primary Agriculture Co-operative Credit Society, Karavilai.
Government Public Library, Karavilai. Government library with good collection of books, magazines and Tamil daily newspapers is available.
MARK Cashew Nut Factory, Karavilai.
Govt. Higher Secondary School, Nalloor (Nallur), which is 1 km apart.
Tip Top Tailors, Karavilai.
Neduvaali Pond, Karavilai.
Sports
Cricket is the most popular game here. Games such as Volleyball, Kabaddi, Goli also played here.
Photo gallery
See also
Kuzhithurai Railway Station
Marthandam
Nallur, Kanyakumari
References
External links
Official Website of Kanyakumari district
Kuzhithurai Railway Station details
Cities and towns in Kanyakumari district
Max Mathiasin (born 24 February 1956) is a French politician who has been a member of the National Assembly since 2017, representing Guadeloupe's 3rd constituency.
References
Living people
1956 births
Deputies of the 15th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Deputies of the 16th National Assembly of the French Fifth Republic
Black French politicians
Guadeloupean politicians
People from Deshaies
The 1964 NC State Wolfpack football team represented North Carolina State University during the 1964 NCAA University Division football season. The Wolfpack were led by 11th-year head coach Earle Edwards and played their home games at Riddick Stadium in Raleigh, North Carolina. They competed as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference, finishing as conference champions with a record of 5–2.
Schedule
References
NC State
NC State Wolfpack football seasons
Atlantic Coast Conference football champion seasons
NC State Wolfpack football
Estelle Etterre (sometimes billed as Belle Hare; July 26, 1899 – March 7, 1996) was an American actor. They appeared in many early 1930s Hal Roach films, such as the Laurel and Hardy short films County Hospital, The Chimp (both 1932) and Our Relations (1936). They also had minor parts in Our Gang short films Free Eats, Choo-Choo!, The Pooch, Forgotten Babies and Free Wheeling. They later appeared in the Abbott and Costello film In The Navy and their last film was The Manchurian Candidate (1962).
Personal life
Estelle Etterre was born on July 26, 1899, in San Francisco, California. Them father was William Howard Frederick and their mother Carrie May Case.
On June 3, 1920, they married Josef Werner Makk Jr. in Los Angeles. On February 22, 1925, Makk had died and by 1940 Etterre was earning $2,500 per year. They married again on April 3, 1943, to Donald Hyde Clough in Los Angeles, they later divorced.
Filmography
Film
In all their films they only took minor roles, many of which they were not credited for
[*] Credited as Belle Hare
Television
The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show (1954)
It's a Great Life (1955)
Leave It to Beaver (1961)
The Lucy Show (1964)
References
External links
1899 births
1996 deaths
American film actores
American television actores
Actresses from San Francisco
Actresses from Newport Beach, California
Hal Roach Studios actors
Burials at Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Glendale)
Our Gang
20th-century American actores
Sylvan S. Byck (July 17, 1904 – July 8, 1982 (pronounced "bike") was an American editor and cartoonist, who was the comic strip editor for King Features Syndicate for over 30 years, in which position they evaluated "up to 2000 comics submissions a year."
Early life
Sylvan Byck was born July 17, 1904 in Otisville, New York. After graduating from the Pratt Institute, Byck worked for various newspapers, including as an editorial cartoonist at the Brooklyn Times-Union and The Seattle Times.
Career
In 1937, Byck joined King Features Syndicate, where they edited Pictorial Review; during the Second World War, they served as "cable editor" for International News Service. In 1945, they became King's comics editor.
Among the multiple projects that they purchased were Mort Walker's Beetle Bailey (which they saved from cancellation by relaying to Walker the suggestion that the strip's college-student protagonist should join the United States Army) and Hi and Lois, for which Byck and Walker independently suggested recruiting Dik Browne as illustrator (Browne later recalled that, when first contacted by Byck, they assumed that it was Stan Drake playing a prank). As well, Byck suggested that Bob Weber produce a strip of their own; Weber subsequently created Moose Miller. Other strips in whose launching they were "instrumental" included Buz Sawyer, Redeye, Hazel, Trudy, The Lockhorns, Inside Woody Allen, and the Archie comic strip.
Byck was also responsible for ensuring the continuation of strips after their original creators were no longer available, including Little Iodine (where they arranged for Hy Eisman to succeed Bob Dunn — who was themselves a successor to Jimmy Hatlo) and Rip Kirby (where they tried to recruit Leonard Starr to succeed Alex Raymond in the wake of Raymond's sudden death; Starr suggested that Byck instead hire John Prentice).<ref name=PrenticeReuben>NCS Spotlight On: John Prentice, at the National Cartoonists Society; published August 26, 2010; retrieved June 3, 2019</ref> However, in the case of Steve Canyon, Byck "dismissed the possibility of a successor" to the strip's creator Milt Caniff, on the grounds that Caniff "could never be imitated".
Byck was elected a vice president of King Features in 1964, and retired in 1978, succeeded by Bill Yates (who Byck had recruited in 1960 as the creator of Professor Phumble). Byck died at the age of 78 in Queens, New York, on July 8, 1982.
Praise
In 1977, Inklings Magazine (journal of the Museum of Cartoon Art) called Byck "the most influential man in newspaper comics in our generation", and in 1979, the National Cartoonists Society awarded them the Silver T-Square Award.
Mort Walker said that, of all the editors they met when they were beginning their career, Byck was "the most helpful and encouraging".
Criticism
Alex Toth stated that, when they applied to be the new illustrator for the Perry Mason comic strip, Byck told them that they would be required to imitate Alex Raymond's style rather than use their own; Toth refused, and subsequently noted that if Raymond had "witnessed the absurd lengths to which (Byck went) in imposing (Raymond's) style on other talents, they would be Byck's most vociferous detractor".
Stan Drake reported having been chastised by Byck for including too much emotional expression when drawing the faces of characters in The Heart of Juliet Jones''.
References
1904 births
1982 deaths
Pratt Institute alumni
American editors
Comic strip syndicates
American editorial cartoonists
Hoseynabad-e Chaghuki (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Chaghūkī) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Eric Laidlaw Robinson (18 January 1929 – 7 January 1981) was an Australian politician. They were a member of the Liberal Party and held ministerial office in the Fraser Government, serving as Minister for the Capital Territory (1975–1976), Post and Telecommunications (1976–1977), and Finance (1977–1979, 1979–1980). They represented the Queensland seat of McPherson in the House of Representatives from 1972 until their death in 1981.
Early life
Robinson was born on 18 January 1929 in East Brisbane, Queensland, the son of Florence Evelyn (née Laidlaw) and Arthur Neville Robinson. They attended the Slade School in Warwick and then joined their father's sporting goods business. Prior to entering politics they served as managing director and chairperson of Robinson Holdings Pty Ltd, overseeing "a chain of stores in coastal Queensland". In 1964 they married Narelle Beel (née Jones), who had two children from a previous marriage.
Politics
Robinson joined the Queensland Liberal Party in 1957 and in 1963 was a founding member of the Surfers Paradise branch. They were state president of the Liberals from 1968 to 1973. They were elected to the Federal seat of McPherson in the House of Representatives at the 1972 federal election.
Following Malcolm Fraser's win at the 1975 election, they were appointed Minister for the Capital Territory in the Fraser ministry. In February 1976, they were moved to Minister for Post and Telecommunications. They were appointed Minister for Finance following Phillip Lynch's standing down in 1977. Allegations of malpractice by them were dealt with in the Royal Commission of Inquiry into Matters in Relation to Electoral Redistribution in Queensland 1977, which exonerated them of wrongdoing. On 22 February 1979, they resigned from the ministry, stating in a letter to Fraser that they could no longer give them their "unqualified support". On 27 February they agreed to return as Minister for Finance—Fraser said that "there were no significant differences" between them. They were not reappointed to the ministry following the 1980 election.
Robinson died suddenly in 1981 in Southport of acute myocardial infarction, while still in office. They were survived by their wife, Narelle, a son and a daughter.
References
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for McPherson
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
1929 births
1981 deaths
Members of the Cabinet of Australia
20th-century Australian politicians
People from the Gold Coast, Queensland
Puerto Diablo is a barrio in the municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,896.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Puerto Diablo, Puerto Ferro, and Punta Arenas barrios was 879.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Puerto Diablo barrio:
, and .
Gallery
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
The Union of Central African Workers, created in 1964, is a trade union centre in the Central African Republic. It was formed by the merger of the African Confederation of Free Trade Unions-Workers Force-Central African Republic, African Confederation of Believing Workers - Central African Republic, African General Confederation of Labour-Central African Republic and the FECETEC. In 1981, its activity was suspended by David Dacko's government. In place of it government-backed Confederation of Central African Workers was established, which didn't stand up for the rights of workers in practice.
It is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
References
Trade unions in the Central African Republic
International Trade Union Confederation
Trade unions established in 1964
Journey into Fear is a 1975 Canadian thriller film directed by Daniel Mann, and based on the 1940 novel of the same name by Eric Ambler.
It stars Sam Waterston, Zero Mostel, Yvette Mimieux, Vincent Price, Donald Pleasence, Shelley Winters, Stanley Holloway, Joseph Wiseman and Ian McShane.
The film is a remake of Journey into Fear, a 1943 version of the novel starring Orson Welles.
Plot
U.S geologist Graham (Sam Waterston) discovers a rich oil deposit in the mountains of Turkey that creates a dangerous conflict between Turks and Arabs interests.
Their life suddenly in peril, Graham tries to escape aboard a boat with the assistance of a Mr. Kupelkin of the Turkish embassy. The passengers they encounter include a singer, Josette, who may also be a prostitute; and a bickering couple, Mr. and Mrs. Mathews. All the while, Graham becomes aware that someone on board is determined to kill him.
Cast
Sam Waterston as Graham
Zero Mostel as Kupelkin
Yvette Mimieux as Josette
Scott Marlowe as Jose
Ian McShane as Banat
Vincent Price as Dervos
Donald Pleasence as Kuvelti
Shelley Winters as Mrs. Mathews
Stanley Holloway as Mr. Mathews
Jackie Cooper as Hurst
Joseph Wiseman as Col. Haki
Critical reception
TV Guide wrote, "this version was shot all over Europe with well-known guest artists who ought to have known better, and directed by Mann who has done much better."
Influence
"Journey into Fear: Pilot's Quarters 1 and 2" (2001), an art installation by Stan Douglas "was inspired by the 1975 Daniel Mann film Journey into Fear," writes Rachel Taylor on the Tate website, "one of the first major films to be shot on location in Vancouver. Mann's film a remake of the 1942 film of the same name directed by Norman Foster, which was based on the 1940 novel by Eric Ambler.
Douglas' video, like the two Hollywood films, is set on a container ship. Two characters based on Graham and Möller discuss and argue; Möller tries to convince Graham to delay a container en route to Vancouver, an act that would destabilize shares in a particular Asian contractor, leaving the company's shares vulnerable to an aggressive takeover. These scenes, which form the majority of the video, take place in the ship's pilots quarters.
The diptych presents views of the sets used for filming these scenes. Both photographs show the sets from a distance, exposing the sound stage in which they are situated. The sets are empty of people but lights and microphones are visible. Both images show the cabin with a ‘fourth wall' removed to allow filming take place. In Pilot's Quarters 2 the cabin is seen from behind the pilot's bed, while in Pilot's Quarters 1 the bed is seen on the left side of the room.
Douglas' practice has always included photography as a source and inspiration for their filmmaking as well as an art form in itself. The large scale images of the set serve to highlight the artifice of filmmaking, laying bare the techniques involved in film-making."
References
External links
1975 films
Canadian thriller films
1970s thriller films
English-language Canadian films
Films scored by Alex North
Films based on British novels
Films directed by Daniel Mann
Films set in Turkey
Remakes of American films
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
Marijan (, also Romanized as Marījān) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Loyola is a residential district of the Borough Côte-des-Neiges—Notre-Dame-de-Grâce within the City of Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It is one of five districts of the borough. In 2011, it had a population of 36,984 of which only 17% spoke French in the home.
References
Neighbourhoods in Montreal
Kim Welshons (1951 – March 15, 2015) was an American synchronized swimming competitor. They won 13 national titles and was part of the American team that won a gold medal at the 1963 Pan American Games. They were 12 at the time, and remains the youngest gold medalist at the Pan American Games. After retiring in 1970, they coached the Mexico national team for two years and served as technical spokesperson for major U.S. television networks for eight years. In 1971, they were inducted into the U.S. Synchronized Swimming Hall of Fame and in 1988 into the International Swimming Hall of Fame. They died of a pancreatic cancer in 2015, aged 64. They were survived by their mother, Kathryn Achelis and their sister, Kris Bennett.
See also
List of members of the International Swimming Hall of Fame
References
1951 births
2015 deaths
American synchronized swimmers
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in synchronized swimming
Competitors at the 1963 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1963 Pan American Games
Warren Colburn (born in Dedham, Massachusetts, 1 March 1793; died in Lowell, Massachusetts, 13 September 1833) was a Massachusetts business person, mathematician, and educator.
Biography
Their parents were poor, and when a boy they worked in factories in the different villages to which they moved. They learned the machinist's trade, but early manifested a taste for mathematics, and entered Harvard in 1816, from where they graduated 1820. They then opened a school in Boston.
In April 1823 they became superintendent of the Boston Manufacturing Company at Waltham, Massachusetts, and in August 1824 of the Merrimack Manufacturing Company at Lowell. In these capacities, they invented important improvements in machinery.
In the Fall of 1825, they delivered a course of lectures on the natural history of animals, illustrated with the magic lantern. This they followed in later years with further popular lectures on light, the eye, the seasons, electricity, hydraulics, astronomy, commerce, etc. These lectures continued through many years.
They were also superintendent of schools at Lowell, was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1827, and was for several years an examiner in mathematics at Harvard.
Arithmetic book
Their reputation rests largely on their First Lessons in Intellectual Arithmetic (Boston, 1821), the plan of which they had carefully completed while yet an undergraduate at Harvard, where they were impressed by the necessity of such a work. They were accustomed to saying that “the pupils who were under their tuition made their arithmetic for him,” that the questions they asked, and the necessary answers and explanations which they gave in reply, were embodied in the book. No other elementary work on arithmetic ever had such a sale. It had a large world-wide circulation, and was translated, not only into most of the languages of Europe, but also into several of the eastern tongues. They also published a “Sequel” to their arithmetic (1824; revised ed., 1833), and an “Algebra” (1827).
Legacy
The Colburn School in Lowell is named after him.
Notes
References
External links
1793 births
1833 deaths
Lecturers
Businesspeople from Dedham, Massachusetts
Educators from Dedham, Massachusetts
American non-fiction writers
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Harvard University alumni
19th-century American mathematicians
People from Lowell, Massachusetts
19th-century American businesspeople
19th-century American educators
The Last Bomb was a 1945 propaganda film mainly concerning the conventional phase of the bombing of Japan in 1945. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
The film begins by describing the taking off points in Saipan, Guam, and Tinian, remarking how they have changed since American occupation. General Curtis LeMay is shown planning a daylight raid on Japan's industrial areas.
Squadrons of B-29s then assemble and the audience rides with them through a space of ocean as wide as the US from Mexico to Canada, special attention being given to the island Iwo Jima, which is midway through the journey, the base for P-51 fighters that will escort the bombers. The film then proceeds to the actual bombing of Japan, showing one of the B-29s in combat with Japanese fighters, dogfights between the escorting P-51s and Japanese aircraft and the destruction leveled on Tokyo by the B-29s' payload and subsequent strafing by the escort fighters.
When the bombers return to base, the hazards of war are assessed, particularly the problems associated with landing the large planes, often damaged by Japanese flak or fighters, which could sometimes be fatal.
At the very end some color footage of the mushroom cloud at Nagasaki is shown, the narrator, Reed Hadley, telling us that it saves thousands of American lives by preventing an invasion of Japan.
References
External links
, uploaded by the US National Archives
1945 films
American aviation films
Documentary films about military aviation
Films directed by Frank Lloyd
Documentary films about the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
First Motion Picture Unit films
American documentary films
1945 documentary films
Japan in non-Japanese culture
1940s American films
1965–1980 is the sole studio album by Basement 5, released in 1980 by record label Antilles. It was produced by Martin Hannett. Original drummer Tony Thompson left the band on the first day of the album sessions. Session musician Charley Charles played drums on the album and got a "special thanks" in the album credits. New drummer Richard Dudanski who joined after the recording got a band member credit.
Track listing
All lyrics and rhythms by Basement 5 (Tony Thompson, Dennis Morris, Herman Ezekiel "Leo" Williams and Humphrey "JR" Murray)
"Riot"
"No Ball Games"
"Hard Work"
"Immigration"
"Last White Christmas"
"Heavy Traffic"
"Union Games"
"Too Soon"
"Omega Man"
Personnel
Basement 5
Dennis Morris - vocals
J.R. - guitar
Leo Williams - bass
Richard Dudanski - drums
Charley Charles - drums
Technical
Chris Nagle - engineer
Kris Needs - management
Neil Clitheroe - design coordination
Dennis Morris - sleeve concept and design, photography
"Special thanks: Charles Charles - Trevor Spencer - Chris Blackwell - Denise Mills - Annie Roseberry - Rob Partridge - Glorious Gloria."
References
External links
1980 debut albums
Basement 5 albums
Albums produced by Martin Hannett
Events in the year 1921 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
The Macedonian Federative Organization (MFO) was established in Sofia by former Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) left wing's activists.
References
1920s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Abdollah Givi (, also Romanized as ‘Abdollāh Gīvī; also known as ‘Abdollāh Gīv) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 469, in 135 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Jill Robb (1934 – 16 January 2022) was an English-born Australian film producer and executive who worked mostly in Australia.
Biography
Robb began in the film industry as a stand in for Jill Adams on Dust in the Sun (1958).
Robb was a founding board member of the Australian Film Commission, inaugural CEO of the Victorian Film Corporation (now Film Victoria) and a member of the Film Victoria Board from 1983 to 1989.
Robb served for many years on the Board of the Playbox Theatre Company during the difficult years following the 1984 fire. They left at the end of 1989.
They were made a Member of the Order of Australia in the 2011 Australia Day Honours for "service to the Australian film and television industries as a producer, through executive roles with industry organisations, and as a mentor to emerging filmmakers".
They died on 16 January 2022, at the age of 87.
Select credits
The Fourth Wish (1976) – associate producer
Dawn! (1979) – executive producer
Careful, They Might Hear You (1983) – producer
Phoenix (1992–93) (TV series) – executive producer
Stark (1993) (mini series) – executive producer
Secrets (1993–94) (TV series) – executive producer
References
External links
1934 births
2022 deaths
Australian film producers
British emigrants to Australia
Members of the Order of Australia
"No Problems" is a song released by American rapper Azealia Banks. It is a diss track aimed at American rapper Angel Haze. It was released on January 4, 2013, by Banks herself, after Angel Haze released a diss track titled, "On The Edge", a day prior. Production of the song was handled by American producer, Machinedrum.
Background and release
The song was released on SoundCloud and online music stores on January 4, 2013. Prior to the release of the song, Banks stated on Twitter, "Lol I def used that energy to write a fly new jam tho. It's not even really a diss anymore! Haha !!!"; following Angel Haze's diss track. An unreleased music video to the song began surfacing on YouTube in the spring of 2013.
On March 2, 2018, ‘No Problems' was included on the iTunes edition of the Fantasea mixtape, and replaced the tracks ‘Esta Noche' and ‘Salute'.
Critical reception and response
After the song was released, Haze responded on Twitter with, "I couldn't even play that weak shit all the way thru, bruh. ANYWAY 6pm. you some trash". The same day, Haze released another diss track entitled "Shut the Fuck Up". Celebrity blogger, Perez Hilton commended Haze on Twitter, Hilton themselves previously had a feud with Banks.
Release history
References
External links
Lyrics of the Song at Genius
Azealia Banks songs
2017 songs
Songs written by Azealia Banks
Diss tracks
2020 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2020 ACC men's basketball tournament
2020 ACC women's basketball tournament
2020 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Nadezhda Dmitriyevna Zakharova (born 9 February 1945) is a Soviet and Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1945 births
Living people
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Lesgaft National State University of Physical Education, Sport and Health alumni
Honoured Coaches of Russia
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Recipients of the Order of Honour (Russia)
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Basketball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
FIBA EuroBasket-winning players
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Russian women's basketball coaches
Russian women's basketball players
Soviet women's basketball coaches
Soviet women's basketball players
Bethel Township, Ohio, may refer to:
Bethel Township, Clark County, Ohio
Bethel Township, Miami County, Ohio
Bethel Township, Monroe County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
Lemuria-Seascape is an album by pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in early 1991 and released on the Candid label.
Reception
In their review on AllMusic, Ron Wynn stated "The Barron/Drummond/Riley trio step forward into the '90s and churn out another impressive collection, this one containing mostly either Barron or group originals rather than tons of standards. Exacting, carefully constructed, and consistently brilliant playing all around".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"Lemuria" – 4:36
"Ask Me Now" (Thelonious Monk) – 5:31
"Sweet Lorraine" (Cliff Burwell, Mitchell Parish) – 7:19
"Fungii Mama" (Blue Mitchell) – 5:44
"Slow Grind" – 5:19
"Have You Met Miss Jones?" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 5:11
"Maria Isabel" (Christina Blalock) – 6:36
"You Go to My Head" (J. Fred Coots, Haven Gillespie) – 9:01
"The Magical Look in Your Eyes" (Rufus Reid) – 7:40
"Seascape" – 5:31
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Ray Drummond – bass
Ben Riley – drums
References
Kenny Barron albums
1991 albums
Candid Records albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Wild Secrets is an online retailer of sex toys, condoms and intimate wear for men, women and couples in Australia and New Zealand.
Wild Secrets is the flagship store of PHE International PTY LTD (trading as Excite Online Services) PHE International operates from its combined office and warehouse space in Australia and is the Australian subsidiary of PHE, Inc., which was founded in 1971 by Phil Harvey and is the parent company of Adam & Eve, one of the largest online distributor of sex toys, condoms and lingerie in the United States of America.
Origins
Wild Secrets was founded by online entrepreneur Gerrard Giummarra under their online retail empire IBSA, established in 1993.
Giumarra's first online venture was propertyseeker.com.au, which they started as a means to display projects following their work as an architectural designer in the 1980s. When Giumarra began working with two IT developers who owned the domain realestate.com.au in 1991, they suggested a merger. Realestate.com.au, now REA Group Ltd (REA), provides online and app-based property and property-related services across Australia and Asia.
In 1998, Giumarra sold their interests in propertyseeker.com.au and realestate.com.au, and founded IBSA. Under IBSA, Giumarra founded Wild Secrets and its sister companies followed in 2007 by bikeexchage.com.au, Australia's biggest online marketplace for cyclists. They sold their stake in the company in 2012.
Excite Online Services, its Wild Secrets flagship and sister stores were acquired by PHE, Inc. in 2019.
Wild Secrets' own brand of sexual wellness products was launched in 2020.
Philanthropy
Wild Secrets closely aligns with the humanitarian values of its parent company PHE, Inc. The parent enterprise is involved in philanthropic work such as disease control, sex education and family planning in developing countries through Population Services International and DKT International.
In 2019, Wild Secrets formed a partnership with cancer vanquishing charity Love Your Sister, co-founded by award-winning Australian actor Samuel Johnson OAM.
In January 2020, Wild Secrets and PHE, Inc. individually donated to the Australian Red Cross Disaster Relief and Recovery Fund, and the Gippsland Emergency Relief Fund, to help those affected by Australia's devastating bushfire crisis of 2019–20.
Media Exposure
Wild Secrets has featured in web, print and broadcast media for its successes, educational campaigns and charity fundraising.
In February 2019, Wild Secrets received media attention for the acquisition of Excite Online Services by PHE, Inc. The acquisition received further coverage in a piece on the retirement of Bob Christian, former Adam & Eve Director of New Business Development and President of Adam & Eve Retail Stores.
In June 2019, the appointment of Will Dobbyn, former executive from major sports apparel brand 2XU, as Wild Secrets General Manager made news.
In January 2020, Wild Secrets featured in several publications for its exclusive hotel sex toy delivery offer for Valentine's Day.
Wild Secrets campaign ‘Go F*ck Yourself (for everyone's sake)', encouraging adults to use sex toys to break the boredom of self-isolation during COVID-19, was covered in the media.
In addition, Wild Secrets has featured in Australian mainstream and LGBTQI+ media for its charity fundraising and sexual wellness advice.
Broadcast appearances have included The Morning Show television program, Now To Love online magazine platform and Joy 94.9 community radio's Saturday Magazine radio show.
References
Retail companies of Australia
Sex shops
Online retailers
Weird Food And Devastation is the sixth studio album by the American pop-rock band the Connells, released on August 20, 1996.
It is the highly anticipated follow-up album to the successful "Ring" album, which was released three years prior. The album is partly mixed by longtime R.E.M.-collaborator Scott Litt. The mastering was done by engineer Bob Ludwig.
Critical reception
The Washington Post wrote that "as usual, the overall effect is adept but underwhelming; Weird Food & Devastation should please the band's fans, but probably won't attract many new ones." The Houston Press called the album "dense, dark, somewhat grungy ... the strangest Connells effort to date."
Track listing
"Maybe" (Mike Connell) - 2:30
"Start" (Connell) - 4:06
"Fifth Fret" (Doug MacMillan) - 3:40
"Just Like That" (MacMillan) - 3:33
"Adjective Song" (Connell) - 2:27
"Any" (Peele Wimberley) - 3:25
"Hang On" (Connell) - 3:20
"Back To Blue" (Greg Kendall, MacMillan) - 3:09
"Smoke" (McMillan, Potak) - 4:23
"Pretty Rough" (Connell) - 3:52
"Let It Go" (Huntley) - 3:55
"Friendly Time" (MacMillan) - 2:42
"Too High" (MacMillan) - 3:13
"On Your Honor" (Huntley, MacMillan) - 3:33
Personnel
The Connells
Doug MacMillan - lead vocals
Mike Connell - guitar, vocals, lead vocals on "Friendly Time"
George Huntley - guitar, vocals, lead vocals on "Let it Go"
Steve Potak - piano, organ, keyboards
David Connell - bass
Peele Wimberley - drums, percussion
Technical personnel
Tim Harper - producer, mixing, engineer
Scott Litt - mixing
Richard Dott - mixing
Dan Leffler - mixing assistant
James Bauer - mixing assistant
Mark Williams - engineer
Robert Clark - second engineer
Tracy Schroeder - second engineer
Brent Lambert - editing
Bob Ludwig - mastering
Greg Knoll - design
Axl Jansen - photography
References
1996 albums
The Connells albums
TVT Records albums
A five-point harness is a form of seat belt that contains five straps that are mounted to the car frame. It has been engineered for an increase of safety in the occurrence of an automobile accident. As a result, this form of seat belt has been mandated in the race car competition of NASCAR. This was an invention made mandatory to have due to the high velocities involved in the sport. Along with the design of the seat belt, helmet straps have been designed to increase the safety of the driver. This invention has also been used to secure infants and young children in child safety seats.
Structure
The five-point harness is preferred as a safety mechanism for its high amount of safety compared to other designs. The five-point harness consists of five straps. Two are located at the shoulders, two at the hips, and one at the crotch that all come to connect to a buckle release mechanism. This way of buckling upholds the driver's body tight in the seat, which in turn protects the upper body from injury. The only downside to this seat belt mechanism is the insecurity of the driver's head.
Helmet
There have been different models of helmets designed to hold the drivers head in place. A helmet restraint is equipped in some five-point harness seats to prevent brain and neck injury. For example, in NASCAR, it protects the driver in case of a car crash or an immediate change of velocity where the driver has limited control of their momentum. The apparatus consists of a strap that runs from both of the sides of the helmet to the vehicle; or a strap connected to the vehicle from both sides of the driver that runs across the front of the helmet, instead of two independent straps on each side attached to the helmet.
Helmet straps
To prevent the helmet straps from impairing the drivers vision, there is a design where the straps are held horizontal to prevent the straps from sagging. There are also designs in which no apparatus is needed to keep straps out of the drivers sight. Helmet straps are made up of shock absorbing material used while climbing or for security when working at high elevations. The straps include a woven nylon that requires up to 475 lbs. of force to cause the straps to tear. Straps that are stretchable allow the drivers brain to slow down to avoid brain damage caused from the brain slamming into the skull; but the straps do not let the head move too far forward to cause neck injuries.
Child seats
The five-point harness is also used to buckle up children in forward-facing and rear-facing seats. It is designed with the same concept of tightly holding the passenger to the seat with the use of five different straps but built for the young children. This form of seat harness for young children "should be a default standard" when children are present in a motor vehicle according to Phil Wilson. The reason there have been a number of injured young children and infants in survivable accidents is due to incorrect use of the Child Safety Seat (CSS).
To assist caregivers in the safe transportation of children, the USA National Child Passenger Safety Board maintains the quality and integrity of the National Child Passenger Safety Certification Training Program. The program is used to train and certify child passenger safety technicians and instructors. Three of the most common issues that put children at risk: improperly used or installed safety seats, children left in hot cars, and teen drivers.
Citations
References
Lyman J. Roberts, II; Asif A. Lala; Panasarn Aim Jirut: Head Restraint System for Racecar Drivers., 7 May 2002. Google.com/Patents. Retrieved 25 January 2010
Andrew Jackson Aslup: Driver Head Restraint., 18 April 2002. Google.com/Patents. Retrieved 26 January 2010
Kevin Bonsor; Karim Nice: How NASCAR Safety Works. 23 February 2001. HowStuffWorks.com. Retrieved 28 January 2010.
Shane Speck: How Child Car Seats Work. 4 July 2003. HowStuffWorks.com. Retrieved 25 January 2010.
Motorsport terminology
Ferrán Bono Ara (11 December 1969, Valencia) is a Spanish journalist and politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
Bono comes from a political family as they are the son of Emérito Bono Martínez, a former Communist deputy for Valencia province. Unmarried, but a father of two daughters, Bono worked as a journalist. In early 2008, when the PSOE decided to look outside the party for a candidate to stand on their electoral list for Valencia, Bono was approached by the head of the list and deputy Prime Minister María Teresa Fernández de la Vega and agreed to stand. Placed fifth on the list in a region where the PSOE had won at least six seats at every election since the restoration of democracy in 1977, they were elected deputy in March 2008.
External links
Biography at Spanish Congress website
References
Members of the 9th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
1969 births
Living people
People from Valencia
Politicians from the Valencian Community
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
The Ministry of Defence headquarters is a historic building in Bangkok's Phra Nakhon District. It sits opposite the Grand Palace on Sanam Chai Road, in the heart of the historic Rattanakosin Island. The building, in the neo-Palladian style of the neoclassical movement, was built as the Front Soldiers' Barracks in 1882–1884 to designs by Italian architect Joachim Grassi. It has served as the headquarters of the Ministry of Defence since the ministry's establishment in 1887.
History
The site of the building, just east of the Grand Palace and south of the City Pillar Shrine, used to be the location of three former princely palaces built in the reign of King Rama I (1782–1809). By the time of King Chulalongkorn (Rama V, 1868–1910), the palaces had become disused, and parts of the site were occupied by granaries, stables and silkworm-rearing houses.
Chulalongkorn worked extensively to modernize the country, including replacing the system of corvée labour with a professional standing military. A regiment known as Thahan Na ("front soldiers"), consisting of about 4,400 men, was created in late 1870s to guard the capital. The need for a permanent residence for the force soon became apparent in the aftermath of a cholera outbreak, during which many soldiers died. The regiment commander Chaomuen Waiworanat (later known as Chaophraya Surasakmontri) accordingly requested that a barracks be built, and construction took place on the site from 1882 to 1884. The building was designed by Italian architect Joachim Grassi, while Surasakmontri oversaw the construction. The building was inaugurated by Chulalongkorn on 18 July 1884. With the formal establishment of the Ministry of Defence in 1887, the building became the ministry's headquarters, a role which it holds to the present.
Architecture
The building is designed in neo-Palladian style, following a three-storey rectangular floor plan with a central courtyard, built of masonry with load-bearing walls. The façade, facing west towards the Grand Palace, is marked by a central pediment supported by Doric-order columns, which is flanked by two wings with gates leading into the courtyard. Windows line all three levels of the building's exterior, which is decorated with pilasters in superimposed order.
While the front of the building is perfectly symmetrical, its wings taper towards the rear, as necessitated by the shape of the plot, which the building entirely fills except for the front lawn. It is surrounded by streets on all sides (Sanam Chai to the west, Lak Mueang to the north, Rachini to the east, and Kanlayana Maitri to the south). According to the original plans, the central structure was to contain an armoury and military museum on the top floor, officer's meeting rooms on the middle, and sword-fighting practice areas below. The wings housed sleeping quarters on the upper floor, meeting and training rooms on the middle, and armouries and provisions storage areas on the lower floor. The north wing hosted artillery units, a military hospital, and stables, while the south wing hosted infantry and engineering units. At the rear of the south wing was a connected clock tower (since removed), which also housed water pumps and storage tanks—the building was built with metal plumbing. The central courtyard was used for drills and exercises.
The building has undergone several additions, including an extended portico at the front, a new section running alongside the original northern wing, and annexes at the rear (east side) of the complex, where a granary and bathing and swimming pools used to be located. The building received the ASA Architectural Conservation Award in 1997, and was registered as an ancient monument by the Fine Arts Department in 1998.
Cannon museum
In the front lawns of the building, arranged in a garden display, are a large collection of bronze cannons. The display was initiated by King Vajiravudh (Rama VI, r. 1910–1925), who was probably inspired by their experience at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst. Sixty-three guns were once displayed on the lawn, according to a 1921 survey, but many have been relocated and forty currently remain. Almost all of the cannons bear inscribed names, such as "Uprooter of Phra Sumeru" () and "The Wind that destroyeth the Earth" (). The largest and most famous is the Phaya Tani, which was captured from Pattani (then capital of the Pattani Kingdom) in 1786.
The display has been reorganized many times. In 2004, several guns including the Phaya Tani were rotated to face the building, prompting rumours that the ministry was trying to avoid bad luck resulting from the guns pointing towards the Grand Palace, as they had previously done, in an attempt to alleviate the South Thailand insurgency. This was denied by ministry permanent secretary General Oud Buangbon, who said that it was part of a re-landscaping project, done in accordance with a request from the Ministry of Tourism and Sports and advice from the Fine Arts Department, and also to mark the ministry's 120th anniversary.
The display has since been reorganized again, so that all the guns now point sideways. In 2014, the ministry inaugurated the exhibit as an outdoor museum, titled the Ancient Artillery Museum, with information placards and scheduled guided tours. The garden also features two large gajasiha statues and musical fountains.
References
Government buildings in Bangkok
Thailand
Neoclassical architecture in Thailand
Registered ancient monuments in Bangkok
Phra Nakhon district
Spilt is a British psyche grunge band from Runcorn, England. Founded in 2016, it consists of Morgan "Mo" Molyneux (vocals and guitar) Ben cunliffe (bass), and Josh Cunningham (drums).
History
Originally founded by Molyneux and Ayres in 2013 as Accepting April, the duo changed the band's name to Spilt in 2015, prior to Josh Cunningham joining the line up in early 2016.
The band built a growing reputation playing around Liverpool and its satellite towns in the North of England prior to becoming nationally recognised following a series of high-profile gigs supporting Fidlar at the O2 Ritz Manchester, and London's Heaven venue.
Discography
Singles
"Facemelter" (2017)
"Catnip" (2018)
"The Hungry Caterpillar" (2018)
"Saliva" (2018)
"Lalka" (2018)
"Acid Baby" (2018)
"1984" (2019)
“Sex tape” (2021)
”Nomad” (2021)
EPs
"Sickly Fit" (2019)
Albums
No Ball Games (Stereo Mix) (2019)
References
English grunge groups
Thiess may refer to:
Thiess (surname)
Thiess of Kaltenbrun, Livonian werewolf
Thiess Pty Ltd, an Australian mining services company
Thiess Contractors Indonesia, the regional subsidiary of Thiess
See also
Thies (disambiguation)
Theiss (disambiguation)
Thiessen (disambiguation)
Theissen (disambiguation)
The blue-throated brown sunbird (Cyanomitra cyanolaema) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Liberia, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, Tanzania, Togo, and Uganda.
References
blue-throated brown sunbird
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
blue-throated brown sunbird
blue-throated brown sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Osseo is an iron meteorite found in 1931 by Mr. Frank Johnston about from Osseo, Ontario. It was about long. No fireball was observed and there was no evidence that it was a recent fall.
Classification
It is a coarse octahedrite, IAB complex.
Fragments
The main mass is in the Smithsonian Institution, Washington.
See also
Glossary of meteoritics
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Meteorites: Osseo
Meteorites found in Canada
1931 in Canada
1931 in Ontario
Geology of Ontario
is a Japanese four-panel comic strip by Haruka Ogataya. The manga was first serialized in the four-panel manga magazine Moeyon in July 2004. In October 2005, the manga moved to the Japanese seinen manga magazine Comic High! and continued until January 2011. A 12-episode anime adaptation by J.C.Staff aired between July and September 2007 on Tokyo MX.
Plot
One morning Sunao Moriyama, a male junior high student, finds a small, cute creature in their refrigerator. During breakfast, Sunao looks down at what they are eating, a bun with potato and mayonnaise filling, and decided to name the creature Potemayo. Sunao takes Potemayo to school with them and they are an instant hit with their classmates, especially the girls. While they are at school, another similar creature comes out of Sunao's refrigerator and makes its way to a park where Sunao and their class are spending an art class. Kyō Takamimori, one of Sunao's classmates, finds the creature and names them Guchuko. Unlike Potemayo, Guchuko is aggressively antisocial and shoots searing energy beams out of horns on the sides of their head when they are confronted.
Characters
Sunao is a male junior high school student who has a very serious attitude and shows little emotion. They were the one to find and name Potemayo, and they are very attached to him. They do their best to look after Potemayo, taking them to school with them each day. Sunao's mother died when they were younger, and since their father is almost never home, Sunao has become very self-sufficient. A running gag with Sunao is their horrible eyesight when they do not have their glasses.
Potemayo is a mysterious creature that appeared one day in Sunao's refrigerator. The name Potemayo comes from first two characters of and —what Sunao was eating at the time. At first, they could not say anything but "honi", a nonsense phrase which they often utter even after learning how to say a few words like Sunao's name. Potemayo is very protective of Sunao, and if anyone tries to get close to him, they will growl and attack until they back off. When taken around with Sunao, they ride around on their head. They have the personality of a young child around two or three years of age, but has a super deformed body, complete with cat ears on their head and a fluffy, round tail. Potemayo will fly into a jealous rage when Mikan tries to get close to Sunao. Potemayo is also telepathic, at least when others are thinking about them Sunao, and becomes violent when they "hears" Mikan even thinking about Sunao. While Potemayo dislikes Mikan, they adore Yasumi (Mikan's younger brother), much to their annoyance. A small chick named hangs around Potemayo and will often sit on their head. A running gag with Tori is that it will often eat things made with eggs or chicken, making Sunao call it a cannibal.
Guchuko is another mysterious creature that appeared in Sunao's refrigerator, and is somewhat similar to Potemayo in appearance. Guchuko is named by Kyō Takamimori shortly after they ran into Guchuko at school. The name Guchuko is derived from a small chocolate ball called a guchu which Guchuko likes to eat, and added at the end, since it is a common ending for female given names in Japan. Guchuko carries a unique scythe (which looks somewhat like an axe) with a skull on it, and can fire strong energy beams from two living horns (or possibly worms) on either side of their head. They have a very self-sufficient personality, and has only partially warmed up to Kyō, who often gives Guchuko food when at school or at home; Guchuko often repays Kyō by putting pig or cow carcasses in front of their house. It is strongly hinted Guchuko has a crush on Kyō (similar to Potemayo's on Sunao) as they continually blush around Kyō and once attacked Potemayo who was about to be fed one of Kyō's snacks out of jealously. Guchuko sleeps in a tree right outside Kyō's house, and they have the habit of breaking doors with their scythe to go through (and patch them up afterward) instead of using them normally.
Mikan is one of Sunao's classmates; they have a huge crush on him, but due to their soft-spoken personality, they do not find it easy to convey their feelings of love. Mikan will often have outrageous fantasies involving them and Sunao in a relationship together, which causes them to space out entirely.
Kyō is another one of Sunao's classmates, and is Mikan's close friend. They have a tomboyish personality, and is athletic.  They are also an excellent cook, especially of sweets, and has become involved with Guchuko as a result. Kyō's mother frequently tries to convince Guchuko to stay in their house, with usually bad results. Kyō has been the only person who has ever been able to hold Guchuko; this was once when they helped Guchuko get out of a bush and another when they believed Guchuko had died.
Nene is a girl in Sunao's class, and is a close friend to Mikan. They normally have a high-pitched voice, but has been shown to alter their voice if they are impersonating another person's voice. They have a straight-forward personality, and is not afraid to say anything that is on their mind. Nene is very rich and has three older brothers who unilaterally adore her, though they often get their fist in their face. Nene's mother looks very young for their age (apparently it runs in their family), but they too often receives Nene's fist.
Mudō is a boy in Sunao's class. They took an early liking towards Potemayo, though has not been able to even pet Potemayo. On Valentine's Day in their second year of junior high school, they accidentally gave chocolate to Nene, which later caused them to become their slave for a time. Mudō is in the cheerleading club, and will dress up in a full female cheerleader uniform during club activities. A running gag is Mudō getting severely hurt, in many cases by the exploits of Guchuko. They seem to think Nene is cute when they do not talk at all.
Kaoru is a boy in Sunao's class, and is a close friend to Mudō. Kaoru has shown obvious attraction towards Mudō and will support Mudō in their endeavors to get closer to Potemayo.
Kōdai is Sunao's father, and is a folklorist. They have a childish personality and likes to play around constantly, which causes their son to not take them seriously in any situation. Kōdai is almost always away on travel, something Sunao resents them for. Often, Kōdai is beaten by Sunao for their immature behavior. They refer to Potemayo as "Mochi-Mochi".
Yasumi is the younger brother of Mikan, though is much taller than them and looks older than most boys their age. Due to their sister's infatuation with Sunao, Yasumi is annoyed at their sister's personality when around Sunao and will often break up any chance for Mikan to have some time alone with Sunao. It is also hinted that they have an attraction to their sister. Their name is a pun on the Japanese word .
Tomari is a young girl in fifth grade of elementary school. They first met Potemayo while chasing Guchuko after they stole some chestnuts from them They later ran into Mikan and their brother Yasumi, whom they take a liking to after they give them a hat that Mikan had originally given their brother. Tomari is a tomboyish girl who rarely wears female clothing and has very short hair for a girl, which makes them look like a young boy; it came as quite a shock to Mikan, Yasumi and Potemayo to find out Tomari was a girl.
Miku is Sunao's late mother. They fell ill a few years before the story in Potemayo begins, and died as a result. They used to say to Sunao that they loved Japan the most out of anywhere in the world because of its flowers.
Media
Manga
The four-panel comic strip manga series, written and illustrated by Haruka Ogataya, originally started serialization in the Japanese manga magazine Moeyon on July 9, 2004. In October 2005, the series moved to the seinen magazine Comic High! and continued until January 22, 2011. Five tankōbon volumes have been released in Japan, published by Futabasha.
Internet radio show
An Internet radio show entitled was streamed between June 29, 2007 and March 28, 2008 every Friday on Beat Net Radio! and Lantis Web Radio. The author of the manga had made two guest appearances, and also the editor of Comic High, Kyōichi Nonaka, had made an appearance. The show was hosted by Kana Hanazawa, who played Potemayo in the anime, and Ayumu Tsuji, who played Guchuko in the anime.
Anime
A 12-episode anime series adaptation was produced by the animation studio J.C.Staff, directed by Takashi Ikehata, and written by Yuta Ikemi (the collective pen name of Yuji Matsukura, Yuta Todoroki, Takashi Ikehata, and Tetsuro Satomi). It aired in Japan from July 6 to September 21, 2007. Each anime episode usually contains two sub-episodes with separate storylines, ending with 24 sub-episodes by the end of the series. Additionally, there are short animated specials released on the DVDs which are additional sub-episodes to the series. There will be one special per DVD, ending with six total specials.
The anime's opening theme was by Mosaic.wav; the maxi single containing the opening theme was released on July 25, 2007 by Lantis. The ending theme was by Chata; the ending theme single was released on August 22, 2007, also by Lantis. The anime's original soundtrack, composed by Tomoki Kikuya, was released on October 10, 2007.
References
External links
Anime official website
J.C.Staff's Potemayo website
Tokyo MX's Potemayo website
2004 manga
Comedy anime and manga
Futabasha manga
J.C.Staff
Lantis (company)
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Yonkoma
"Reckless" is a song by American singer Madison Beer, released on June 4, 2021, through Epic and Sing It Loud, It was originally intended to be the lead single from Beer's upcoming second studio album, however in one of their instagram live sessions they confirmed that it wasn't the lead single, but instead “Dangerous” was. They stated that it could possibly still make the album, because them and their team like it so much, but they aren't sure. The track was written and produced by Madison Beer, Leroy Clampitt, and Kinetics & One Love's Tim Sommers, with Kinetics & One Love's Jeremy Dussolliet also receiving writing credits.
Background
Madison Beer released their debut album titled Life Support in early 2021. Days before the release of Life Support, Beer revealed that they were already halfway through the new record, and would eventually head themselves to a writing camp to finish the new album, with the same songwriters and producers, with whom they worked on their debut.
Composition
According to Beer, "Reckless" is about "how easy it is for some people in relationships to hurt others and move on without any guilt". They both co-wrote and co-produced the single.
Critical reception
Reckless was met with critical acclaim upon its release. Clash called the song "...a wonderfully adult piece of pop songwriting." Hypebae said the song "demonstrat[es] their signature soothing vocals."
Music video
The music video was released on June 29, 2021. It depicts Beer in a fairytale-like world where they climb a ladder to get to the top of a stack of giant books; stands on the top of a car as it drives itself through a tunnel; and swims in an ocean with book pages in it.
Credits and personnel
Madison Beer – vocals, songwriting, production, composer, associated performer
Leroy Clampitt – songwriting; production, composer, background vocals, bass, drums, guitar, programmer
Tim Sommers – songwriting, production, composer, background vocals, drums, keyboards, programmer
Jeremy Dussoliet – songwriting, composer
Randy Merrill – mastering engineer
Mitch McCarthy – mixing engineer
Kinga Bacik – strings
Charts
Release history
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Madison Beer songs
Fateh Mohammad Malik, ( ALA-LC: born 1936) is a Pakistani literary critic, linguist and a scholar. They have authored several books including an essay "Iqbal Inspired Humour: A Note on Parodies by Selected Urdu Poets" published in Of Clowns and Gods, Brahmans and Babus - Humour in South Asian Literatures.
Iqbal had a key influence on them and they wrote at least six books on them including their book Iqbal's reconstruction of Muslim political thought published by University of Leicester, England. Their major work while working for National Language Authority was a five-volume book on the origin of Urdu as a language.
Career
Malik is the chairperson of the National Language Authority. They served as Rector of the International Islamic University, Islamabad until 2012 when they were sacked by then President Zardari under pressureof from the Saudi government. Before being sacked from their post, they criticized Saudi Arabia's practices as uncivilized and anti-women during a seminar.
They also served this university as a dean of the faculty of languages, literature and humanities.
Before starting their career in Pakistan, they taught at Columbia University, Heidelberg University, Humboldt University and Saint Petersburg University for ten years.
Awards and recognition
Sitara-i-Imtiaz Award (Star of Excellence) by the President of Pakistan in 2006
References
1936 births
Living people
International Islamic University, Islamabad faculty
Pakistani literary critics
Linguists of Urdu
Recipients of Sitara-i-Imtiaz
Kick Me may refer to:
Kick Me (film), 1975
Kick Me (song) by Sleeping With Sirens, 2014
The 1968-69 French Rugby Union Championship was contested by 64 teams divided in 8 pools. The first four of each pool, were qualified for the "last 32".
The Bègles won the champsionship beating Toulose in the final.
It was the first bouclier de Brennus, for the Bordeaux's club.while, Toulouse play their first final from 1947.
Qualification round
In bold the qualified to next round
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1969 lnr.fr
1969
France 1968
Championship
Judge Radhi Hamza al-Radhi was the head of Iraq's Commission on Public Integrity. They believe that corruption has cost Iraq £9 billion in the past three years and that most of the money has ended up in the hands of the sectarian militias.
On October 4, 2007, al-Radhi appeared before the U.S. House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and accused the government of Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki of protecting corrupt employees and of actively attempting to "eradicate or control the Commission" and refusing to recognize the independence of the Commission on Public Integrity in violation of the Iraqi Constitution. The government responded by announcing they would sue al-Radhi for smuggling official documents, defaming the prime minister, and corruption.
They were granted asylum in the United States in July 2008.
References
External links
Iraq's ousted corruption buster seeks asylum in America
Exile condemns Iraqi 'corruption'
"Is Maliki's corruption worth American lives?" by Representative Henry A. Waxman (D-Beverly Hills) the chairperson of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform.
Corruption Investigations
US House Overwhelmingly Approves Measure on Iraq Corruption
‘Eliot Ness of Iraq' Wins Asylum
Living people
20th-century Iraqi lawyers
Iraqi exiles
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Iraqi lawyers
Iraqi emigrants to the United States
Comedy in the Philippines has had a significant presence in Philippine culture for as long as Filipinos have had mediums of entertainment, and has transformed to reflect changing Filipino life.
Although there are very few contemporaneous descriptions of early Philippine performance arts, the prominent use of humor is evident in documented folkloric forms as the salawikain (proverb), and oral epics such as Biag ni Lam-ang. Oral epics notably contain prominent instances of physical humor, such as the incident of Lam-ang's bath in the Amburayan river.
The colonial era saw the introduction of new forms of entertainment, which included comedic performances in these new formats. The Spanish introduced the comedic anti-Muslim propaganda play called the "Moro-moro" and the tragicomic three-act play known as the Comedia. The American occupation and the industrial age brought new forms such as cinema and the Bodabil show.
Political satire has played an important role in Philippine life, especially during times of repression and censorship, such as the Philippine American War, the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines, and Martial Law under Ferdinand Marcos, when serious dissent was suppressed but comedy was allowed for a greater freedom of expression.
Early history
Japanese merchants travelled to the Philippines to trade and immigrants settled in what is now called the city of Paco, Manila. They entertained Filipinos with a form of comedy, called rakugo, until the Spanish replaced local entertainments with European-style theatres.
When Miguel Lopez de Legazpi and their men colonized the Philippines, a comedy theatre already existed in the form of ethnic rituals of dances and jokes. Local ethnic groups including the Ifugao and Ibaloi created these comedic dances. However, the Spanish outlawed the practices to prevent the rise of anti-Spanish propaganda and revolts. The only record of Filipino ritual comedy is from Legazpi's sailor, "Roque", written in their diary:
"Roque" was the first Spaniard to study the Tagalog language but their identity is unclear as records of Legazpi's crew list five sailors named Roque and two with this as their nickname.
Carina Chotirawe traces Pinoy humor to the Filipino peoples' history of colonization, alienation, and tragedy: "Humor and pathos are two sides to the same coin of the human experience, alternating in ways that speak of enduring tragedy and turmoil yet interminable light-heartedness and optimism."
Comedy during the Spanish colonial era
The advent of European colonialism in the Philippines, beginning with the arrival of Ferdinand Magellan in 1521 and the largely successful conquista of Miguel Lopez de Legaspi in 1765 and onwards, brought about the dominance of European modes of entertainment. The most comedic of these forms was the Moro-moro, a form of anti-Muslim propaganda arising from the Spanish colonizer's long history of hatred for the Muslim moors in the Iberian peninsula. Another form with significant comedic elements was the tragi-comic Comedia, three-act play combining dramatic and comic elements.
The advent of "Bodabil"
The Spanish–American War and the American colonial period which came about as a result of the 1898 Treaty of Paris brought a new format of comedy to the Philippines as part of variety shows called "Bodabil" – the predecessor of today's Filipino noontime variety shows.
"Pistaym" Bodabil
American vaudeville acts were originally brought by the Americans to the Philippines to entertain locally stationed American troops. Local performers such as Zarsuelista Atang de la Rama and singer Katy de la Cruz began joining these vaudeville acts in the mid 1910s, and in 1920, a Filipino entertainer named Luis Borromeo (who renamed themselves "Borromeo Lou" after a brief stay in North America) organized what became the first Filipino bodabil company. Segments of these variety shows included humorous elements such as the acts of dancer Bayani Casimiro, and the magician and Chaplin imitator Canuplin. Bodabil remained a dominant form of entertainment during the "pistaym" ("Peacetime") years before World War II despite the introduction of cinema.
Bodabil during World War II
The Japanese invasion of the Philippines in late 1941 led to a halt in film production in the country, at the insistence of the Japanese who were not keen to allow Western influences to persist within the country. Bodabil however was permitted, and it became the predominant form of entertainment in the country. Many film actors whose careers had been stalled became regular performers in bodabil shows.
Among the performers whose careers were jumpstarted during this period were Panchito Alba, Anita Linda, Rosa Mia, the tandem of Pugo and Togo, and Dolphy, who started under the stage name "Golay" as a comic dance partner of Bayani Casimiro.
Many bodabil shows during the war incorporated subtle anti-Japanese and pro-American messages. Pugo and Togo had a popular routine where they portrayed Japanese soldiers wearing multiple wristwatches on both of their arms, and they were soon briefly incarcerated for that spoof. There were comedic and dramatic skits that referred to the impending return of "Mang Arturo", an allusion to General MacArthur's promise, "I shall return." Even guerilla members attended bodabil shows, and when word reached the performers that the Kempetai were due to arrive, they'd break out into a special song that served as code to the guerillas to leave the premises.
Comedy during the Marcos dictatorship
When Ferdinand Marcos announced on September 23, 1972, that they had declared martial law throughout the Philippines, they also ordered the shutdown of media and performance venues. Some radio and television stations were eventually allowed to return to air, but these were mostly stations belonging to cronies of Ferdinand Marcos. Comedic performances soon became one of the few venues through which Ferdinand Marcos, their wife Imelda Marcos, and other key figures could be criticized within the political mainstream. A number of comedians became very popular for this, notably Willie Nepomuceno and Tessie Tomas, who were known for their comedic impersonations of Ferdinand and Imelda Marcos. Nepomuceno would later reveal that they would regularly be approached by generals of the Armed Forces of the Philippines to stop impersonating Marcos "dahil siya ang presidente" (because he's the president) and they are supposed to be treated with respect. Nepumoceno says that they still did the impersonations because they felt that was the only way they were able to serve the country during the dictatorship.
Comedy in the immediate Post-EDSA era
The ouster and eventual exile of Ferdinand Marcos and their family in 1986 led to the reopening of previously-shuttered radio and television stations, allowing comedians to express themselves freely once again. Political satire became a mainstay of Philippine television, with programs such as the Sic O'Clock News taking a satirical look at current events. Satire became a big part of comedy films as well, with films like Juan Tamad at Mister Shooli sa Mongolian Barbecue taking obvious potshots at contemporary issues such as corruption, feudalism, the irrational aspects of the Philippines' legislative process, foreign intervention in local politics, and election cheating.
Contemporary comedy
Comedy in Philippine New Wave cinema
The ready availability of digital cameras in the early 2000s gave birth to a new generation of Philippine movies which have come to be referred to as Philippine New Wave cinema, produced independently from the studios that had dominated the movie industry during much of the 20th century. Comedy was a dominant genre among commercial films of the time, so the early films of the Filipino New Wave tended to be dramas. But as independent producers and directors became more established, Filipino New Wave Comedies began to arise.
Some of the experimental works included metacomedies such as Antoinette Jadaone's Six Degrees of Separation from Lilia Cuntapay and Chris Martinez and Marlon Rivera's Ang Babae Sa Septic Tank, and deadpan mockumentaries such as Mike de Leon's Bayaning Third World. Comedic elements found their way even into documentaries like Ramona S. Diaz' 2003 documentary Imelda, which brought up some of the more absurd character traits of the former First Lady of the Philippines. More successful than these were a new wave of romantic comedies such as J.P. Habac's 2017 film I'm Drunk, I Love You, Dan Villegas' 2014 film English Only, Please and (Antoinette Jadaone's 2014 film That Thing Called Tadhana.
Stand-up comedy
Stand-up comedy began to grow in the Philippines at the turn of the 21st century.
Comedy of the Philippine Diaspora
While emigration from the Philippines started becoming a phenomenon early in the Nation's history, it grew began to grow significantly in light of labor export policies during the Ferdinand Marcos, Corazon Aquino, and Fidel Ramos administrations. As a result, Filipino immigrants have established themselves around the world, with second and even third generations of ethnic Filipinos in many western and middle eastern countries, notably the United States, which has long-held cultural ties with the Philippines. Among these immigrants and their descendants, a new subset of comedians has arisen, reflecting the experiences of the Philippine diaspora.
Among the standup comedians who broke out in the US Comedy scene during the 1990s were stand-up comedians Jo Koy, Rex Navarette and Rob Schneider. The rise of YouTube as an online media platform later saw the rise of YouTube comedians like Mikey Bustos and Christine "Happy Slip" Gambito
Among the most prominent comedy acts of the Philippine diaspora, commonly explored themes include immigrant experiences, especially the humorous interactions of second generation immigrants with their first generation immigrant parents. Another common theme is to poke fun of the racism they observe within Filipino culture, aside from the racism they experience as immigrants.
Comedic themes
The Philippines performing arts have a long history of using comedy to comment on various aspects of Philippine life. Political satire became part of the scene early on, allowing writers to poke fun at Spain and other colonial powers, and later on the Japanese. Poverty has also been a common satirical theme, providing incisive commentary about inequality in Philippine society. Gender and LGBT issues have also been a prominent theme in Philippine comedies, with flamboyant LGBT characters such as Facifica Falayfay becoming a mainstay of commercial Filipino comedies.
Sarcasm and observational comedy is also a recurring theme in Filipino comedy in recent years, with comedians such as Vice Ganda earning a polarizing reputation for their use of mockery and insult comedy directed towards other people.
Notable Filipino comedians
Ramon Bautista
Bayani Casimiro
Ethel Booba
Lourd de Veyra
Dolphy
Eugene Domingo
Ron Josol
Christine "Happy Slip" Gambito
Jo Koy
Leo Martinez
Rex Navarette
Willie Nepomuceno
Panchito Alba
Pugo and Togo
Rene Requiestas
Tim Tayag
Tado (comedian)
Jun Urbano
Michael V.
Tito Sotto
Vic Sotto
Joey De Leon
Redford White
Vice Ganda
Vhong Navarro
References
Philippine comedy
Tanya Marie Neiman (June 28, 1949 – February 27, 2006) was an American lawyer and activist based in San Francisco. For over 20 years, they were director of the Volunteer Legal Services Program of the Bar Association of San Francisco, now known as the Justice & Diversity Center, "one of the largest and most innovative legal services programs in the country to serve lower-income people".
Early life and education
Neiman was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and raised in California, the daughter of Max Neiman and Helen Lamaga Neiman.. They graduated from John H. Francis Polytechnic High School in 1966, earned a bachelor's degree in economics, philosophy, and politics from Mills College in 1970, and earned a Juris Doctor degree from University of California, Hastings College of the Law.
Career
Neiman taught at Boalt Hall as a young woman. They joined the state Public Defender's Office in 1976. They became director of the Volunteer Legal Services Program (VLSP) of the Bar Association of San Francisco in 1982, and, in their long tenure as the program's head, is credited with turning the VLSP, now known as the Justice & Diversity Center (JDC), into "one of the largest and most innovative legal services programs in the country to serve lower-income people". They helped to found the AIDS Legal Referral Panel, the Domestic Violence Consortium, and the Eviction Defense Collaborative.
Neiman was honored by the National Legal Aid & Defender Association (NLADA) in 1996 with their Kutak-Dodds Prize. The State Bar of California gave them the Loren Miller Legal Services Award in 1998. They received a Frontline Award from the ACLU of Northern California in 2005. Just before they died in 2006, they received a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Bay Area Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights.
Publications
"Teaching Woman Them Place: The Role of Public Education in the Development of Sex Roles" (1973)
"A Community-Based Response to Welfare Reform" (1997)
"Creating Community by Implementing Holistic Approaches to Solving Clients' Problems" (1999)
"Legal Services Leadership on Job Development: The San Francisco Experience" (2000)
Personal life and legacy
Neiman was known for wearing suits and bowties. In the 1970s, they had a longterm relationship with Mary Carolyn Morgan, who became the first openly lesbian judge in the United States in 1981, when they were appointed to the San Francisco Municipal Court by Governor Jerry Brown. Neiman and their partner Brett Mangels married at San Francisco City Hall in 2004. They were together for 24 years when Neiman died in 2006, from ovarian cancer, at the age of 56. Flags at San Francisco City Hall flew at half-staff after their death, and mayor Gavin Newsom said that "San Francisco has lost a great humanitarian and altruist".
The Tanya Neiman Building, home of the JDC's Homeless Advocacy Project, is named in their memory, as was the Tanya Neiman Pro Bono Professional of the Year Award, given by the National Association of Pro Bono Professionals.
References
1949 births
2006 deaths
American lawyers
People from San Francisco
University of California, Hastings College of the Law alumni
Mills College alumni
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
LGBT people from California
Heroldsberg (East Franconian: Herldsbärch) is a municipality in the district of Erlangen-Höchstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located eleven kilometers north-east from the city of Nuremberg and 23 kilometers east from Erlangen and is the headquarters of Schwan-Stabilo.
Geography
Location
It is in the Sebalder Reichswald, the forest north to Nuremberg and is on a ridge. The Gründlach, a side river of the Regnitz, flows through the village of Heroldsberg.
Municipality
It contains Großgeschaidt, Kleingeschaidt and the villages of Heroldsberg, consisting of Heroldsberg, Johannisthal and Hundsmühle.
Surrounding Municipalities
It is surrounded by Eckental, Lauf an der Pegnitz, Nuremberg and Kalchreuth.
History
Heroldsberg's history goes back to the 11th century but it was first mentioned in 1225. Later on in 1387 the territory was sold to the Nuremberg patrician family Geuder in whose possession the lordship of Heroldsberg was for over 400 years, rendering them imperial knights with the name Geuder von Heroldsberg, and raised in rank to Bavarian barons in 1822. The Geuders increased their wealth through long-distance trade, namely with spices and cloths shipped to Cologne in the 14th century, and run commercial establishments in Venice in the late 14th century and in Frankfurt am Main and Flanders in the early 15th century. Around 1418 they also did financial business in Paris and were involved in mining companies. It was them who built the four manors, the so-called green, red, white and yellow castles, and the fortified church at the village's market square. Famous painter Albrecht Dürer, a friend of councillor and Schultheiß Martin Geuder III (1455–1532), made the first graphical depiction of the village of Heroldsberg in 1510, with Geuder's newly built Red Castle in the foreground. It is still today owned by Geuder's descendants.
From the 15th to the 17th century there were times of growth and upswing yet diminished by destruction for example through the Margrave Wars and the Thirty Years' War. In 1796 the Geuder family lost the fiefdom and the territory became Prussian, though in the Napoleonic Wars it was under French administration for four years. Ever since 1810 Heroldsberg belongs to Bavaria.
After World War II around 1,700 Heimatvertriebene, ethnic Germans who were forced to leave their eastern-European homecountries after the second World War, settled in Heroldsberg. Since the Bavarian territorial reform in 1978 the villages of Großgeschaidt and Kleingeschaidt are part of the community.
Since the 1970s, Heroldsberg has seen a steady influx of residents and today has 8,852 inhabitants.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms of Heroldsberg shows a golden lion's head, surrounded by three silver stars on a blue background. It was given to the village by King Sigmund in 1417 at the request of Kunz Geuder.
References
Erlangen-Höchstadt
Emergency medical services in Iceland include the provision of ambulance service. They provide all emergency ambulance service for a population of in excess of 320,000 people in one of the most sparsely settled countries in Europe. The system is government-funded for the first 85 percent of cost, with 15 percent being charged to the individual as a deterrent fee. All services in Iceland are provided by the Icelandic Red Cross, with individual ambulances often co-located with local fire brigades.
Organization
Land ambulance
There are currently approximately 77 operational land ambulances in Iceland. These are distributed across almost all communities, usually at fire stations. They are owned and equipped by the Icelandic Red Cross, but are crewed by fire service personnel. In larger centres, such as Reykjavík, the ambulances are staffed by full-time, paid Emergency medical technicians.
In smaller centres, EMTs may be part-time, or even on-call from home in some cases. All ambulance personnel are either the equivalent of EMT-B or EMT-I. Staffing of ambulances is normally 2 people, with two EMT-Bs, or, where available, an EMT-B and an EMT-I. Paramedics are usually found only in Reykjavík, which operates a single, Advanced Life Support ambulance with a crew of three. Ambulances are organized according to the country's multiple Health Service Districts, but are centrally dispatched. At 2014, the ambulances were converted Mercedes vans.
Air ambulance
Because of the sparse population, bad weather, and large numbers of airports, most air ambulance service in Iceland is accomplished using fixed-wing aircraft. The government of Iceland has contracted out this service since 2001. The type of aircraft normally used is a Beechcraft Super King Air 200 operated by the airline Mýflug (Myflug Air). Mýflug has one dedicated air ambulance in Iceland, based at Akureyri, the site of the country's second largest hospital. There are normally 2 aircraft available (one dedicated, one as a charter), with a third charter aircraft being provided during the winter months.
When weather conditions or other circumstances make fixed-wing inappropriate, the system has access to three helicopters (Aerospatiale Dauphin or Super Puma) operated by the Icelandic Coast Guard, and based at Reykjavík. On medical missions, Coast Guard helicopters are normally staffed by physicians. Iceland's Air Ambulance system responds to approximately 450 fixed-wing calls per year, and an additional 130-160 helicopter calls per year.
Model of care
An attempt to describe the model of care used quickly becomes complex. At the ALS end of the spectrum, the model closely resembles the German version of the Franco-German model, with paramedics working with and under the direction of a physician. This represents, however, only the 5 percent of EMS personnel in the entire country who are paramedics, and only a single ambulance, out of 77 units in service. For the balance, the model much more closely resembles the Anglo-American model, with EMTs making their treatment decisions based upon local guidelines, albeit at a basic life support level, or at best, with the limited skill set of an EMT-I.
Training
Basic and Intermediate
There is not currently an official national training standard for EMS personnel in Iceland. As a result, the training levels which operate by default are those currently in use in the United States. Training for EMT Basic, and EMT Intermediate are directly comparable with the U.S. standards. These are conducted by the Icelandic Centre for EMS Education.
Paramedic
Since paramedic training is currently unavailable in Iceland, most of these were trained and certified in the United States at the University of Pittsburgh's Center for Emergency Medicine. Paramedics scope of practice is similar to what paramedics in the USA are used to, this includes stong analgesia, vasopressors and cardiac drugs. in Iceland. Paramedics are also sometimes used to provide care on air ambulance transports. Paramedics completing training in the U.S. are validated and certified by the Icelandic directorate of health.
Skills
There is, at the moment, limited governing legislation regarding the practice of EMS personnel in Iceland. This is particularly critical regarding the administration of medications. The Icelandic Parliament has assigned responsibility for oversight to the various local health authorities, and, as a result, there is considerable variation in permissible skills. The following, while far from complete, will serve as a general overview of permissible skills at the various levels of training:
EMT-Basic
Automatic External Defibrillator
Supraglottal Airways (Laryngeal Mask, Laryngeal Tube, Fast Trach)
EMT-Intermediate
Automatic External Defibrillator
Supraglottal Airways (Laryngeal Mask, Laryngeal Tube, Fast Trach)
IV initiation
Use of Epinephrine in Cardiac Arrest
EMT-Paramedic
Manual Defibrillation
Supraglottal Airways (Laryngeal Mask, Laryngeal Tube, Fast Trach)
IV initiation
Use of Epinephrine in Cardiac Arrest
Endotracheal Intubation
Surgical Cricothyrotomy
Communications
Iceland uses the European emergency telephone number 112 for all emergencies. Dispatch, which used to be a local function, merged into two dispatch centres, and is in the process of merging into a single, integrated dispatch centre for all three emergency services. The new system involves both CAD and also satellite-based automatic vehicle locating for all emergency vehicles, with plans to expand the system to include snowplows and sanders to expedite emergency responses in bad weather. The system dispatches an estimated 22,000 EMS calls per year.
References
External links
Icelandic Red Cross - http://www.redcross.is/
Icelandic National Police website - https://web.archive.org/web/20080512234325/http://logreglan.is/displayer.asp?cat_id=217
Icelandic Civil Defence website - http://www.almannavarnir.is/
Icelandic Fire Service website - http://www.enwhp.org/fileadmin/downloads/models/PubAdmin-Project/Iceland/The%20Capital%20District%20Fire%20and%20Rescue%20Service.pdf
Ice
Medical and health organizations based in Iceland
Emergency services in Iceland
Korotkovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 30 as of 2002.
Geography
Korotkovskaya is located 37 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Okulovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Doultabad is a Mandal in Medak district of Telangana, India.
References
Mandal headquarters in Siddipet district
Villages in Siddipet district
Long Time... Seldom Scene is the Seldom Scene's first-ever release with Smithsonian Folkways. "Hickory Wind" is a homesick ballad that features the vocals of longtime friend of the Scene, Emmylou Harris, who originally recorded the song on their 'Blue Kentucky Girl' album in 1980. "Wait a Minute" is a fresh take of a song originally recorded for 1974's Old Train album and includes founding member John Starling (vocals) and guests Rickie Simpkins (fiddle) and Chris Eldridge (guitar), son of founding member Ben Eldridge (banjo).
The Seldom Scene is founding member Ben Eldridge (banjo), Lou Reid (mandolin/vocals), Dudley Connell (guitar/vocals), Ronnie Simpkins (bass/vocals), and Fred Travers (dobro/vocals). The album was produced by three-time GRAMMY award-winning Smithsonian Folkways Sound Production Supervisor Pete Reiniger.
Track listing
California Cottonfields 3:04
Wait a Minute (feat. John Starling) 5:13
What Am I Doing Hangin' Round 2:50
Hickory Wind (feat. Emmylou Harris) 4:03
I'll Be No Stranger There 2:20
Walk Through This World with Me 2:32
Big Train (From Memphis) 2:46
With Body and Soul (feat John Starling, Emmylou Harris, and Tom Gray) 3:22
Paradise 2:57
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue 3:20
Mean Mother Blues (feat. John Starling) 3:08
My Better Years 3:08
Little Georgia Rose (feat. John Starling) 2:54
Like I Used to Do 4:09
Through the Bottom of the Glass 2:43
Lorena 5:27
Personnel
Dudley Connell - vocals, guitar
Lou Reid - mandolin, vocals
Ben Eldridge - banjo, guitar, vocals
Fred Travers - dobro, guitar, vocals
Ronnie Simpkins - bass, vocals
with
Chris Eldridge - guitar
Rickie Simpkins - fiddle
John Starling - vocals, guitar
Tom Gray - bass
Emmylou Harris - vocals
Chart performance
References
External links
Official site
Smithsonian Folkways
2014 albums
The Seldom Scene albums
Smithsonian Folkways albums
Neritan Novi (born 3 September 1970) is an Albanian football manager and former player.
International statistics
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Gjirokastër County
People from Gjirokastër
Footballers from Gjirokastër
Albanian footballers
Albania international footballers
Association football midfielders
Luftëtari Gjirokastër players
Kategoria Superiore players
Luftëtari Gjirokastër managers
Kategoria Superiore managers
Albanian football managers
Sankt Wolfgang is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Carenum transversicolle is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Maximilien Chaudoir in 1868.
References
transversicolle
Beetles described in 1868
Packstation is a service of parcel lockers run by DHL Parcel Germany, a business unit of Deutsche Post's Mail division, in Germany and elsewhere (e.g. in Italy). It provides automated booths for a self-service collection of parcels and oversize letters as well as self-service dispatch of parcels 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Packstation started as a pilot project in 2001 and was quickly expanded. There are 3,000 Packstation machines in Germany and 90 percent of the people living in Germany were within ten minutes of a DHL Packstation. Only ordinary parcels and letters delivered by Deutsche Post can be delivered to Packstations. Moreover, Deutsche Post allows its subsidiary DHL Express Germany to insert a limited number of express parcels. Packstations were originally manufactured by the Austrian company KEBA with newer stations developed by DHL Paket in conjunction with Polygon.
A major market for Packstation is the increasing number of single people, especially students and time-poor professionals, who purchase products online but are not normally at home at daytime to accept deliveries, or who do not have the time to deposit parcels at the post office during normal opening hours.
As of November 2017 there were over 8 million registered Packstation customers in Germany according to Deutsche Post.
Operation
Registration
Using Packstations is free of charge both for private and business customers, however prior registration through the web portal Paket.de is required for collection of parcels.
Each customer obtains a magnetic stripe card ("Goldcard") and PIN that can be used to identify the customer at Packstation machines and post offices. Previously, it was possible to use the Packstation by entering the customer number and the PIN. This was changed in 2011 in order to increase security as said by DHL, usage of the Goldcard is mandatory now. On 29 October 2012, a mandatory mTAN was introduced, this is transmitted solely in the SMS notification or can be retrieved from the DHL Paket App. Each mTAN is valid only for one opening procedure (which may entitle to open several booths if the recipient has received numerous shipments), hereby replacing the PIN.
Delivery and Collection
If a parcel or letter is addressed to a Packstation, it is delivered directly to the specified booth. If the destination is full, the parcel is diverted to the nearest booth with free compartments or to the nearest post office. It is also diverted to the post office if it is too large to fit into the compartments.
As soon as the parcel arrives at the Packstation, the customer is notified by SMS and email. They then have seven business days to collect the package. The customer logs in with their Goldcard and mTAN, and retrieves the parcel.
The Packstation also accepts Maestro debit cards for collect-on-delivery mail.
Customers without Packstation cards
Parcels addressed to a house number (instead of a customer number) are diverted to a Packstation if the recipient is not available to sign for the delivery. In those instances, the recipient receives a green card with a bar code and address of the Packstation. The recipient then goes to the Packstation at their convenience, holds the bar code under the scanner, and follows the simple instructions on the screen. The locker with the parcel then opens automatically and the recipient retrieves the parcel. Delivery in this manner does not require advance registration.
Dispatch
To send a parcel from a Packstation, the customer must first buy a package stamp at a post office, online or directly at a Packstation booth. Return labels from online shops may also be used.
The client scans the bar code on the package stamp after facultatively logging in using the Goldcard. After the parcel size is specified, a compartment opens where the parcel can be placed. The maximum size for parcels is 60 × 35 × 35 cm.
Packstation for businesses
Packstation Inhouse
Since January 2004, DHL has offered in-house Packstations for large businesses (with more than 3000 employees). This service can be used by businesses whose employees receive private parcels at their work address. The first business to set up a Packstation in-house was SAP in Walldorf. Unlike public Packstations, the location of in-house Packstations is not published on the internet. BASF, Siemens, T-Mobile, and T-Online have also set up Packstations on their premises.
Packstation for technicians
Public Packstations are often used by businesses to deliver spare parts to service technicians working in the field, or on the way to the customer.
A few difficulties of using a Packstation
Wheelchair users might have trouble using the Packstations, because some of the compartments are too high for wheelchair access.
The user of a Packstation must agree to give up their right to decline acceptance of delivery when registering for the service. Traditional parcel delivery to a home address or for collection at a post office can be rejected by the customer if visible damage has occurred to the packaging, or if it is an unwanted delivery. However, Packstation customers have the option of filing a complaint with the nearest post office.
See also
Click and collect
References
Express mail
Postal services
Postal infrastructure
ru:Автоматизированная почтовая станция
Vinícius Conceição da Silva (born March 7, 1977 in Porto Alegre), or simply Vinícius, is a Brazilian central defender. They currently play for Caxias do Sul.
Honours
Campeonato Gaúcho in 1997, 2003, 2004, 2005 with Internacional
Primeira Liga Champion in 1999–2000 with Sporting Clube de Portugal
Korean Super Cup Winner in 2006 with Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i
Campeonato Mineiro in 2007 with Clube Atlético Mineiro
External links
Vinícius at Atletico.com.br
Vinícius at Placar
Vinícius at CBF
Vinícius at Guardian Stats Centre
1977 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Sport Club Internacional players
Primeira Liga players
Sporting CP footballers
Standard Liège players
Belgian First Division A players
Fluminense FC players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
K League 1 players
Sociedade Esportiva e Recreativa Caxias do Sul players
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Porto Alegre
Ruth Jên (born 1964) is a Welsh artist, working in the old shoe shop in the village of Tal-y-bont, Ceredigion.
Biography
Born Ruth Jên Evans at Cefn Llwyd, they studied on an Art Foundation Course
at Carmarthen before completing a degree in fine art in Cardiff (1983–1987), specialising in printmaking. They returned to Aberystwyth having completed their studies, and worked for Yr Academi Gymreig, and doing book cover illustration work on a freelance basis for the local publishers, Y Lolfa.Wales They painted the first mural in Tal-y-bont in 1991.
Ruth Jên's illustration work is often in mixed media, combining painting, collage and printmaking techniques.
Awards and honours
Bilingual Design Awards, Welsh Language Board 2002
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
20th-century Welsh painters
21st-century Welsh painters
20th-century Welsh women artists
21st-century Welsh women artists
20th-century British printmakers
21st-century British printmakers
Alumni of Cardiff School of Art and Design
People from Ceredigion
Welsh printmakers
Welsh women painters
Women printmakers
Mzima Springs are a series of four natural springs in Tsavo National Park, Kenya. They are located in the west of the Park, around 48 km from Mtito Andei. The source of the springs is a natural reservoir under the Chyulu Hills to the north. The Chyulu range is composed of volcanic lava rock and ash, which is too porous to allow rivers to flow. Instead, rain water percolates through the rock, and may spend 25 years underground before emerging 50 kilometres away at Mzima. The natural filtration process gives rise to Mzima's famously clear stream, which flows through a series of pools and rapids. Two kilometres downstream from the springs, the stream is blocked by a solidified lava flow and disappears below the surface again.
Mzima is one of Tsavo's most popular wildlife attractions owing to its resident populations of hippos and Nile crocodiles. Mzima's isolation makes both species are dependent on its waters: other sources are too distant for them to reach by overland travel. The hippos also sustain an entire food chain. They browse the surrounding savannah by night and return to Mzima's pools by day, where their dung fertilises the water. Fruiting trees such as date and raffia palms, waterberrys and figs grow beside the water, using their submerged roots to absorb nutrients. Their fruits are a source of food for vervet monkeys and a variety of birds. Below the water's surface, the invertebrates which feed on the hippo dung are preyed on by fish and cormorants.
The springs were made famous by wildlife film-makers Alan and Joan Root's 1969 nature documentary Mzima: Portrait of a Spring, which featured underwater footage of the hippos and crocodiles. They were also the subject of the Survival Special Mzima: Haunt of the Riverhorse in 2003, which featured the first footage of a hippo infanticide.
In 2009, a prolonged drought proved catastrophic for Mzima's wildlife. Starving game animals were driven to permanent water sources in their thousands, bringing them into competition with the resident hippos. The grassland surrounding the spring turned to desert and hippos began starving to death. In September 2009, only five remained, down from 70 in 2003, and journalists reported seeing carcasses floating in the pools.
Source of Coast Water
Mzima Springs, Marere, and Tiwi in Kwale County are the other sources of water (after Baaricho which supply 90 million litres per day). They supply 20 million litres a day to Voi, Mariakani, and the South Coast.
References
Springs of Africa
Bodies of water of Kenya
The 1897 Mindanao earthquakes occurred on September 20, 1897 at 19:06 UTC and September 21, 1897 at 05:12 UTC. The estimated epicentres of the two earthquakes are identical, lying just off the southwestern coast of Mindanao in the Philippines, south of Basilan island. The earthquakes were originally given estimated magnitudes of 8.6 and 8.7 on the surface wave magnitude scale by Charles Richter, but these were revised downwards by Katsuyuki Abe to 7.4 and 7.5 , respectively. Contemporary reports noted that with few exceptions, all the masonry buildings in Zamboanga and Basilan were left in ruins.
Both earthquakes triggered tsunamis, with the second being quite destructive, with a maximum run-up of 7.0 m. The tsunami was noted all along the southwest coast of Negros, the west coast of Panay, the south coast of Palawan, the west coast of Mindanao, and the east coast of Borneo. At least 13 died as a result of the second tsunami, with a hundred or more casualties also being reported.
See also
1918 Celebes Sea earthquake
1976 Moro Gulf earthquake
List of earthquakes in the Philippines
List of historical earthquakes
References
Earthquakes in the Philippines
1897 earthquakes
History of Basilan
History of Zamboanga City
History of Sulu
September 1897 events
1897 in the Philippines
Singapore (), officially the State of Singapore (), was one of the 14 states of Malaysia from 1963 to 1965. Malaysia was formed on 16 September 1963 by the merger of the Federation of Malaya with the former British colonies of North Borneo, Sarawak and Singapore. This marked the end of the 144-year British rule in Singapore which began with the founding of modern Singapore by Sir Stamford Raffles in 1819. At the time of merger, it was the smallest state in the country by land area.
The union was unstable due to distrust and ideological differences between the leaders of Singapore and of the federal government of Malaysia. They often disagreed about finance, politics and racial policies. Singapore continued to face significant trade restrictions despite promises of a common market in return for a large proportion of its tax revenues, and retaliated by withholding loans to Sabah and Sarawak. In the political arena, the Malaysia-based United Malays National Organisation (UMNO) and Singapore-based People's Action Party (PAP), entered each other's political arenas, despite previous agreements not to do so. These resulted in major race riots in Singapore in 1964, which were attributed (at least in part) to instigation by UMNO and its Malay-language newspaper Utusan Melayu for affirmative action for Malays in Singapore.
These culminated in the decision by Malaysian Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman to expel Singapore from the Federation, and on 9 August 1965, Singapore became independent.
Prelude to merger
Singapore politicians, beginning with David Marshall in 1955, repeatedly courted the Tunku Abdul Rahman about merger with the Federation, but were rebuffed repeatedly. Tunku's chief consideration was the need to maintain the racial balance in the Federation, UMNO's position in the Alliance Party, and Malay political dominance. Including Singapore with its large Chinese population would result in the Chinese (at 3.6 million) outnumbering the 3.4 million Malays in the new union, and put it "at-risk".
Balanced against this risk was their even greater fear of an independent Singapore outside the federation, particularly if it fell under the control of an unfriendly government. As part of decolonisation and increasing British disengagement from Malaya, constitutional talks on self-government for Singapore between the British Colonial Office in London and the Singapore Legislative Assembly had already resulted in the 1958 State of Singapore Constitution, and a fully elected and self-governing 51-seat Legislative Assembly in 1959. Tunku worried that the next round of constitutional talks would grant Singapore even more independence and put the island beyond their or Britain's reach; as British officials put it, a 'batik curtain' would descend across the Straits of Johor, beyond which political elements and possibly even a 'communist Cuba' would gather strength. This fear became increasingly real to Tunku after 29 April 1961 when Ong Eng Guan of the left-wing United Peoples' Party trounced the PAP candidate at the Hong Lim by-election.
Tunku was also worried about Indonesia, the other regional Malay behemoth, which under Sukarno's Guided Democracy was becoming increasingly nationalistic and expansionist, undertaking regional actions such as the liberation of West New Guinea and Konfrontasi (also known as the Borneo confrontation).
With these considerations in mind, and although it was not apparent at the time, Tunku had already been considering merger as early as June 1960. At a meeting of Commonwealth Prime Ministers, they mentioned to Lord Perth of the Colonial Office that they were open to a merger if a 'Grand Design' including not just Singapore but also British Borneo could be offered as some sort of package deal. Not only would it greatly benefit the territory, resources and population under their control, but the combination of indigenous Bornean peoples and Peninsular Malays (collectively termed Bumiputera) would counterbalance the increased numbers of Singaporean Chinese.
On 27 May 1961 at the Foreign Correspondents Association of Southeast Asia, Tunku announced that a closer association between Malaya, Singapore and the Borneo territories was a distinct possibility. Furthermore, they were calling not just for a customs union but a full union into a single political entity, the Federation of Malaysia.
Referendum
Malaysia Agreement
Singapore-specific provisions included:
Singapore would retain control on education and labour. Defence, external affairs and internal security would come under the jurisdiction of the federal government
Singapore would have only 15 seats in the federal parliament instead of 25 seats (as was entitled by the size of its electorate) in return for this increased autonomy
Singapore would pay 40% of its total revenue to the federal government. It would disburse a $150 million loan to the Borneo territories, of which two-thirds would be interest-free for five years. A common market would be implemented over twelve years.
Singapore citizens would become Malaysian citizens while retaining Singapore citizenship, but they could only vote in Singapore.
Merger
Merger was originally scheduled for 31 August 1963 to coincide with the official independence day of Malaysia. However it was postponed by Tunku Abdul Rahman to 16 September 1963, to accommodate a United Nations mission to North Borneo and Sarawak to ensure that they really wanted a merger, which was prompted by Indonesian objections to the formation of Malaysia.
Nonetheless, on 31 August 1963 (the original Malaysia Day), Lee Kuan Yew stood in front of a crowd at the Padang in Singapore and unilaterally declared Singapore's independence. On 16 September 1963, coincidentally Lee's fortieth birthday, they once again stood in front of a crowd at the Padang and this time proclaimed Singapore as part of Malaysia. Pledging their loyalty to the Central Government, the Tunku and their colleagues, Lee asked for ‘an honourable relationship between the states and the Central Government, a relationship between brothers, and not a relationship between masters and servants'.
Post-merger
Economic disagreement
The Singapore and federal governments had disagreements on the economic front. As part of the Malaysia Agreement, Singapore agreed to contribute 40% of its total revenue to the federal government and provide largely interest-free loans to Sabah and Sarawak, in exchange for establishment of a common market. However in July 1965, Malaysian Finance Minister Tan Siew Sin proposed raising the contribution to 60% and hinted 'that unless Singapore agrees to pay more, the common market would be slow in coming about'. This was refused by Singapore's Finance Minister, Goh Keng Swee, who accused Kuala Lumpur of imposing tariffs on Singapore-made products. Both sides also disagreed over the issuance of the loan, but agreed to refer this issue to the World Bank for arbitration.
Political disagreement
The Federal Government of Malaysia, dominated by the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), was concerned that as long as Singapore remained in the Federation, the bumiputera policy of affirmative action in favor of Malays and the indigenous population would be undermined and therefore run counter to its agenda of addressing economic disparities between racial groups. This stance clashed with the PAP's repeated pledges for a "Malaysian Malaysia" – the equal treatment of all races in Malaysia by the government which should serve Malaysian citizens without any regard for the economic conditions of any particular race. Another contributing factor was fear that the economic dominance of Singapore's port would inevitably shift political power away from Kuala Lumpur in time, should Singapore remain in the Federation.
Racial tensions
Racial tensions increased dramatically within a year. In particular, despite the Malaysian government conceding citizenship to the many Chinese immigrants after independence, in Singapore the Chinese disdained the Federal policies of affirmative action, which granted special privileges to the Malays guaranteed under Article 153 of the Constitution of Malaysia. These included financial and economic benefits that were preferentially given to Malays and the recognition of Islam as the sole official religion, although non-Muslims maintained freedom of worship. Malays and Muslims in Singapore were being increasingly incited by the Federal Government's accusations that the PAP was mistreating the Malays.
Numerous racial riots resulted, and curfews were frequently imposed to restore order. These were collectively termed the 1964 race riots, the largest and deadliest of which occurred on 21 July 1964. The immediate antecedent event was a speech by Syed Jaafar Albar, backed by Federation Deputy Prime Minister Abdul Razak Hussein, at the New Star Cinema in Pasir Panjang on 12 July 1964, where they accused Lee Kuan Yew of being an oppressor and alleged that the fate of the Malays was even worse than it was during the Japanese occupation. They declared to an excited audience of several thousand Malays that 'if there is unity, no force in this world can trample us down... Not one Lee Kuan Yew, a thousand Lee Kuan Yew... we finish them off...' The crowd responded enthusiastically with cries to arrest Lee and Othman Wok, and crush and kill them. Events escalated over the following week, culminating in an article in the Utusan Melayu on 20 July 1964 titled 'Challenge to all Malays to all Malays – UMNO Youths; Lee Kuan Yew Condemned; Teacher forced student to smell pork – Protest'. The day after on 21 July 1964, Racial riots broke out during the celebratory procession of Muhammad's birthday near Kallang Gasworks, resulting in 4 deaths and 178 injured at the end of that first day, and 23 deaths and 454 injuries by the time the riot was quelled. More riots had broken out in September 1964. The prices for food skyrocketed when the transportation system was disrupted during the unrest, causing further hardship.
The external political situation was also tense at the time, with Indonesia actively against the establishment of the Federation of Malaysia. President Sukarno of Indonesia declared a state of Konfrontasi (Confrontation) against Malaysia, and initiated military and other actions against the new nation, including the bombing of MacDonald House in Singapore in March 1965 by Indonesian commandos which killed three people. Indonesia also conducted seditious activities to provoke the Malays against the Chinese.
Expulsion
On 7 August 1965, Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, seeing no alternative to avoid further bloodshed, advised the Parliament of Malaysia that it should vote to expel Singapore from Malaysia. Despite last-ditch attempts by PAP leaders, including Lee Kuan Yew, to keep Singapore as a state in the union, the Parliament on 9 August 1965 voted 126–0 in favour of the expulsion of Singapore, with Members of Parliament from Singapore not present. On that day, a tearful Lee announced that Singapore was a sovereign, independent nation and assumed the role of Prime Minister of the new nation. Their speech included these words: "I mean to me it is a moment of anguish because all my life… you see the whole of my adult life… I have believed in merger and the unity of these two territories. You know it's a people connected by geography, economics, and ties of kinship…"
While it has previously been taken as historical common knowledge that Singapore had been expelled from Malaysia unilaterally by the Kuala Lumpur Government, recently declassified documents from the Albatross File (taken from a 1980s interview where Goh referred to Merger with Malaysia as an "Albatross around [their] necks"), revealed that as early as July 1964, negotiations had begun between the PAP and the Alliance. In a handwritten letter, Lee Kuan Yew formally authorised Goh Keng Swee to negotiate with Alliance leadership in order to negotiate and plan the eventual exit of Singapore from the Federation, and over the next year, the two parties coordinated to arrange matters such that when the Tunku announced Singapore's expulsion and the PAP were "forced" to establish an independent government, it would be presented as a "fait accompli" that could not be jeopardised by popular uproar or opposition, which was still in favour of Merger. Having already reaped the political benefits of Operation Coldstore, the crippling of the Singaporean Left, the detention of key Barisan Sosialis leaders like Lim Chin Siong, Lee and Goh both believed that this move would afford Singapore with the "best of both worlds", both isolated from the communal turmoil which they believed would inevitably engulf Malaysia while retaining the economic benefits of access to the Malaysian markets.
Under constitutional amendments passed in December that year, the new state became the Republic of Singapore, with the vice-regal representative or Yang di-Pertuan Negara, Yusof Ishak, becoming the first President, and the Legislative Assembly becoming the Parliament of Singapore. These changes were made retroactive to the date of Singapore's separation from Malaysia. The Malaya and British Borneo dollar remained legal tender until the introduction of the Singapore dollar in 1967. Before the currency split, there were discussions about a common currency between the Malaysian and Singaporean governments.
See also
History of Malaysia
Proclamation of Malaysia
PAP-UMNO relations
History of the Republic of Singapore
Independence of Singapore Agreement 1965
Proclamation of Singapore
References
Further reading
(An interview with the Prime Minister of Singapore regarding merger negotiations.)
1963 in Singapore
1964 in Singapore
1965 in Singapore
1963 in Malaysia
Formation of Malaysia
Malaysia and the Commonwealth of Nations
Singapore and the Commonwealth of Nations
States and territories established in 1963
States and territories disestablished in 1965
In graph theory, a knight's graph, or a knight's tour graph, is a graph that represents all legal moves of the knight chess piece on a chessboard. Each vertex of this graph represents a square of the chessboard, and each edge connects two squares that are a knight's move apart from each other.
More specifically, an knight's graph is a knight's graph of an chessboard.
Its vertices can be represented as the points of the Euclidean plane whose Cartesian coordinates are integers with and (the points at the centers of the chessboard squares), and with two
vertices connected by an edge when their Euclidean distance is .
For an knight's graph, the number of vertices is . If and then the number of edges is (otherwise there are no edges). For an knight's graph, these simplify so that the number of vertices is and the number of edges is .
A Hamiltonian cycle on the knight's graph is a (closed) knight's tour. A chessboard with an odd number of squares has no tour, because the knight's graph is a bipartite graph and only bipartite graphs with an even number of vertices can have Hamiltonian cycles. All but finitely many chessboards with an even number of squares have a knight's tour; Schwenk's theorem provides an exact listing of which ones do and which do not.
When it is modified to have toroidal boundary conditions (meaning that a knight is not blocked by the edge of the board, but instead continues onto the opposite edge) the knight's graph is the same as the four-dimensional hypercube graph.
See also
King's graph
Queen's graph
Rook's graph
References
External links
Mathematical chess problems
Parametric families of graphs
Laurent Mailhot (22 September 1931 – 4 January 2021) was a Canadian historian, writer, professor, essayist, and literary critic.
Biography
Born in Saint-Alexis on 22 September 1931, Mailhot studied at the Séminaire de Joliette. They earned a master's degree from the Université de Montréal and a doctorate from the University of Grenoble. They began teaching at the Université de Montréal in 1963. They were an editor at the journal Études françaises from 1979 to 1987.
Laurent Mailhot died in Trois-Rivières on 4 January 2021 at the age of 89.
Publications
Studies
Le théâtre québécois. Introduction à dix dramaturges contemporains (1970)
Albert Camus ou l'imagination du désert (1973)
La littérature québécoise (1974)
Le réel, le réalisme et la littérature québécoise (1974)
Théâtre québécois II. Nouveaux auteurs, autres spectacles (1980)
Répertoire pratique de littérature et de culture québécoises (1981)
Guide culturel du Québec (1982)
Le Conseil des arts du Canada 1957-1982 (1982)
Ouvrir le livre (1992)
La littérature québécoise depuis ses origines (1997)
Plaisirs de la prose (2005)
André Brochu, écrivain (2006)
Anthologies
Anthologie d'Arthur Buies (1978)
Monologues québécois : 1890-1980 (1980)
Le Québec en textes 1940-1980 (1980)
La poésie québécoise des origines à nos jours. Anthologie (1980)
Essais québécois 1837-1983. Anthologie littéraire (1984)
L'essai québécois depuis 1845. Étude et anthologie (2005)
Distinctions
Prix France-Québec (1981)
Killam Scholarship (1986)
Prix André-Laurendeau (1987)
Member of the Royal Society of Canada (1987)
Prix de la revue Études françaises for Plaisirs de la prose (2005)
References
1931 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Canadian historians
French Quebecers
Université de Montréal alumni
21st-century Canadian historians
The Best American Short Stories 2000, a volume in The Best American Short Stories series, was edited by Katrina Kennison and by guest editor E. L. Doctorow.
Short stories included
Notes
2000 anthologies
Fiction anthologies
Short Stories 2000
Houghton Mifflin books
The Beauty of the Husband: A Fictional Essay in 29 Tangos is a 2001 collection of poetry by Anne Carson that won them the T. S. Eliot Prize.
Summary
The Beauty of the Husband includes narrative verse that describes erotic, painful, and heartbreaking scenes from a doomed marriage. A tango (like a marriage) is something you have to dance to the end. The essay traces the development from adolescent fixation to post-divorce adult fixation, and begins when the main character's mother insists that the male subject is not to be trusted. The grandfather of the male subject mentions that under no circumstances should they marry their grandson, whom they call "tragikos" – a word meaning either tragic or goat. The decades-long doomed relationship that follows features betrayal, adultery, separation, and sensuality, and is marked by prophecy, disillusionment, and poignancy.
Carson's essay is a powerful, moving, and often wryly amusing exploration of how people become the victims of desires they cannot control. The 29 "tangos" are titled and numbered sections of long lines which alternate with much shorter lines to suggest the movements of tango dancers. There is also a thirtieth entry by the husband.
The essay is dedicated to John Keats, "for their general surrender to beauty." In their "Ode on a Grecian Urn", Keats concludes that "Beauty is truth, truth beauty,–that is all / Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know." Each section in the essay begins with a quote from Keats, and the collection as a whole is framed by their aphorism "Beauty is Truth, Truth Beauty".
Carson, though an accomplished and celebrated writer, has previously mentioned that at heart they consider themselves a visual, not verbal, artist. They have noted that they feel books never fully exhaust their ideas. Love and beauty are some of the concepts explored in different ways by Carson in several of their works. They also translate and teaches Ancient Greek.
Reception
The Beauty of the Husband won Carson the T. S. Eliot Prize on their third consecutive nomination in 2001, making them the first woman to be awarded this honour. That same year, the book won the Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Poetry, and the Quebec Writers' Federation Award – A. M. Klein Prize for Poetry. It was also a finalist for the 2002 Lenore Marshall Poetry Prize.
Daphne Merkin, writing for the New York Times Book Review, called Anne Carson "one of the great pasticheurs", and said of The Beauty of the Husband: "I don't think there has been a book since Robert Lowell's Life Studies that has advanced the art of poetry quite as radically as Anne Carson is in the process of doing".
References
2001 poetry books
Alfred A. Knopf books
Canadian poetry collections
T. S. Eliot Prize-winning works
The Bukit Merah Lake Railway Bridge or Bukit Merah Marine Viaduct is a double track railway bridge across Bukit Merah Lake in the state of Perak, Malaysia. The 2013 3.5 km double track railway bridge replaced the single track railway causeway crossing the lake.
Railway bridges in Malaysia
Modern pentathlon competitions made their debut at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games in the Philippines and were held at the Subic Bay Boardwalk. Ironically, though an Olympic sport, it was not contested in the Olympic format.
Medal table
Medalists
References
External links
2019 Southeast Asian Games events
2019 in modern pentathlon
Peter E. Oatey (born 22 September 1946) is a former South Australian sportsman who played both Australian rules football and tennis. They appeared in two Australian Championships and played for the Norwood Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).
Oatey played 120 SANFL games with Norwood, from 1965 to 1972. Early in their career they were a half forward flanker but they later appeared mostly as a rover.  They are the son of Jack Oatey and brother of Robert Oatey, both South Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees.
They partnered Ian Bidmeade in the 1967 Australian Championship doubles but they were eliminated in the opening round, by Americans Jim McManus and Jim Osborne.
In the 1968 Australian Championships they had more success, reaching the quarter finals of the doubles with their partner Barry Phillips-Moore. They defeated eighth seeds Will Coghlan and Colin Stubs in the opening round, in five sets. In the next round they had a walkover win over the Japanese pair, Jun Kamiwazumi and Toshiro Sakai. Their quarterfinal encounter with the number one seeds, William Bowrey and Ray Ruffels, proved too much and they exited in straight sets.
Oatey also competed in the singles draw and again encountered Will Coghlan in the first round, this time losing in four sets. Had Oatey won they would have met their own doubles partner, Phillips-Moore, in the second round.
References
External links
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Norwood Football Club players
Australian male tennis players
Tennis people from South Australia
Living people
1946 births
The pre-Columbian Maya religion knew various jaguar gods, in addition to jaguar demi-gods, (ancestral) protectors, and transformers. The main jaguar deities are discussed below. Their associated narratives (part of Maya mythology) are still largely to be reconstructed. Lacandon and Tzotzil-Tzeltal oral tradition are particularly rich in jaguar lore.
The Maya people saw the jaguar's attributes as a strong and powerful creature, as well as its easily recognizable coat, and incorporated it into their mythology. Many gods were portrayed as jaguars, or at least had characteristics not unlike jaguars, due to their powerful nature.
The Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire and War ('Night Sun')
The Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire is recognizable by a 'cruller' around the eyes (making a loop over the nose), jaguar ears, and fangs. They personify the number seven, which is associated with the day Akʼbʼal ('Night'). Usually called 'Jaguar God of the Underworld', they have been assumed to be the 'Night Sun' - the shape supposedly taken by the sun (Kinich Ahau) during their nightly journey through the underworld - by reason of having the large eyes and filed incisors that also occur with the sun deity, and of sometimes evincing a k 'in infix. The deity's hypothetical aspect of a nocturnal sun (that is, a subterranean fire) should perhaps be connected to their proven association with terrestrial fire.  They are often represented on incense burners and connected to fire rituals, while their 'cruller' may represent a cord used in making fire with a stick (Taube). Moreover, vases in codical style show him, captured, about to be burnt with torches. The nocturnal sun hypothesis is complicated by this very incident, and even more so by the fact that the fiery jaguar deity is identified with a star (or perhaps a constellation or planet). The god's other sphere of influence is war, witness for example the stereotypical presence of their face on war shields.
God L
God L is one of the oldest Mayan deities, and associated with trade, riches, and black sorcery, and belongs to the jaguar deities: they have jaguar ears, a jaguar mantle and lives in a jaguar palace. Some take them to be the main ruler over the Underworld. In that sense, they would have to be considered the true "Jaguar God of the Underworld".
The Jaguar Goddess of Midwifery and War
The aged goddess of midwifery, curing, and war Ix Chel, belongs to the jaguar deities. They have jaguar ears and claws and can show the looped cruller element and the large eye of the Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire (Birth Vase), suggesting that they might be a spouse to this deity.
The Jaguar Patron of the War Month of Pax
The patron deity of the month of Pax has jaguar paws above their ears, a removed lower jaw, and vomits blood. In 16th-century Yucatán, rituals held in the month of Pax centered on the war leader and the puma deity, Cit Chac Coh. Personified as a tree, the Pax deity witnesses the shooting of the Principal Bird Deity and equally of a Vulture King by Hun-Ahpu. The tree personification serves as a metonym for uninhabited wooded areas and their menace (Taube). Particularly scenes on pottery show the Pax deity to be intimately associated with war and human sacrifice.
The Aged Jaguar Paddler
One of two aged deities associated with the base date of the Long Count and steering the canoe with the Tonsured Maize God has a jaguar headdress and is connected to Night, like the Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire. (The other Paddler God is an aged form of the sun deity apparently connected to Daylight.)
The Jaguar Twin Hero
The Jaguar Twin Hero, companion to Hun-Ahpu (or Hun-Ajaw) and thus corresponding to Xbalanque in the much later Popol Vuh Twin myth, has patches of jaguar skin stuck to their arms and body, in addition to jaguar pimples around their mouth. Fittingly, in the Popol Vuh, Xbalanque is the more violent Twin.
Jaguar Protectors and Jaguar Transformers
Less clearly classifiable as deities are jaguar protectors (perhaps ancestors) and jaguar transformers. The Water Lily Jaguar (so called because of the water lily on its head) is both a giant jaguar protector, looming large above the king (e.g., Tikal wooden lintel 3, temple I), and a transformer often shown amidst flames.
Jaguar Baby
A specific and as yet unexplained transformation into a jaguar involves a male child with jaguar ears and a jaguar tail (the so-called Jaguar Baby) shown in a transformational somersault. This Jaguar Baby can assume the features of the Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire.
See also
Jaguars in Mesoamerican culture
Tezcatlipoca
Notes
References
Finamore, David, and Stephen Houston (eds.), The Fiery Pool. New Haven: Peabody Essex Museum in association with Yale U.P., 2010.
Mary Miller and Karl Taube, The Gods of Ancient Mexico and the Maya. Thames and Hudson.
David Stuart, 'The Fire Enters Their House': Architecture and Ritual in Classic Maya Texts', in Houston, Function and Meaning in Classic Maya Architecture (1998): 373-425.
Karl Taube, The Major Gods of Ancient Yucatan. Washington, D.C.: Dumbarton Oaks, 1992.
Maya deities
Keezhadi (also as Keeladi) excavation site is a Sangam age settlement that is being excavated by the Archaeological Survey of India and the Tamil Nadu State Department of Archaeology. This site is located 12 km southeast of Madurai in Tamil Nadu, near the town of Keezhadi in Sivagangai district. It comes under the Thiruppuvanam Taluk of Sivagangai district. This is a large-scale excavation carried out in Tamil Nadu after the Adichanallur archaeological site. The settlement lies on the bank of the Vaigai River and it reflects the ancient culture of Tamil people. Epigraphist V. Vedachalam, who served as a domain expert for the excavation, dated the excavated remains between 6th century BCE and 3rd century CE.
Location
The excavation was first started in Pallisanthai Thidal which is in the north of Manalur, about a kilometer east of the town of Keezhadi in Sivagangai district. Various archaeological residues were found when plowing the land around the site. A survey was conducted for the study, which found that this ancient settlement was less than two and a half meters below the ground level. The area currently being excavated is spread over 80 acres with a 3.5 km radius. The ancient towns of Kondagai and Manalur are also said to be associated with this region.
Dating of site
Initially, this site was estimated to be from the period between 5th century BCE and 3rd century CE. Two samples were sent for carbon dating from this excavation site for confirmation in 2017. The results that came in July 2017 confirmed that the samples were from about 2,200 years ago (3rd century BCE). Radiocarbon dating of samples obtained from the fourth phase of excavation revealed that one of the artifacts was from 6th century BCE. In 2017, the ASI sent two samples from Keezhadi to Beta Analytic, a Miami-based radiocarbon dating laboratory. The laboratory dated the samples to be about 2,300 – 2600 years old (from 3rd century BCE). In 2018, six carbon samples collected from the fourth phase of excavation were sent to Beta Analytic in the United States for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS) dating. It was found that one sample collected at a depth of 353 cm goes back to 580 BCE.
Background and status of study
An archaeological survey was first conducted in 2013, by Archaeological Survey of India, in the vicinity of the Vaigai river from Theni district to Ramanathapuram district where the river meets the sea. During the study, 293 sites, including Keezhadi, were identified to have archaeological residues. The first three phases of excavation at Keezhadi were conducted by the Archaeological Survey of India while the phases after that were conducted by the Tamil Nadu Archaeology Department.
Phases of Keezhadi excavation
First phase
In June 2015, an Archaeological Survey of India group led by Amarnath Ramakrishnan started the first phase of the excavation in the area near the Vaigai river in Keezhadi.
Second phase
The second phase began on 2 January 2016. Various documents, including medical jars, antique kitchen wells, and factory and government seals, were found. At the end of the second phase, more than six thousand artifacts were found. It was confirmed that these artifacts were 2,200 years old when they were tested by radiocarbon dating.
Third phase
The third phase of the excavation was conducted under the chairpersonship of Sri Ramanan of the Archaeological Survey of India from January 2017. The work ended on 30 September 2017. In the third phase, 16 digging sites were selected, taking up a total area of 400 square meters, which is 80 acres of land.
Fourth phase
The fourth phase of the excavation was conducted between 2017 and 2018, bringing out 5,820 artifacts. This phase was conducted by the Tamil Nadu Archaeology Department while the first three phases were conducted by the Archaeological Survey of India. Six carbon samples collected from the fourth phase of excavation at Keezhadi were sent to Beta Analytic, Miami, Florida, USA for Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS) dating; samples collected at a depth of 353 cm, were dated between 580 BCE and the 1st century CE. The graffiti marks on the artifacts obtained from the excavation site were said to be similar to the Indus Valley script by the excavators. Bisnupriya Basak questioned whether the sherds actually came from the same level that was dated to the 6th century BCE. Some of the marks might have been made during the pottery-making process. Archaeologist E. Harsha Vardhan commented that “we cannot state scientifically that the Tamil-Brahmi script belongs to the sixth century BC” on the basis of this report.
Fifth phase
In June 2019, the Tamil Nadu Archaeology Department began the fifth phase of the excavation led by Dr R Sivanantham. This phase was completed in four to five months in which 15 trenches was planned to be dug. In the 5th stage of excavation, Sangam-era bricks and more than 700 objects were found and these have been sent for testing. , the preliminary report of the fifth phase of excavations was nearing completion.
Sixth phase
Sixth phase of excavation along with simultaneous excavation in neighbouring villages (Manalur, Kondhagai, and Agaram) began on 19 February 2020.
Seventh phase
The seventh phase was launched on February 13 and began on February 19, 2021.
It came to an end on September 20, 2021.
Eight Phases
On February 11, 2022, the eighth phase of excavations began.
Findings
Almost 48 square pits have been cut and various structures and artifacts have been found, including frosts, brick walls, roof tiles, pottery, mimic accessories, skeletal tools, iron Vel, and Tamil-Brahmi letter-etched plates. This place is considered to be Pandyan dynasty's city called "Perumanalur", the pioneer of literature. The use of fired brick, the size of the building complex, an array of pots placed in such a way that it must have been used either as a lamp or for painting, and other findings suggest that the settlement is of a more civilized population than was previously suspected during the Sangam period.
Canals and sewage system
Water supply and wastewater are considered as important landmarks of civil development. At the bottom of the settlement, there are buildings with a sewage canal facility made of ceramic tubes.
Ring wells and brick walls
Ancient earthenware and ring wells have been found. Archaeologist Velappan said that this proves the ancient tradition of Tamils indicating that they used these wells in river shores and ponds for water. Brick buildings are considered rare in ancient times but a large number of brick buildings have been found.
Pottery
The rouletted, arretine-type ceramics brought by merchants demonstrate business connections with the Roman Empire. It is noteworthy that such products have been discovered. Furthermore, black and red parchment fragments and white-colored black, red papillae and reddish-pitted pieces have also been unearthed. There are Tamil words engraved on the potteries that mention the names of individuals like 'Aathan', 'Uthiran' and 'Thiesan'.
Tamil-Brahmi script and graffiti marks
In the fourth phase of excavations at Keezhadi, 72 potsherds with Tamil-Brahmi script were discovered at the site. Some of these artifacts have inscribed graffiti marks, similar to graffiti marks which some believe to have evolved from the Indus script. According to T. Udhayachandran, the artifacts found at Keezhadi excavation site may point to a link between the scripts of the Indus Valley civilization and Tamil-Brahmi. Based on these marks, and one Keezhadi findings of the fourth phase which was dated to 580 BCE, R. Sivanantham and M. Seran argue that the date of the earliest attestation of Tamil-Brahmi can be pushed back to the 6th century BCE, a few centuries older than Dhamma Lipi (Prakrit in the Brahmi Script) of Ashokan Edicts, which is stated to be dated from 268 BC to 232 BC. These claims have been challenged. It is not clear whether the potsherds containing inscriptions were found in the same archaeological layer as the 6th century samples, and University of Calcutta archaeologist Bishnupriya Basak said that "This unfortunately is not clear from the report and is very crucial," adding that the issues of "layer, period and absolute dates" needed clarity. Dravidian University archaeologist E. Harsha Vardhan said that a single report was not enough to "state scientifically that the Tamil-Brahmi script belongs to the sixth century BC”.
Ornaments and antiquities
Ornaments have been found including sponges, marble, agate beads, green, yellow and blue glass beads. The findings also include elephant tusks, copper ointment and sheets of wire. Rare artifacts including iron edged corners, gold ornaments,stylus, terracotta stamps, diaphragm tiles, firefly toys have been found as well, along with other tools.
Keeladi Cluster
Keeladi was initially chosen by Amarnath Ramakrishnan and their team at ASI in a search along the banks of Vaigai for the most promising site for a river bank civilization near Madurai and was chosen because of many nearby mounds.
Other sites near Keeladi was jointly brought together with Keeladi as the main site. The Keeladi Cluster includes, Keeladi, Agaram, Manalur, Konthagai (a burial site) and Pasiapuram.
Controversy
In 2017, some Tamil academicians, including V Arasu (the former head of the Department of Tamil Literature at the University of Madras), alleged that the Bharatiya Janata Party-led central government had made deliberate attempts to stall the excavations at Keezhadi. Arasu claimed that the BJP government had a Hindutva agenda, and wanted to stop the Keezhadi project because the excavations at the site provided an "undeniable evidence of a secular culture in South India".
The ASI normally conducts excavations at a major archaeological site for five seasons (years). In 2016–17, after the conclusion of the second season at Keezhadi, the ASI transferred the Superintending Archaeologist (SA) K. Amarnath Ramakrishna to its Guwahati circle. This caused a controversy in Tamil Nadu, leading to allegations that the ASI had deliberately transferred the SA to stall the project. K. Amarnath Ramakrishna stated that they wanted to complete the excavation work at Keezhadi, and challenged their transfer order before the Central Administrative Tribunal.
The ASI clarified that the transfer was ordered in accordance with the organization's policy, which mandates that the maximum tenure of an SA in a particular circle is only for two years. K Amarnath Ramakrishna had completed more than three years at the Excavation Branch VI, located in Bengaluru, under which the Keezhadi site has been excavated. So, the ASI decided to replace them with P S Sriraman, who had earlier served as a Deputy SA in the Jodhpur circle. K Amarnath Ramakrishna was not the only officer to be transferred; 26 other officers had been transferred all over India. Moreover, the newly appointed SA P S Sriraman was a native of Tamil Nadu.
The Union Ministry also clarified that it had no intention to stop or delay the excavations at Keezhadi. It also explained that there was a delay in allocation of funds for the third season of excavation, because the ministry had not received the report for the work done in the past two years on time. Once the report was submitted, the ministry immediately cleared the funds for the third season of excavations at Keezhadi. The reports of the first two years of research will be released as a book.
Gallery
The following photographs were taken at the excavation site on 11 October 2016.
See also
Arikamedu
Adichanallur archaeological site
Kodumanal
References
External links
A dead city beneath a living village
Sivaganga district
Archaeological sites in Tamil Nadu
Ancient Tamil Nadu
Prehistoric India
Tamil history
Archaeological cultures in India
Sangam period
KATC (channel 3) is a television station in Lafayette, Louisiana, United States, affiliated with ABC and The CW Plus. Owned by the E. W. Scripps Company, the station has studios on Eraste Landry Road in Lafayette, and its transmitter is located near Branch, Louisiana.
History
The station began operations on September 19, 1962, and was locally owned by Acadian Television Company. Conventional wisdom suggested it should have signed on as an NBC affiliate, but instead it took the ABC affiliation full-time. Previously, ABC had been limited to off-hours clearances on CBS affiliate KLFY-TV (channel 10). This was a very unusual move for a then two-station market, especially one of Lafayette's size. Usually, ABC, as the smallest and weakest network, was relegated to secondary status on one or both of the existing stations. However, most of the region could view the full NBC schedule on Lake Charles' KPLC-TV and Baton Rouge's WBRZ-TV (the latter now a fellow ABC affiliate), both of which provided at least grade B coverage to much of the market. In contrast, no ABC affiliate even put a grade B signal into the area. Acadian Television apparently figured that if it linked up with ABC, it would not get much local competition.
KATC coined the term "Acadiana" in the early 1960s and popularized it throughout south Louisiana. In early 1963, the ABC affiliate received an invoice erroneously addressed to the Acadiana Television Corp.; someone had typed an extra "a" at the end of the word "Acadian." The station started using it to describe the region covered by its broadcast signal.
Acadian Television sold the station to Loyola University New Orleans in 1982, making it a sister station to New Orleans' CBS affiliate, WWL-TV. In the late 1980s, Loyola divested their broadcast properties, with WWL-TV going to a group of station employees (Rampart Operating Partnership) in 1990 and KATC going to investment firm Merrill Lynch in 1986. In 1993, the station joined other ABC affiliates, including WBRZ in not airing the pilot to NYPD Blue. In 1995, The Evening Post Publishing Company purchased the station through its subsidiary Cordillera Communications. In 2003, the station started broadcasting in stereo.
KATC continued to use its transmitter for its analog signal located south of Crowley, Louisiana until the mandated digital date of June 12, 2009. KATC is also an alternate ABC affiliate for Lake Charles and Southwest Louisiana. That area did not have an ABC affiliate of its own until August 31, 2017, when Fox affiliate KVHP launched an ABC-affiliated subchannel on DT2. KATC, due to its strong signal can also be seen in most of the Baton Rouge region.
Cordillera announced on October 29, 2018 it would sell most of its stations, including KATC, to the E. W. Scripps Company. The sale was completed on May 1, 2019. Upon completion of the sale, KATC became Scripps' first station in the state of Louisiana.
Newscasts
The station produces local news and talk programming, with such shows as Good Morning Acadiana, Friday Night Football and "hard-news" newscasts that air weekdays at 5, 6, and 10 p.m., Saturdays at 6 and 10 p.m., and on Sundays at 5:30 and 10 p.m. On April 16, 2012, KATC began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition. The station also debuted a brand-new logo, graphics package and new set and redesigned newsroom.
Historically, KATC was a very distant runner-up to KLFY. Although its various owners have always poured significant resources into its news department, KATC was hamstrung by KLFY's seven-year head start. In the 2000s, KATC began to achieve traction in the ratings against KLFY by recruiting talent from KLFY's news staff. In turn, KLFY was undergoing numerous ownership and programming changes, largely jettisoning the Eyewitness News format it had used during much of its history.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Prior to June 14, 2010, KLWB (channel 50) was Lafayette's CW affiliate. It had since moved to KATC 3.2. Grit was added by former owner Cordillera on June 28, 2016. Court TV and Bounce were added after Scripps purchased KATC. Court TV on its initial launch May 8, 2019 and Bounce March 5, 2021 (which gives every TV market in Louisiana the network).
Analog-to-digital conversion
KATC shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 3, on June 12, 2009, the official date in which full-power television stations in the United States transitioned from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate. The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 28. Through the use of PSIP, digital television receivers display the station's virtual channel as its former VHF analog channel 3.
References
External links
ABC network affiliates
Grit (TV network) affiliates
Court TV affiliates
Bounce TV affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1962
ATC (TV)
Acadia Parish, Louisiana
1962 establishments in Louisiana
E. W. Scripps Company television stations
Baron Béla Orczy de Orczi (16 January 1822 – 7 February 1917) was a Hungarian politician and freedom fighter, who served as Interior Minister between 1887 and 1889. They were also Minister of Home Defence for several months in 1884. They took part in the Hungarian Revolution of 1848, they fought against the rebelling Serbs in the area of Délvidék. They were the de facto Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1879 and 1890. Their paternal grandfather was the poet .
References
Életrajza a Magyar Életrajzi Lexikonban (Hungarian)
Életrajza a Magyar Országgyűlési Almanach 1906-1911-ben (Hungarian)
Életrajza a Magyar Országgyűlési Almanach 1887-ben (Hungarian)
1822 births
1917 deaths
People from Pest, Hungary
Hungarian soldiers
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Defence ministers of Hungary
Foreign ministers of Hungary
Public Works and Transport ministers of Hungary
Judges royal
Bela
Knights Commander of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Air France Flight 343 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Paris, France, to Abidjan, Ivory Coast, with scheduled stopovers at Dakar, Senegal and Monrovia, Liberia. The aircraft crashed into the Atlantic Ocean around 06:50 on 29 August 1960 while attempting to land at Yoff Airport, Dakar. All 55 passengers and 8 crew were killed.
Aircraft and flight
Air France Flight 343 was a scheduled passenger service from Paris, France, to Abidjan, Ivory Coast. It made scheduled stopovers at Dakar, Senegal and Monrovia, Liberia. On the day of the incident the aircraft flying the route was a Lockheed 1049G Super Constellation with registration F-BHBC. This aircraft had first flown in 1955 and had recorded 16,417 flight hours.
Incident
The aircraft approached Yoff Airport, Dakar, in low overcast conditions just before sunrise on 29 August 1960. There was 7/8ths cloud cover at a height of and visibility was rapidly changeable. There were rain squalls and thunderstorms.
The pilot attempted to land the aircraft on runway 01 but aborted this attempt. The pilot was offered an instrument landing system landing on runway 30 but declined and entered a holding pattern, hoping that weather conditions improved. Shortly after 06:41 the pilot started a second landing approach on runway 01. The landing was aborted at 06:47 and the aircraft overflew the airport. The pilot made a report to air traffic control, giving their height as . Shortly afterwards the aircraft entered a rain squall.
The aircraft crashed into the Atlantic Ocean at a point around offshore and from Les Mamelles Lighthouse. It struck the water at a steep angle and probably while banking to the right. All 55 passengers and 8 crew on board were killed, including the French West African poet David Diop.
Investigation and aftermath
The aircraft crashed in water deep. A salvage attempt was made and, although most of the bodies were recovered, only 20 per cent of the wreckage was brought back to shore. The Bureau of Enquiry and Analysis for Civil Aviation Safety investigated but could not determine the cause of the crash. It proposed a number of possibilities: a structural failure or loss of control caused by turbulence; a sensory illusion; distraction of the flight crew, possibly by a lightning strike; failure of an airspeed indicator or altimeter or faulty reading thereof.
A number of cases were brought against Air France for compensation under the Warsaw Convention by the families of the victims, including by Diop's widow. The Diop case was decided in 1964 at the Tribunal de grande instance de Seine, it was appealed to the Court of Appeal of Paris. The decision was made to award the basic level of compensation but not that Air France was particularly negligent. The court found the pilot, who had been earlier punished by Air France for recklessness, had continued to land without use of instruments in bad weather, amounting to wilful misconduct.
References
External links
Final report on the investigation into the crash, published in the Journal Officiel on 10 September 1963
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1960
Aviation accidents and incidents in Senegal
Accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed Constellation
1960 in Senegal
Air France accidents and incidents
Airliner accidents and incidents with an unknown cause
Sinduri is a small village near by 10 km from Neelkanth Mahadev Temple in Pauri Garhwal district in Uttarakhand. This village is also known as Sundar Nagar. Mainly there live 4 different castes of people Bhatt, Belwal, Juglan and Barthwal. Due to lack of road connectivity and drinking water problems, most of the villagers have now moved to cities.
Villages in Pauri Garhwal district
The Kasado class is a class of coastal minesweepers of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Development
During the Pacific War, a large number of mines were laid in the waters near Japan by both Japan and the United States, which greatly hindered shipping including coastal areas at the end of the war, so the need to deal with this was urgent. It was a thing. For this reason, the scavenging force was maintained even while the Imperial Japanese Navy was dismantled after the surrender of Japan, and was taken over by the 2nd Ministry of Demobilization on December 1, 1945. After that, minesweepers were absorbed by the Japan Coast Guard, which was established on August 1, 1952, and transferred to the Coastal Security Force.
Immediately after its inauguration, the guards have been aiming for domestic production of minesweepers. First, in 1953, the Atada-class minesweeper and JDS Yashiro were built with the characteristics of an actual ship experiment. Based on its achievements, this model was designed as the first mass-produced minesweeper after the war. In designing, it was aimed to have the same performance as the US Navy's Bluebird-class minesweeper (operated as a Yamashima-class minesweeper with the donation of four from 1954).
Ships in the class
Citations
Ships built in Japan
Minesweepers of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
The Colt New Police is a double-action, six-shot revolver (which can also be fired single action). This gun was chambered in the .32 New Police, which is dimensionally identical to a flat-nose version of the .32 S&W Long, except for the nose shape. In addition to the .32 New Police cartridge, the revolver was available in 32 Colt. The diameters of the two cartridges are not the same, with the 32 Colt being approximately 0.020 inches smaller in diameter than the New Police. Although the 32 Colt can be loaded and fired in the New Police chamber, it is not recommended to do so. It is impossible to load the .32 New Police in a 32 Colt chamber. The later .32 New Police chambering was more popular than the 32 Colt chambering.
The Colt New Police was manufactured from 1896 to 1907 by Colt's Manufacturing Company of Hartford, Connecticut. The sights on the revolver were fixed with a round blade in front and a grooved rear sight. The revolver was available with a -inch, four-inch, or six-inch barrel in a blued or nickel finish and hard rubber grips. The Colt New Police was selected by New York City (NYPD) Police Commissioner Theodore Roosevelt in 1896 to be the first standard-issue revolver for NYPD officers.
A target version was made until 1905 with a 6-inch barrel and adjustable sights.
The New Police Revolver was replaced in the Colt catalog in 1907 by the improved Colt Police Positive, which featured an internal hammer block safety and better lock work.
References
External links
Colt revolvers
Police weapons
Stan Puls (January 26, 1916 – April 20, 1998) was an American double-bassist.
Puls started on piano at age 11 but switched to bass soon after. At the age of 19 they won a national competition; this allowed them to study with Vaclav Jiskra, who was then the first bassist of the Chicago Civic Symphony. Puls played in this orchestra from 1936 to 1941, while also working in jazz bands, including those of Roy Eldridge, Jack Teagarden and Benny Carter.
They moved to Los Angeles in 1941, where they played with Benny Strong and Spade Cooley as well as being part of the Burbank Symphony Orchestra. In the 1950s they played with Bill Baker and Jack Teagarden; their tenure with Teagarden lasted from 1958 to 1963 and includes many of Teagarden's recordings on Capitol Records and all their releases on Roulette Records. Puls freelanced after leaving Teagarden, and died at age 82 in 1998.
Discography
With Jack Teagarden
Mis'ry and the Blues (Verve, 1961)
References
Bruce Eder, [ Stan Puls] at Allmusic
1916 births
1998 deaths
American double-bassists
Male double-bassists
20th-century American musicians
20th-century double-bassists
20th-century American male musicians
Găina River may refer to the following rivers in Romania:
Găina, a tributary of the Cârlibaba in Suceava County
Găina, a tributary of the Priboiasa in Vâlcea County
See also
Gaina (disambiguation)
Stroudley is a sans-serif typeface, created in 1996 by Dalton Maag as commissioned by Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation (KCRC), a transit operator in Hong Kong, for use on the corporate identity of its railway system; the version used by the rail company was named Casey.
History
Casey was introduced in 1996 by the KCRC. It is a condensed humanist sans-serif akin to wider Frutiger or Myriad (letters), and the name Casey comes from KC, the first 2 letters of KCRC.
Dalton Maag later amended Casey and release it as a commercial font named "Stroudley". Stroudley then served as a template for the Barlow typeface made for the signage at London St Pancras International station.
Usage
Casey was commissioned by KCRC for the use of its corporate identity on its railway system. Its first usage was on the KCRC logo, which was revised in 1996. When the Metro Cammell EMU of the KCR East Rail (now East Rail line) was modernised, their fleet number was clearly posted in Casey. The same practice was done when the new SP1900 trains came into service.
When the KCR West Rail (now West Rail line) started operation, its usage expanded to all signage and station nameboards in the WR stations, and even became the font used in the leaflets and brochures distributed by the Corporation.
While most of the ex-KCR signage has been replaced to match MTR style (using the typeface Myriad) following the railway merger, Casey is still visible on certain signage today.
In 2019, the font began its usage in the public transport system of Singapore, first introduced during the opening of Canberra MRT station and Thomson-East Coast MRT Line, replacing the previous font, Ocean Sans.
Footnotes and references
See also
Humanist sans-serif
Link
Dalton Maag
Corporate typefaces
Sans-serif typefaces
Kowloon-Canton Railway Corporation
Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1996
Portrait of Yevgeny Mravinsky is a painting by Russian portrait artist Lev Russov (1926–1987), whose work depicts the famous Russian and Soviet musician Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Mravinsky (1903—1988), principal conductor of the Leningrad Philharmonic Orchestra in 1938–1988 years.
History
The portrait was painted in Leningrad in 1957. Evgeny Mravinsky is shown at home, sitting in an armchair in a quiet position, immersed in thought. Their appearance, details of clothing and interior design and hand positions convey them at the time of creation. The instruments of their profession are pushed into the background. Before us is primarily a contemporary, intellectual, man of an independent character, will and developed self-esteem. It is these qualities that Yevgeny Mravinsky wanted to convey onto Russov in this work. This helped not only their profession, but also their long-term friendly relationship linking the two artists. In the same year of 1957, the portrait had been exhibited for the first time at the Leningrad artists show in the Russian State Museum .
The portrait won a special place in the vast iconography of Yevgeny Mravinsky. The Musician portrayed appears in the prime of their life and full of creative forces. In 2007 the «Portrait of Yevgeny Mravinsky» had been commented on and reproduced in the book «Unknown Socialist Realism. The Leningrad School» among 350 selected works by artists of the Leningrad School.
See also
Portrait of Catherine Balebina
Artist Lev A. Russov (1926—1987)
Leningrad School of Painting
References
Bibliography
1917 - 1957. Exhibition of works by Leningrad artists. Catalogue. - Leningrad: Khudozhnik RSFSR, 1958. - P. 28.
Directory of Members of the Union of Artists of USSR. Volume 2.- Moscow: Soviet artist, 1979. - P. 290.
Directory of members of the Leningrad branch of Union of Artists of Russian Federation. - Leningrad: Khudozhnik RSFSR, 1980. - p. 103.
Gregor Tassie. Yevgeny Mravinsky: The Noble Conductor. The Scarecrow Press, 2005.
Иванов С. О ранних портретах Льва Русова // Петербургские искусствоведческие тетради. Выпуск 23. СПб., 2012. С.7-15.
External links
Sergei V. Ivanov. Mysteries of early portraits of Lev Russov. (Rus)
1957 paintings
20th-century portraits
Paintings by Lev Russov
Portraits by Russian artists
Oerstediidae is a family of worms belonging to the order Monostilifera.
Genera:
Friedrichia Kirsteuer, 1965
Oerstedia Quatrefages, 1846
Typhloerstedia Chernyshev, 1999
References
Monostilifera
Nemertea families
The Athenian Society was an organization founded by John Dunton in 1691 to facilitate the writing and publication of their weekly periodical The Athenian Mercury. Though represented as a large panel of experts, the society reached its peak at four members: Dunton, Dr. John Norris, Richard Sault and Dunton's brother-in-law, Rev. Samuel Wesley. The group would answer the questions of readers about any topic, creating the first advice column. In 1693, for four weeks, The Athenian Society published also The Ladies' Mercury, the first periodical published that was specifically designed just for women.
History
In 1691, John Dunton founded The Athenian Society (not to be confused with several other "Athenian Societies") in order to publish a journal. This group was originally composed of a small number of friends: John Dunton and mathematics teacher Richard Sault, then philosopher Dr. John Norris (though they declined to be part of the Society in writing and associated to profits), quickly joined by Dunton's brother-in-law the poet Rev. Samuel Wesley (according to Dunton, it would eventually grow to 12 members; there is no evidence of such additional members, though). Its name, and all its subsequent related "Athenian" names, derived from a biblical reference to St. Paul in Athens: "For all the Athenians and strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell, or to hear some new thing." (Acts 17:21 KJV)
The Society was established in order to write and publish The Athenian Gazette, become The Athenian Mercury with its second issue due to a legal threat, a journal sold one penny twice weekly, then four times a week. It professed to answer in print all questions received from anonymous readers on "divinity, history, philosophy, mathematics, love, poetry", and things in general; the answers (and sometimes the questions) were written anonymously by "a Member of the Athenian Society" (one of the four friends).
The new journal received a tremendous response and generated several imitations. On 14 February 1692 a young Jonathan Swift sent them a letter of appreciation along with an "Ode to the Athenian Society", their first published work. Concurrently to the periodical, issues of the journal were bound in calf leather and sold as The Athenian Gazette, collecting a whole volume for 2.5 shilling (about one month after the last issue collected was released), a more permanent form with indexes preferred by learned customers and distinguished women; this is why the journal is often referenced to by its original Athenian Gazette name rather than the Athenian Mercury issues.
Demise of the Society
In 1695, a glut of new titles led to the journal temporarily pausing in early 1696; in 1697, the death of Dunton's wife and the departure of Wesley after they received a promotion, led to a brief and aborted revival of the journal. It had run for 580 issues across nineteen volumes and a third: from 17 March 1691 to 8 February 1696 (19 full volumes of thirty issues, with a temporary closure between July and September 1692), then from May to 14 June 1697 (ten issues).
In 1703, Dunton sold the Athenian Mercury to publisher Andrew Bell, who collected selected and abridged parts in larger volumes called The Athenian Oracle, 3 volumes in 1703–1704, with multiple reprints. Dunton would go on to project compiling three more volumes (without serialization), releasing only the 4th in 1710. All four volumes were reprinted in 1728.
References
Notes
Major sources
Berry, Helen M., Gender, society, and print culture in late Stuart England / The Cultural World of the Athenian Mercury, Ashgate Publishing, Ltd., 2003,
Dunton, John & National Art Library (Great Britain) et al., The life and errors of John Dunton, citizen of London, J. Nichols, son, and Bentley, 1818
Gudelunas, David, Confidential to America: newspaper advice columns and sexual education, Aldine Transaction, 2007,
Locher, Miriam A., Advice online: advice-giving in an American Internet health column, John Benjamins Publishing Company, 2006,
Defunct learned societies of the United Kingdom
1691 establishments in England
Organizations established in 1691
fr:The Athenian Mercury
Casa Rosita Serrallés (Spanish for Rosita Serrallés Residence) is a historic building in the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico, located between the former Escuela Libre de Música Juan Morel Campos and the Museo de la Historia de Ponce, and immediately behind Teatro La Perla, on Calle Salud street. It was built for one of the heirs of Juan Eugenio Serrallés Perez, son of business person Juan Serrallés Colón, founder of Destilería Serrallés, and themselves the CEO of the company that founded Ron Don Q. The building was purchased by the government of the Autonomous Municipality of Ponce in 2008 for its architectural, historic, and cultural value. As of February 2012, the building was being restored to convert it into an annex of the Museo de la Historia de Ponce to depict the 1985 Mameyes tragedy of barrio Portugues Urbano in Ponce. In 2014 it opened as "Museo de la Recordacion Barrio Mameyes" (Barrio Mameyes Memorial Museum) under Ponce mayor María Meléndez at Calle Salud 67. It is also known as "Sala Memorial del Barrio Mameyes" as it operates as a part of the Museo de la Historia de Ponce.
History
In 1979 the house became the home of Rosita Serrallés Sánchez and their husband Guillermo Torruella Fornaris. Rosita and Guillermo had been living at the more spacious hilltop Castillo Serrallés mansion until Guillermo fell ill in 1979. Rosita Serrallés Sánchez was the daughter of Juan Eugenio Serrallés and Rosa María Sánchez, the couple that ordered the building of the spacious Castillo Serralles on the El Vigia Hill in Ponce. Upon Juan Eugenio and Rosa Maria's death, Rosita and Guillermo came to occupy the big hilltop mansion.
In 2008, the municipality of Ponce purchased the house from Rosa María ("Rosita") Torruella Serrallés, and their two brothers, Alberto J. Torruella Serrallés and Guillermo J. Torruella Serrallés. It was purchased for $364,807, under the administration of mayor Francisco Zayas Seijo. In 2014 it opened as "Museo de la Recordacion Barrio Mameyes" under Ponce mayor María Meléndez at Calle Salud 67. It is also known as "Sala Memorial del Barrio Mameyes" as it operates as a part of the Museo de la Historia de Ponce.
Location
The house is located on the west side of Salud Street between Cristina and Isabel Streets, next to the Juan Morel Campos Music Institute, in the Ponce Historic Zone. The location of the house, together with its historic significance, courtyard, and architectural details, make it unique among other Puerto Rican homes. The structure is located on the same block as the historic Teatro La Perla and the Ponce History Museum. With the acquisition of this property by the city, the municipal government has termed the block within the Mayor, Cristina, Salud, and Isabel streets, the Plaza de la Cultura de Ponce (Plaza of Ponce Culture).
Significance
Casa Rosita Serrallés was built as the exclusive residence of the heirs of Don Eugenio Serrallés, a leader in the sugar cane industry during the early part of the 20th century. The building is significant from the architectural, historical, and cultural perspectives.
Architecturally, the building represents an example of Spanish Colonial Revival architecture, a style first introduced in Puerto Rico by the architect Pedro Adolfo de Castro.
Historically, the building is a reminder of the cultural and economic changes that southern Puerto Rico experienced in the 1920s. "Ponce's dependence on the sugar cane industry at the close of the nineteenth century, created an atmosphere of development from which evolved a series of intrinsic cultural characteristics and afforded great wealth to many families involved in the industry. The wealthy families generally chose Europe as the model for the direction that cultural endeavors would take."
Culturally, the building is important because it was the downtown residence of one of the wealthiest families in 19th-century Puerto Rico, and one that so much influenced its economy. The original hill-top residence of the family was Castillo Serralles, today a historic structure listed in the NRHP. The Casa Rosita Serralles structure was acquired by the city of Ponce "to increase its cultural holdings." The Institute of Puerto Rican Culture is expected to aid in the restoration of the residence.
Physical characteristics
The house is a single floor building. Access to the main entrance of the house is from the front Calle Salud street. The building has a short front facade but its east-to-west axis is articulated as a relatively long structure. It was built in 1926 by local architect Alfredo Wiechers Pieretti. It includes a large back courtyard.
The building was constructed entirely of concrete. The residence was designed in a style popular in the 1910s for representing Spanish Mediterranean influence. Prominent throughout the building is the use of red roof tiles. This accent is also present on all other rooftops. The exterior of the buildings is finished in stucco.
Intended Use
As of February 2012, the building was being restored to convert it into an annex of the Museo de la Historia de Ponce which is to depict the 1985 Mameyes tragedy of barrio Portugues Urbano in Ponce.
See also
Juan Serrallés
Destilería Serrallés
Castillo Serrallés
References
External links
Historic house museums in Puerto Rico
Spanish Colonial Revival architecture in Puerto Rico
Houses completed in 1926
History of sugar
Museums in Ponce, Puerto Rico
2008 in Puerto Rico
1926 establishments in Puerto Rico
John Sanford (January 18, 1851 – September 26, 1939) was an American business person, a prominent owner/breeder of thoroughbred racehorses, and a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York's 20th congressional district.
Early life
John Sanford, a son of Sarah Jane Cochrane and Stephen Sanford and the grandson of John Sanford was born on January 18, 1851 in Amsterdam, New York and died on September 26, 1939 in Saratoga, New York. They were a descendant of Gov. Thomas Welles, the Fourth Colonial Governor of Connecticut and the transcriber of the Fundamental Orders.
They attended Amsterdam Academy, and the Poughkeepsie Military Institute. They were educated at Yale College, earning a degree in 1872.
Career
They engaged with their father in the carpet manufacturing industry in Amsterdam, New York.
Sanford was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Congresses (March 4, 1889 – March 3, 1893). They were not a candidate for renomination in 1892 and resumed their former business pursuits. They served as delegate to the 1892 Republican National Convention. They were a presidential elector in the 1896 presidential election.
Thoroughbred horse racing
On the death of their father Stephen in 1913, John Sanford inherited Hurricana Stock Farm. Their father had been successful in racing and John Sanford would become a major figure in the industry. They raced a number of top horses and in 1916 won the Kentucky Derby with their colt, George Smith. In 1923 they became the first American to win the most prestigious steeplechase race in the world when their horse Sergeant Murphy won the English Grand National. In 1923, Sanford won the American Grand National with Best Play.
John Sanford was member of the New York Racing Commission and the Sanford Stakes, run annually at Saratoga Race Course, is named in their family's honor.
In 1927, John Sanford changed the Hurricana Stock Farm name to Sanford Stud Farms. A major breeder, Sanford imported several important stallions from Europe where they owned Haras de Cheffreville in Cheffreville-Tonnencourt, France.
Personal life
They married at Sanford, Florida, February 17, 1892, Ethel Sanford, born on September 2, 1873 at Brussels, Belgium and died on November 13, 1924 in New York City. They were a daughter of Hon. Henry Shelton Sanford and Gertrude Ellen Dupuy. Henry Shelton Sanford was the accomplished diplomat and successful business person and founder of the city of Sanford, Florida.
John and Ethel were the parents of the following three children:
Stephen "Laddie" Sanford, born in Amsterdam, New York, September 15, 1899 was an American professional polo player and director of the Bigelow-Sanford Carpet Company whose wife was American actor, Mary Duncan. They were one of the several men who had an affair with Lady Edwina Mountbatten.
Sara Jane Sanford, born in Amsterdam, New York, November 8, 1900. They married Italian diplomat, Mario Pansa in 1937.
Gertrude Sanford Legendre, was born in Aiken, South Carolina, March 21, 1902, and was an American socialite who served as a spy during World War II. They were also a noted explorer, big-game hunter, environmentalist, and owner of Medway plantation in South Carolina. They were inspiration for Philip Barry's 1929 play "Holiday", made into a classic movie starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant.
Death
They died in Saratoga, New York in 1939 and was interred in the family plot in the Green Hill Cemetery in Amsterdam, New York. Their once renowned breeding farm and training facility in Amsterdam has fallen into severe decay. In 2007, the "Friends of Sanford Stud Farm" was formed by a former Sanford jockey Louis F. Hildebrandt in an attempt to raise the funds necessary to restore the property.
References
Sources
1851 births
1939 deaths
Yale College alumni
American manufacturing businesspeople
American racehorse owners and breeders
French racehorse owners and breeders
John
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
1896 United States presidential electors
DriveOhio is an initiative within the Ohio Department of Transportation that aims to organize and accelerate smart vehicle and connected vehicle projects in the State of Ohio. It offers to be the single point of contact for policymakers, agencies, researchers, and private companies to collaborate with one another on smart transportation efforts around the state.
Mission
DriveOhio's mission is to serve as Ohio's central hub for "smart mobility", which it defines as the use of technology to move people and goods from one place to another as effectively as possible. In principle this includes all modes of transportation, including autonomous vehicles, drones, and ride sharing services. However, the initial focus of DriveOhio is to enable cars to connect with and communicate with highway infrastructure, through a fiber optic road network. Specific mission items for the center are established in Ohio Executive Order 2018-01K, which refers to DriveOhio as "the statewide center for smart mobility":
Establish communication between the agencies building Ohio's infrastructure and the organizations which are developing mobility technology.
Serve as the point of contact for mobility technology organizations that want to innovate in Ohio.
Help Ohio's government to plan for the future of transportation technology. This includes the development of policies, goals, recommendations, and operating standards.
Help to locate financing for new technology.
Work with other state agencies to help Ohio workers transition toward future transportation jobs.
History
DriveOhio was formed through an executive order by Ohio Governor John Kasich on January 18, 2018. The desire to attract investments and jobs in Ohio was a motivator for creating the program. Jim Barna, formerly the Chief Engineer for ODOT, was made Executive Director of the new organization.
Besides establishing DriveOhio, the executive order also mandates that all state vehicles be equipped with on-board communication devices by 2023.
Less than a month after formation, on February 8, 2018, DriveOhio held its first Smart Mobility Summit as a public/private exchange of ideas.
On May 9, 2018, Executive Order 2018-04K was signed, which authorizes autonomous vehicles to begin testing in Ohio. Participating companies and municipalities are required to coordinate through DriveOhio.
On July 9, 2018, the Transportation Research Center, an automotive proving ground near East Liberty, broke ground on a new facility for testing autonomous and connected vehicles called the SMARTCenter. This center will offer a variety of test scenarios for evaluating autonomous vehicles, and will be equipped with the wireless sensors used by connected vehicles.
Structure
The Executive Director is appointed by and reports to the current Director of ODOT, and may staff the organization as necessary. There are also two all-volunteer boards, the DriveOhio Government Advisory Board and the DriveOhio Expert Advisory Board. The Government Board represents local government, and the Expert Board represents particular industries. The chairs of both boards are selected by the ODOT Director, and all other members are chosen by the Governor, with no set limit on the size of each board.
DriveOhio also absorbed ODOT's UAS Center division, formerly the Ohio/Indiana UAS Center. The DriveOhio UAS Center is headed by Director Fred Judson and is headquartered at the Springfield–Beckley Municipal Airport in Springfield, Ohio. Its mission is to safely study and apply unmanned aerial systems (UAS) technology in the State of Ohio.
Projects
The agencies which participate in DriveOhio oversee a variety of transportation-related projects.
U.S. 33 Smart Mobility Corridor. A 35-mile section of U.S. 33 will be furnished with fiber-optic cable and dedicated short-range communication (DSRC) units, placed every 600 meters.
Connected Marysville. The City of Marysville and ODOT will be equipping some of their vehicles, along with the vehicles of volunteers, with onboard units to communicate with the highway DSRCs. Honda, which operates the Marysville Auto Plant, will also be providing onboard units for the vehicles of local employees. These joint efforts are expected to result in 10% of all Marysville traffic being able to actively communicate with the highway infrastructure. The vehicle data will initially be used in conjunction with smart traffic signals to try to improve traffic flow and safety. It is also claimed to eventually provide guidance to snow and ice cleanup crews.
I-670 SmartLane. A nine-mile section of I-670 will be turned into the state's first "smart lane", in which the highway shoulder can be enabled as an extra lane on demand. Construction began on June 27, 2018.
Smart Columbus. The City of Columbus received $50 million in grants to build a smart transportation system. The initiative has many ongoing projects and is seeking additional funding. The city offers a "Smart Columbus Experience Center" to the public.
I-90 Lake Effect Corridor. A 60-mile section of Interstate 90, located in the far northeast "Snow Belt" corner of the state, will have DSRC units installed along its length. Wireless units will also be installed on public service vehicles to test the communication system. This area was chosen as a pilot because of its dangerous lake-effect snow conditions. I-90 is part of the "Smart Belt Coalition" between Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania.
Ohio Turnpike. Similar to the I-90 project, the Ohio Turnpike will also receive DSRC units, along with units in a set of test vehicles.
Ground-Based Detect and Avoid Drone Pilot. The UAS Center is partnering with the Air Force Research Laboratory in a test program to fly UAS aircraft in the National Airspace System (NAS) beyond visual line of sight. This requires the development of an unmanned traffic management (UTM) system to track commercial flights, drones, and low-altitude passenger craft. Another facet of the project is provided air-based traffic monitoring on the 33 Smart Mobility Corridor.
Possible future projects include an I-75 smart corridor that extends up into Michigan.
References
Transportation in Ohio
Intelligent transportation systems
Traffic management
Unmanned ground vehicles
Ready Set Roll is an EP by American country music artist Chase Rice. It was released on October 15, 2013 via Dack Janiels Records.
Critical reception
Matt Bjorke of Roughstock rated the EP 4 out of 5 stars, saying that it is "a strong collection of songs that showcases an artist who is very much of the moment with quite a few of these songs but they also prove that they are more than just the ‘ditties' that cover trucks, parties and moonlight rides." Giving it 2.5 out of 5, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic wrote that "he's such a bro next door that they don't cut an impression, not even with songs that purposefully hit all the marks."
Track listing
Personnel
Nick Buda – drums
Scott Cooke – bass guitar, drum loop, electric guitar, programming, synthesizer
Chris DeStefano – bass guitar, drums, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, pedal steel guitar, programming
Colt Ford – vocals on "Party Up"
Shannon Forrest – drums
Wes Hightower – background vocals
Charlie Judge – Hammond B-3 organ, piano, strings, synthesizer
Rob McNelley – electric guitar
Russ Pahl – pedal steel guitar
Chase Rice – lead vocals
Darren Savard – acoustic guitar, electric guitar
Ilya Toshinsky – banjo, 12-string guitar, acoustic guitar, baritone guitar, electric guitar, mandolin, slide guitar
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2013 EPs
Chase Rice EPs
Oakbank may refer to:
Places
Oakbank, Manitoba, Canada
Oakbank, Mull, a place on the Isle of Mull, Argyll and Bute, Scotland
Oakbank, Perth, Perth and Kinross, Scotland
Oakbank, West Lothian, a location in Scotland
Oakbank, South Australia, Australia
Other uses
Oakbank Easter Racing Carnival, held in Oakbank, South Australia
See also
Oakbank School (disambiguation)
Muhammad Umar Bahah is a Yemeni writer and journalist. Originally from South Yemen, they wrote for several newspapers and was press secretary of Ali Nasir Muhammad, two-time president of South Yemen. Bahah's work has been translated into English and Italian and was included in the anthologies Oranges in the Sun (2006) and Perle dello Yemen (2009).
References
Yemeni writers
Yemeni journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lai Changxing (born September 15, 1958) is a former Chinese business person and entrepreneur. They were the founder and Chairman of Yuanhua Group, based in the Special Economic Zone of Xiamen. They imported foreign products like cars, cigarettes and was responsible for one-sixth of the national oil imports at one time. In the late 1990s, they were implicated in corruption scandals involving a large smuggling ring. By 1999, they were described by several media organizations as "China's most wanted fugitive".
Lai evaded Chinese authorities and went to Canada, where they resided in Vancouver, British Columbia. After a lengthy extradition battle and diplomatic negotiations, Canadian authorities deported them to China on July 22, 2011, upon promises that they would not be executed. They were sentenced to life imprisonment in 2012.
Names
Despite their massive empire of wealth, Lai often smuggled goods into China and broke numerous trade laws. They have also been referred as "the one who destroys lives" and "the corrupted smuggler".
Early years
Lai was the eldest child born to Lai Yongdeng and Wang Zhuzhi in Jinjiang, Fujian province in 1958, the year the Great Leap Forward began. They were the first of eight children. They grew up in Shaocuo village (). They would have starved to death during the Great China famine but luckily in Jinjiang and the rest of south-eastern Fujian the situation was greatly milder due to massive overseas Chinese donations and better leadership (unlike Tingzhou where about 100,000 Hakkas starved to death due to the Great Famine), their family also survived because their father converted a swamp into a personal vegetable field during the most difficult years. Lai received almost no formal education as they spent one year in school before the Cultural Revolution shut their school down. According to some sources Lai received three years of education.
Career
Factory worker
When Lai was age 18, Mao Zedong died and private businesses began re-appearing across China under Deng Xiaoping. Lai began working at a farming machinery factory before it shut down. At age 20 Lai started a business making simple car parts. The business took off and turned into an empire. Within a decade they were the country's biggest private car importer.
TV business
In 1990 Lai tried to run a business to import duty-free TVs, where they made thousands. Two government officials from Shaocuo demanded fees be paid to them. When Lai refused, the two officials went to their house. At the time Lai was not home, but their sister was. The officials asked for business accounts, but they refused to give in. They were then beaten severely and sent to the hospital. The officials then started a tax fraud case. Lai would win in court, but their revenge campaign against Communist officials would tie up their businesses. Lai left Shaocuo and from this point on.
Yuanhua group
In 1994 Lai founded Fairwell Group, also known as Yuanhua Group (), a prominent group of upstart companies that took advantage of the economic boom of Xiamen's status as a Special Economic Zone. The group was heavily involved in the importing/smuggling of cars, cigarettes and oil. The group invested heavily in the city's real estate, hotels, clubs, roads and other infrastructure. Lai also has their own brand of Fairwell cigarettes.
In the mid 1990s Xiamen no longer regulated maximum building heights. Many rich business people tried to build the tallest skyscrapers. Lai built the 88-floor Yuanhua tower and the Yuanhua International Centre with a groundbreaking ceremony attended by 2000 guests. Each guest received a 3000-yuan red envelope. Lai had prominent connections with the Fujian power elite; they were also a member of the Provincial Consultative Conference.
Lai was believed to be the mastermind of a US$10 billion scheme, during which they allegedly bribed high level officials in the administration of the Xiamen Special Economic Zone in order to smuggle luxury cars and entire tanker-loads of oil into the country. The smuggling ring fraudulently avoided US$3.6 billion in taxes and fees. Chinese authorities do not comment on allegations that Lai's Yuanhua group was also a conduit for clandestine military shipments, such as Silkworm missiles.
In 1996 Xiamen airport's terminal building 2, funded by Lai, was one of the biggest airport structure in the country. In 1997 Xiamen's party secretary even made them an honorary citizen (). In 1998 they spent two million yuan to purchase a football team based in Foshan, Guangzhou and disbanded the team. They then moved all the players to Xiamen to create the Xiamen Lanshi F.C., and helped the team promote to the Chinese Super League. They even made their own film starring themselves as a football star to improve their image.
They built a 7-story building called the Red Mansion (), named after the classical story Dream of a Red Mansion. The mansion hired girls that were at least 5 ft 6 inches tall and have a highschool diploma at a salary of US$1000 a month. The girls were offered as sex mistresses and prostitutes to government officials.
Lai has their own Forbidden City replica () built with US$20 million that acts as a film production studio. They typically drove sedans. Their armoured Mercedes was formerly owned by Party General Secretary Jiang Zemin.
Relationships with officials and celebrities
Lai is known to be financially linked with high-ranking Chinese officials and celebrities. Some of the people include Ji Shengde, major general of military intelligence for the People's Liberation Army. Ji Shengde is the son of former Secretary General of the State Council Ji Pengfei.
Singer Dong Wenhua was offered 10 million yuan if they took their clothes off for Lai, who was drunk at the time. They did take off their clothes for the money, and disappeared from public view. They returned to state-run television after 3 years. Others include Li Jizhou (), deputy minister for public security and Xu Ganlu (), Immigration secretary. Other corrupt officials include Liu Feng (), Zhuang Rushun (), Lan Fu (), Yang Qianxian (), Shi Zhaobin (), Zhao Keming (). Some of them have already received sentences.
Lai's corruption of what was said to be literally hundreds of Chinese officials was effected through paying millions of dollars in bribes, by hosting lavish banquets and by giving jobs to relatives of local bureaucrats. They also blackmailed officials, through filming them with prostitutes arranged by him. Such arrangements enabled their companies to receive illicit import licenses and to avoid billions of dollars in import taxes. Lai's level of corruption of officials was to such a degree that corrupted naval officers allegedly ordered naval ships to escort freighters carrying Lai's contraband.
Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji, known for their anti-corruption stand and for repeatedly saying publicly that Lai needs to be executed, actually met Lai twice. In one meeting an offer was made for Lai to pay US$125 million in exchange for amnesty. This suggested the entire government knew of Lai's corruption for a long time. Lai also gave money to Zhu Niuniu, son of former deputy commander of China's 31st army from Xiamen. Zhu constantly threatened to expose Lai's smuggling if they did not help them with their financial problem from gambling at the Macau casinos.
Lai themselves was an apprentice to then General secretary Jiang Zemin. At the height of Lai's corruption in the 1990s, the Fujian party chief was Jia Qinglin. Xi Jinping, now CPC General Secretary, was the Fujian governor.
Emigration
Hong Kong
Lai resided in Fujian province before they moved to Hong Kong in April 1991. While they were in HK, the Chinese government pursued him. Lai explained to the HK Immigration Department that they were in HK because they were a friend of Leung Kam-kwong, a senior immigration officer who later died in honor during the Immigration Tower fire in 2000. Leung apparently secretly warned Lai about the immigration department's pending warrant for their arrest. Leung also suggested Lai move to Canada to escape arrest. However, the HK government later responded that the claim was totally baseless as the officer was already dead and could not defend themselves against these accusations.
Canada
Lai fled to Canada with their wife Zeng Mingna () and children in August 1999. They paid US$1 million in cash for a house in South Granville Rise Vancouver. Their kids went to private schools at a cost of US$4,000 a year and their wife opened a bank account with a deposit of US$1.5 million. They were chauffeur-driven around in a US$90,000 SUV. In 1999 they were detained, apparently caught on a 28-day gambling spree at Casino Niagara in Niagara Falls. Lai was a regular customer at the casino where at one time bought as much as US$3 million worth of chips. Canadian police noticed them and suspected they were involved in money laundering or loan-sharking. Lai and their family then made a claim to stay in Canada as refugees.
The family used a HKSAR passport to emigrate to Canada.
Following heavy pressure from Beijing, Lai's Hong Kong permanent residency and HKSAR passport were revoked in 2002 by the Hong Kong Government, saying that they obtained the status dishonestly.
Following their detention in Canada, Lai was able to obtain their release, pending the hearing into their refugee claim, by placing themselves under house arrest. They returned to the family's luxury condo in Burnaby, a suburb of Vancouver, and agreed to pay $80,000 per month to live under the guard of a private security firm. Notwithstanding such arrangements, Lai was observed by RCMP officers associating with known members of Asian smuggling gangs in Canada.
Lai divorced their wife in June 2005. In 2009 Lai was granted a working permit and worked at a Vancouver real-estate company as a consultant.
Charges
Despite Lai's departure for Canada, the Chinese government continued to pursue charges against him, and sought their extradition. In the same corruption case, one of the largest in modern Chinese history, many high-level municipal and provincial officials were sacked and a few were sentenced to life in prison or death. The complex smuggling case shifted the entire political scene in Fujian by the late 1990s. A special task force operation was created by the government to track down Lai on April 20, 1999, called "4.20" (420专案组) with about 1200 investigators.
Lai denied criminal wrongdoing, and stated that the allegations were politically motivated. Others like Pierre Lemieux defended Lai, saying they are only a criminal because of China's communist economic system and that with a free market, there would be no need for smugglers like Lai. Chinese websites could write about Lai as long as they were depicted as evil.
One of Lai's attorneys, Winnipeg lawyer David Matas, said that it was doubtful Lai could ever get a fair trial in China, given the extent of the Communist Party's influence in the opaque judicial system. Matas has filed for an assessment of whether Lai's family are at risk if they are returned to China. As long as immigration officials are considering this request, they say, they may not be removed from Canada.
Nevertheless, Lai has repeatedly been denied political refugee status in Canada, for example by a ruling in September 2005 by the Supreme Court in Ottawa, Ontario. This affirmed the decision of the Federal Court of Appeal, which in April had refused to hear Lai's appeal of the June 2002 Refugee Board decision, on the grounds that Lai and their wife failed to meet the standards to be designated as refugees.
Canada does not have the death penalty and is prohibited from deporting accused criminals to countries where they will face capital punishment. China claimed that they would not be executed if extradited from Canada. Canadian courts did not believe this guarantee, due to certain CPC bias in any trial and as 14 others involved in the complex Xiamen racket have already been executed. Svend Robinson, then New Democratic Party member of parliament for Burnaby-Douglas, also noted that Lai's brother died in a Fujian labour-camp after receiving a lesser sentence. The likelihood of a de facto death sentence remained an obstacle to their deportation.
On February 3, 2009, the Canadian Government granted Lai a work permit. Canadian officials acknowledged that Lai did not have access to the vast fortune they thought they had upon arrival in Canada back in 1999. Lai has said their legal and living expenses were being funded by friends, whom they have declined to identify, saying they could be in danger if the Chinese government knew their names.
On July 8, 2011, John Baird, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada, said that, the extradition of Lai must be conducted using Canadian laws. In early stages, Lai's Refugee Application was refused, with the possibility of extradition to China.
Extradition
Lai's corruption is known to have reached the top levels of the Chinese government. They have publicly declared in the past that if they returned to China: "many high government officials will not be able to sleep. Incidents will happen." In relation to the case, 14 people have already been executed, about 300 provincial officials have already been put on trial. Since 2002 Beijing sent MSS agents to follow them wherever they went.
On July 22, 2011, Lai Changxing was extradited to China. They were escorted to Vancouver International Airport and boarded Air Canada flight 29 (AC 29) bound for Beijing. They were later transferred to Chinese custody on July 23, 2011, and signed an arrest warrant issued for their arrest upon their arrival in Beijing. Spokesman of the Chinese ministry of foreign affairs has expressed satisfaction concerning this decision, referring to Lai as responsible for the "biggest economic crime in the history of the People's Republic of China."
Sentence
On May 18, 2012, Lai Changxing was sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of smuggling and bribery by the Intermediate People's Court in Xiamen. In addition, all of their property was confiscated.
References
External links
A short film about the making of the book Inside the Red Mansion by Oliver August.
1958 births
Living people
Applicants for refugee status in Canada
Businesspeople from Fujian
Chinese white-collar criminals
Chinese refugees
People from Jinjiang, Fujian
Chinese prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by the People's Republic of China
People extradited from Canada
People extradited to China
Chinese smugglers
Chinese football chairpeople and investors
