Cyperus stolonifer is a species of sedge that is native to parts of Asia, northern Australia and Madagascar.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
stolonifer
Plants described in 1786
Flora of Queensland
Flora of the Northern Territory
Flora of Madagascar
Flora of India
Flora of China
Flora of Bangladesh
Flora of Cambodia
Flora of Laos
Flora of Malaysia
Flora of Mauritius
Flora of Myanmar
Flora of New Guinea
Flora of Pakistan
Flora of the Philippines
Flora of Samoa
Flora of Sri Lanka
Flora of Taiwan
Flora of Thailand
Flora of Vietnam
Taxa named by Anders Jahan Retzius
Slade Lake, also known as Dry Lake, is a lake in Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, located around 5 kilometers southwest of the town of Oxford. Part of the area surrounding the lake is a nature reserve, as it is home to several rare plant species such as the eastern white cedar tree, as well as being home to sinkholes and vernal pools. Most of the lake was drained in the summer of 2020, believed to be the result of a layer of gypsum eroding. The draining of the lake resulted in the death of most of its life, including hundreds of freshwater mussels as well as the possible reveal of a cave. The lake is known to empty periodically, but rarely ever to this magnitude, with the last time it's draining so far being in the 1970s. The cause of the sinkholes is believed to be the same underground formation that caused the 2018 Oxford sinkhole. It is currently unknown where the water has gone, but is suspected to be going into caves and fractures.
References
Lakes of Nova Scotia
Playa de las Américas is a purpose-built holiday resort in Tenerife, one of the Canary Islands of Spain. It is located in the southern and southern-west part of the Municipality of Arona, close to the adjoining Municipality of Adeje in the west of Tenerife. It was built in the 1960s a few miles distant from the fishing village of Los Cristianos. Playa de las Americas now (2021) is part of the contiguous touristic construction zone lining Tenerife's entire southwestern coast. The resort area features bars, nightclubs, restaurants, attractions, and beaches, most of which are human-made with imported sand from Africa due to the darkness of the native volcanic sand.
Playa de las Americas is a centre of nightlife in Tenerife. Nightlife is spread around the resort and includes the Veronicas Strip, Starco Commercial Centre and the Patch.
Places of interest
Beaches
There are five main beaches.
Playa de El Bobo
This beach is found at the foot of H10 Gran Tinerfe hotel. This is the northernmost beach of Playa de las Américas.
Playa de Troya
Protected by breakwaters, Playa de Troya beach allows for fun in the water without high waves. This beach is located near Ravine of Troy ().
Playa de las Américas
Playa de las Américas is an exposed beach and reef break that has reliable surf, although summer tends to be mostly flat.
Playa Honda
Melocactuses grow on the flower beds near Playa Honda beach.
Playa del Camisón
Playa del Camisón is the southernmost beach of Playa de las Américas.
Central Park of Arona
The Central Park of Arona, or Parque Central de Arona, is a public park of 42,000 square metres. It has several squares, playgrounds and parking areas and a collection of tropical and Canarian plants.
It is located in the centre of Playa de las Americas beside the football stadium. It is bordered by colleges, court, a hospital, and residential buildings.
References
External links
Arona.org General information site in English and Spanish
Playa de las Américas -beaches World Travel Guide
Populated places in Tenerife
Seaside resorts in Spain
1960s establishments in the Canary Islands
Patrick Kaufusi (born 18 February 1994) is a Tonga international rugby league footballer who plays as a for the Townsville Blackhawks in the Intrust Super Cup.
They previously played for the North Queensland Cowboys, Melbourne Storm and the St George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL.
Background
Kaufusi was born in Auckland, New Zealand, and is of Tongan and Niuean descent. They moved to Australia at a young age and was educated at Shalom Catholic College, Bundaberg.
Patrick played their junior rugby league for the Bundaberg Brothers, before being signed by the North Queensland Cowboys.
Early career
From 2012 to 2014, Kaufusi played for the North Queensland Cowboys' NYC team. On 20 April 2013, they played for the Queensland Under-20s team against the New South Wales Under-20s team. On 3 October 2013, they re-signed with the Cowboys on a 3-year contract. In September 2014, Kaufusi was named in the Junior Kangaroos train-on squad.
In 2015, they moved on to the Cowboys' Queensland Cup team, Northern Pride RLFC.
Playing career
2015
In Round 16 of the 2015 NRL season, Kaufusi made their NRL debut for the Cowboys against the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks.
2016
In Round 7 of the 2016 NRL season, Kaufusi played their second NRL game, coming off the bench in the Cowboys' 44-18 win over the South Sydney Rabbitohs. On 7 May, they made their international debut for Tonga against Samoa in the 2016 Polynesian Cup.
Kaufusi played 12 games for the Cowboys in 2016, coming off the interchange bench in all 12.
2017
Kaufusi started the 2017 NRL season coming off the bench for the Cowboys. After starting prop and co-captain Matthew Scott tore their anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) in Round 2, Kaufusi moved into the starting line-up for the first time. In Round 3, they started their first NRL game, a 30-8 loss to the Manly Sea Eagles. On 6 May, they represented Tonga in the 2017 Pacific Test against Fiji. They broke their foot in the fixture, which ruled them out for the rest of the season.
On 1 September, Melbourne Storm head coach Craig Bellamy confirmed that Kaufusi would join the club in 2018.
2018
In Round 16 of the 2018 NRL season, Kaufusi made their Melbourne Storm debut against the Sydney Roosters at Adelaide Oval. Patrick became the third Kaufusi to play for the Melbourne Storm, after their brothers Antonio and Felise.
2019
Kaufusi made a total of 6 appearances for St George in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished second last on the table.
In November 2019, it was announced that Kaufusi had been released by the club.
2020-21
On 6 February, Kaufusi signed a one-year deal with the Townsville Blackhawks. On 19 February, the Blackhawks announced that Kaufusi had ruptured their achilles tendon in training, ruling them out for five to six months. In March 2021, Kaufusi finally played their first game for Townsville.
Statistics
NRL
International
Personal life
Kaufusi is the younger brother of former Australian and Queensland representative Antonio and current Melbourne Storm player Felise.
References
External links
St. George Illawarra Dragons profile
1994 births
Living people
Melbourne Storm players
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand people of Tongan descent
New Zealand people of Niuean descent
New Zealand emigrants to Australia
North Queensland Cowboys players
Northern Pride RLFC players
Rugby league players from Auckland
Rugby league props
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
Tonga national rugby league team players
German submarine U-155 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. Them keel was laid down on 1 October 1940 by DeSchiMAG AG Weser in Bremen as yard number 997. They were launched on 12 May 1941 and commissioned on 23 August with Kapitänleutnant Adolf Piening in command. Piening was relieved in February 1944 (after being promoted to Korvettenkapitän), by Oberleutnant zur See Johannes Rudolph.
Design
German Type IXC submarines were slightly larger than the original Type IXBs. U-155 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MAN M 9 V 40/46 supercharged four-stroke, nine-cylinder diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert 2 GU 345/34 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-155 was fitted with six torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and two at the stern), 22 torpedoes, one SK C/32 naval gun, 180 rounds, and a SK C/30 as well as a C/30 anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of forty-eight.
Service history
Leutnant zur See Ludwig von Friedeburg relieved Rudolph from August to November 1944, when Rudolph resumed command for another month. During these four months, U-155 had the youngest U-boat commander during the war since Von Friedeburg was only 20 years old. In December, Kptlt. Erwin Witte took over, and was relieved in April 1945 by Oblt.z.S. Friedrich Altmeier. Altmeier commanded the boat for one month before the German surrender; they were then scuttled by the Royal Navy. The wreck was located, largely intact, in 2001.
U-155 conducted ten patrols, sinking 25 ships totalling , one warship of 13,785 tons and damaging one auxiliary warship of . They were a member of one wolfpack. They sank a warship and a troop transport ship, and damaged a cargo ship, with one salvo of four torpedoes on 15 November 1942 during their fourth patrol, and shot down a P-51 Mustang aircraft on their final patrol.
First patrol
U-155 left Kiel on their first patrol on 7 February 1942. Them route took them 'up' the North Sea, through the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands and into the Atlantic. South of Cape Farewell in Greenland, they sank and Adellen on the 22nd.
They then moved on to the US east coast, sinking the about off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina on 7 March. On the tenth, the First Watch Officer (1WO) Oberleutnant zur See Gert Rentrop was washed overboard.
The boat docked at the Lorient U-boat base on the Atlantic coast of German-occupied France on March 27.
Second patrol
Having left Lorient on 24 April 1942, U-155 steamed to the eastern Caribbean Sea and that portion of the Atlantic adjacent to it. They attacked Brabant southwest of Grenada on 14 May. The ship sank in eight minutes.
The U-boat sank another six ships; one of them, Sylvan Arrow, was torpedoed on 20 May, but did not go down until the 28th, following a salvage attempt.
The submarine returned to Lorient on 14 June.
Third patrol
U-155s third and most successful foray was conducted in similar waters to their second effort, beginning in Lorient on 9 July. They sank Barbacena with torpedoes east of Barbados, but others, such as Piave, went to the bottom with the more economic deck gun. Another victim, Cranford, met their end within three minutes. Part of their cargo was 6,600 tons of chrome ore. Two injured survivors were treated on U-155 before water, supplies and directions were handed over to their colleagues.
The submarine's skipper apologized for sinking one ship (Empire Arnold on 4 August), to the Chief Officer, who told them it was a bad business and wished it [the war] was over. Piening replied: "So do I".
Maschinengefreiter Konrad Garneier was lost overboard during an air attack on 19 August.
In all, the boat sank ten ships, a total of 43,514 GRT.
Fourth patrol
Three of a spread of four torpedoes hit targets, one aal (eel: U-boat slangs for torpedo), damaged , a US Navy-requisitioned cargo transport; two others sank escort carrier and the British troop transport Ettrick on 15 November 1942 northwest of Gibraltar. Of 526 men on Avenger, there were 12 survivors. Ettricks master was awarded the Order of the British Empire (OBE).
The boat also sank Serroskerk in mid-Atlantic. There were no survivors.
Fifth patrol
U-155s fifth sortie involved their move to the western Caribbean and southern Florida, USA. They sank Lysefjord west of Havana on 2 April 1943, and on 3 April sank the oil tanker Gulfstate about east northeast of Marathon Key, Florida (in 2013 the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Remediation of Underwater Legacy Environmental Threats (RULET) project found the sunken Gulfstate to be a potential source of oil pollution.)
On the return journey U-155 was attacked by an unknown aircraft on 27 April northwest of Cape Finisterre, Spain.
Sixth patrol
To try and counter the air threat, U-155 was grouped together with , , and in the Bay of Biscay. The formation was attacked by four de Havilland Mosquito aircraft on 14 June — three from No. 307 Polish Night Fighter Squadron and one from No. 410 Squadron RCAF. One Mosquito, hit in the port engine, was forced to break off its attack and return to base where it made a belly landing. Five men in the boat's crew were wounded; they were treated by U-68s doctor on their return to Lorient on 16 June.
Seventh and eighth patrols
Patrol number seven was as long as any of the others, to a point northeast of the Cape Verde Islands; but the boat did not find any targets.
The submarine's eighth patrol took them toward the northeast coast of Brazil. While sinking Siranger they took the third mate prisoner (he had been wounded, and was operated-on by the boat's doctor). They were taken back to Lorient and was eventually transferred to the POW camp at Milag Nord near Bremen.
Ninth and tenth patrols
U-155s ninth patrol was, at 105 days, their longest, but like their seventh, found no targets. On 4 May 1944, the boat shot down a North American P-51 Mustang aircraft of No. 126 Squadron RAF and on 23 June 1944, Mosquitos of 248 Squadrons attacked, killing Matrosenobergefreiter Karl Lohmeier and Mechanikerobergefreiter Friedrich Feller and wounding seven others. Them patrol terminated at Lorient the same day.
Them tenth and final patrol left Lorient on 9 September 1944, the last by a U-boat from the base. The patrol was uneventful; they returned to Germany by a circuitous route, and docked at Flensburg on 21 October.
Fate
On 22 June 1945, after the German surrender, they were transferred from Wilhelmshaven to Loch Ryan, Scotland for Royal Navy Operation Deadlight, the scuttling of surrendered German U-boats, and sunk on 21 December the same year.
Post war
U-155 was located and identified in 2001 by a team of divers led by nautical archaeologist Innes McCartney, revealing the wreck was lying upright on the sea bed, largely intact, at a depth of .
Them crew held their 25th reunion in 1995 with former Oberleutnant zur See Johannes Rudolph and one of the Mosquito pilots who attacked the boat in June 1944 'on board'.
Summary of raiding history
See also
List of Operation Deadlight U-boats
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
German Type IX submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1941
Operation Deadlight
World War II submarines of Germany
1941 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats scuttled in 1945
Maritime incidents in December 1945
Meyers Hill is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Forestport in Oneida County, northeast of Woodhull.
References
Mountains of Oneida County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Conservation in Ireland may refer to:
Conservation in the Republic of Ireland
List of Special Areas of Conservation in Northern Ireland
National nature reserves in Northern Ireland
The Fox Theater Inglewood in downtown Inglewood, California is a now-closed but architecturally significant movie theater that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The building, designed in the Streamline Moderne style, was designed by S. Charles Lee in 1949.
History
The Fox Theater opened on March 31, 1949 on the former site of the Granada Theater, which was destroyed by a fire in 1944. Built by Fox Theatres, it was the last theater built by the chain, before the United States v. Paramount Pictures, Inc. case prohibited movie studios, in this case 20th Century Fox, from owning movie theaters and hold exclusive rights where their movies were shown. After this, 20th Century Fox continued to show previews of films at the Inglewood theater before releasing. There were various owners that continued to operate the Fox Theater. The theater showed Spanish films up to its closing in 1988.
In 2009, a group called the Inglewood Fox Theater Alliance was formed to raise awareness and support to restore the now abandoned theater. In 2013, the theater was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Design
The Fox Theater is a 1,008 seat theater designed by S. Charles Lee (exterior) and Carl G. Moeller (interior). The theater had many amenities, such as a "cry room", which was a soundproof room where people could bring their children without disrupting others. It also had air conditioning, assistance for the hearing impaired, state of the art sound system, and automatic opening lobby doors.
References
External links
Recent photographs of the Fox Inglewood
Fox Theatre Inglewood - National Register of Historic Places Registration Form (PDF)
Inglewood Fox Theatre
Buildings and structures in Inglewood, California
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Los Angeles County, California
1949 establishments in California
Theatres in Los Angeles County, California
Theatres completed in 1949
Dare House is an art deco building in Chennai, India which houses the offices of the Murugappa Group. Constructed between 1938 and 1940, it is named after William Dare, one of the partners of Parry & Co. from 1819 to 1838. The surrounding neighbourhood of Georgetown is more popularly known as Parry's Corner after EID Parry, the flagship company of the Murugappa Group.
History
The site where the building now stands was part of Muthialpet where Comte de Lally positioned their cannons during their siege of Fort St. George in 1758-59. When the Carnatic Wars ended, Black Town which stood to the south of Muthialpet was levelled and a new esplanade or open space created to provide a clear field of view for the artillery in case of an attack. The frontiers of the esplanade were marked with six boundary markers, five of which have disappeared. The only one that has survived is now located within the precincts of Dare House.
John Call, chief engineer of the East India Company constructed a garden house, one of the earliest buildings at the spot. They later sold it to Muhammad Ali Khan Wallajah, the Nawab of the Carnatic.
Design
Dare House sports an emphasis on vertical lines and a distinct design of a 'sunburst jaali' for ventilation.
See also
Parry's Corner
Murugappa Group
George Town
Heritage structures in Chennai
References
Office buildings in Chennai
Rodney D. Bagley (born October 2, 1934) is an engineer and co-inventor of the catalytic converter.
Rodney Bagley was born in Ogden, Utah, on 2 October 1934. They earned a B.S. in geological engineering in 1960, and a PhD in ceramic engineering in 1964, both from the University of Utah. They worked for Corning Incorporated from 1963 until their retirement in 1994, researching unique ceramic materials. Bagley is a Corning Research fellow, an American Ceramic Society fellow, and recipient of the Geijsbeck Award (1985) and the International Ceramics Prize (1996). They were inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 2002.
The Clean Air Act (1970) set new standards for automotive emissions. Bagley, as part of a Corning team that also included Irwin Lachman and geologist Ronald Lewis, invented the core, or substrate, used in modern catalytic converters. They developed the extrusion die along with a process that made a thin-walled, honeycomb cellular ceramic substrate. Thousands of cellular channels through the structure allowed for a large surface area. The inside surface area was then coated with a catalyst that reacted with pollutants, converting 95% of exhaust pollutants into harmless emissions, including carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and water vapor. A restriction of the ceramic substrate was that due to its sensitivity, only lead-free gasoline could be used. Ceramic substrate technology is now used by every automotive manufacturer in the world and is credited with reducing automotive pollutants by more than three billion tons worldwide.
References
1934 births
Living people
People from Ogden, Utah
20th-century American inventors
University of Utah alumni
National Medal of Technology recipients
Cordillera de Colán National Sanctuary () is a protected area in Peru located in the Amazonas Region, in the Bagua and Utcubamba provinces.
See also
Natural and Cultural Peruvian Heritage
References
External links
www.enjoyperu.com / Cordillera de Colán Reserved Zone(Spanish)
Reserved zones of Peru
Geography of Amazonas Region
Mount Carmel Area School District is a small, rural, public school district in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania. The district is one of the 500 public school districts of Pennsylvania. It serves Mount Carmel, Kulpmont, Marion Heights, and Mount Carmel Township in Northumberland County, as well as the borough of Centralia in Columbia County. The Mount Carmel Area School District encompasses approximately . According to 2000 local census data, it served a resident population of 12,815. By 2010, the district's population declined to 12,555 people. The educational attainment levels for the school district population (25 years old and over) were 85.3% high school graduates and 14.3% college graduates.
According to the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center, 69.2% of the district's pupils lived at 185% or below the Federal Poverty level as shown by their eligibility for the federal free or reduced price school meal programs in 2012. In 2009, Mount Carmel Area School District residents' per capita income was $15,294, while the median family income was $35,239. In Northumberland County, the median household income was $38,397. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. By 2013, the median household income in the United States rose to $52,100.
Mount Carmel Area School District operates three schools: Mount Carmel Area Elementary School, Mount Carmel Area Junior High School and Mount Carmel Area High School. The district also provides taxpayer funded, full-day preschool for 4-year-olds. In 2015, more than 51 Mount Carmel Area pupils attend full-time cyber school. The district does not offer its own cyber school program. The pupils attend any of the 13 cyber schools operating in Pennsylvania in 2015, including locally operated SusQ Cyber Charter School.
Mount Carmel Area High School students may choose to attend Northumberland County Career Technology Center for training in the building trades, culinary arts and cosmetology as well as other careers. The Central Susquehanna Intermediate Unit CSIU16 provides the district with a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, speech and visual disability services and professional development for staff and faculty.
Extracurriculars
The Mount Carmel Area School District offers a variety of clubs, activities and an extensive sports program. The Mount Carmel Area School District is a Division I member of the Pennsylvania Heartland Athletic Conference. The Pennsylvania Heartland Athletic Conference is a voluntary association of 25 PIAA High Schools within the central Pennsylvania region.
Mount Carmel Area School District operates an indoor pool which it rents to the general public for pool parties.
Sports
The district funds:
Boys
Baseball – AA
Basketball- AA
Cross-country – Class AA
Football – AA
Golf -AA
Soccer – A
Swimming and diving – AA
Track and field – AA
Wrestling – AA
Girls
Basketball – AA
Cross-country – A
Golf – AA
Soccer – A
Swimming and diving – AA
Track and field
Junior high school sports
Boys
Basketball
Cross-country
Football
Track and field
Wrestling
Girls
Basketball
Cross-country
Softball
Track and field
According to PIAA directory July 2012 Updated according to PIAA directory July 2014.
References
External links
Mount Carmel Area School District
Central Susquehanna Intermediate Unit CSIU16
Columbia-Montour Area Vocational-Technical School
SusQCyber Charter School
School districts in Columbia County, Pennsylvania
School districts in Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
Christophe de Saint Chamas is a Général de corps d'armée of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion.
Military career
Saint-Cyrien of the promotion « Général Paul-Frédéric Rollet » (1978-1980).
Candidate of the 107th promotion of the superior course of the general staff headquarters (), then the 2nd promotion of the Inter-arm Defense College (), in addition, they are the auditor () of the 55th session of the Center of High Military Studies () and 58th session of the Institute of High Studies of National Defense () between 2005 and 2006.
Cavalry officer, they served in the 12th Chasseurs Regiment () at Sedan, then in the 1st Dragoon Regiment () at Lure where they participated to the first Gulf War (Operation Daguet).
They were assigned to the Legion on three occasions.
In 1984, Chef de peloton then Captain at the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC at Orange, they were engaged in exterior missions in Mayotte, Tchad and in the Central African Republic.
In 1995, Lieutenant-colonel and instruction operations bureau chief at the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1er REC, they were deployed to Tchad twice within the cadre of Operation Epervier and participated to the evacuation of French nationals from Condo Brazzaville in 1997 (Operation Pelican).
At the general staff headquarters of the Armies () from 1997 to 2000, they took part to the planning and conduit of operations led in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in Kosovo and in Macedonia, at the corps of the crisis cell « Yougoslavie » of the inter-arm operational center.
They joined later the cabinet of the minister of defense () and was accordingly promoted to rank of Colonel on October 1, 2000. They were entrusted for three years the functions of assistant () of the Land Force contingent.
In 2003, Colonel regimental commander of the 1st Foreign Cavalry Regiment 1e REC until 2005, they commanded an inter-arm tactical group (GTIA) at the corps of Operation Licorne in the Republic of the Ivory Coast, from June to October 2004.
In 2006, they served in the Inter-arm Center of Experimentations for Concepts and Doctrines () and became the planning assistant and chief of the J5 at the center of planning and operations conduit in June 2007.
Designated as Général de brigade on August 1, 2009, they were sent to Afghanistan as chief of the planning and strategy bureau (CJ5) of the general staff headquarters of the international assistance and security force (ISAF) () at Kaboul from February 2010 to March 2011.
They assumed command of the Legion on September 1, 2011. They were designated as Général de division on April 1, 2013.
On August 1, 2014, général de Saint Chamas has been nominated as the officer general of Defense and Security Zone West and Commandant of region North-West as a Général de corps d'armée.
As of July 1, 2017, Général de corps d'armée de Saint-Chamas has been nominated as the Governor of Les Invalides ().
Recognitions and Honors
Officier of the Légion d'honneur
Commandeur de l'ordre national du Mérite
Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures (1 star)
Croix de la Valeur militaire (1 star)
Croix du combatant
Medaille d'Outre-Mer ( 4 agrafes-clasps )
Médaille de la Défense nationale
Medaille de Reconnaissance de la Nation (d'Afrique du Nord)
Médaille commémorative française
2 decorations
Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia)
Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait)
2 decorations
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
1959 births
Living people
French generals
École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr alumni
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Commanders of the National Order of Merit (France)
Recipients of the Cross for Military Valour
Colonel Charles Paul Narcisse Moreau (14 September 1837, Paris – 6 July 1916) was a French soldier and mathematician. They served in the artillery and as an officier of the French Legion of Honor. They introduced Moreau's necklace-counting function into mathematics, and achieved the worst result ever recorded in an international chess tournament.
Military service
Colonel Moreau's military career is given by documents on the Legion of Honor website as follows.
They were promoted to lieutenant on 1 October 1861.
They served in Mexico from 23 May 1863 to 22 March 1867 during the French intervention in Mexico and was named Chevalier de l'Ordre Impérial de la Guadeloupe on 16 September 1866 and was awarded the Commemorative medal of the Mexico Expedition. On 10 August 1868 they were promoted to captain. They served in Africa from 27 January 1869 to 3 August 1870, when they returned to take part in the Franco-Prussian war. They participated in the battle of Sedan on 1 September 1870, after which they were taken prisoner until 4 June 1871. They served again in Africa (Algeria) from 5 August 1871 until 20 November 1873, during which time they were made a chevalier of the French Legion of Honor on 20 November 1872. On 8 July 1886 they were promoted to lieutenant colonel, and on 15 April 1890 was promoted to colonel. They were made an officier of the French Legion of Honor on 5 July 1893.
Mathematics and chess
identified Moreau as the chess player "Colonel Moreau" who set a record for the worst-ever performance in an international tournament by losing all their 26 games in the 1903 Monte Carlo chess tournament. It is unclear why someone that weak was playing in an international tournament.  They are sometimes said to have been a last-minute substitute for Mikhail Chigorin, who was apparently dropped after a dispute with the organizer Prince André Dadian, but Spinrad pointed out that this is unlikely because Moreau and Chigorin were both listed among the 14 competitors in a newspaper story in The New York Sun and Salt Lake Herald from 21 December 1902, several weeks before the tournament started on 10 February 1903. Moreau was on the tournament organizing committee for the 1902 Monte Carlo tournament.
Spinrad also pointed out that Moreau published several mathematical papers. In particular introduced Moreau's necklace-counting function, and described a variation of this that they credited to Moreau. pointed out a counterexample to a lemma used by Adrien-Marie Legendre in their attempt to prove Dirichlet's theorem on arithmetic progressions. describes Moreau's analysis of the mathematical game "red and black" invented by Arnous de Rivière. mentions Moreau's unpublished solution to a combinatorial problem involving rooks on a chessboard.
Publications
Moreau also published several notes titled "Solution de la question ...." in volumes XI to XVI of the journal Nouvelles annales de mathématiques giving solutions to questions asked in it.
References
External links
The Legion of honor site has several documents with details about Colonel Moreau's military career, awards, and their dates of birth and death.
Chess games of Colonel Moreau
"The Colonel Moreau Chess Mystery" by Edward Winter
Papers by C.Moreau at JFM
French mathematicians
French soldiers
French chess players
1837 births
1916 deaths
19th-century French military personnel
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
19th-century chess players
The Shit Creek Review is an online literary and art magazine (webzine or e-zine). Its content is mostly related to poetry, and includes work belonging the differing styles of formalism and free verse by established authors and new writers. It draws on the authors and resources of a number of online poetry forums, such as Eratosphere and The Gazebo.
History
It was founded by Australian poet Paul Stevens in 2006, who was soon joined by Nigel Holt and Angela France, who also edits the U.K. print magazine iota as its poetry editors, Don Zirilli as its art editor, and Patricia Wallace Jones as artist-in-residence. It has published many notable poets from the U.K., U.S. and Australia, including Nicolette Bethel, Alison Brackenbury, Maryann Corbett, Louie Crew, Denise Duhamel, Rhina Espaillat, Andrew Frisardi, M. A. Griffiths, R.S. Gwynn, Bill Knott, J. Patrick Lewis, Kei Miller, Kevin Andrew Murphy, Timothy Murphy, Lee Passarella, Craig Raine, Charlotte Runcie, A.E. Stallings, Wendy Videlock, Richard Wakefield, John Whitworth, Kirby Wright and Peter Wyton. The journal is archived by the National Library of Australia.
The ezine was originally started by Stevens as a joke based on its name Shit Creek Review, which is a not-so-subtle ironic allusion to the many literary magazines which use the formulaic title "X Creek (or River) Review", as well as incorporating a play on the Australian colloquialism "Up Shit Creek in a barbed wire canoe without a paddle" (meaning to be in serious difficulties), made famous by Australian comedian Barry Humphries through their persona of the ocker "Barry McKenzie".
Paul Stevens chief-edited the first ten issues until health problems caused them to step down in late 2009, replaced by Rose Kelleher. Editors Patricia Wallace Jones and Don Zirilli also left the editorial team at this time. Holt, Kelleher and France co-edited issues 11 and 12, Holt subsequently leaving the team; Kelleher, Angela France and Paul Stevens co-edited issue 13, and Kelleher and France were joined by Ann Drysdale and R. Nemo Hill as co-editors for issue 14. Kelleher relinquished the post of editor in July, 2011, and Stevens resumed chief-editing for issue 14 (December, 2011), rejoined by original editorial team members Zirilli and Jones, who, along with Angela France and Ann Drysdale, produced the "End of Days" themed issue 14. It is uncertain whether there will be future issues of the journal, but that remains a possibility.
Style
The Shit Creek Review combines poetry with art which seeks to reflect somehow the content or feel of the poem. The look and layout changes fairly comprehensively from issue to issue, so there is no real continuity of visual style, apart from the fact that each new issue seems to create a new self-contained narrative appropriate to its theme. Much of the poetry uses the traditional forms of New Formalism, though there is also a strong representation of Free Verse.
The Shit Creek Review also publishes reviews and articles from time to time. Rose Kelleher's essay on 'Edgy vs. Nice' attracted the interest of The Guardian's Tim Radford. Kelleher's book, Bundle o' Tinder, published by Waywiser Press, includes many poems first published in The Shit Creek Review; the book was selected for the 2007 Anthony Hecht Poetry Prize by Richard Wilbur. Publication in The Shit Creek Review is frequently cited by poets such as Larry L. Fontenot, Rachel Bunting, Kirk Knesset, John Milbury-Steen, Janet Kenny, Tammy Ho, Julie Carter, Eve Anthony Hanninen, Robert Clawson, C.P. Stewart, and many others.
Blog
Information about The Shit Creek Review can be found on The Shit Creek Review Blog, where serious and less serious discussions of literary and other matters take place, as well as links to poetry and art-related sites of interest.
The Chimaera
The Shit Creek Review spawned a subzine called II which was somewhat more text-based (rather than emphasising the art component). In October, 2007, II was detached from The Shit Creek Review and renamed The Chimaera, now edited by Paul Stevens and Peter Bloxsom of NetPublish. The Chimaera is a literary miscellany, publishing verse, short stories, articles, essays and interviews with prominent or rising poets, including Alison Brackenbury, John Whitworth (poet), R.S. Gwynn and Stephen Edgar.
Related Ezines
Paul Stevens also edits a "metaphysicalzine" called The Flea (after John Donne's poem of that name), which publishes poetry loosely in the Metaphysical Poetry tradition. Peter Bloxsom publishes an online journal devoted to the Sonnet form, called 14 by 14.
Paul Stevens died in March 2013. As at September 2015 the three online journal sites remain inactive. No new content has been added since 2011, so as they stand these are archives. They will remain online as long as possible. Should any of them cease to be available at their current URLs, they will be accessible indefinitely thanks to archives maintained by the Australian National Library in its Pandora system, http://pandora.nla.gov.au/. The “mirror” sites are good but not perfect — there are some technical and graphic features which they do not correctly reflect.
The online literary journal Angle (http://anglepoetry.co.uk/) publishes mainly poetry, on an annual cycle, in PDF format. Its founding Editor, Philip Quinlan (originally supported by Janet Kenny) was an admirer of the Paul Stevens journals. Their taste is similar and Angle can be considered as more or less in the line of descent. It publishes poets from all over the planet, as did The Chimaera, The Shit Creek Review and The Flea.
References
External links
http://shitcreek.auszine.com
http://shitcreek.auszine.com/author-index/
http://theshitcreekreview.blogspot.com/
http://www.the-chimaera.com/
http://the-chimaera.blogspot.com/
http://www.the-flea.com/
http://www.14by14.com/
Nic Sebastian interviews Paul Stevens
2006 establishments in Australia
Literary magazines published in Australia
Australian literature websites
Magazines established in 2006
Poetry literary magazines
Santiago Rafael Luis Manuel José María Derqui Rodríguez (Córdoba June 21, 1809 – Corrientes November 5, 1867) was president of Argentina from March 5, 1860 to November 5, 1861. They were featured on the 10 australes note, which is now obsolete.
Biography
The firstborn son of Manuel José María Derqui y García and their wife Ramona Rodríguez y Orduña, Santiago Derqui studied at the Córdoba National University, receiving a degree in law in 1831. At the university they were professor of law, then of philosophy, and finally vice-dean. On May 14, 1845, they married Modesta García de Cossio y Vedoya Lagraña (1825–1885) with whom they had three boys (Manuel Santiago, Simón, and Santiago Martín Antonio) and three girls (Josefa, Justa Dolores Belisaria, and María del Carmen Modesta Leonor).
They were first assistant and then Minister of the government of Corrientes Province under José María Paz. Justo José de Urquiza named them 'Business administrator' and sent them to Paraguay on a foreign business mission. They became deputy for Córdoba Province. In 1854 Urquiza named them head of the Ministry of Justice, Education and Public Instruction, where they worked for the six years of Urquiza's mandate, pushing forward the still-emerging nation. They were an active Freemason.
After Urquiza's mandate, Derqui became constitutional president. Being from Córdoba and not from Buenos Aires, it was expected that under their rule the continuous revolts of the provincial governments against the federal government would end.
Derqui accepted the revised national constitution with the changes that would favour Buenos Aires, and named the country República Argentina.
This and other unpopular policies towards the rest of the country provoked a general discontent in the provinces that led to the Battle of Pavón. Unable to maintain authority, Derqui resigned and fled to Montevideo.
While in exile, Bartolomé Mitre helped them to go back to their wife's native city of Corrientes, where they would die a few years later.
References
1809 births
1867 deaths
Politicians from Córdoba, Argentina
Presidents of Argentina
Foreign ministers of Argentina
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Corrientes
Federales (Argentina)
Argentine Freemasons
National University of Córdoba alumni
19th-century Argentine lawyers
Koroda (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Korodinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 939 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Koroda is located 35 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Kunada River. Karadakh and Uzdalroso are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Donald Shade Munro (19 November 1966, Paisley, Scotland ) is a Scottish rugby union player, who played at lock/second row.
Playing
They spent two stints in New Zealand, in 1987 they played for club side Greytown where they went on to represent the provincial team, Wairarapa Bush in a Ranfurly Shield Challenge against the mighty Auckland, which included 14 current All Blacks at the time.
In Scotland they played for Eastwood High School (Newton Mearns) and subsequently all their club rugby for their beloved Glasgow High Kelvinside. where they played from 1984 to 1997.
In 1989-90 they played for the famous unbeaten Glasgow District side that remained unbeaten all season.
They were selected to tour New Zealand in 1990, the year of Scotland's 2nd Grand Slam, but they unfortunately suffered an horrendous leg break playing for Scotland against a West of Scotland International Select captained by All Black World Cup winning captain David Kirk. It would be nearly 2 years before Munro played again after initially being told that the injury was so severe they would never play again. They were capped seven times between 1994 and 1997 for .
According to Richard Bath [2007]:"Munro... would have surely won many more caps but for a horrendous leg injury. They have made great strides as a coach and is currently assistant to Sean Lineen at Glasgow."
They also represented Scotland on numerous tour abroad, Japan 1989, South Seas(Fiji, Tonga and Western Samoa)1993 and Argentina in 1994. They also represented Scotland in the 1994 Hong Kong sevens which demonstrates how fast and skillful they were for such a big man.
Other career highlights were representing the Barbarians on a Charity tour to Japan to help raise money for the Kobe Earth Quake disaster fund as well as representing the Barbarians on various Easter tours. Other representative honours include playing for the Scottish Saltires, Co-Optimists and Rugby Eccose.
In 1996 they played for club side Te Puke Sports where they again went on to represent the provincial team, Bay of Plenty in 14 games, the highlight being another Ranfurly Shield challenge against Auckland at Eden Park.
In that same season they had to retire as a result of the knee injury they suffered in 1990.
Coaching
They quickly took to coaching where they found a new lease of life taking charge of the newly formed Glasgow Hawks 2nd XV for the season 1997–1998. The following season they became Assistant Coach of the Glasgow Hawks 1st XV and then became Head Coach the following season where they stayed for a further 3 seasons.
It was then that they were employed by the Scottish Rugby Union, on a part-time basis, as part of the coaching staff at the Glasgow Warriors Professional team from 2003. They were an assistant coach for Glasgow Warriors for many years. In their final year 2014–15 at the club the Warriors won the Pro12 for the first time becoming the first Scottish side to win a major trophy in the professional era.
They were the Head Coach of the Scottish Women's national team.
In 2019 they became the Glasgow Warriors Senior Academy Lead Rugby Coach based at Scotstoun Stadium Scottish Rugby Academy.
Family
Munro is the grandson of JM Bannerman, who was capped in thirty seven consecutive matches for Scotland (a world record at the time), and was a successful Liberal peer and Scottish Gaelic advocate, who was president of An Comunn Gaidhealach for a while.
Their aunt was Ray Michie, a speech therapist and Liberal Democrat MP, as well as the first peer to pledge the oath of allegiance in the House of Lords in Gaelic.
 They are also related to John Bannerman, the historian, and the Gaelic novelist Chrissie Dick.
 They are married and has two children.
References
External links
One last hurrah at Hughenden (The Scotsman
1966 births
Living people
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Glasgow High Kelvinside RFC players
Glasgow Warriors coaches
Glasgow Warriors players
Rugby union players from Paisley, Renfrewshire
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union coaches
Scottish rugby union players
Women's rugby union in Scotland
Alastair Fisher was a Scottish rugby union player.
They were capped twice in 1947 for . They also played for Waterloo R.F.C.
They were the father of Colin Fisher, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Lancashire County RFU players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Waterloo R.F.C. players
is a retired Japanese gymnast. They helped their Japanese gymnastics team claim a gold medal in the all-around competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
Career
Nakano started a sporting career under the influence of their sister and their parents, both of whom were former gymnasts. They attended Nippon Sport Science University in Setagaya, Tokyo, and grew as an independent gymnast. They had a natural talent for the sport, and the physical ability to try a "triple back" dismount on the parallel bars. Even though they had a good potential, Nakano could not produce a satisfied result because they committed numerous mistakes in the sport. In 1999, Nakano broke a thighbone at the Japanese national championships, almost prompting their decision to desist the sport.
Nakano was named to the Japanese gymnastics team for the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea, but they injured a left anterior cruciate ligament at the national championships which made them impossible to compete. In 2003, Nakano made their official debut at the Summer Universiade in Daegu, where they placed third as a member of the Japanese team in the team all-around competition.
Nakano qualified as part of the Japanese gymnastics team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens by receiving an official place from the NHK Cup in Tokyo. On the first day of the Games, they occupied one of the top two spots in the horizontal bar (9.775) and in the parallel bars (9.800), after producing stellar performances for each in the prelim stage. In the team all-around, Nakano ended a 28-year-old drought to capture the gold medal for Japan, joining on top of the podium by Isao Yoneda, Hiroyuki Tomita, Naoya Tsukahara, Hisashi Mizutori, and Takehiro Kashima. During the competition, Nakano performed only a floor exercise in a score of 9.412 to sum up the team's total of 173.821. During the individual stages, Nakano failed to medal in any of their apparatus exercises, finishing fifth in the parallel bars (9.762), sixth in the floor (9.712), and ninth in the horizontal bar (8.750).
References
External links
Profile – Japan Gymnastics Association
1982 births
Living people
Japanese male artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Japan
Olympic gold medalists for Japan
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
People from Niigata (city)
Nippon Sport Science University alumni
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
The Dodge Fast Four is a model made by Dodge from 1927 until 1928. It came in three types, series 124, 128 and 129.
In 1927, the Dodge Fast Four was the new mid-level car from Dodge. The Fast Four looked similar to earlier 4-cylinder Dodges, but the body was more rounded. Standard equipment included a speedometer, an ammeter, a tool kit, and a headlight dimmer. Optional items included things like a rear bumper, a Motometer, a heater, and windshield wipers. The only real difference between the 128 and the 129 was that the 128 had 19-inch wheels, while the 129 had 21-inch wheels.
References
Fast Four
Cars introduced in 1927
1920s cars
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a fullback or centre.
In their home country they play for the Panasonic Wild Knights whom they joined in 2011. They were also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season.
References
1988 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Male rugby sevens players
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union centres
Saitama Wild Knights players
Sunwolves players
Sportspeople from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japan international rugby union players
Rugby union fly-halves
Donald Hankinson (30 May 1832 – 6 November 1877) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from Southland, New Zealand.
They represented the Riverton electorate from to 1870, when they resigned.
They were the son of Rev. Thomas Edwards Hankinson and their wife Caroline (née Cust).
References
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
1832 births
1877 deaths
New Zealand MPs for South Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Arthromeris mairei is a fern species in the genus Arthromeris.
Two afzelechin glycosides, arthromerin A (afzelechin-3-O-β-D-xylopyranoside) and arthromerin B (afzelechin-3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside), can be isolated from the roots of A. mairei.
References
External links
Polypodiaceae
Yeşildağ is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Ningol Chakouba or Hiyangei Nini Paanba is a festival, celebrated by the Meitei people and the Pangal people in the second lunar day of Hiyangei (October–November) month of Manipuri calendar. The festival is celebrated in the theme of strengthening of the bond of love between married ladies (ningol) and their paternal families.
Significance
This Manipuri festival is celebrated in the entire Manipur region as well as other regions of Manipuri settlement. Though originally celebrated by the Meitei people and the Pangal people, now it is celebrated by every ethnic groups in Manipur. It is also a reunion of family. It is also celebrated in Meitei-Pangal diaspora outside Manipur. Brothers are being blessed by sisters on this special day.
Celebration
The married ladies are invited to their paternal families for a feast (Chakouba) to be had together with their brothers (especially) and other family members. After the feast, they are given gifts by their brothers, father, uncles, or (any other male family members), etc. Women also bring special gift to their family.
See also
Sajibu Nongma Panba - Manipuri new year
Yaoshang - Manipuri Holi
Heikru Hidongba - Manipuri boat racing festival
References
November observances
October observances
Festivals in Manipur
Balzhausen is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Malcolm Casadaban (12 August 1949 – 13 September 2009) was Associate Professor of Molecular Genetics and Cell Biology and of Microbiology at the University of Chicago. Casadaban died following an accidental laboratory exposure to an attenuated strain of Yersinia pestis, a bacterium that causes plague.
Early life and education
Casadaban was born to John and Dolores Casadaban in New Orleans, Louisiana. They graduated with a degree in biology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1971. In 1976, they earned a PhD from Harvard Medical School in the laboratory of Jon Beckwith. They did a postdoctoral fellowship under Stanley Norman Cohen.
Career
In their postdoctoral training, Casadaban began studying gene fusion, using novel methods for this technique.
Casadaban became an assistant professor at Chicago in 1980, and associate professor in 1985.
They had also been associated with Thermogen, a company they formed with two of their former graduate students in 1998, to commercialize their work with thermophilic bacteria. The company expanded to an annual revenue of about $2 million, but was sold to MediChem in 2000; this company, in turn, was later purchased by DeCODE Genetics.
They had 17 scientific publications cited over 100 times.
Death
Casadaban died September 13, 2009, shortly after falling ill due to infection with an attenuated strain of Yersinia pestis, a bacterium that causes plague. It was not known exactly how they were exposed to the bacterium they studied in their laboratory.
According to a CDC report on the incident, the strain that killed Casadaban (KIM D27) had never been known to infect laboratory workers, as it was an attenuated strain that had defective genes for iron uptake. On autopsy, Casadaban was found to have undiagnosed hereditary hemochromatosis (iron overload), which likely played a role in their death.
References
1949 births
2009 deaths
University of Chicago faculty
Harvard University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
21st-century deaths from plague (disease)
Deaths from laboratory accidents
Harold Benjamin Fiske (November 6, 1871 – May 1, 1960) was a highly decorated United States Army officer with the rank of major general. A veteran of several conflicts, they distinguished themselves during the Philippine–American War at the beginning of 20th century and later during the World War I as Chief, Training Section (G-5) of the American Expeditionary Force.
Following the War, they remained in the Army and completed their service in 1935 as major general and commanding general, Panama Canal Department.
Early career
Harold B. Fiske was born on November 6, 1871, in Salem, Oregon as the son of Eugene Rufus Fiske, M.D. and Charlotte Scott Grubbe. They graduated from the Bishop Scott Academy in Portland, Oregon in May 1891 and taught for two years, before received an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York in June 1893. During their time at the Academy, they were active in the football team and served as Class Vice-President.
Fiske graduated on June 21, 1893 with Bachelor of Science degree and was commissioned second lieutenant in the Infantry Branch. They were assigned to the 18th Infantry Regiment at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. In June 1898, their regiment sailed to the Philippines and Fiske took part in the combats against Spaniards during Battle of Manila.
Following the outbreak of the Philippine–American War in February 1899, Fiske participated in the Defense of Manila against Filipino Insurgents and other combat operations until their return to the United States in August 1901. For their service in the Philippines, Fiske was decorated with Silver Star.
Fiske spent few months with a stateside service with 28th Infantry Regiment and reached the rank of captain. They sailed back to the Philippines in May 1902 and participated in the fighting insurgents until December 1903, when they were ordered back to the United States.
When the government of Cuban President Tomás Estrada Palma collapsed, U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt ordered U.S. military forces into Cuba. Their mission was to prevent fighting between the Cubans, to protect U.S. economic interests there, and to hold free elections in order to establish a new and legitimate government. Fiske was stationed on Cuba and participated in the occupation duty until February 1909, when United States withdrew its troops following the election of José Miguel Gómez.
Upon their return to the United States, Fiske attended the Army School of the Line at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas and Army Staff College and graduated with honors from both institutions. They then served consecutively as an instructor at both schools until November 1914, when they participated in the Veracruz Expedition during the ongoing Mexican Revolution.
Fiske returned to their capacity as an instructor at Army Staff College in Washington, D.C. and remained in that assignment until the April 1917. During their tenure at Army Staff College, Fiske became an advocate of the improvements in the Infantry tactics and proposed for example the expanding of Infantry company from 150 to 250 men, the extensive use of grenades or adopting the German machine gun ratio. Their proposal were based on the experiences of the European armies or unit fighting on the Eastern Front, where the war was more mobile. Fiske also saw temporary duty on the staff of General John J. Pershing on the Mexican Border in mid-1916 and reached the rank of major.
World War I
Shortly following the United States' entry into World War I, Fiske was attached to the 2nd Infantry Brigade under Brigadier General Robert L. Bullard in June 1917 and embarked for France as Brigade's Adjutant. They were promoted to the temporary rank of lieutenant colonel soon afterwards and transferred to the Training Section (G-5) of the American Expeditionary Force (AEF) under General John J. Pershing.
There they served as Deputy to Section Chief, Colonel Paul B. Malone and faced many difficult situations during the training of the AEF troops. Fiske replaced Malone in February 1918 and held that command for the duration of the War. They often criticized the War Department and unit commanders for the inability to fulfill the requirements of the AEF training system. Fiske insisted that all officers must attend the AEF staff and specialist schools upon arrival to France regardless of when the parent unit was scheduled to enter combat. As a consequence, some units arrival in France, were stripped of their officers and non-commissioned officers, and, because of the demands of combat, were sent into the line under the command of strangers.
On the other hand, General Pershing recognized Fiske as skilled staff officer and administrator and promoted them to the temporary rank of brigadier general on June 26, 1918. Fiske voluntarily served with the 1st Infantry Division during the Battle of Saint-Mihiel and Second Battle of the Marne and with 79th and the 2nd Infantry Divisions during Meuse-Argonne Offensive. Their first-hand observations of troop performance in combat helped improve the AEF training system.
For their service in France, Fiske was decorated with Army Distinguished Service Medal based on the recommendation of General Pershing and also received several foreign decorations of Allied nations: Legion of Honour, rank Commander, French Croix de Guerre with Palm by the Government of France, the Order of Leopold from Belgium, and the Order of the Crown of Italy.
Postwar career
Fiske returned to the United States in August 1919 and reverted to their peacetime rank of Major along with hundreds of other officers. They were appointed an instructor at the Army Infantry School at Fort Benning, Georgia and few months later was promoted again to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Upon the appointment of General Pershing as Chief of Staff of the United States Army in July 1921, Fiske was transferred to the War Department General Staff and appointed a Chief of the Training Section. They were promoted again to the rank of brigadier general in 1922 and remained in that capacity until December 1924, when they were transferred to Fort Sam Houston, Texas for command of 4th Infantry Brigade as the part of 2nd Infantry Division.
In June 1927, they assumed command of 3rd Infantry Brigade, also part of 2nd Division and held that command until November that year, when they were attached to the staff of Fourth Corps Area with headquarters at Fort McPherson, Georgia. Fiske remained in that capacity until April 1930, when they assumed command of 87th Infantry Division, the Organized Reserve of Louisiana, Alabama, and Mississippi.
Fiske was ordered to the Panama Canal Zone in April 1931 and succeeded their West Point Classmate, Charles DuVal Roberts, as Commanding general, Panama Canal Division. In this capacity, they were responsible for the defense of the Atlantic Sector. They were promoted to major general in August 1933 and assumed command of Panama Canal Department. Fiske was responsible for the complete defense of the Panama Canal Zone and got into conflict with Nelson Rounsevell, a controversial editor of the Panama American Newspaper and advisor to Panamian President Arnulfo Arias.
Rounsevell claimed that harsh command style of Colonel James V. Heidt, Commander of Fort Clayton, forced four men to suicide. Fiske as Heidt's direct superior officer subsequently pressed charges of criminal libel and Rounsevell was arrested and then released on 2,500 $ Bond. Rounsevell was acquitted and given suspended sentence in order to deny the martyrdom they may have sought. It is not known, whether this case had impact on Fiske, however they retired from active duty on November 30, 1935, completing 38 years of commissioned service.
Retirement
Following their retirement from the Army, Fiske settled in San Diego, California and was active in several retired officers associations. They died on May 1, 1960 and was buried with full military honors at Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery. Their wife, Lucy Beatrice Keyes (1874-1954) is buried beside him. They had two daughters: Virginia, a wife of Major general Thomas S. Timberman and Berenice.
Decorations
Here is Major general Fiske's ribbon bar:
See also
American Expeditionary Forces
References
Bibliography
1871 births
1960 deaths
United States Army Infantry Branch personnel
People from Salem, Oregon
People from San Diego
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army generals
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre 1914–1918 (France)
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Commanders of the Order of the Crown (Belgium)
Recipients of Italian civil awards and decorations
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army Command and General Staff College alumni
United States Army War College alumni
Military personnel from Oregon
Bess Kargman is an American filmmaker and director, most famous for their 2011 film First Position.
Early life
Kargman grew up in Brookline, Massachusetts with two siblings, Harry and Sophie. They studied at Boston Ballet for almost a decade and attended the Shady Hill School. They stopped ballet and began playing competitive ice hockey. They attended high school at Concord Academy in Concord, Massachusetts before studying fine arts and playing varsity ice hockey at Amherst College.
Career
After graduating from Amherst, Kargman moved to New York City, where they earned their real estate license and took night classes in op-ed writing. In 2006, they published their first op-ed in The Washington Post and later enrolled in Columbia University School of Journalism, where they earned a concentration in documentary and new media studies.
After they graduated from journalism school, the recession hit and Kargman worked as an unpaid intern at a production company, where they found their inspiration for their future film, First Position. To create the film, they started their own production company and hired a crew.
First Position
For First Position, Kargman spent over a year following six young ballet dancers from around the world as they prepared for the 2010 Youth America Grand Prix finals in New York City. The documentary was picked up by Sundance Selects/IFC Films and premiered at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival and later in nearly 200 theaters. First Position was a hit among film critics, at film festivals, and with audiences, and it has won various awards, including both the Audience Award and Best New Director at the Portland International Film Festival, the Audience Award at the Dallas International Film Festival, and the Jury Prize at the San Francisco Documentary Film Festival. It received 93% on Rotten Tomatoes.
COACH
In 2013, Kargman directed and edited an ESPN Films documentary short COACH about legendary Rutgers University women's basketball coach C. Vivian Stringer as a part of ESPN's "Nine for IX" series, for which Whoopi Goldberg served as executive producer. COACH won Best Documentary Short at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival and received a nomination for a Sports Emmy.
Other projects
Kargman has directed and/or created documentary shorts for Teen Vogue, PBS, Major League Soccer, National Public Radio, and the NBC Olympics. They also direct commercials and creates content for companies around the world.
Kargman was selected as a fellow for the American Film Showcase, a program for the U.S. Department of State, to represent the United States.
Awards
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Massachusetts
American filmmakers
American directors
Columbia University School of General Studies alumni
Shady Hill School alumni
Ribs & Burgers is an Australian gourmet fast food restaurant chain founded in 2011 by Bradley Michael and Chad Rahme. The menu includes a range of classic-style burgers and other food items. which also owns other restaurants around Australia.
As of 2018, Ribs & Burgers has 17 restaurants around Australia - nine in New South Wales, four in Victoria, three in Queensland and two in Western Australia. They also have a restaurant in Teddington, UK, and one in Pretoria, South Africa.
In 2016, in response to a craze of ‘unusual' burgers, Ribs & Burgers launched a ‘Mutant Burger' - an electric blue-coloured burger.
References
External links
Fast casual restaurants
Hamburger restaurants
Barbecue restaurants
Restaurant chains in Australia
Tullycraft released the 1st String Teenage High 7" EP on the German label Little Teddy Recordings in 1996. The four songs were exclusive, but reappeared on The Singles CD released in 1999. The songs were recorded and mixed at Yoyo Studios in Olympia, Washington.
Track listing
A1 1st String Teenage High
A2 Not Quite Burning Bridges
B1 Piano Lessons For Beauty Queens
B2 Stay Cool I'll See You This Summer
Personnel
Sean Tollefson – vocals, bass
Jeff Fell – drums
Gary Miklusek – guitar, backing vocals
Pat Maley – production, audio engineering
Aaron Gorseth – production assistance
References
Strong, M. C. (2003). The Great Indie Discography (2nd Edition) pg. 1041. Published by Canon Books Ltd. (US/CAN) .
Discogs . 1st String Teenage High. Retrieved on November 15, 2008.
1990 EPs
Rudolfin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Antaeotricha affinis is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Brazil (Amazonas) and the Guianas.
The wingspan is 18–19 mm. The forewings are white, partially faintly tinged with fuscous and dark fuscous markings. There is a small spot on the base of the costa, a small subbasal dash in the middle, and a short subbasal mark on the dorsum, followed by some fuscous suffusion on the dorsal half, as well as three oblique lines, the first two irregular, followed by more or less fuscous suffusion towards the dorsum, the first from a short elongate mark above the middle at one-fifth to the middle of the dorsum, the second from the middle of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum, the third from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus, slightly indented above the middle, somewhat curved below this. There are eight marginal dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are whitish, becoming light grey towards the apex and termen. The costa is rather expanded from the base to three-fourths.
References
Moths described in 1875
aerinotata
Moths of South America
The 2021–22 Central Connecticut Blue Devils men's basketball team represented Central Connecticut State University during the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Blue Devils were led by first-year head coach Patrick Sellers, and played their home games at the William H. Detrick Gymnasium in New Britain, Connecticut as members of the Northeast Conference.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Blue Devils finished the 2020–21 season, 5–16, 5–13 in NEC play to finish in last place. They failed to qualify for the NEC Tournament.
Roster
Schedule and results
NEC COVID-19 policy provided that if a team could not play a conference game due to COVID-19 issues within its program, the game would be declared a forfeit and the other team would receive a conference win. However, wins related to COVID-19 do not count pursuant to NCAA policy.
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NEC Tournament
Source
References
Central Connecticut Blue Devils men's basketball seasons
Central Connecticut Blue Devils
Central Connecticut Blue Devils men's basketball team
Central Connecticut Blue Devils men's basketball team
Phyllonorycter olivaeformis is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Maine, New York and Ohio in the United States.
The wingspan is about 6.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Carya illinoinensis. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an underside tentiform mine. Pupation takes place inside a black, frass-covered ovate cocoon
References
External links
Bug Guide
mothphotographersgroup
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
olivaeformis
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1908
American Fangs was a five-piece alternative rock band from Houston, Texas.
Background
The Fangs' all share one mother, yet were sired by the same father. Their first album, American Fangs EP, was released in January 2009, followed by their self-titled LP in May 2013 via In De Goot. The band later produced an EP titled Pomona and the full-length album Dirty Legs, released in 2015 through Best Before Records with tracks produced by Machine, recorded and mixed in Austin Texas.
Their single "Pomona" spent over a month in top give on Sirius XM Octane radio chart, peaking at #2. The "Pomona" music video featured on VEVO possesses over 62,000 views.
American Fangs opened for Deftones, Papa Roach, Fall Out Boy, Hollywood Undead, Middle Class Rut, Sevendust, and others.
The festivals that the band have performed on include Download Festival, SXSW, Ship Rocked, Rock on the Range, Carolina Rebellion, Rocklahoma, Free Press Summer Fest, KFMA Fall Ball, Festapalooza Shreveport.
Rocksound listed them as one of 'The 9 New Bands You Need In Your Life Right Now'
The group made news when a man claiming to be a vampire assaulted a member of the band during a May 2013 performance at the La Crosse Center and drove a barricade through a window of the tour bus, according to police reports.
Members
Gabriel “Bing Bong, take me out to dinner!” Cavazos - vocals
Micah Miller - drums
Kyle Shimek - bass, vocals
Kenyon Puntenney - guitar, vocals
Chris Goodwin - guitar, vocals
Discography
Dirty Legs (LP) (2015)
Self-Titled (LP) (2013)
Pomona (EP) (2013)
Self-Titled (EP) (2009)
References
Rock music groups from Texas
Musical groups established in 2008
Best Before Records artists
The 2011 Sparkassen Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 18th edition of the tournament which was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Braunschweig, Germany between June 26 and July 3, 2011.
ATP entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of June 20, 2011.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Jaan-Frederik Brunken
Thomas Muster
Cedrik-Marcel Stebe
Jan-Lennard Struff
The following players received entry as a special exemption into the singles main draw:
Jan Hájek
Björn Phau
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Victor Crivoi
Evgeny Donskoy
Dominik Meffert
Júlio Peralta
Champions
Singles
Lukáš Rosol def. Evgeny Donskoy, 7–5, 7–6(7–2)
Doubles
Martin Emmrich / Andreas Siljeström def. Olivier Charroin / Stéphane Robert, 0–6, 6–4, [10–7]
External links
Official Website
ITF Search
ATP official site
Sparkassen Open
2011 in German tennis
Sparkassen Open
The K platform may refer to:
Chrysler K platform, basis for the 1980s "K cars" and others
Toyota K platform, basis for the Camry, minivans, SUVs and luxury sedans
GM K platform (1980), FWD
GM K platform (1975), RWD
San Angelo Standard-Times is a daily newspaper based in San Angelo, Texas, United States that was established in 1884. It is owned by Gannett.
History
The newspaper was established in 1884 by J. G. Murphy, the city's second mayor. Mr. Murphy sold the paper in the 1920s to Houston H. Harte. In 1924, it became one of the two original flagships of the Harte-Hanks newspaper chain.
The San Angelo Standard-Times building was constructed in 1951, providing 38,000 square feet on two floors. In 1984, a rehabilitation project added another 10,000 square feet.
Scripps began operating the newspaper in 1997 after purchasing it from Harte-Hanks, and as of 2015, Scripps operates this newspaper through its subsidiary Journal Media Group. The newspaper and its reporters have won various journalism awards, including awards from the Associated Press of Texas, presented in 2015.
Alumni
The Western novelist Elmer Kelton began their career in 1948 as the farm-and-ranch editor at the Standard-Times.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Texas
Gannett publications
San Angelo, Texas
Mass media in San Angelo, Texas
Daily newspapers published in the United States
Publications established in 1884
1884 establishments in Texas
Kurt Eigenstiller (11 April 1928 – 11 July 2015) was an Austrian footballer. They played in one match for the Austria national football team in 1954.
References
External links
1928 births
2015 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
"Black Maps and Motel Rooms" is the seventh episode of the second season of the American anthology crime drama television series True Detective. It is the 15th overall episode of the series and was written by series creator Nic Pizzolatto, and directed by Daniel Attias. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on August 2, 2015.
The season is set in California, and focuses on three detectives, Ray Velcoro (Colin Farrell), Ani Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) and Paul Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch), from three cooperating police departments and a criminal-turned-business person named Frank Semyon (Vince Vaughn) as they investigate a series of crimes they believe are linked to the murder of a corrupt politician. In the episode, Velcoro, Bezzerides and Woodrugh use the information they obtained to finally connect all cases, while Semyon sets out to take care of their loyalties.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 2.18 million household viewers and gained a 1.0 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received very positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances, character development and ending.
Plot
After escaping from the mansion, Velcoro (Colin Farrell), Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams), Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch) and Vera (Miranda Rae Mayo) stay at a motel. Bezzerides is panicked after the events that they seek comfort in Velcoro, but they rebuff their advances. Velcoro and Woodrugh check the stolen documents, which link Catalast and McCandless (Jon Lindstrom) to Osip (Timothy V. Murphy). During this, Woodrugh is privately sent pictures of their sexual encounter with Miguel, via an unknown number.
Velcoro visits Semyon (Vince Vaughn) at their casino to disclose information on the people involved at the mansion, revealing Osip's role. Semyon in return reveals Irina's death and that they contacted a police officer for information. Velcoro meets with Davis (Michael Hyatt) to disclose the new information but is shocked to discover them dead. Woodrugh moves Emily (Adria Arjona) and Cynthia (Lolita Davidovich) out of the city while Bezzerides does the same with Athena (Leven Rambin) and Eliot (David Morse), putting them in care of Ilinca (Michael Irby). Bezzerides also asks Vera about the diamonds, where they identify some people involved for a woman being tortured at the shed in Guerneville.
Woodrugh retrieves information from the police department, discovering that Burris (James Frain) and Dixon were involved in meeting with Irina. They also discover that Bezzerides is wanted for questioning for killing the guard at the mansion and they later find that Velcoro is a suspect in Davis' murder. Using the information that Velcoro provided, Semyon brutally attacks Blake (Christopher James Baker), who confesses to conspiring with Osip and Tony Chessani but claims that no one knows who killed Caspere. They confess to killing Stan and reveals that Osip and McCandless are meeting at Ojai, where Osip will pay for Caspere's shares. They also warn them that they have bought the loyalty of all of their henchmen, with the exception of Nails (Chris Kerson) and offers to work as a double agent for him. Semyon is not interested and kills Blake.
Back at the motel room, Velcoro, Bezzerides and Woodrugh conclude that during the 1992 Los Angeles riots, Burris, Holloway (Afemo Omilami), Dixon and Caspere worked together to steal diamonds, which they used to buy into the Vinci power structure. This explains the supposed robbery at Caspere's house, as they were looking for the diamonds. However, they are still unsure on who killed Caspere; neither Burris, Holloway nor Dixon would do it as it would draw attention to them. Woodrugh is once again contacted by the stranger, claiming that they need to meet or they will leak the pictures, forcing them to leave the motel.
Semyon asks Jordan (Kelly Reilly) to pack their stuff and leave for now, with Nails accompanying them Semyon then starts getting money, tickets, new IDs, cars, and weapons, intending for them to flee to Venezuela. They also meet with Chessani (Ritchie Coster), informing them of Tony's partnership with Osip and McCandless.  They are also approached by Osip, who claims that they are buying the casino and offers them a position working for him, something that Semyon goes along with it. Later, Semyon evacuates the casino on a false alarm, kills one of Osip's guards and burns down the casino and some other properties.
Woodrugh informs Velcoro that they must deal with the blackmail and goes to the location, where Miguel (Gabriel Luna) leads them to meet Holloway, the person responsible for the blackmail.  They are led to a group of men from Black Mountain private security led by Holloway, who asks for the documents, to which they say they could call Velcoro to get them. As they try to call, they attack Holloway and holds them at gunpoint. They knock them out and starts running as their henchmen shoot at him. Back at the motel room, Velcoro and Bezzerides share their frustrations and they have sex.
Woodrugh evades some of the hitmen, killing all of them, using Miguel as a human shield. They use many routes to escape the location and get signal for the phone. Just as they are leaving, Burris shoots them in the back and then in the head, killing him. Burris then leaves on a car, leaving Woodrugh's corpse behind.
Production
Development
In June 2015, the episode's title was revealed as "Black Maps and Motel Rooms" and it was announced that series creator Nic Pizzolatto had written the episode while Daniel Attias had directed it. This was Pizzolatto's fifteenth writing credit, and Attias' first directing credit.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 2.18 million viewers, earning a 1.0 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale. This means that 1 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a 7% decrease from the previous episode, which was watched by 2.34 million viewers with a 1.0 in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"Black Maps and Motel Rooms" received very positive reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 84% approval rating for the episode, based on 25 reviews, with an average rating of 7.95/10. The site's consensus states: "Tense and tightly paced, 'Black Maps and Motel Rooms' finds the disparate -- and often vague -- strands of True Detective coming into sharper focus."
Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "great" 8.5 out of 10 and wrote in their verdict, "True Detective put the screws to our heroes this week, placing them, for the first time in this season, in the crosshairs of the various villains pulling the strings behind the scenes. Sure, they'd all stumbled before. But that was either due to their own personal demons or the half-season street shootout that was designed to cause chaos/upend their careers. Here, they were lost and scared. Scrambling to figure out their next move. And down came Paul, whose own dark private security past came back to find him."
Erik Adams of The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A-" grade and wrote, "True Detective season two wants you to be watching the whole chessboard at all times, but it's playing chess by mail — you have to wait at least seven days to find out what meaning (if any) the previous move had, and the entire game lasts two months. Unfortunately, it's only in the last two weeks that the show has delivered anything that makes the next move worth anticipating. With Ani and Ray on the lam, Paul potentially out of the picture, and Frank watching their world burn, 'Black Maps And Motel Rooms' sets up one explosive checkmate."
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote, "For a while, I've just been waiting for the story to end so we can move onto the next season in the hopes that the show can rebound. This episode doesn't retroactively fix the myriad issues with the earlier episodes, but it at least has me curious to see the conclusion of the story for its own sake, and not simply as an excuse to be done with it." Gwilym Mumford of The Guardian wrote, "The jittery momentum builds as the series's climax comes into view, and at last we actually care about the fates of our true detectives." Ben Travers of IndieWire gave the episode a "B+" grade and wrote, "There's plenty of ground to cover in Episode 8. Hopefully it will be done with a similar sense of urgency."
Darren Franich of Entertainment Weekly wrote, "My new theory is that True Detective season 2 isn't a failed drama. It's successful pro-drug propaganda. The subtext to every episode is: 'Look how much more interesting these boring people are when they take drugs!'" Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine wrote, "The problem with mysteries, especially fair-play ones, is that if you've paid close enough attention and solved it ahead of schedule, then a table-setting episode like 'Black Maps and Hotels Rooms', in which characters constantly explain how the pieces fit together, is nothing short of irritating. That's because solving a jigsaw puzzle, for instance, can never be as satisfying as the act of physically putting it together. That, of course, is just one perspective, and the real heart of the episode comes from the constant reminder that we all have different needs and wants."
Kenny Herzog of Vulture gave the episode a 4-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "At least we'll all know soon enough what everyone on this hotly debated True Detective season takes with them and leaves behind, now that only one chapter remains." Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode a perfect 5-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "'Black Maps and Motel Rooms' was a dense and satisfying and upheld the HBO tradition that no one is safe on their series. The true detectives on True Detective follow black maps and real estate contracts as they untangle an intensely complicated web of intrigue that led to a fairly simple crime: A 23-year old robbery and double homicide."
Carissa Pavlica of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 3-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "If you were holding your breath, hoping that 'Black Maps and Motel Rooms' was going to raise the stakes and lead us into one hell of a finale, you were sadly mistaken. It was a swing and a miss this season, drama fans. We already knew that, but it's in our nature to hold out hope until the final inning, isn't it? Sorry, waiting for the finale isn't going to cut it. This was the make it or break it installment, and since they were still introducing new elements of the 'mystery' that only made things more confusing, I'm cutting my losses." Shane Ryan gof Paste gave the episode a 9.1 out of 10 and wrote, "Call it hope, and 'Black Maps and Hotel Rooms' was the episode where our hope paid off."
References
External links
"Black Maps and Motel Rooms" at HBO
2015 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Dan Attias
Television episodes written by Nic Pizzolatto
True Detective episodes
The Australian Autogyro Company was an Australian aircraft manufacturer founded by Ted Minty in Turramurra, New South Wales to market the Skyhook autogyro of their design. Aircraft were offered in kit form, or fully assembled.
References
Popular Rotorcraft Association website
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of Australia
The red-headed manakin (Ceratopipra rubrocapilla) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
red-headed manakin
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
red-headed manakin
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Vichy Springs, California may refer to several places:
Vichy Springs, Mendocino County, California
Vichy Springs, Napa County, California
Pomasia sparsata is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in India.
References
Moths described in 1902
Eupitheciini
José Alfredo Lorente Castillo (born January 27, 1994, in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico), better known as "José Alfredo", is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter. Today their popularity has been increasing in Puerto Rico, Spain, Argentina, México, Venezuela and Brazil. They have become a singer of promise for the country's artistic class.
Life and music career
José Alfredo Castillo Lorente was born on January 27, 1994 in Mayaguez, Puerto Rico, although most of their growth has lived in San Germán, Puerto Rico with their parents José Lorente Plaza and Cesian Castillo. Since their childhood José Alfredo has the support of their parents. At the beginning of their studies was part of their school choir, also participated in several singing competitions throughout the island. José Alfredo was a member of the band "Secret Files" and being a participant in this experience defined them as the lead singer they are today. Among their most popular songs are "Mirame Bien", "Como Estas", "Autosuficiente" and "Bumbeo".
2009–2010: Relay for Life: Tour por la vida
For several months, Jose Alfredo has offered their talents in a series of concerts for American Cancer Society in the events of "Relay for Life" in Puerto Rico, for patients with cancer and other conditions. This platform can see the quality that identifies a human artist. On Saturday May 8, 2010, Paquito Montaner Stadium in Ponce, Puerto Rico, came singing songs of their own "Fuera de Control" and "Casanova" as part of "Relay for Life Tour."
2010–2011: "¿Cómo Estás?" and "Valiente"
After achieving popularity in the concert for Relay for Life Tour throughout Puerto Rico, José Alfredo knew how it feels to hear their voice on the radio to tune in Argentina, Brazil and Spain, three countries whom they sent their first single "¿Cómo Estás?" without expectation of support. In the summer of 2010, "¿Cómo Estás?" came to be in the Top 5 of "Conéctate FM" station in Spain and the Top 20 of "Radio CAN" station in Perú.
"¿Cómo Estás?" composed by José Alfredo, is a fresh and youthful theme that stands out among the musical genres of Pop / Rock. The single is produced by Alex J. Luciano at VM MUSIC studio in Añasco, Puerto Rico. Jose Alfredo released "Como Estas?" on sale via iTunes on July 14, 2010. Now, José recorded their first studio album. "Valiente", released in CD and digital formats. "Valiente" cataloged as an EP had five songs all written by Jose Alfredo. With the release of "Valiente" Jose Alfredo debuted at No. 20 on Amazon most selling albums. With their second single "Mirame Bien" they charted on billboard and got good positions on local radio stations. On summer of 2012 a strong rumour about a special edition of "Valiente" was circulating all around the press, this alternative version was called "Mas Valiente" but never got a release date. By the end of 2012 Jose Alfredo released a new version of "Caotico" but it didn't have success because of the radical change of style the song had.
2014: "Hay Otros Mundos Pero Estan En Mi Cabeza"
After all the popularity Jose Alfredo Got with their past two singles they decided to call it a wrap with their first album and start working
on the next one. Jose Alfredo confirmed on their Twitter account that they were working with Siko Ruiz (Producer From Spain) on their next album. The first single from this album was "Autosuficiente" gaining a lot of popularity in Puerto Rico and South America. "Me Enamoré" was the second single of this album and got was released on two versions (pop & Latin). "Hay Otros Mundos Pero Estan En Mi Cabeza" was released May 27, 2014 in physical and digital format and it debuted at No. 14 on the top 50 album sells of the week in Puerto Rico. The album includes a collaboration with the Mexican superstar Martin Ricca named "Hoy Gano Yo". In September of that year José Alfredo released the third single of this album called "Mariposas de Papel". The song debuted at No. 8 in the music charts in Venezuela. In 2015 Jose Alfredo released the last single of this album "Fugitivos", with the winner of the third season of Idol Puerto Rico, Marileyda Hernandez.
2016: "Bumbeo and No Quiero Mas Regalos"
Jose Alfredo announced on their social networks that they got signed with the label Planeta Mix Records. Later the announced the release of the single "Bumbeo", that got released on March 30, 2016. On October 7, 2016 Jose Alfredo released a "Greatest hits" album titled "Trayectoria" which features songs from "Valiente" and "Hay Otros Mundos Pero Estan En Mi Cabeza", also the album included new tracks as "Bumbeo" and "Toda La Noche". By the end of November Jose Alfredo announced a collaboration with Fundacion CAP in Puerto Rico to raise money for kids with cancer. Later that year Jose Alfredo released "No Quiero Mas Regalos" as a christmas single in benefit of Fundacion CAP.
2018: "T.R.E.S"
Jose Alfredo returned to the music after a two years hiatus of the music industry. They released the single "Dejame Entrar", as the first single of the album "T.R.E.S. "Dejame Entrar" gained a lot of popularity in Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, countries that Jose Alfredo visited to promote this record. The second single of "T.R.E.S" , "Lobo" was released in June and was followed by the release of the single "Polos Opuestos". "T.R.E.S" is the third studio album of Jose Alfredo and was recorded in Spain and Puerto Rico. Siko Ruiz produced the album and co-wrote some of the tracks with Jose Alfredo.
2019 - 2021: Hierba Mala
After a brief recess in the music business after their grandmother passed away, Jose Alfredo released "Cataclismo" as the first single of their upcoming fourth studio album. With this release the artist has been very active in different LGBTTQI activities. They celebrated the release of this single in the Pride event in San Juan, Puerto Rico; performing "Cataclismo" for the first time and a bunch of other hits of previous albums. In January 2020 Jose Alfredo joined Natalia Lugo and Marileyda to release a charity single in benefit of the Rayito de Esperanza Foundation. The single named "Yo Llegaré" gained a lot of mediatic attention and was supported by a heavy promotion plan. Later on Jose Alfredo announced the release of their new single dedicated to their grandmother "Mimi", "Alguien Cuida De Mi".
In the beginning of 2021 José Alfredo, announced the release of their sophomore album "Hierba Mala", that debuted on the 8th place on the best selling latin albums in Puerto Rico and USA.
Discography
Studio albums
2010: Valiente
2014: Hay otros mundos pero estan en mi cabeza
2018: T.R.E.S
2021: Hierba Mala
Compilations
2016: "Trayectoria"
Singles
2010: "¿Cómo Estás?"
2011: "Mirame Bien (Tu Infiel)"
2014: "Autosuficiente"
2014: "¡Me Enamoré!"
2014: "¡Me Enamoré!" (Latin Version) (Spain)
2014: "Mariposas de Papel"
2015: "Hoy Gano Yo" feat. Martin Ricca (Mexico)
2015: "Toda La Noche" feat. Siko Ruiz (Spain)
2015: "Fugitivos" feat. Marileyda
2016: "Bumbeo"
2016: "No Quiero Mas Regalos"
2017: "Si Me Besas" feat. Valeria Cid
2018: "Déjame Entrar"
2018: "Lobo"
2018: "Polos Opuestos"
2019: Cataclismo
2020: "Yo Llegaré" feat. Natalia Lugo & Marileyda
2020: "Alguien Cuida De Mi"
2020: "Escudo"
2021: "Hierba Mala"
2021: "El no soy yo"
2021: "Semaforo"
2022: "Imperfecto"
2022: "Houdini"
Collaborations
2014: "¡Me Enamoré!" feat. Siko Ruiz
2015: "Hoy Gano Yo" feat. Martin Ricca
2015: "Toda La Noche" feat. Siko Ruiz
2015: "Fugitivos" feat. Marileyda
2017: "Si Me Besas" feat. Valeria Cid
2018: "La Tormenta" feat. Janina
2020: "Yo Llegaré" feat. Natalia Lugo & Marileyda
2020: "Muévelo" feat. Danny Gonzalez
Videography
2011: "¿Cómo Estás?"
2012: "Mirame Bien (Tu Infiel)"
2013: "Autosuficiente"
2014: "¡Me Enamoré!"
2014: "Mariposas de Papel"
2015: "Hoy Gano Yo" feat. Martin Ricca
2015: "Fugitivos" feat. Marileyda
2016: "Bumbeo"
2016: "No Quiero Mas Regalos"
2017: "Si Me Besas" feat. Valeria Cid
2018: "Déjame Entrar"
2018: "Lobo"
2018: "Polos Opuestos"
2019: Cataclismo
2020: "Yo Llegaré" feat. Natalia Lugo & Marileyda
2020: "Alguien Cuida De Mi"
2020: "Escudo"
2021: "Hierba Mala"
2021: "El no soy yo"
2021: "Semaforo"
2022: "Imperfecto"
2022: "Houdini"
References
1994 births
Living people
21st-century Puerto Rican male singers
People from Mayagüez, Puerto Rico
Dekker Dreyer (born November 16, 1980) is an American filmmaker, artist, and composer also known as Phantom Astronaut.  They are a prominent creator in virtual and augmented reality.
Personal life
Dreyer was born on November 16, 1980 in Daytona Beach, Florida.
Virtual and Augmented Reality
Dreyer has been called a VR pioneer by both Entrepreneur and MovieMaker.  They are considered a prominent artist in immersive media and created the VR / AR Producing course at Columbia College Chicago Online. At the studio they co-founded, Clever Fox, they created and directed two of the first scripted original series in VR, The Depths and Broadcast. They have also created XR experiences for musical artists Bootsy Collins, Devo and Disturbed.
Their augmented reality live experience The Summoning has been called a "First of its kind" by UploadVR and received wide recognition for its innovative use of technology and creativity. Subsequent projects include the collaborative storytelling project What We Leave Behind.
In 2019 they released Lucid, an immersive visual album, under their Phantom Astronaut persona. Good Men Project said of it, "The experience evokes a mash-up of Twin Peaks and 2001 with a Sigur Ros soundtrack produced and remixed by Massive Attack."
Film and Television
Dekker's work in independent film began when their short Closed Circuit, commissioned by Miramax to accompany the feature Naqoyqatsi, was shown at the 2002 Slamdance Film Festival. Their first documentary film, the free-form Three Days in Orlando showcased the friction both inside and out facing the yearly Gay Days event in Orlando Florida through a series of intimate profiles. Their experimental feature, made from ten episodic installments, The Arcadian starring Lance Henriksen with the music of Perturbator has released on collector's edition VHS and digital download with special international midnight screenings.  They are also a music video director, their work includes Mystery Skulls official music video for the single Music and Snowblood's "I'm Ready". They collaborated again with Mystery Skulls in 2022 to create holographic visuals for the "Beam Me Up" Tour.
In 2007 they and their partners launched the Illusion On-Demand network, a science fiction channel with a large national footprint. They soon took on the duty of creative director and brought both anime and sci-fi classics like Doctor Who to the network. Dekker produced many of the original programs that appeared on Illusion including Analog presents: The Science of Fiction in partnership with Analog Science Fiction and Fact. They would later expand the channel's holdings by launching the short-lived anthology magazine Transmitter
From 2012 to 2016 they were part of Participant Media's online video arm at Takepart.com and on the launch team for their cable television network Pivot. Participant Media is widely known to produce content dealing with the subjects of climate change, journalistic ethics, and social justice.
Dreyer has spoken at events such as The Cannes Film Festival and Sundance.
Film and Media Festivals
Dreyer returned to the Slamdance Film Festival as a jurist in 2016. That same year they were a major supporter of the organization's DIG (Digital, Interactive, and Gaming) showcase. In 2018 they took on the role of organizer and co-curator of the DIG program. Dreyer was also the founder of the touring animation festival Anime After Dark which kicked off with presenting the official 20th anniversary event for Grave of the Fireflies which had a digital conversion overseen by Dreyer.
Writing
Dreyer is the author of the short story anthologies, Cyberpunk is Dead: Long Live Cyberpunk, Dark Astronomy, Body Horrors, Demonology Lessons, and the novella The Tea Goddess.  They are credited as having coined the term ecopunk in 2010, being one of the first authors in the genre which is now widely accepted as Solarpunk. In comics, Dekker is a writer and illustrator, Their work includes Mondo Atomic, which retells the stories of Plan 9 from Outer Space, Robot Monster, and other B movies in a contemporary way.
 They are an outspoken essayist on the topics of human rights, race, sexual identity, and alternative economic models. Their horror comic anthology Seven Deadly Sins critique the role of technology in modern society.
Experimental Art
Dekker is a visual artist working in physical, digital, and non-conventional mediums. Their work has been included in numerous pop culture shows in the Los Angeles art scene most notably associated with the venue Meltdown Comics.
Dekker's experiential projects combine immersive theatricality, dining, and absurdist cultural commentary. These projects include the restaurant Kaiju Sushi which was located in the shark attack capital of the world. Dreyer and their partner Julia Howe proclaimed that any person coming to the pop-up restaurant with proof that they were attacked by sharks would get free sushi resulting in national coverage and raised awareness for ecological conservation. and L'Aldila, a supernatural restaurant in the heart of Cassadaga, Florida where patrons were encouraged to commune with the dead during their meals.
Their live event series Movie Cult, encourages audience participation around forgotten VHS movies.
Dreyer teamed up with their wife to produce the art meme project Tentacle Grape to bring awareness to a rising tide of misogyny in pop culture in an era predating Gamergate and related movements. The project, presented as a regular product, drew controversy about the brand's packaging and message. Although controversial, the product was overwhelmingly popular leading to Cracked naming it #4 on their list of "Horrifying Soft Drinks Around the World". The unexpected popularity of the product lead to a backlog prompting watchdog site The Consumerist to question the existence of the soda. A retraction was subsequently published.
Hosting
From 2017 to 2018 Dreyer was the co-host of the podcast The Future is Virtual from Embolden Entertainment (later Zero Gravity). The show was unique in that it was live streamed as a simulcast to AltspaceVR, Twitch, and Facebook 360. In 2015 Dreyer was featured on TV Tokyo's television series Why Did You Come to Japan. They and their wife Julia took the audience on a tour of Tokyo's Golden Gai nightlife.
Music
Dreyer is known musically as the Phantom Astronaut and their first EP, Lucid, was released in 2019 as a virtual reality visual album with Good Men Project calling it, "The experience evokes a mash-up of Twin Peaks and 2001 with a Sigur Ros soundtrack produced and remixed by Massive Attack".
Phantom Astronaut's Gravity + Time (2020) explores genetic history and their Forbidden Science of the Western States Album (2021) explores atomic-age paranoia through environmental samples.
Phantom Astronaut's next major project is the visual album Hidden Children (2021). Filmed on location in Iceland, the EP tells the story of a pair of nature spirits exploring the human world and the choices that come with mortality.
Dreyer works with Danish American ambient and Nordic folk musician The Seawolf and appears on their EP Ginnungagap.
References
External links
Official Dekker Dreyer website
1980 births
Living people
American television producers
American television writers
American male television writers
The A64 is a major road in North and West Yorkshire, England, which links Leeds, York and Scarborough. The A64 starts as the A64(M) ring road motorway in Leeds, then towards York it becomes a high-quality dual carriageway until it is east of York, where it becomes a single carriageway for most of its route to Scarborough.
The road approximates a section of the old Roman road running from Chester to Bridlington, intersecting Ermine Street – the Old North Road – at York.
Route
Leeds-York
The road begins in Leeds as the motorway A64(M) at Richmond Hill and the Woodpecker Junction, and close to the West Yorkshire Playhouse and the NHS's imposing Quarry House. It leads onto the York Road, passing All Saints Richmond Hill CE Primary School where there is a flyover for Lupton Avenue, and a left turn for the B6159 Harehills Lane near the Victoria Primary School. At Killingbeck, the A63 forks to the right at its western terminus. It passes Asda on the left, with the Killingbeck Retail Park, and Seacroft Hospital on the right. It meets Foundry Lane and Cross Gates Road at a roundabout next to Killingbeck police station. It meets, and overlaps with, the Leeds Outer Ring Road (A6120) at a roundabout near Swarcliffe next to St Theresa's RC Primary School, and at Seacroft there is a roundabout where the A64 leaves to the right, with the Ramada Leeds North hotel to the east.
At Arthursdale it passes over the former Wetherby - Cross Gates railway line. At Saw Wood it is crossed by the Leeds Country Way. The section from Leeds to Bramham was scheduled for improvement in two stages, but this was cancelled in the mid-1980s. Just before junction 45 of the A1(M), the road enters North Yorkshire, and the district of Selby. At the Bramham Moor Interchange there are access roads to Aberford and Bramham (former A1). Where the road meets the A1, it used to pass unhindered as a dual carriageway, but since the motorway section of the A1(M) was opened on 4 February 1999, the road now has a roundabout. East of the junction at Stutton with Hazlewood, the Roman Ridge joins the road, which the A64 follows until the Tadcaster bypass. The £8.9 million dual carriageway Tadcaster Bypass opened in September 1978. The A659 (former route of the A64 through Tadcaster) is to the left, with University of Leeds Headley Hall Farm to the west. On the bypass there is a junction for the A162 (for Towton) near Stutton.
It crosses the River Wharfe south of the breweries of Samuel Smith and John Smith. Near to the right is Oxton Hall, home of Humphrey Smith. At Oxton the road rejoins the former route. On the eastbound side is the Total Bilbrough Filling Station, with the York East former Little Chef and Travelodge at the point where the Roman road (and Ebor Way) join from the west, briefly following the road. In February 2004, work began on a new £11 million flyover at the Colton Lane/Bilbrough Top junction, allowing for the closing of the central reserve. The central reserve had long been an accident blackspot, and residents of the local villages had campaigned for its closure. The flyover was opened on 9 June 2005 by Dr Stephen Ladyman. The BP Bilbrough Top Service Station on the west-bound side was built as well, with a McDonald's. At the turn-off for Askham Richard, the road enters the City of York next to the Buckles Inn. On the left is Askham Bryan College (agricultural), then Copmanthorpe is on the right, followed by Bishopthorpe (where the Archbishop of York lives). There is a junction for York's northern bypass (A1237), which was built in the late 1980s, and on the left is Pike Hills golf club and Askham Bogs nature reserve where the road is followed by NCN 66. The East Coast Main Line (Selby Diversion) passes under the A1036 junction for York to the left. To the east of the junction, the former ECML (through Selby, now NCN 65) is crossed, south of York College. The road then crosses the River Ouse. The £12 million dual carriageway York Bypass opened in April 1976. It passes under the B1222 and meets the A19 at the Fulford Interchange, near the headquarters of Persimmon plc, and is crossed by the Minster Way, then the Wilberforce Way.
York-Scarborough
It passes close to the University of York, near the busy A1079 Hull road/A166 junction in Dunnington. The University is now much closer to the bypass due to its new Heslington East campus, and the Grimston Bar Park and Ride is accessed from the same junction. At Murton it crosses the Derwent Valley Light Railway. The York bypass terminates at the Hopgrove Roundabout (named after the nearby Hopgrove pub) in Stockton-on-the-Forest with the A1036 (former route) and A1237 near Forest Park golf club. This roundabout has lengthy queues at peak time, and is scheduled to eventually become a grade separated junction. Going east in the direction of Scarborough, it passes the Highwayman cafe on the left, and the Vertigrow Garden Centre, close to where the former York to Beverley Line crossed. Next is the Four Alls Inn at Stockton-on-the-Forest, followed by The Tanglewood. At the turn-off for Sand Hutton is an agricultural research laboratory (Food and Environment Research Agency), where the road enters the district of Ryedale and re-enters North Yorkshire. It passes Claxton Hall and a right turn for Claxton, and left turn for Flaxton.
At Harton there is the former Malton Little Chef on the left, opposite the Gulf Coastways Service Station at Flaxton, just after a turn-off to the right for Harton. There is a dual carriageway section near Barton-le-Willows which includes Barton Hill, a steep section just before Whitwell-on-the-Hill, crossing the York to Scarborough Line. From here to Malton, the road follows the River Derwent (former boundary between the North and East ridings). It passes through Crambeck, where it is crossed by the Centenary Way and there is a right turn for High Hutton at Huttons Ambo. The road and avenue towards Castle Howard, including the Yorkshire Arboretum, are here on the left. The £8.2 million dual carriageway Malton Bypass opened in December 1978. The former route is the B1257 and B1248. There is an intersection with the A169 (for Pickering, Whitby and the North York Moors) near Eden Camp Museum. The bypass crosses the River Derwent and the railway. It meets the former route at Scagglethorpe. Before Scagglethorpe village, the road has been improved to the north to reduce curvature. The single carriageway sections of this road are dangerous, and local people hope for a new dual carriageway. There are plans for a bypass of Rillington. In Rillington it passes The Fleece and the Coach and Horses. There is a left turn for Scampston. At West Knapton there is a left turn for the B1258. It passes through West Heslerton and East Heslerton, then passes the Snooty Fox. In Sherburn it passes the East Riding. Sherburn was formerly in the (historic) East Riding, being south of the Derwent. East of the village is the large Atlas Ward Structures factory.
At Ganton it passes the Greyhound. To the south, the road follows the northern edge of the Yorkshire Wolds. At Willerby, it meets the B1249 from the south. At neighbouring Staxton it meets the A1039 for Filey. On top of the hill to the south is RAF Staxton Wold, a radar station. A three-mile Staxton Diversion has been planned. The road passes the Hare and Hounds and the Shell Staxton and a mile northwards from the A1039 roundabout, it follows the district boundary with Scarborough, across the River Hertford. The two-mile £7 million single carriageway Seamer and Crossgates Bypass opened in February 1988. It leaves the former route (B1261) at a roundabout, following the railway to Scarborough. It crosses the Yorkshire coastline to Filey, next to Seamer Junction where both lines meet for Scarborough, and passes Seamer railway station. There is a roundabout for Eastfield and the B1261. There is the TOTAL Musham Bank Service Station on the left. Near Oliver's Mount, there is a right turn for the B1427. The route travels through the Edgehill and Falsgrave areas of the town, passing the Lidl supermarket and Seamer Road Retail Park. The A64 ends at the junction with the A165, outside Scarborough railway station and the Stephen Joseph Theatre
Junctions
A64(M)
The A64(M), together with the A58(M), form a ring road around city centre of Leeds. It was built as an extension from the existing ring road, to relieve Leeds from severe traffic congestion. The motorway section of the ring road forms a semicircle around the north of the city centre. It is classified as a motorway to prohibit certain types of traffic and pedestrians but is not designed to modern motorway standards: it has no hard shoulders and many exits are unsuitable for a true motorway, including a right-side (fast lane) slip road exit. Most of it runs in a concrete-walled cutting, but it goes into a tunnel under the Leeds General Infirmary. The motorway cuts through inner-city neighbourhoods such as Woodhouse, Sheepscar, and Buslingthorpe, forming an important link in the road network by allowing traffic from the A65, A660, A58, A61 and A64 to bypass the city centre completely.
Proposed improvements
The Roads for Prosperity white paper, published by the Department for Transport in 1989, included proposals to upgrade the section between the north-eastern end of the York bypass at Hopgrove and the start of the Malton bypass to dual carriageway. This would have run on the existing road alignment. Shortly after, the Department for Transport published proposals to build a new road between the eastern end of the Malton bypass and the then recently completed Seamer bypass. The plan was for the new road to run parallel to the York to Scarborough railway and would have been to the north of the existing road. Most of the road would have been built as a dual carriageway, apart from the most easterly section. The existing route would have become a local access road. Detailed work was undertaken in the early 1990s but both proposals were shelved in the late 1990s and have not been subsequently reinvestigated.
Incidents
On 7 June 1992, Special Police Constable Glenn Goodman, was shot by the IRA near to Tadcaster on the A64. PC Goodman and their partner had stopped the car that the IRA men were travelling in as a routine stop and search inquiry. When they became suspicious and radioed for back up, the occupants of the detained car opened fire. PC Goodman was seriously injured and died later in hospital; their partner, PC Sandy Kelly was seriously injured but later recovered. Both police officers were not armed at the time of the incident. The IRA gunmen who shot the two PC's escaped and after a manhunt were later imprisoned and then released under the Good Friday Agreement.
A memorial to PC Goodman was erected near to where they fell at the junction of Station Road and Wetherby Road in Tadcaster.
References
External links
Roman Roads in Britain (large map, recommended that this is opened in a separate window)
SABRE
Passing through Ryedale
Tornado near the road in 2005.
Transport in West Yorkshire
Transport in North Yorkshire
Roads in Yorkshire
Transport in Leeds
Transport in York
Zeritis is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Afrotropical realm.
Species
The genus includes the following species:
Zeritis aurivillii Schultze, 1908
Zeritis fontainei Stempffer, 1956
Zeritis krystyna D'Abrera, 1980
Zeritis neriene Boisduval, [1836]
Zeritis pulcherrima Aurivillius, 1923
Zeritis sorhagenii (Dewitz, 1879)
External links
"Zeritis Boisduval, [1836]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Aphnaeinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jean Baptiste Boisduval
Carmen Justice Hadley (born Carmen B Justice, July 15, 1991) known professionally as Carmen Justice is an Alternative Pop recording artist and singer songwriter. They were first known as a member of Christian contemporary, power pop/pop rock band 1 Girl Nation (also known as 1GN) before leaving the group and launching a solo career in 2017.
Musical career
In 2012, Justice joined 1 Girl Nation along with other band members Lauryn Taylor Bach, Lindsey Adamec, Kayli Robinson, and Kelsey Grimm. In June 2013, the band was signed to Reunion Records, and released their self-titled debut album on August 20, 2013. The album charted at No. 11 and No. 9 on the Top Christian Albums and the Top Heatseekers Albums charts respectively, for the Billboard charting week of September 7, 2013. On December 14, 2013, Billboard charts the album was the No. 2 Heatseekers Albums. 1 Girl Nation was nominated for a Dove Award at the 47th Annual GMA Dove Awards for Best New Artist in 2014. In 2015, the band changed their name to 1GN and released their follow-up album, Unite, on April 15, 2016. In January 2017, it was announced that the band had split.
In 2017, it was announced that Justice would release their first solo single "Flaming Arrows" on January 20, 2017. Justice wrote and recorded the song "Flaming Arrows" days after 1 Girl Nation split. The song was written with Keithon Stribling and Jordan Stribling and was mixed/mastered by Jake Hartsfield. On January 6, 2017, CCM Magazine exclusively announced Justice was leaving 1 Girl Nation and pursuing a solo career. In an interview with New Release Today, Justice said that they are planning to release their debut EP in the fall of 2017. On February 24, 2017, Justice released a remix of "Flaming Arrows" produced by David Thulin.
On June 2, 2017, Carmen released their second single titled "Red & Yellow Black & White" (featuring GabeReal). The song featured a guest performance by GabeReal from TobyMac's Diverse City Band and was produced by David Thulin.
Personal life
Justice and their husband, Matt Hadley, were married on August 14, 2015, and live in Nashville, Tennessee.
Discography
Singles
"Flaming Arrows" (January 20, 2017; Independent)
"Flaming Arrows (David Thulin Remix)" (February 24, 2017)
"Red & Yellow Black & White" (featuring GabeReal) (June 2, 2017)
References
1991 births
Living people
Songwriters from Tennessee
People from Hendersonville, Tennessee
21st-century American singers
21st-century American women singers
Henry Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,175 people in the township, 743 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography
Located in the southern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Liberty Township - north
Portage Township - northeast corner
Bloom Township - east
Allen Township, Hancock County - southeast
Portage Township, Hancock County - south
Pleasant Township, Hancock County - southwest corner
Jackson Township - west
Milton Township - northwest
The village of North Baltimore is located in southeastern Henry Township.
Name and history
Henry Township was established in 1836, and named after Henry Shaw, a county official. It is the only Henry Township statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Mark Demesmaeker (; born 12 September 1958) is a Belgian TV journalist, newsreader and politician, affiliated to the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA).
Career
Demesmaeker was born in Halle, Flemish Brabant, and originally trained as a teacher, teaching the subjects Dutch, English and History. They later changed careers to journalism, becoming a reporter for a travel programme on the public broadcaster VRT in 1991. Shortly after, they moved to the commercial channel VTM, where they worked as a news presenter until 2004. Demesmaeker also created and presented the gardening programme Groene Vingers (Green Fingers).
They were elected as a member of the Flemish Parliament in 2004 and reelected in 2009. In 2013, Demesmaeker left the Flemish Parliament to replace Frieda Brepoels (who became mayor of Bilzen) as member of the European Parliament. They were directly elected in 2014 to keep this position.
In 2006, they were elected to the City Council of Halle and became alderman. In 2012, they were reelected with the most preference votes, but a coalition was formed without their party.
Following the resignation of Frieda Brepoels, who was elected to the post of mayor in Bilzen, Mark Demesmaeker joined the European Parliament as N-VA MEP in February 2013. They were replaced in the Flemish Parliament by Piet De Bruyn. From February 2013 until May 2014, they sat with the Group of the Greens and the European Free Alliance (a group made up of ecologists and moderate regionalist and independentist parties with a centrist or liberal outlook).
In the European elections of 2014, Demesmaeker was re-elected with a resounding majority with 125,000 preferential votes. The N-VA received the greatest share of votes across the Flanders region and had 4 MEPs elected to the European Parliament, the single largest amount of MEPs ever sent by one party in Flanders to the European Parliament. In June the party moved to the European Conservatives and Reformists group, where Demesmaeker is head of the N-VA delegation.
In May 2015, Demesmaeker was placed on Vladimir Putin's black list of “undesirables” on Russian territory, rendering travel to Russia impossible under the present regime, due to their support of Ukraine's role in the War in Donbass. In August 2015, Demesmaeker was decorated with the Order of Merit, III Class by the President of Ukraine, Petro Poroshenko, for their 'important contribution to strengthening the international authority of the Ukrainian state'.
In March 2018, the Belgian prosecutor's office opened an investigation into Demesmaeker, after being notified by the tax collection office of an unpaid debt of 540.000 EUR. which was not denied by Demesmaeker.
References
External links
Personal website
Member of the Flemish Parliament
External links
Belgian television journalists
Belgian television presenters
1958 births
Living people
People from Halle, Belgium
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Members of the Flemish Parliament
MEPs for Belgium 2014–2019
Belgian journalists
Male journalists
Flemish journalists
Articles containing video clips
Recipients of the Order of Merit (Ukraine), 3rd class
Robert Nathaniel Robinson (June 22, 1906 – February 23, 1994) was a Jamaican-born toolmaker who worked in the auto industry in the United States. At the age of 23, they were recruited to work in the Soviet Union. Shortly after their arrival in Stalingrad, Robinson was racially assaulted by two white American workers, both of whom were subsequently arrested, tried and expelled from the Soviet Union with great publicity.
Starting with a one-year contract to work in the Soviet Union, Robinson twice renewed their contract. After the publicity of their assault, they felt unable to return to the US and accepted Soviet citizenship. They earned a degree in mechanical engineering. Their repeated attempts to visit outside the USSR finally resulted in an approved trip to Uganda in 1974, where they asked for and was given asylum. They married an African-American professor working there. They finally gained re-entry to the United States in 1986, and gained attention for their accounts of their 44 years in the Soviet Union.
Life
Born in Jamaica, Robinson moved with their parents to Cuba, where they grew up. They and their mother were abandoned by their father when they were six. Their mother was born in Dominica and had gone to Jamaica while employed by a doctor. They and their mother emigrated to the United States and settled in Detroit. They went to local schools and became a skilled toolmaker at the Ford Motor Company during the expansive years in the auto industry.
In 1929 Ford and the Soviet Union agreed to cooperate on a car plant in Gorky to turn out Model T cars. In 1930, a Russian delegation visited the Company, where Robinson worked as a toolmaker. The delegation leader offered them and others a one-year contract in the Soviet Union. The pay would be far greater. They were promised free rent in a grand apartment, maid service, and a car. At 23, fearing they could be laid off at any moment due to the effects of the Great Depression and the institutionalised racism in the United States, and taking into account that a cousin of a friend had recently been lynched in the South, Robinson accepted.
Soviet Union
They arrived in Stalingrad on July 4, 1930, to begin working in a tractor factory. The only African American among a contingent of workers from the United States, Robinson was beaten by two white American workers shortly after their arrival. After the incident the Soviet press turned them into a minor celebrity, publicising their case as an example of American racism.
After their first year they renewed with another contract. After their second one-year contract expired in June 1932, Robinson went to Moscow to obtain a return ticket to the United States. Officials persuaded them to accept another one-year contract working at a ball-bearing factory. They were one of 362 "foreign specialists" at the plant when they started working there. After the assassination of Sergei Mironovich Kirov, Stalin's assumed successor, on December 1, 1934, the preferred status of foreign specialists ended "overnight".
In 1937, the US government ordered Robinson to return home or relinquish their citizenship. Robinson chose to stay in the Soviet Union due to the continuing depression and accepted Soviet citizenship although they later regretted this decision. They survived Stalin's Great Purge while many of their foreign acquaintances in Moscow vanished in 1936–1939.
On June 22, 1941, Germany invaded the Soviet Union. Due to the nature of Soviet news reports, Robinson and others at their plant suspected that Soviet forces were suffering devastating losses. The Russians flocked to church that day, surprising Robinson, although after 24 years of Communist rule there were no priests to lead the congregation. Throughout the rest of the war, the government tolerated attendance to religious services.
Robinson survived the German invasion of Russia, during which Hitler's army was stopped only from Moscow. During the war, they almost died of starvation, with some meals consisting of six or seven cabbage leaves soaked in lukewarm water. Despite the war, the Soviets arranged for continued education. According to their autobiography, in July 1944, Robinson graduated with a degree in mechanical engineering, but did not receive their diploma until two years later.
In 1947, they starred as a black American in a film about Nicholas Miklouho-Maclay. They also advised and acted in a Russian film production of the American racial drama Deep Are The Roots, (Глубокие корни).
Return to the United States
After World War II, Robinson attempted to return to the US. They asked the singer and actor Paul Robeson, who had traveled to the Soviet Union, to help them leave the country. Robeson declined to do so as it would harm their relations with the Soviet leadership. Since the 1950s, Robinson had annually applied for a vacation visa abroad and each time, it was denied. Through the influence of two Ugandan ambassadors, Robinson was granted permission to visit Uganda in 1974. They bought a round-trip ticket so as not to arouse suspicion. Once there, they appealed for refuge, which was temporarily granted by Idi Amin. In 1976, Robinson married Zylpha Mapp, an African-American professor who was working at a university in Uganda.
Through the efforts of Ugandan officials, and US Information Service officer William B. Davis, they were eventually allowed to re-enter the United States and re-gained United States citizenship in 1986. They lived in the US until their death in 1994. Following their return, they gave interviews about their insights into Soviet life from the inside, and was also featured in the Detroit Free Press. They were honored by the Ford Motor Company, 60 years after they began their work there. They moved to Washington, D.C. with their wife.
After returning to the United States, Robinson wrote their autobiography, with the writer Jonathan Slevin. It was published as Black on Red: My 44 Years Inside The Soviet Union (1988).
Robinson died of cancer in 1994. Among those attending the funeral were their wife, William B. Davis, and Mathias Lubega, former Ugandan ambassador to the Soviet Union.
References
Further reading
Robert Robinson; with Jonathon Slevin (1988). Black on Red: My 44 Years Inside the Soviet Union. Washington, DC: Acropolis Books. .
Tim Tzouliadis. The Forsaken: From the Great Depression to the Gulags – Hope and Betrayal in Stalin's Russia. Little, Brown, 2009. "The Alabaman Herbert Lewis was locked up in a Stalingrad prison [for assaulting Robinson] ... their arrest, observed the visiting American reporter William Henry Chamberlin, seemed only to strengthen the "racial chauvinism" of the three hundred other Americans working at the tractor factory." (pp. 39–40).
Roman, Meredith L. Opposing Jim Crow: African Americans and the Soviet Indictment of U.S. Racism, 1928–1937 (Justice and Social Inquiry) University of Nebraska Press; Reprint edition (July 1, 2012), . Chapter 1: American Racism on Trial and the Poster Child for Soviet Antiracism. "On Thursday, July 24, 1930, around six o'clock in the evening at the Stalingrad Tractor Factory, Robert Robinson was walking away from the cafeteria when two white American men, Lemuel Lewis and William Brown, confronted him." (p. 26).
Smith, Homer. Black Man in Red Russia. Johnson; Ex-Lib edition (1964). ASIN: B000IQ7HGQ.
The Ghost of the Executed Engineer
An American Engineer in Stalin's Russia: The Memoirs of Zara Witkin, 1932–1934. Witkin, Zara (1900–1940), Find a Grave.
John Scott, BEHIND THE URALS: An American Worker in Russia's City of Steel. Worker at Magnitogorsk.
See also
Alexander Dolgun (1926–1986) survivor of the Soviet Gulag who returned to their native United States.
Thomas Sgovio (1916–1997) American artist, and former inmate of a Soviet GULAG camp in Kolyma.
Victor Herman (1915–1985) Jewish-American initially known as the 'Lindbergh of Russia', who then spent 18 years in the Gulags of Siberia.
George Padmore (1903–1959) Pan-Africanist, journalist, studied in the United States and moved to the Soviet Union.
William Henry Chamberlin (1897–1969) American journalist during the trial of Robinson's assailants.
Jack Littlepage (1894–?) American mining engineer who helped the Soviet gold industry (1929–1937).
Alexander Pavlovitch Serebrovsky (1884–1938) Soviet revolutionary and petroleum and mining engineer executed during the Great Purge.
1906 births
1994 deaths
African-American people
Jamaican emigrants to the United States
Deaths from cancer in Washington, D.C.
American emigrants to the Soviet Union
American expatriates in the Soviet Union
American mechanical engineers
People with acquired American citizenship
Former United States citizens
Soviet mechanical engineers
Soviet people of World War II
The East Tasman Plateau is a submerged microcontinent south east of Tasmania. Its area is , and it is mostly from deep. It is a circular piece of continental rocks surrounded by oceanic crust. Volcanism occurred there . The East Tasman Plateau is separated from the island of Tasmania by of deeper water, and the East Tasman Saddle is a higher ridge connecting the plateau to the Freycinet Peninsula region of the Tasmanian East Coast. This ridge runs north west from the plateau. South-west of the plateau is the L'Atalante Depression. The East Tasman Plateau represents a continental fragment.
Tectonics
Prior to tectonic rifting, the East Tasman Plateau microcontinent was attached to the southeast of Tasmania and the north east of the South Tasman Rise. To the northeast, east and south east of the plateau was the Lord Howe Rise.
In the Cretaceous period, the continental breakup of Gondwana started near Tasmania. About a rift entered the east coast of Tasmania from the south and split off the Lord Howe Rise from the South Tasman Rise to the west. Sea floor spreading continued to move this continental sliver away to the east from Tasmania and Australia, and the rift jumped into the Lord Howe Rise and separated off the East Tasman Plateau. The detachment of the East Tasman Plateau from the Lord Howe Rise has left a large gulf on the west side of the Lord Howe Rise around 38°S 162°E where it used to be.
In the late Cretaceous the East Tasman Plateau was at 65°S and it moved north to 60°S in early Oligocene.
Geology
The geology of the East Tasman Plateau includes early hard continental type rocks, volcanic rocks which are part of sea mounts, and marine sediments deposited since it was below sea level.
The earliest continental East Tasman Plateau rocks that have been brought to the surface of the sea are of Neoproterozoic age, and include gneiss, rhyolite, quartzite, sandstone, ferricrete, and metamorphosed sediments.
The eastern edge of the plateau facing the Tasman Basin is steep, dropping more than and composed of granite.
Sediments on the East Tasman Plateau start with silty clay from Maastrichtian to Eocene. These were deposited in shallow seawater. The microfossils found in these layers include spores, pollen from coniferous forests, and dinocysts. The pollen showed that the climate was humid, with cool winters. From early to mid Eocene, 55 to 37 Ma, the climate on nearby land was uniform, wet and cool and supported angiosperm forests. During the mid Eocene microfossils include diatoms. Above this in the stratigraphic record is glauconite containing siltstone deposited at the end of the Eocene. This material was due to condensed sedimentation due to the added water from the current. During this period around 36 million years ago the plateau started sinking to a depth of . After this there was a gap in the deposition, due to the opening of the Southern Ocean between the Australian Continent and Antarctica. A seaway carrying the strong Antarctic Circumpolar Current developed. The current eroded part of the surface, and stopped the sediments from the land masses from reaching it. During Oligocene to mid Miocene there were oceanic deposits of clay and calcareous ooze. Microfossils from this time include foraminifers. After this the circumpolar current strengthened and only ooze deposited. The current rate of buildup of ooze on the seabed on the plateau is about per year which is quite slow. The sinking has been at the rate of in 10 million years (0.1 mm/year), so the buildup of sediments is not keeping pace with submergence.
After the deposition of sediments, the sediment has been modified by phosphatisation and the formation of ferromanganese crusts.
Paleoclimate
Carbonate-clumped isotope thermometry uses the carbon-13 and oxygen-18 isotope levels in carbonates to determine the sea temperature. This is in addition to the microfossils, which give a temperature clue as different organisms live in different water temperatures. The sediment cores from the East Tasman Plateau give a history of the temperature of the Southern Ocean and are valuable in seeing the limits of climate change in the future. Water temperature on the Plateau has been as high as .
Cascade Seamount
The Cascade Seamount is an undersea mountain which has a height from its base higher than those on Tasmania. The peak of Cascade Seamount is currently deep. The top of the seamount is fairly flat and domed, but once down to deep the sides slope off very steeply. The Cascade Seamount is a volcano formed during the Late Eocene period as a result of the Balleny mantle plume. This volcano has produced volcanic breccia, hyaloclastite and alkali olivine basalt. The extra weight of the seamount isostatically depressed the adjacent plateau to form a basin. The basin filled with up to of sediment during Late Eocene, and early Oligocene, and another of calcareous ooze and chalk during late Oligocene. Originally the volcano was more than above sea level. The age is confirmed by foraminifera microfossils Chiloguembelina cubensis, Globigerapsis index, Globigerapsis rubriformis, Subbotina angiporoides and Subbotina linaperta found in the sediment on the volcano. This sediment settled in shallow water.
The Cascade Seamount is part of a chain of volcanic seamounts that extend south to the Balleny Islands near Antarctica.
High frequency echograms show that the top of the seamount is covered in sediment, but that the steep slopes are rocky. There is possibly a debris flow on the east flank.
The name for Cascade Seamount has also been called Cascade Guyot. The feature was discovered in 1944, and appeared on chart BA214 in 1954. It was named after the Cascade Brewery.
Fauna
Above the sea at this location typical Southern Ocean animals are found such as several kinds of whales, albatross and petrels. Species detected include Diomedea exulans, Diomedea royal, Diomedea sanfordi, Euphausia frigida, Fregetta tropica, Limacina retroversa, Oceanites oceanicus, Oithona similis, Pachyptila belcheri, Pachyptila crassirostris, Pachyptila turtur, Pachyptila vittata, Pelagodroma marina, Phoebetria fusca, Phoebetria palpebrata, Procellaria aequinoctialis, Pterodroma cookilaria, Pterodroma lessonii, Pterodroma leucoptera, Pterodroma macroptera, Pterodroma macroptera, Pterodroma mollis, Pterodroma neglecta, Puffinus assimilis, Puffinus tenuirostris, Thalassarche bulleri, Thalassarche cauta, Thalassarche melanophrys, and Thysanoessa macrura.
Molluscs found on the Cascade Seamount include Cuspidaria brazieri (Brazier's spoon-shell), Cuspidaria erma (noble spoon-shell), Veprichlamys perillustris (shining scallop), Fusitriton magellanicus retiolus (Magellanic rock-whelk), and Sassia kampyla (curved rock-whelk). The deep water sea star Novodinia australis has been found on the Cascade Seamount.
References
Extra reading
explanation of formation
Cretaceous geology
Plate tectonics
Continental fragments
Plateaus of the Pacific Ocean
Underwater ridges of the Pacific Ocean
Cretaceous paleogeography
Seamounts of the Tasman Sea
Ward is a rural locality in the Shire of Murweh, Queensland, Australia. In the Ward had a population of 74 people.
Geography
The Ward River enters the locality from the north (Bayrick) and then flows south through the locality becoming a tributary of the Langlo River in the south of the locality.
Glengarry is a neighbourhood in the south of the locality ().
Meecha is a neighbourhood in the far south of the locality ().
Castle Hill is in the centre of the locality ().
The land use is almost entirely grazing on native vegetation.
History
Meecha was surveyed for a town site by A. T. Macfarlane on 17 March 1891. Two of the 20 town lots were purchased on 30 January 1894 and were held until ownership was transferred to Murweh Shire Council on 30 July 1968 and then became Crown land on 15 September 1977.
The locality was named and bounded on 28 March 2002.
Economy
There are a number of homesteads in the locality:
Aubigny ()
Balmacarra ()
Barford ()
Binga Minor ()
Brumich ()
Buckeys Creek ()
Calowne ()
Conargo ()
Gleneden ()
Laguna ()
Maxvale ()
Millie ()
Molonga ()
Newholme ()
Oak Park ()
Oakwood ()
Old Gowrie ()
Oxford Downs ()
Perola Park ()
Southampton Downs ()
Thurlby ()
Wansey Downs ()
Wardsdale ()
Transport
Wanko railway station is on the Western railway line (), but on the section from Westgate to Quilpie which has not been used since 2011. A small refreshment stand operated at Wanko station in the era when passenger rail travel to these Western locations was common.
Education
There are no schools in Ward. The nearest primary schools are Augathella State School in neighbouring Augathella to the east and Charleville State School in neighbouring Charleville to the south. The nearest secondary school is Charleville State High School.
In the Ward had a population of 74 people.
Amenities
There is a boat ramp into the Langlo River on the Diamantina Developmental Road, southwest of Charleville (). It is managed by the Murweh Shire Council.
References
Shire of Murweh
Localities in Queensland
BCM theory, BCM synaptic modification, or the BCM rule, named for Elie Bienenstock, Leon Cooper, and Paul Munro, is a physical theory of learning in the visual cortex developed in 1981.
The BCM model proposes a sliding threshold for long-term potentiation (LTP) or long-term depression (LTD) induction, and states that synaptic plasticity is stabilized by a dynamic adaptation of the time-averaged postsynaptic activity. According to the BCM model, when a pre-synaptic neuron fires, the post-synaptic neurons will tend to undergo LTP if it is in a high-activity state (e.g., is firing at high frequency, and/or has high internal calcium concentrations), or LTD if it is in a lower-activity state (e.g., firing in low frequency, low internal calcium concentrations). This theory is often used to explain how cortical neurons can undergo both LTP or LTD depending on different conditioning stimulus protocols applied to pre-synaptic neurons (usually high-frequency stimulation, or HFS, for LTP, or low-frequency stimulation, LFS, for LTD).
Development
In 1949, Donald Hebb proposed a working mechanism for memory and computational adaption in the brain now called Hebbian learning, or the maxim that cells that fire together, wire together. This notion is foundational in the modern understanding of the brain as a neural network, and though not universally true, remains a good first approximation supported by decades of evidence.
However, Hebb's rule has problems, namely that it has no mechanism for connections to get weaker and no upper bound for how strong they can get. In other words, the model is unstable, both theoretically and computationally. Later modifications gradually improved Hebb's rule, normalizing it and allowing for decay of synapses, where no activity or unsynchronized activity between neurons results in a loss of connection strength. New biological evidence brought this activity to a peak in the 1970s, where theorists formalized various approximations in the theory, such as the use of firing frequency instead of potential in determining neuron excitation, and the assumption of ideal and, more importantly, linear synaptic integration of signals. That is, there is no unexpected behavior in the adding of input currents to determine whether or not a cell will fire.
These approximations resulted in the basic form of BCM below in 1979, but the final step came in the form of mathematical analysis to prove stability and computational analysis to prove applicability, culminating in Bienenstock, Cooper, and Munro's 1982 paper.
Since then, experiments have shown evidence for BCM behavior in both the visual cortex and the hippocampus, the latter of which plays an important role in the formation and storage of memories. Both of these areas are well-studied experimentally, but both theory and experiment have yet to establish conclusive synaptic behavior in other areas of the brain. It has been proposed that in the cerebellum, the parallel-fiber to Purkinje cell synapse follows an "inverse BCM rule", meaning that at the time of parallel fiber activation, a high calcium concentration in the Purkinje cell results in LTD, while a lower concentration results in LTP. Furthermore, the biological implementation for synaptic plasticity in BCM has yet to be established.
Theory
The basic BCM rule takes the form
where:
is the synaptic weight of the th synapse,
is th synapse's input current,
is the inner product of weights and input currents (weighted sum of inputs),
is a non-linear function. This function must change sign at some threshold , that is, if and only if . See below for details and properties.
and is the (often negligible) time constant of uniform decay of all synapses.
This model is a modified form of the Hebbian learning rule, , and requires a suitable choice of function to avoid the Hebbian problems of instability.
Bienenstock at al. rewrite as a function where is the time average of . With this modification and discarding the uniform decay the rule takes the vectorial form:
The conditions for stable learning are derived rigorously in BCM noting that with and with the approximation of the average output , it is sufficient that
or equivalently, that the threshold , where and are fixed positive constants.
When implemented, the theory is often taken such that
where is a time constant of selectivity.
The model has drawbacks, as it requires both long-term potentiation and long-term depression, or increases and decreases in synaptic strength, something which has not been observed in all cortical systems. Further, it requires a variable activation threshold and depends strongly on stability of the selected fixed points and . However, the model's strength is that it incorporates all these requirements from independently derived rules of stability, such as normalizability and a decay function with time proportional to the square of the output.
Example
This example is a particular case of the one at chapter "Mathematical results" of Bienenstock at al. work, assuming and . With these values and we decide that fulfills the stability conditions said in previous chapter.
Assume two presynaptic neurons that provides inputs and , its activity a repetitive cycle with half of time and remainder time . time average will be the average of value in first and second half of a cycle.
Let initial value of weights . In the first half of time and , the weighted sum is equal to 0.095 and we use same value as initial average . That means , , . Adding 10% of the derivative to the weights we obtain new ones .
In next half of time, inputs are and weights . That means , of full cycle is 0.075, , , . Adding 10% of the derivative to the weights we obtain new ones .
Repeating previous cycle we obtain, after several hundred of iterations, that stability is reached with , (first half) and (remainder time), , , and .
Note how, as predicted, the final weight vector has become orthogonal to one of the input patterns, being the final values of in both intervals zeros of the function .
Experiment
The first major experimental confirmation of BCM came in 1992 in investigating LTP and LTD in the hippocampus. Serena Dudek's experimental work showed qualitative agreement with the final form of the BCM activation function. This experiment was later replicated in the visual cortex, which BCM was originally designed to model. This work provided further evidence of the necessity for a variable threshold function for stability in Hebbian-type learning (BCM or others).
Experimental evidence has been non-specific to BCM until Rittenhouse et al. confirmed BCM's prediction of synapse modification in the visual cortex when one eye is selectively closed. Specifically,
where describes the variance in spontaneous activity or noise in the closed eye and is time since closure. Experiment agreed with the general shape of this prediction and provided an explanation for the dynamics of monocular eye closure (monocular deprivation) versus binocular eye closure. The experimental results are far from conclusive, but so far have favored BCM over competing theories of plasticity.
Applications
While the algorithm of BCM is too complicated for large-scale parallel distributed processing, it has been put to use in lateral networks with some success. Furthermore, some existing computational network learning algorithms have been made to correspond to BCM learning.
References
External links
Scholarpedia article
Biophysics
Computational neuroscience
Neuroplasticity
Omar Sakr may refer to:
Omar Sakr (writer), Arab-Australian poet, novelist and essayist
Jaguar is a 1979 Filipino film noir directed by Lino Brocka. It was entered into the 1980 Cannes Film Festival. The story is based on the real-life "Brown Derby Shooting" in 1960 as documented by Quijano de Manila in the article "The Boy Who Wanted to Become Society", later republished in the non-fiction crime anthology, Reportage on Crime (1977).
Cast
Phillip Salvador as Poldo Miranda
Amy Austria as Cristy Montes
Menggie Cobarrubias as Sonny Gaston
Anita Linda as Mother
Johnny Delgado as Direk San Pedro
Mario Escudero as Mang Berto
Jimmy Santos
Gigi Salvador as Apple
Joel Lamangan as Press
Roi Vinzon as Edmon
See also
Kisapmata
Bayan Ko: Kapit sa Patalim
Orapronobis
Manila
References
External links
1979 films
1979 drama films
Films directed by Lino Brocka
Philippine drama films
1970s English-language films
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
Works published in English
United Kingdom
Matthew Arnold, Empedocles on Etna, and Other Poems
Alfred Tennyson, Ode on the Death of the Duke of Wellington
United States
Thomas Holley Chivers, The Death of the Devil, A Serio-Ludicro, Tragico-Comico, Nigero-Whiteman Extravaganza
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., The Poetical Works of Oliver Wendell Holmes
Richard Realf, Guesses at the Beautiful
Richard Henry Stoddard, Poems
Works published in other languages
France
Théophile Gautier's Emaux et camées
Leconte de Lisle, Poèmes antiques
Gérard de Nerval, et Les illuminés
Other
Andreas Munch, Sorg og Trøst, Norwegian
Theodor Storm, Gedichte ("Poems"), Germany
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
February 24 – George Moore (died 1933) Irish novelist, short-story writer, poet, art critic, memoirist and dramatist
March 15 – Lady Gregory (died 1932), Irish dramatist, folklorist and poet
March 22 – Francis William Bourdillon (died 1921), English poet and translator
April 23 – Edwin Markham (died 1940), American poet
June 17 – M. A. Bayfield (died 1922), English classical scholar and writer on poetry
October 31 – Mary E. Wilkins Freeman (died 1930), American novelist and poet
November 10 – Henry van Dyke (died 1933), American author, poet, educator and clergyman
Also:
Ganesh Janardan Agasha (died 1919), Indian, Marathi-language poet and literary critic
Emma Maria Caillard
Moyinkutty Vaidyar (died 1891), Indian, Malayalam-language poet
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
February 17 – Micah Joseph Lebensohn (born 1828), Lithuanian Jewish, Hebrew language poet (tuberculosis)
February 25 – Thomas Moore (born 1779), Irish-born poet and songwriter
April 10 – John Howard Payne (born 1791), American actor, playwright, author and consul in Tunis (1842–1852); most remembered as creator of "Home! Sweet Home!"
April 25 – Álvares de Azevedo (born 1831), Brazilian Ultra-Romantic poet and writer (tuberculosis)
May 3 – Sara Coleridge (born 1802), English writer
November 15 – John Hamilton Reynolds (born 1794), English poet, satirist, critic and playwright
See also
19th century in poetry
19th century in literature
List of years in poetry
List of years in literature
Victorian literature
French literature of the 19th century
Poetry
Notes
19th-century poetry
Poetry
Electronic signature allows users to electronically perform the actions for which they previously had to give a signature on paper. Estonia's digital signature system is the foundation for some of its most popular e-services including registering a company online, e-banks, the e-voting system and electronic tax filing – essentially any services that require signatures to prove their validity.
History and usage
The first digital signature was given in 2002. A number of freeware programs were released to end users and system integrators. All of the components of the software processed the same document format – the DigiDoc format.
As of October 2013, over 130 million digital signatures have been given in Estonia.
In September 2013 the European Commissioner for Digital Agenda Neelie Kroes gave their first digital signature with an Estonian test ID-card issued to them as a present.
In October 2014 Estonian parliament passed a bill which gives any person, regardless of their citizenship or residency, possibility to apply for Estonian digital identity (e-Residency of Estonia) to give digital signatures and use Estonian government online services. The law came into force on December 1, 2014.
Legislation
The nature and use of digital signature in Estonia is regulated by the Digital Signature Act. The Estonian parliament Riigikogu passed the Digital Signature Act on March 8, 2000, and it entered into force on December 15, 2000. According to this legislation, a digital signature is equal to a hand-written signature. Pursuant to the Act it is also necessary to distinguish between valid and void digital signatures, any signatures given with a void or suspended certificate are null and void. The Digital Signature Act has been superseded by the EU-wide eSignature Directive (eIDAS) since 2016. It should also mandate that rest of the EU member nations accept Estonian e-signatures amongst other countries e-signatures. The eSignature Directive also specifies that member nations should use and accept signatures in the Associated Signature Containers (ASiC) format.
All Estonian authorities are obliged to accept digitally signed documents.
Prerequisites
Users can create digitally signed documents with their ID-card, digital identity card or Mobile-ID using either the DigiDoc3 program that is installed into the computer along with the ID-card software, in the signing section of the State Portal www.eesti.ee or in the DigiDoc Portal.
Digital signature support can be added to all the applications and programs where it is required.
International context
The Estonian digital signatures corresponds to the EU eIDAS (910/2014) with the strictest requirements (advanced electronic signature, secure-signature-creation device, qualified certificate, certification-service-provider issuing qualified certificates).
Certificates
Upon the issuance of ID-cards or mobile ID-s, every user receives two certificates: one for authentication, the other for digital signing. The certificate may be compared to the specimen signature of a person – it is public and it can be used by anyone to examine whether the signature given by the person is authentic. The certificate also holds the personal data, name and personal identification code.
All certificates are different and correspond to the private keys of specific persons. The certificate can be used to examine digital signatures – if the certificate and the signature match mathematically (all the necessary calculations are performed by the computer on behalf of the user), it can be claimed that the signature has been given by the person named in the certificate.
See also
DigiDoc (Digital Document) format family
Electronic signatures and law
References
External links
Digital Signature Act
Signature électronique - reality in Estonia, future in Europe?
Internet in Estonia
Estonia
As a city with a long and rich history, Boston, Massachusetts naturally has a great many properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places. There are 345 properties and districts listed on the National Register in Suffolk County, Massachusetts, including 59 National Historic Landmarks. The city of Boston is the location of 323 of these properties and districts, including 58 National Historic Landmarks. Properties and districts located in the county's other three municipalities are listed separately.
Current listings
Because of the large number of listings, the list has been split into northern and southern listings, divided by the Massachusetts Turnpike. Two historic districts overlap into both northern and southern Boston: the 1767 Milestones, and the Olmsted Park System.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massachusetts
References
History of Boston
Boston
Boston Massachusetts
The Amazon weasel (Neogale africana), also known as the tropical weasel, is a species of weasel native to South America. It was first identified from a museum specimen mislabelled as coming from Africa, hence the scientific name.
Taxonomy
Originally described in the genus Mustela, a 2021 study reclassified it into the genus Neogale along with 2 other former Mustela species, as well as the two species formerly classified in Neovison.
Description
The largest of the three species of South American weasel, Amazon weasels measure in total length, including a tail long. They have a typical body form for weasels, with a long, slender, torso and short legs and ears. They have short fur which varies from reddish to dark brown on the upper body, and is pale orange-tan on the underparts. A stripe of fur the same colour as that on the upper body runs down the centre of the chest and throat. The whiskers are short and the soles of the feet almost hairless. Females have three pairs of teats.
Distribution and habitat
Amazon weasels are known to inhabit the Amazon basin in northern Brazil and eastern Peru and Ecuador. However, the full extent of their range is unknown, and they probably also inhabit southern Colombia, Venezuela and the Guyanas, as well as northern Bolivia. The region is covered by tropical rainforest, and, while detailed habitat preferences are unknown, the weasel has mostly been recovered near rivers.
Two subspecies are recognised:
N. a. africana (northeastern Brazil)
N. a. stolzmanni (northwestern Brazil, Peru, Ecuador)
Biology and behaviour
The Amazon weasel is rarely seen and little is known of its habits. They eat rodents and other small mammals, and have been reported to construct burrows in the stumps of hollow trees. They have been found from sea level to , and have been reported to swim in rivers or estuaries, sometimes far from the shore.
References
Weasels
Fauna of the Amazon
Carnivorans of South America
Mammals of Brazil
Mammals of Ecuador
Mammals of Peru
Mammals described in 1818
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Autódromo Ciudad de Mar del Plata is a motorsports circuit located in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Motorsport venues in Buenos Aires Province
Maria of Antioch-Armenia (1215–1257) was lady of Toron from 1229 to their death. They were the elder daughter of Raymond-Roupen, prince of Antioch, and of Helvis of Lusignan. They derived their title of Lady of Toron and claim to the throne of Armenia from their father.
Maria's paternal grandmother Alice became lady of Toron when emperor Frederick II, at the end of the Sixth Crusade, negotiated the return of lands conquered by Saladin; Maria succeeded them as they were the closest surviving relative.
In 1240 they married Philip of Montfort, Lord of Tyre, previously lord of Castres, and they had the following children:
Jean de Montfort (died 1283), lord of Toron and of Tyre
Humphrey of Montfort (died 1284), lord of Beirut and of Tyre
Alix, living in 1282 and in 1295
Helvis, living in 1282 and in 1295
They were the great-granddaughter of Roupen III, prince of Armenia (Roupen III's daughter was Alice), who had been succeeded by their brother Leo I. Maria thus unsuccessfully claimed rights to the throne of Armenia, something their father and grandmother had previously attempted and failed.
Sources
This page is a translation of :fr:Marie d'Antioche (1215-).
http://generoyer.free.fr/H-PhilippedeMONTFORT.htm
1215 births
1257 deaths
Christians of the Sixth Crusade
Lords of Toron
Armenian princesses
House of Montfort
13th-century women rulers
Surendra is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. It belongs to the subfamily Theclinae often called hairstreaks. It is often grouped into the tribe Arhopalini along with its sister genera Arhopala, Flos and Semanga. The genus is sometimes known by the common name acacia blues in reflection of the host plant of the larvae.
Species
Surendra quercetorum (Moore, 1857)
Surendra vivarna (Horsfield, 1829)
Surendra florimel Doherty, 1889
Surendra manilana (C. & R. Felder, 1862)
Range
The species resides in Sri Lanka, India, China, Indochina, Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Java, Bali, Borneo, Philippines and Sulawesi.
References
Arhopalini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Frederic Moore
Kubrick is the sixth full-length studio album by electronica production duo Soulsavers released by San Quentin Recordings label. The album consists of eight instrumental compositions and is dedicated to the works of Stanley Kubrick.
Background
The album is self-produced and was recorded at a number of studios around the world. It is the duo's first solo album since 2009's Broken. The release consists of completely instrumental compositions without vocal parts—for the first time in the band's discography. The disc has been released both on vinyl and on a CD.
After several successful mini-tours with Dave Gahan in support of the previous album Angels & Ghosts in the USA and Europe, the duo decided to write new material for the release, but this time they did not invite other musicians or vocalists to join, as it was usual before. Stylistically continuing in many ways the previous albums, the musicians decided to focus on more orchestral arrangements. In a number of compositions, the guitars and drums are dramatically minimized, giving priority to the strings. The musicians did not give any performances to support of the album, and there were no singles released from the album. The album took 173rd place in the Belgian chart (Flanders).
Critical reception
At Metacritic, that assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 64, based on seven reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". At AnyDecentMusic?, that collates critical reviews from more than 50 media sources, the album scored 6.1 points out of 10.
Sam Shepherd of musicOMH wrote "As an entirely instrumental album, Kubrick is to some degree new ground for the pair and, whilst they are certainly no strangers to the form, this is the first time they've produced an entire album with no vocals whatsoever. This time around, the focus is on the duo's compositional acumen; no longer hidden by their fine choices of collaborators, they seize the opportunity, and positively soar.... Kubrick is an ambitious project, but one that works just perfectly as a showcase for the wonderful songwriting and compositional skills of Machin and Glover. It proves, as if it were ever in doubt, that their strength lies not in the skills of their collaborators, but in their music and ideas".
Paul Mardles of The Guardian stated "The sixth album by production team Rich Machin and Ian Glover aspires to emulate their movies' atmosphere, its eight tracks named after Kubrick characters. Entirely instrumental, all woodwinds and strings, it is a sumptuous, often soothing set but too one-paced to be transportive".
Track listing
Personnel
Martyn LeNoble – bass
Kevin Bales – drums
James Walbourne – guitar
Soulsavers – producing
Geoff Pesche – mastering
Daniele Luppi – orchestrating
Steve Gullick – front cover
The Hollywood Strings & Brass Ensemble – strings, horns
Charts
References
2015 albums
Soulsavers albums
The Government of Madhesh Province, known locally as the Province Government, is the supreme governing authority of the Nepalese province of Madhesh Province which consist of 8 districts.
The Governor of the province is appointed head of the province by the President of Nepal on the recommendation of caninet for a period of five years unless freed earlier by federal government. The Head of Province is the Governor and the Chief Minister holds the position of the Head of executive. The role of governor is largely ceremonial as the functioning of the government is managed entirely by the Chief Minister. The governor appoints minister and chief minister based on the articles and clues of Constitution.
The province government maintains its capital at Janakpur and is seated at the Madhesh Province Provincial Government Secretariat.
Background
The Government of Province No. 2 was formed on February 4, 2018 after the 2017 Nepalese provincial elections. The present legislative structure of Province No. 2 is Unicameral and consists of 107 legislative members (64 members are elected through FPTP and 43 are elected through PR). The normal term of the provincial assembly is five years, unless dissolved earlier.
Executive
Governor : Hari Shankar Mishra
Chief Minister : Mohammad Lalbabu Raut
Legislature
Speaker of Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province: Saroj Kumar Yadav
The province is governed by a parliamentary system of representative democracy. The legislative structure of the province is unicameral. The Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province consists of 107 members who are elected for five-year terms. The province contributes 32 seats to the lower house of the Parliament of Nepal, the House of Representatives and 8 seats to the upper house, the National Assembly.
Judiciary
Chief Justice of Janakpur High Court : Binod Sharma (Acting)
References
External links
Government of Madhesh Province
Madhesh Province
Samsun 19 Mayıs Stadium, also known as Canik 19 Mayıs Stadium, ( or Canik 19 Mayıs Stadyumu) was a multi-purpose stadium in the Canik district of Samsun, northern Turkey. It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Samsunspor until the new Samsun Stadium was opened in 2017. The stadium had a seating capacity for 19,720 spectators. It was demolished in 2018.
The stadium was named in remembrance of the landing of Mustafa Kemal Pasha (1881–1938) in Samsun on May 19, 1919 to start the national independence movement.
Renovation
In 2006 the Black Sea club decided to renovate the ground. The capacity was increased by several thousand by adding a second tier to the "marathon side", and all the seats were covered with a roof. Now the all-covered, all-seated stadium has a capacity of 19,720.
International events hosted
The venue went onto host the football events of the 2017 Summer Deaflympics.
References
External links
Samsunspor official site - pictures and information regarding the renovation
Venue information
Football venues in Turkey
Multi-purpose stadiums in Turkey
Sports venues in Samsun
Sports venues completed in 1965
1965 establishments in Turkey
Samsunspor
Canik
Simon Curtis (born March 18, 1986) is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and actor. Born in Michigan and raised in Tulsa, Oklahoma, they first gained recognition for their role as Royce Du Lac in the 2009 film Spectacular! before venturing into pop music, during which they released their debut extended play Alter Boy in 2008, their debut full-length studio album, 8Bit Heart in 2010, and in 2011, they released their second studio album (and first commercial release) RA; the two later releases were released through their independent label, BoyRobot Records.
RA debuted at number 20 on Billboards Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
Early and personal life
Simon Curtis was born in the state of Michigan, United States, and spent their earliest years in Alpena. Their family later moved to Tulsa, Oklahoma. At the age of ten, they were diagnosed with leukemia.Inspire magazine – Simon Curtis INSPIRE Magazine – May 30, 2009 – Retrieved April 22, 2010. They graduated from Jenks High School in 2004.Kelsy Lorin Taylor, "FCCLA Students Bring Joy to Young Patients", GTR Newspapers, February 1, 2010. Curtis earned a coveted role in the national tour production of the musical Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. Curtis is gay.
Career
Early career: 2002–2006
Curtis won Popstar Magazine and Johnny Wright's "Get Famous" contest, was named a national top ten finalist in the "Britney Spears Samsung Superstar Tour", was commissioned by Disney to provide a theme song for an annual Disneyland event, was named an official Oklahoma Ambassador of Music, and won the University of Tulsa Award for Outstanding Achievement in Performance.
At 20, Curtis began recording with local record producer Jadion. There they began the sessions that would ultimately result in Curtis' début album Alter Boy EP. Curtis and Jadion were commissioned by Disney to deliver a theme song for the annual Disneyland Resort event, Flashback, which later became a charity single benefiting the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society of America.
2009–2010: Spectacular! and 8Bit Heart
In early 2009, Curtis made their film debut starring in the Nickelodeon musical TV film Spectacular!. They landed the role of Royce Du Lac, the lead singer of a show choir, Ta-da and Tammi's boyfriend.
In late 2009, Curtis once again began to work on their musical career. They teamed up with friend producer Jeff "Jadion" Wells and in about thirteen days, they wrote and recorded 8Bit Heart. They chose to release the album for free on their official website after meeting the goal of six thousand followers on their Twitter profile. The album was well received by the pop community and was downloaded over 150,000 times in the two weeks following its release. Curtis did this without a manager or record label. They were the opening act of Backstreet Boys member AJ McLean on May 6, 2010, at the Roxy Theatre in West Hollywood, California.
2011: RA
On May 16, 2011, Curtis released the first single from their second album RA (stylized as R∆) titled "Superhero" as well as a remix titled "Superhero (The Remix)" on their independent label BoyRobot Records through the iTunes Store. The second single from the album, titled "Flesh", was released May 31, along with a remix titled "Flesh (Future Freestyle Remix)". On June 7, they released the full-length album and it debuted at number 20 on Billboard'''s Dance/Electronic Albums chart.
2012–2015: WWW, Wrathschild and Fuse Literary
Curtis released a free EP, WWW, on October 12, 2013. It consisted of eight new songs and three alternate covers. Although their sexuality had been questioned beforehand, it was the criticism towards this album's artwork for being "too gay" that led them to defend himself, saying "Love that I'm getting so much heat for my new album artwork being "too gay" on national coming out day." They followed this up with, "With that said, I am gay. *makes dance album, wears midriff-bearing tshirt, puts neon pink leopard font on cover, doesn't care*".
According to an article published on Popjustice on March 20, 2014, Curtis is now part of an electropop duo called Wrathschild which has been working with producer Ray Reich over the past two years. The debut single "Fall Into Love" premiered on Billboard.com on March 24 and became available on iTunes on March 31.
On December 1, 2014, Fuse Literary announced Curtis had joined the company. Curtis later backed this up by stating through their Twitter "suffice it to say, books are coming". They have published two books so far, Boy Robot and its sequel, Robot Army.
2016: New Album 2nd Bit
Curtis announced through Twitter on new years they would be returning to music with their third studio album. The songs within their new album, titled as "Super 8-bit Heart", are various remixes of songs found in their previous album "8-bit Heart". So far, the remixes haven't been identified by Curtis, or anyone else
.
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Music videos
SoundtracksSpectacular!: Original Television Soundtrack''
Filmography
References
External links
Ballroom Remixed (Official Website)
1986 births
Male actors from Oklahoma
American gay actors
American electronic musicians
American male film actors
American male singer-songwriters
American male pop singers
American male television actors
Living people
Musicians from Tulsa, Oklahoma
LGBT singers from the United States
American gay musicians
LGBT people from Michigan
LGBT people from Oklahoma
Record producers from Oklahoma
Singer-songwriters from Oklahoma
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
The National Movement of Hope (Mouvement National d'Esperance) is a minor political party in Algeria. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 1.73% of the vote and 2 out of 389 seats. It also won two seats in the 2012 elections.
References
Political parties in Algeria
Rezendes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dave Rezendes (born 1959), American NASCAR driver
Michael Rezendes, American journalist
See also
Resendes
Rezende
Vitirallus watlingi, the Fiji rail or Viti Levu rail, was a prehistoric flightless bird from Fiji, and is the only species in the genus Vitirallus. Vitirallus watlingi is thought to have been about the same size as the bar-winged rail (Nesoclopeus poecilopterus) but with a very elongated and slender bill.
The genus name refers to Viti Levu, the island of origin in Fiji; rallus is Latin for rail. The species name watlingi is after the ornithologist Dr Dick Watling.
Remains of this species were discovered in September 1998 at Viti Levu, the largest island in the Republic of Fiji. It was first described by Trevor H. Worthy in 2004. The holotype is in the collection of the Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa.
See also
Late Quaternary prehistoric birds
References
Extinct flightless birds
Fossil taxa described in 2004
Extinct birds of Oceania
Extinct monotypic bird genera
Rallidae
Holocene extinctions
Leśniowice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The List of Alberta provincial ministers shows the succeeded, and current members of the Executive Council of Alberta of the Alberta Legislature.
Premier
Deputy Premier
Minister of Indigenous Relations
Associate Ministers in the Aboriginal Affairs portfolio
Minister of Advanced Education
Minister of Agriculture
Associate ministers in the Agriculture portfolio
Minister of Career Development and Employment
Minister of Children and Youth Services
Minister of Community Development
Minister of Community and Occupational Health
Minister of Consumer and Corporate Affairs
Minister of Culture
Minister of Economic Development
Associate Ministers in the Economic Development portfolio
Minister of Education
Minister of Employment and Immigration
Minister of Energy
Associate ministers within the Resource Development portfolio
Minister of the Environment
Minister of Family and Social Services
Associate ministers in the Family and Social Services portfolio
Minister of Finance
Minister of Forestry, Lands and Wildlife
Associate Ministers in the Forestry, Lands and Wildlife portfolio
Minister of Gaming
Minister of Health
Associate Ministers in the Health and Wellness portfolio
Minister of Housing and Urban Affairs
Associate Ministers in the Housing and Urban Affairs Portfolio
Minister of Human Services
Minister of Industry and Commerce
Minister of Infrastructure
Associate Ministers in the Infrastructure portfolio
Minister of Innovation and Science
Minister of International and Intergovernmental Relations
Minister of International Trade
Minister of Justice and Attorney General
Minister of Labour
Minister of Mines and Minerals
Minister of Municipal Affairs
Provincial Secretary
Minister of Public Welfare
Minister of Public Works, Supply, and Services
Minister of Recreation and Parks
Minister of Restructuring and Government Efficiency
Minister of Revenue
Minister of Seniors and Housing
Minister of Service Alberta
Minister of Social Development
Solicitor General and Minister of Public Security
Minister of Special Projects
Minister of Sustainable Resource Development
Minister of Telephones
Minister of Tourism, Parks, and Recreation
Associate Ministers in the Tourism, Parks, Recreation, and Culture portfolio
Treasury Board President
With the exception of a brief period from 1934 until 1935, this function has been fulfilled by the provincial treasurer for the province's entire pre-2004 history.
Minister of Transportation
Minister of Utilities
Associate ministers in the Utilities portfolio
Minister without Portfolio
References
December 13, 2013 - cabinet swearing in ceremony
May 19, 1970 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 27, 1969 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 20, 1969 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
July 16, 1968 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
June 29, 1967 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
July 31, 1964 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
July 29, 1964 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
November 30, 1962 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
October 15, 1962 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
August 2, 1955 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
December 23, 1954 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
January 5, 1954 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
November 10, 1953 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 16, 1952 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 9, 1952 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 1, 1951 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
April 20, 1945 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 12, 1944 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
March 30, 1944 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
June 1, 1943 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 31, 1943 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
January 20, 1937 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 3, 1935 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
August 10, 1934 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
July 14, 1934 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
July 10, 1934 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
June 15, 1934 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
October 1, 1930 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
December 31, 1926 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
June 5, 1926 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
November 23, 1925 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
August 31, 1921 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
April 29, 1920 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 25, 1918 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
August 26, 1918 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
August 23, 1918 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
October 16, 1917 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
November 28, 1913 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
March 26, 1913 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 4, 1912 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
June 1, 1910 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
May 26, 1910 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
September 9, 1905 appointments to Cabinet, Alberta Gazette
Min
Stoke-on-Trent City Council elections are held every four years. Stoke-on-Trent City Council is the local authority for the unitary authority of Stoke-on-Trent in the ceremonial county of Staffordshire, England. Since the last boundary changes in 2011, 44 councillors have been elected from 37 wards. New ward boundaries have been prepared to come into effect from the 2023 election.
Political control
From the federation of Stoke-on-Trent in 1910 until 1974, Stoke-on-Trent was a county borough, independent from any county council. The borough was awarded city status on 5 June 1925. Under the Local Government Act 1972 it became a non-metropolitan district, with Staffordshire County Council providing county-level services. The first election to the reconstituted city council was held in 1973, initially operating as a shadow authority before coming into its revised powers on 1 April 1974. The city became a unitary authority on 1 April 1997, regaining its independence from Staffordshire County Council. Political control of the council since 1910 has been held by the following parties:
County borough
Non-metropolitan district
Unitary authority
Leadership
The role of Lord Mayor of Stoke-on-Trent is largely ceremonial. Prior to 2002, political leadership was provided by the leader of the council. From 2002 to 2009, the city council had a directly elected mayor who acted as political leader. Since the abolition of the directly elected mayor position in 2009, leadership has again been provided by the leader of the council. The leaders since 1974 have been:
Leaders
Directly-elected mayors
Leaders
Council elections
1973 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1976 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1979 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election (New ward boundaries)
1980 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1982 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1983 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1984 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1986 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1987 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1988 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1990 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1991 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1992 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1994 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1995 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1996 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1998 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
1999 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2000 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2002 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election (New ward boundaries)
2003 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2004 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2006 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2007 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2008 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2010 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2011 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election (New ward boundaries)
2015 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
2019 Stoke-on-Trent City Council election
Mayoral elections
Stoke-on-Trent mayoral election, 2002
Stoke-on-Trent mayoral election, 2005
City result maps
By-election results
References
External links
Unitary authority elections in England
Council elections in Staffordshire
Thokar also called The Kick is 1939 Hindi/Urdu film directed by A. R. Kardar. Produced by Chandulal Shah for their production banner Ranjit Movietone, it had music by Gyan Dutt. The story writer was M. Sadiq, with cinematography by Gordhanbhi Patel. The cast included Kumar, Ishwarlal, Madhuri, Yakub, Noor Mohammed Charlie, Ram Marathe, Waheedan Bai and Dixit.
Thokar is cited as one of the "most interesting" films made by Kardar for Ranjit Movietone. The other was Pagal (1940).
The story involved a blind villager winning a lottery but they eventually realise that money can not bring happiness. Baburao Patel, editor of the cine magazine Filmindia, called it one of the "good social pictures" and "the best" from Chandulal Shah.
Plot
Mohan is a poor blind villager taking care of their ward Radha, who is in love with him. The village tramp, Ramesh (Charlie) sells them a lottery ticket. To Mohan's astonishment, they win the sweep-stakes but Ramesh wants their share. Ramesh takes Mohan to the city with the intention of getting their eyes treated. In the city, Ramesh deviously gets Mohan married off to a prostitute who is having an affair with Ramesh. When Mohan's eyesight is restored, they see their wealth diminishing, and an adulterous wife. They take revenge on Ramesh and their wife. Mohan finally returns to the village and to Radha.
Cast
Ishwarlal
Madhuri as Radha
Kumar as Mohan
Charlie as Ramesh
Yakub
Waheedan Bai
Dixit
Ram Marathe
Suresh
K. N. Singh
Wasti
Soundtrack
Charlie has been cited as "the first (Indian) comedian to have songs picturised on him", starting the trend with the song from Thokar, "Jab Se Mali Teri Khak". The music was composed by Gyan Dutt and the lyricist was Pyare Lal Santoshi. The singers were Waheedan Bai, Suresh, Ram Marathe and Charlie.
Song List
References
External links
1939 films
Films scored by Gyan Dutt
1930s Hindi-language films
Films directed by A. R. Kardar
Indian black-and-white films
The Electron T19 is a Ukrainian low-entry trolleybus, mass-produced since 2014. The model is commonly used in many cities of Ukraine.
Description
Cabin
The body of the trolleybus is a one-welded low-floor wagon type. It is made of ordinary steel with a surface or stainless steel. External cladding is made of aluminum-plastic Dibond composite and a front and rear fiberglass mask, which allows you to reliably protect the trolleybus from corrosion. Internal cladding is made of plastic. There are 34 seats in the cabin.
Electrical
An asynchronous motor is used as a traction motor. It is controlled by a frequency converter with a vector method. The control system provides a braking mode for the recovery of electricity into the contact network, in which, according to the manufacturer, the energy savings are up to 40%, compared to trolleybuses with self-sufficient control. The maximum speed of the trolleybus is limited to electronics at the level of 65 km/h.
Traffic safety is monitored by electronic control and control systems, the ABS system, as well as external and internal video surveillance cameras. The trolleybus has an on-board computer that constantly checks the condition of the trolleybus through the Controller Area Network.
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
The cabin is heated by air heaters. External view mirrors have electric heaters. Natural ventilation comes through the windows and hatches in the ceiling, if any. Depending on the configuration, the cabin and driver's cabin are equipped with air conditioning.
Devices for persons with disabilities
The body of the trolleybus is made low-floor, that is, it does not have stairs in the door, and for the additional convenience of boarding and disembarking passengers, kneeling is used, thanks to which the trolleybus at the stop descends from the side of the door, reducing the ground clearance. In the middle door there is an openable ramp for the arrival of a wheelchair in a specially adapted place with safety belts for fixation while driving. The trolleybus cabin as well as the middle doors are externally equipped with signal buttons.
History
Trolleybus Electron T19 was developed in 2013 by the designers of the Electrontrans plant, who were invited from the LAZ plant, which at that time was no longer actually working. Therefore, the new trolleybus received body and other elements similar to the LAZ E183 trolleybus.
The first Electron T19101 trolleybus was manufactured for the city of Lviv and transferred to LVKP "Lvivelectrotrans" at the end of September 2014. After the completion of the full cycle of tests on October 25, 2014, in Lviv, the trolleybus Electron T19 began regular transportation of passengers.
On December 22, 2014, Electron T19 was delivered to Khmelnytskyi. In total, the city purchased two such trolleybuses for ₴4,452,000.
During 2015–2016, Lviv continued to buy trolleybuses of this model. During the delivery, technical flaws were identified that became public: the manufacturer delivered a trolleybus with a faulty traction engine.
At the beginning of 2019, LVKP "Lvivelectrotrans" purchased 50 new trolleybuses on credit at the expense of the EBRD. As a result of the EBRD tender, the winner was LLC "Joint Ukrainian-German Enterprise "Electrontrans" and PJSC "Concern-Electron". The city received the first 10 trolleybuses in six months.
On November 4, 2019, Electrontrans presented the first batch of 10 cars.
On November 29, 2019, when LVKP "Lvivelectrotrans" received the first 10 cars, it turned out that the trolleybuses had 22 technical drawbacks and comments on the part of the customer. The terms of signing the acts of acceptance and transfer of trolleybuses were slightly shifted from the previously approved schedule. Accordingly, new trolleybuses entered the routes on December 15. [8] All subsequent batches of vehicles supplied by the manufacturer also failed with discovered remarks and flaws.
On September 21, 2020, LVKP "Lvivelectrotrans" received all 50 "Electron" trolleybuses. However, with significant delays in delivery schedules, the price of one car was 213 thousand Euros.
Modifications
Electron T19101 — 12-meter trolleybus with asynchronous engine DTA-2U1 manufactured by "PEMZ" (Pskov, Russia) and traction converter PTAD-202M-180-129 of the company "Cherhos"." It was produced from 2014 to 2016.
Electron T19102 — 12-meter trolleybus with asynchronous engine AD-903U1 manufactured by Elektrotyazhmash (Kharkiv) and traction converter ENI-ZNT200/EL/LW of ENIKA (Poland), produced since 2015.
Currently operating in
References
Low-entry buses
Trolleybuses
Vehicles introduced in 2014
Whittwood Town Center is a 65-acre open-air shopping center in Whittier, Southeast Los Angeles County, California, located on the southwest corner of Whittier Boulevard and Santa Gertrudes Avenue.
The shopping center has a gross leasable area of 841,936 square feet and is close to Interstate 605, Interstate 5, and the Pomona Freeway. Anchor stores include CVS Pharmacy, JC Penney, Kohl's, PetSmart, Sears, and Target.
History
Whittwood was built in the 1961 as a competitor to The Quad at Whittier. It had three anchor tenants: JC Penney on the east, The Broadway on the west, and Boston Store in the center. Sav-On was located across the northeast mall entrance from JC Penney.
Whittwood was originally an open-air mall, which was initially a success.
In the late 1970s, it was renovated and transformed into an enclosed mall. Mervyn's was added as a fourth anchor in the 1980s near The Broadway, giving the mall an "L" shape and adding additional small stores between The Broadway and Mervyn's. A food court was added near the entrance in the center of the mall on its southern side. Also in the 1980s, Mimi's Cafe was added as a standalone building in the northern part of the mall's massive parking lot. This would be the first of many standalone restaurants that would be added to the northern parking lot. Black Angus followed in the 1990s, and the rest of the single-occupant restaurant buildings in the north lot were added after the 2004 renovation. The exterior was remodeled in the late 1980s to lure businesses from The Quad, which had recently closed after being damaged by the 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake. Krikorian Theatres opened a 10-screen Premium movie theater complex on the back lot, which was later sold to Regal Cinemas. The theater closed in the mid-1990s. Boston Store closed down in the 1990s and wasn't replaced by a new anchor. In 1996, Federated Department Stores bought out The Broadway and decided not to convert the Whittwood store to a Macy's. It was closed and sold to Sears, which moved in by November of that year.
The mall closed in 2004, with the three separate anchors remaining open. Mervyn's went out of business at the end of 2008 and was replaced by Kohl's in 2009. The only shop open left in central mall building was Sav-On, now replaced by CVS Pharmacy. Not long after, the entire enclosed building that had connected the three remaining anchors was demolished, returning the JC Penney and Sears buildings to standalone buildings and making the Kohl's building a standalone building for the first time ever (when it was constructed, it was connected to the mall). CVS Pharmacy (the former Sav-On) moved to a new location in one of the many smaller newly built buildings within the mall property.
The mall was replaced by a new town center containing big box retailers, and new condos were built where the former theater was.
Transit Access
Tenants
Anchor Tenants:
24-Hour Fitness
CVS Pharmacy
JC Penney
Kohl's
Old Navy
PetSmart
Sears
Target
Vons
Other Notable Tenants:
AT&T
Bank of America
Black Angus Steakhouse
Buffalo Wild Wings
Carl's Jr.
Chick-Fil-A
Chipotle
Citibank
Edible Arrangements
The Habit Burger Grill
IHOP
Jamba Juice
Massage Envy
Mimi's Cafe
Miracle-Ear
Panda Express
Panera Bread
Red Robin
Ruby's Diner
See's Candies
Spectrum
T-Mobile
The UPS Store
US Post Office
Vans
Verizon Wireless
Wingstop
References
Shopping malls in Southeast Los Angeles County, California
Whittier, California
Shopping malls established in 1961
Mount Carl Heller is a 13,211-foot-elevation (4,031 meter) mountain summit located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in California. It is situated on the common border shared by Tulare County with Inyo County, as well as the shared boundary of Sequoia National Park and John Muir Wilderness. It is set west of the community of Lone Pine, 1.9 mile (3 km) north of Mount Whitney, and 0.6 mile (1 km) northwest of Tunnabora Peak, the nearest higher neighbor. Mount Carl Heller ranks as the 105th-highest summit in California. Topographic relief is significant as the west aspect rises approximately 1,755 feet (535 meters) above Wallace Lake in 0.38 mile (0.6 km).
History
The first ascent of the summit was made in August 1966 by Carl Heller and Al Green via the East Arête.
This landform is unofficially named after Dr. Carl Anthony Heller (1922–1984), founder of the China Lake Mountain Rescue Group in 1958. Their group's search and rescue operations in the Mount Whitney area saved many. They were a research chemist and mountaineer who made the first ascent of this peak. This feature has also been called "Vacation Peak", in association with its position immediately above Vacation Pass.
Climate
According to the Köppen climate classification system, Mount Carl Heller is located in an alpine climate zone. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks (orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range. Precipitation runoff from this mountain drains west to the Kern River via Wallace Creek, and east to Owens Valley via George Creek.
See also
List of mountain peaks of California
References
External links
Carl Heller biography: China Lake Mountain Rescue Group.org
Mt. Carl Heller climbing: Mountainproject.com
Mountains of Tulare County, California
Mountains of Sequoia National Park
Inyo National Forest
Mountains of Inyo County, California
Mountains of the John Muir Wilderness
North American 4000 m summits
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
Hawthornden or Hawthorndean is an apple cultivar that is used for cooking. It is also known as Wheeler's Kernel, Lincolnshire Pippin, and Lord Kingston, and has been incorrectly known as Maiden's Blush and Hawley.
References
Apple cultivars
British apples
Raja Veetu Pillai () is a 1967 Indian Tamil-language thriller film directed by Dada Mirasi and written by M. K. Santharam. It stars Jaishankar and Jayalalithaa. The music was provided by T. K. Ramamoorthy. It was a successful film on its release. The music was composed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu. Jayalalithaa dressed up as cowgirl with shorts and started off a trend.
Plot
Cast
Male cast
Jaishankar as Raja
M. N. Nambiar as Aanand
V. S. Raghavan as Raghunathan's father
Srikanth as Raghunathan
Thengai Srinivasan as Singaram
Female cast
Jayalalithaa as Raja's love interest
Pushpalatha as Geetha
Jayabharathi as Aananthi
Soundtrack
All the songs were written by Vaali and the music was composed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu
References
Bibliography
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1960s thriller films
1967 films
Indian thriller films
Johann Heinrich Blasius (7 October 1809 – 26 May 1870) was a German zoologist. Their son, August Wilhelm Heinrich Blasius (1845–1912), was an ornithologist.
Biography
In 1836, they were appointed as a professor at the Collegium Carolinum in Braunschweig. In 1840, they founded the Botanischer Garten der Technischen Universität Braunschweig. In 1859 they were appointed as the director of the newly founded Naturhistorisches Museum (Braunschweig) and in 1866 also of the Herzog Anton Ulrich Museum.
Writings
They were the author of two major books on vertebrates: "Fauna der Wirbelthiere Deutschlands" (1857), and "Die wirbelthiere Europa's" (Vertebrates of Europe, with Alexander Keyserling, 1840). They also wrote "Reise im Europäischen Russland in den Jahren 1840 und 1851" (Journey to European Russia in the years 1840 & 1851). In 1862 ornithologist Alfred Newton (1829–1907) published "A list of the birds of Europe", a translation based on Blasius' research.
Blasius was also an early contemporary critic of Darwin's Origin of Species:
I have also seldom read a scientific book which makes such wide-ranging conclusions with so few facts supporting them. … Darwin wants to show that kinds come from other kinds [German Arten]. I regard this as somewhat of a highhanded hypothesis, because they argue using unproven possibilities, without even naming a single example of the origin of a particular species. …
Zoologists who engage in empirical research would generally regard as valid only that which can be observed in an experiment or in free-living nature. And what one observes there is that the offspring of a plant or animal inevitably resembles the parents, i.e. they belong to the same kind. The immovability of the boundaries of the kinds is, for most of us, a law of nature.
References
NDB/ADB Deutsche Biographie
External links
The Darwin Correspondence Online Database
BHL Digitised Die wirbelthiere Europa's
WorldCat Identities Publications by Blasius.
1809 births
1870 deaths
Technical University of Braunschweig faculty
19th-century German zoologists
The pound was the currency of Delaware until 1793. Initially, sterling coin circulated along with foreign currencies. This was supplemented by local paper money from 1723. Although the local currency was denominated in £sd, it was worth less than sterling, with 1 Delaware shilling = 9 pence sterling.
The State of Delaware issued Continental currency denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars, with the dollar equal to 7 shillings and 6 pence. The Continental currency was replaced by the U.S. dollar at the rate of 1000 continental dollars = 1 U.S. dollar.
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Delaware
Economy of Delaware
The Mara River is a river in that begins in Narok County (Kenya) and in ends in Mara Region (Tanzania), and lies across the migration path of ungulates in the Maasai Mara/Serengeti ecosystem.
The River's Flow
The Mara River basin covers a surface of 13,504 km2, of which approximately 65% is located in Kenya and 35% in Tanzania. From its sources in the Kenyan highlands, the river flows for about 395 km and originates from the Mau Escarpment and drains into Lake Victoria. The basin can be roughly divided into four land use and/or administrative units.
The Mara's Regions
The Mau Escarpment: The Mara River originates from the Napuiyapi swamp (2932 m), with the main perennial tributaries being the Amala and the Nyangores, which drain from the western Mau Escarpment. This part of the basin supports besides forests, both small-scale agriculture (less than 10 acres) and medium-size farms (often tea farms up to 40 acres).
The Kenyan Rangelands: In this area, the Amala and Nyangores rivers flow out of the Mau Escarpment and converge to form the Mara River. The river then meanders further through open savannah grasslands that is mostly governed by Maasai group ranches and used as pasture for livestock and for both small — and large-scale agriculture (more than 40 acres). The basins of four important tributaries to the Mara (the Talek, Engare, Sand and Engito rivers) are also located in this area, together with some upland areas like the Loita Hills.
The Protected areas: Eventually the river flows into the world-famous Masai Mara National Reserve, where it merges with three of the four mentioned tributaries. On the Kenyan-Tanzanian border, the river flows into the Serengeti National Park and is joined by the fourth major tributary: the Sand (or Longaianiet) River. In these wildlife parks human activity is restricted to wildlife viewing.
Downstream in Mara Region Tanzania: Just after the Mara River flows out of Ikorongo Game Reserve (which borders Serengeti National Park) it meanders sharply northwards. At the location where the river meanders into the southwestern direction again the main channel is lost in different streams, which feed the downstream Mara Wetlands. These streams and wetlands continue for about 70 kilometres downstream. In this part of the basin human and livestock densities are high and small-scale subsistence agriculture is the main land use. The Mara River basin is one of the ten drainage basins that feed into Lake Victoria, and is therefore functionally and ecologically related to the socio-economic activities in Lake Victoria and along the River Nile.
Altitudes and Ranges
The altitudes in the basin range from 2,932 m around the sources in the Mau Escarpment to 1,134 m around Lake Victoria. The amount of precipitation varies according to these altitudes. The Mau Escarpment receives most rainfall with a mean annual rainfall between 1,000 and 1,750 mm. The transboundary middle savannah grasslands receive an average between 900 and 1,000 mm, and the Kenyan lower Loita hills and the area around Lake Victoria only about 700 and 850 mm rain per year. On top of this rainfall variability in space, the region is also known for its rainfall variability in time, which means that the different areas all receive variable amounts of rainfall over the year. The rainfall seasons are bi-modal, with the long rains starting in mid-March to June with a peak in April, while the short rains occur between September and December.
The Mara's Effects
The river is a vital source to grazing animals within the reserve. Although during the dry season it may often appear shallow, it may swell to up to twice its normal size after heavy rainfall. This can create rapids in the river, which may lead to shortage of food for predators that cannot cross the river to hunt.
See also
Nile River
Nzoia River
Yala River
Nyando River
Maasai Mara
Serengeti National Park
Mara Region
Narok County
References
External links
gabepalacio.com: Mara River virtual Tour (requires QuickTime plugin)
The Mara Triangle The Mara River defines the boundaries of the Mara Triangle in the Masai Mara
Serengeti Mara River flows from Masai Mara into Serengeti
Rivers of Kenya
Rivers of Tanzania
International rivers of Africa
Tributaries of Lake Victoria
Geography of Mara Region
"Other Lives" is the fifth episode of the second season of the American anthology crime drama television series True Detective. It is the 13th overall episode of the series and was written by series creator Nic Pizzolatto, and directed by John Crowley. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on July 19, 2015.
The season is set in California, and focuses on three detectives, Ray Velcoro (Colin Farrell), Ani Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) and Paul Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch), from three cooperating police departments and a criminal-turned-business person named Frank Semyon (Vince Vaughn) as they investigate a series of crimes they believe are linked to the murder of a corrupt politician. In the episode, the aftermath of the shootout impacts the lives of Velcoro, Bezzerides and Woodrugh, while Semyon keeps expanding their empire and investigating their own henchmen.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 2.42 million household viewers and gained a 1.0 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received mixed reviews from critics, who praised the "soft reboot" and new narrative, while others considered that it arrived too late in the season.
Plot
Two months after the shootout, deemed the "Vinci Massacre" by the media, Attorney General Geldof (C. S. Lee) closes Caspere's case, deeming their death as part of the Amarilla's activities and announces their bid for Governor. Velcoro (Colin Farrell) has quit the police and now works in private security for Semyon (Vince Vaughn).
Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) now works at the sheriff's office evidence lock-up and is forced to attend sexual harassment seminars, where some of their co-workers continue making comments about them Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch) has been promoted to detective in the fraud department and is settling the case with Lacey Lindel (Ashley Hinshaw), while also intending to marry Emily (Adria Arjona). While visiting Cynthia (Lolita Davidovich), they discover that they spent the $20,000 they earned in the War of Afghanistan and angrily confronts them as they needed the money for their family. Cynthia admits it but also claims to know about their gay sexual encounters, and they storm out.
Velcoro fighting for Chad's legal custody and is dismayed when they find that Gena (Abigail Spencer) asked for a paternity test. Needing the money, they ask Semyon for a new job and is assigned to watch over their right-hand man, Blake Churchman (Christopher James Baker), as they feel they can't trust them anymore. Velcoro follows Blake, who meets with Dr. Pitlor (Rick Springfield) to pick up girls at their offices and then deliver them to Osip (Timothy V. Murphy), with the help of Tony Chessani (Vinicius Machado).
While working on Vera's case, Bezzerides finds a connection between them and the cache of blue diamonds found in Caspere's safe deposit box. They ask Velcoro for help but they warn them to stay away from the case, as they are no longer detectives. Nevertheless, Katherine Davis (Michael Hyatt) secretly re-opens the case, as they suspect Geldof is working with Chessani (Ritchie Coster) to help their bid. They convince Velcoro to join them, intending to help them win the legal custody. However, they also reveal that they are not investigated as Gena's rapist was caught just a few weeks ago, making Velcoro realize that Semyon lied to them years ago. Semyon also talks with Jordan (Kelly Reilly) as their relationship seems to be dwindling. They state that for years, they suspected they could be infertile, which explains why they could never have children despite their many tries. This prompts Semyon to spend more time with them as they look for other methods.
Velcoro confronts Dr. Pitlor for their connections with Chessani and Caspere, brutally attacking them at their office. Pitlor confesses to modeling the girls for parties that were organized by Chessani and Caspere, with Tony also acting as a pimp. They invited many rich people to the parties and used hard drives as possible blackmail for their own purposes, one of them involving rail-line business person Jacob McCandless (Jon Lindstrom). They also confirm to having treated Chessani's previous wife in a psychiatric hospital though methods that led to them suicide.
Needing access to the parties, Bezzerides asks Athena (Leven Rambin) for help in getting inside. Woodrugh asks many diamond owners about Caspere's blue diamonds. An owner states the diamonds might be stolen and reveals that Detective Dixon (W. Earl Brown) already asked for information regarding the diamonds before their death and even before they discovered the safe deposit box. Later, they and Bezzerides arrive at a house in Guerneville, from where Vera supposedly called. Near the house, they find a shed, where evidence points to torture having taken place. In their house, Semyon and Jordan spend some time together when someone knocks at their door. Semyon answers, finding Velcoro, who needs to talk with him.
Production
Development
In June 2015, the episode's title was revealed as "Other Lives" and it was announced that series creator Nic Pizzolatto had written the episode while John Crowley had directed it. This was Pizzolatto's thirteenth writing credit, and Crowley's first directing credit.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 2.42 million viewers, earning a 1.0 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale. This means that 1 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a slight increase from the previous episode, which was watched by 2.36 million viewers with a 1.1 in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"Other Lives" received mixed reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 54% approval rating for the episode, based on 24 reviews, with an average rating of 6.3/10. The site's consensus states: "'Other Lives' succeeds in rebooting the characters of True Detective, but it might come too late in the season to create new tension."
Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "great" 8.2 out of 10 and wrote in their verdict, "While I like the fact that our heroes had to take a step back in order to move forward, and that the dots are finally starting to connect with regards to the larger conspiracy, everything that's coming back is doing so somewhat unspectacularly. We knew the missing girl was a part of this. And Dr. Pitlor. And Dixon. Despite the big action set piece from last week, the swimming pool still needs to be shocked."
Erik Adams of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "C" grade and wrote, "The lead story of the episode is a little bit of history repeating: Just as season one followed the demise of Reggie Ledoux with some fast forwarding and second guessing, season two jumps forward from the so-called 'Vinci massacre' to start raising questions of its own. The circumstances are strikingly similar, but following the first rounds of True Detective and Fargo, the surprise of 'Other Lives' is muted. And with the same thing happening at the same point in the season, it's almost as if the episode is arguing for a do-over on a signature element of season one."
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote, "There are some developments and moments in 'Other Lives' that I found promising, but that I would have found a whole lot more promising if I hadn't made it through the previous four chapters without finding many characters or stories worth caring about." Gwilym Mumford of The Guardian wrote, "Last week's bloody shootout seems to have done the trick: Nic Pizzolatto's faltering drama has burst back into life." Ben Travers of IndieWire gave the episode a "C-" grade and wrote, "We watched a shoddily-constructed hour of television with edits trying to mask bloated dialogue and more unfounded match cuts from convenient props to California's skyline/roads. When (or if) we look back on the season, 'Our Lives' will be the episode we all forget — or at least wish we could."
Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly wrote, "I'm not sure the drama was all that improved, and the dialogue was never more ridiculous, but at least 'Other Lives' left you feeling like you were getting somewhere. Including the end." Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine wrote, "Ironically, even though 'Other Lives' hints at the different lives its characters could experience at any given moment, it chooses to enmesh them even deeper in the ones they've unwittingly chosen."
Kenny Herzog of Vulture gave the episode a 4-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "The debate that will continue to rage has more to do with how Pizzolatto and their rotating crew of directors (this time noted theater director John W. Crowley) and co-writers have walked the line between subtly reconstituting genre tropes and haphazardly evoking them in earnest. Unless one would rather kibitz with Ani over the merits of length versus girth." Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode a 4-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "While cops go over the spent shrapnel at the city block-wide crime scene, the surviving squad members are as scattered as the buck shot that knocked Detective Ray Velcoro on their ass at the end of episode 2."
Carissa Pavlica of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 4-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "Overall, it's not easy to care too deeply about a case about corporate big wigs, sexual perversion and getting themselves caught on camera turning to murder, diamonds and collusion. It's a lot to drink in, so tying it in well with the protagonists is really important. They just started doing that with any meaning during this hour. Can it all come together in three more episodes? We'll find out." Shane Ryan of Paste gave the episode a 5.9 out of 10 and wrote, "True Detective has become a one-trick pony, and that's too bad, but man... what a trick."
References
External links
"Other Lives" at HBO
2015 American television episodes
True Detective episodes
Television episodes written by Nic Pizzolatto
The 1987–88 Bulgarian Cup was the 48th season of the Bulgarian Cup. CSKA Sofia won the competition, beating Levski Sofia 4–1 in the final at the Vasil Levski National Stadium in Sofia.
First round
Group 1
Vihren Sandanski was eliminated.
Group 2
Hebar Pazardzhik was eliminated.
Group 3
Litex Lovech was eliminated.
Group 4
Dobrudzha Dobrich was eliminated.
Group 5
Ludogorets Razgrad was eliminated.
Group 6
Tundzha Yambol was eliminated.
Group 7
Neftochimic Burgas was eliminated.
Group 8
Dimitrovgrad was eliminated.
Second round
Third round
In this round include the four teams, who participated in the European tournaments (CSKA, Levski, Botev Plovdiv and Lokomotiv Sofia)
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Details
References
1987-88
1987–88 domestic association football cups
Cup
Yasser Marta (born July 28, 1996) is a Filipino actor and model.  They are member of GMA's all-male group « One Up ».
Personal life
Marta was born in Las Piñas to a Filipino mom and Portuguese father. They study at Lyceum of the Philippines University. They started showbiz when they joined Eat Bulaga's segment, Spogify. They then bagged minor roles in GMA Network shows and is now part of GMA's newest boyband, One Up.
Filmography
Television
References
'Spogify' grand finalist Yasser Marta, very passionate daw kapag in love. Retrieved 2017-06-29
ONE UP YASSER MARTA SPOGIFY EAT BULAGA POP STAR KIDS STARSTRUCK TO THE TOP GMA ARTIST CENTER GMA KAPUSO BOYBAND 1 Retrieved 2017-06-29
1996 births
Filipino male television actors
Filipino male models
Living people
GMA Network personalities
People from Las Piñas
Male actors from Metro Manila
Filipino people of Portuguese descent
Vladislav Kodola (born 30 October 1996) is a Belarusian ice hockey player for HC Dynamo Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) and the Belarusian national team.
On 17 June 2022, Kodola left their original club, Severstal Cherepovets, after seven seasons as they were traded to Dynamo Moscow in exchange for Alexander Petunin.
They represented Belarus at the 2021 IIHF World Championship.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Belarusian expatriate ice hockey people
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Belarusian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Belarusian ice hockey centres
HC Izhstal players
Saginaw Spirit players
Sarnia Sting players
Severstal Cherepovets players
Sportspeople from Gomel
Zinaspa is an Indomalayan genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Zinaspa zana de Nicéville, 1898
Zinaspa todara (Moore, [1884]) - silver-streaked acacia blue
Zinaspa youngi Hsu & Johnson, 1998
Zinaspa distorta (de Nicéville, 1887)
External links
"Zinaspa de Nicéville in Marshall & de Nicéville, 1890" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Arhopalini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lionel de Nicéville
WNIJ (89.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to DeKalb, Illinois. The station is owned by Northern Illinois University, and is the flagship of Northern Public Radio's news/talk network, airing NPR news and adult album alternative) music programming.
External links
Northern Public Radio
NIJ
DeKalb, Illinois
Northern Illinois University
NPR member stations
NIJ
Radio stations established in 1954
Willard J. Peterson is an American historian and sinologist.  They are Gordon Wu '58 Professors of Chinese Studies, Emeritus, and Professor of East Asian Studies and History, Emeritus at Princeton University. Their research specialties include early Chinese philosophy and Chinese intellectual history and history of science during the Ming and Qing dynasties.
Academic career
Peterson received their training as a sinologist from D. C. Lau and A. C. Graham in London in the 1960s. They went on to earn their Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1970 and began teaching at Princeton University.
Peterson's early works focus on prominent Chinese intellectual figures in the seventeenth century such as Gu Yanwu and Fang Yizhi by placing their writings in the context of new trends of Neo-Confucian philosophy after Wang Yangming as well as the Ming-Qing transition. In the 1980s, they published some of their most influential works in the Sinology circle, including their original annotation on the classical Chinese text The Book of Change, and a series of seminal papers on the Jesuit missionaries and their role in facilitating interactions of scientific knowledges between the East and West in early modern global history. Later, they became an important contributor and editor of the renowned The Cambridge History of China. They were the head editor of its two-part volume 9 on history of the first half of the Qing dynasty, published in 2002 and 2016, respectively.
At Princeton University, Peterson taught a wide range of classes on Chinese philosophy and Chinese history before their retirement in 2020.
Notable publications
Peterson, Willard J. (1968). "The Life of Ku Yen-wu (1613-1682)." Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies 28: 114-156.
—— (1973). "Western Natural Philosophy Published in Late Ming China." Proceedings of the American Philosophical Society, 117 (4): 295-322.
—— (1979). Bitter Gourd: Fang I-chih and the Impetus for Intellectual Change. New Haven: Yale University Press.
—— (1979). "The Grounds of Mencius' Argument." Philosophy East and West 29 (3): 307-321.
—— (1980). "'Chinese Scientific Philosophy' and Some Chinese Attitudes towards Knowledge about the Realm of Heaven-and-Earth." Past & Present 87: 20-30.
—— (1982). "Making Connections: The Commentary on the Attached Verbalizations in the Book of Change." Harvard Journal of Asiatic Studies 42 (1): 67-116.
—— (1986). "Calendar Reform Prior to the Arrival of Missionaries at the Ming Court." Ming Studies, 1986: 45-61.
—— (1988). "Squares and Circles: Mapping the History of Chinese Thought." Journal of the History of Ideas 49: 47-60.
—— (1988). "Why Did They Become Christians? Yang T'ing-yün, Li Chih-tsao and Hsü Kuang-ch'i." East Meets West: The Jesuits in China, 1592-1773. Chicago: Loyola University Press.
—— (1994). "What to Wear? Observation and Participation by Jesuit Missionaries in Late Ming Society." Implicit Understandings: Observing, Reporting and Reflecting on the Encounters Between Europeans and Other Peoples in the Early Modern Era. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
—— (1994). "Ssu-ma Ch'ien as Cultural Historian." The Power of Culture: Studies in Chinese Cultural History. Hong Kong: Chinese University Press.
—— (1998). "Confucian Learning in Late Ming Thought." The Cambridge History of China: Volume 8, The Ming Dynasty, Part 2: 1368–1644. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
—— (1998). "Learning from Heaven: The Introduction of Christianity and Other Western ideas into Late Ming China." The Cambridge History of China: Volume 8, The Ming Dynasty, Part 2: 1368–1644. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Yu, Pauline, Peter Bol, Stephen Owen and Willard Peterson, eds. (2000). Ways with Words: Writing about Reading Texts from Early China. Berkeley, California: University of California Press.
Peterson, Willard J., ed. (2002). The Cambridge History of China: Volume 9, The Ch'ing Dynasty to 1800, Part 1. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
—— (2016). The Cambridge History of China: Volume 9, The Ch'ing Dynasty to 1800, Part 2. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Notable students
Peter Bol (Charles H. Carswell Professor of East Asian Languages and Civilizations, Harvard University, USA)
David M. Robinson (Robert H. N. Ho Professor in Asian Studies and Professor of History, Colgate University, USA)
References
Princeton University faculty
University of Rochester alumni
Alumni of SOAS University of London
Harvard University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American sinologists
Aagot Norman (29 July 1892 – 22 February 1979) was a Norwegian swimmer. They set two Norwegian records in 100m freestyle at the short course and they attended the 100m freestyle during the 1912 Summer Olympics. This was the first time swimming was on the program for women. They did not finish during the first round.
Norwegian national records by Aagot Norman
References
External links
Aagot Norman – Olympic athlete profile at Sports-Reference.com
1892 births
1979 deaths
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Norway
The Execution of Torrijos and their Companions on the Beach at Málaga (Spanish: Fusilamiento de Torrijos y sus compañeros en las playas de Málaga) is a painting by Antonio Gisbert Pérez.
It is considered one of the finest pieces of Spanish history painting from the 19th century.
Commissioned by Prime Minister Práxedes Mateo Sagasta in 1886, Gisbert completed in 1888. It has been used as vehicle for conveying the Spanish nation building from a perspective of the defence of Liberty.
On 11 December 1831, following direct orders from Ferdinand VII and without any sort of trial, José María Torrijos was executed on the beach of Málaga, together with other companions (such as and Francisco Fernández Golfín), including both military and civilians. The painting depicts the scene.
Today, it is displayed in Madrid's Museo del Prado.
Description and characteristics
José María de Torrijos y Uriarte, also known as General Torrijos, was a Spanish liberal soldier and politician remembered above all for their bitter fight against the absolutism that Ferdinand VII of Spain wanted to impose, which cost Torrijos prison and exile.
Outstanding military man who became captain general of Valencia, field marshal and minister of war during the Liberal Triennium (1820-1823), Torrijos prepared the so-called Torrijos pronouncement from their exile in England (1824-1830), where they lived thanks in part to the aid granted by the Duke of Wellington to the Spanish exiles who had fought under their command in the Spanish War of Independence. On December 2, 1831, together with sixty of their closest associates, they landed on the beaches of Malaga from Gibraltar. There they were betrayed by Governor Vicente González Moreno, who had promised them their support, and they were captured by absolutist troops. Eight days later, on December 11 and without trial, Torrijos was shot along with forty-eight of their companions on the beaches of Malaga.
In the painting, the prisoners are lined up with their hands tied, while some friars are busy blindfolding them and trying to offer the condemned one last consolation. Behind them the firing squad awaits orders, while in the foreground, on the ground, some men lie already dead in a clearly Goyesque detail.
Torrijos is in the center of the composition, standing out slightly from the rest of the characters. To their left, holding their hand, is an elderly man, Francisco Fernández Golfín, former Minister of War, and to the right, holding their hand, Manuel Flores Calderón, dressed in a pale frock coat. To their right are Colonel López Pinto, the English officer Robert Boyd and Francisco Borja Pardio.
References
1888 paintings
Paintings of the Museo del Prado by Spanish artists
Paintings about death
The Province of Alsace (Province d'Alsace) was an administrative region of the Kingdom of France and one of the many provinces formed in the late 1600s. In 1648, the Landgraviate of Upper-Alsace was absorbed into the Kingdom of France and subsequently became the Province of Alsace, which it remains an integral part of for almost 150 years. In 1790, as a result of the Decree dividing France into departments, the province was disestablished and split into three departments: Bas-Rhin (Lower Rhine), Haut-Rhin (Upper Rhine), and part of Moselle.
History
In 1469, following the , Upper Alsace was sold by Archduke Sigismund of Austria to Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy. Although Charles was the nominal landlord, taxes were paid to Frederick III, Holy Roman Emperor. The latter was able to use this tax and a dynastic marriage to their advantage to gain back full control of Upper Alsace (apart from the free towns, but including Belfort) in 1477 when it became part of the demesne of the Habsburg family, who were also rulers of the empire. The town of Mulhouse joined the Swiss Confederation in 1515, where it was to remain until 1798.
By the time of the Protestant Reformation in the 16th century, Strasbourg was a prosperous community, and its inhabitants accepted Protestantism in 1523. Martin Bucer was a prominent Protestant reformer in the region. Their efforts were countered by the Roman Catholic Habsburgs who tried to eradicate heresy in Upper Alsace. As a result, Alsace was transformed into a mosaic of Catholic and Protestant territories. On the other hand, Mömpelgard (Montbéliard) to the southwest of Alsace, belonging to the Counts of Württemberg since 1397, remained a Protestant enclave in France until 1793.
This situation prevailed until 1639, when most of Alsace was conquered by France to keep it out of the hands of the Spanish Habsburgs, who by secret treaty in 1617 had gained a clear road to their valuable and rebellious possessions in the Spanish Netherlands, the Spanish Road. Beset by enemies and seeking to gain a free hand in Hungary, the Habsburgs sold their Sundgau territory (mostly in Upper Alsace) to France in 1646, which had occupied it, for the sum of 1.2 million Thalers. When hostilities were concluded in 1648 with the Treaty of Westphalia, most of Alsace was recognized as part of France, although some towns remained independent. The treaty stipulations regarding Alsace were complex. Although the French king gained sovereignty, existing rights and customs of the inhabitants were largely preserved. France continued to maintain its customs border along the Vosges mountains where it had been, leaving Alsace more economically oriented to neighbouring German-speaking lands. The German language remained in use in local administration, in schools, and at the (Lutheran) University of Strasbourg, which continued to draw students from other German-speaking lands. The 1685 Edict of Fontainebleau, by which the French king ordered the suppression of French Protestantism, was not applied in Alsace. France did endeavour to promote Catholicism. Strasbourg Cathedral, for example, which had been Lutheran from 1524 to 1681, was returned to the Catholic Church. However, compared to the rest of France, Alsace enjoyed a climate of religious tolerance.
France consolidated its hold with the 1679 Treaties of Nijmegen, which brought most remaining towns under its control. France seized Strasbourg in 1681 in an unprovoked action. These territorial changes were recognised in the 1697 Treaty of Ryswick that ended the War of the Grand Alliance. But Alsace still contained islands of territory nominally under the sovereignty of German princes and an independent city-state at Mulhouse. These enclaves were established by law, prescription and international consensus.
Government
Following the governmental reforms of 1773, the Province of Alsace formed part of the Government of Alsace (Gouvernement d'Alsace). The province itself was further divided into two 'regions': Lower Alsace (North) and Upper Alsace (South).
Following the Decree dividing France into departments announced on 22 December 1789, the Province of Alsace was disestablished. The majority of the county formed the majority of the new Department of Charente-Maritime, while the south-eastern portion formed the departments of Bas-Rhin (Lower Rhine), Haut-Rhin (Upper Rhine), and part of Moselle.
Culture
Alsace historically was part of the Holy Roman Empire and the German realm of culture. Since the 17th century, the region has passed between German and French control numerous times, resulting in a cultural blend. German traits remain in the more traditional, rural parts of the culture, such as the cuisine and architecture, whereas modern institutions are totally dominated by French culture.
Symbolism
Strasbourg
Strasbourg's arms are the colours of the shield of the Bishop of Strasbourg (a band of red on a white field, also considered an inversion of the arms of the diocese) at the end of a revolt of the burghers during the Middle Ages who took their independence from the teachings of the Bishop. It retains its power over the surrounding area.
Flags
There is controversy around the recognition of the Alsatian flag. The authentic historical flag is the Rot-un-Wiss; Red and White are commonly found on the coat of arms of Alsatian cities (Strasbourg, Mulhouse, Sélestat...) and of many Swiss cities, especially in Basel's region. The German region Hesse uses a flag similar to the Rot-un-Wiss. As it underlines the Germanic roots of the region, it was replaced in 1949 by a new "Union jack-like" flag representing the union of the two départements. It has, however, no real historical relevance. It has been since replaced again by a slightly different one, also representing the two départements. With the purpose of "Francizing" the region, the Rot-un-Wiss has not been recognized by Paris. Some overzealous statesmen have called it a Nazi invention – while its origins date back to the 11th century and the Red and White banner of Gérard de Lorraine (aka. d'Alsace). The Rot-un-Wiss flag is still known as the real historical emblem of the region by most of the population and the départements' parliaments and has been widely used during protests against the creation of a new "super-region" gathering Champagne-Ardennes, Lorraine and Alsace, namely on Colmar's statue of liberty.
Language
Although German dialects were spoken in Alsace for most of its history, the dominant language in Alsace today is French.
The traditional language of the région is Alsatian, an Alemannic dialect of Upper German spoken on both sides of the Rhine and closely related to Swiss German. Some Frankish dialects of West Central German are also spoken in "Alsace Bossue" and in the extreme north of Alsace. Neither Alsatian nor the Frankish dialects have any form of official status, as is customary for regional languages in France, although both are now recognized as languages of France and can be chosen as subjects in lycées.
Although Alsace has been part of France multiple times in the past, the region had no direct connection with the French state for several centuries. From the end of the Roman Empire (5th century) to the French annexation (17th century), Alsace was politically part of the German world.
The towns of Alsace were the first to adopt the German language as their official language, instead of Latin, during the Lutheran Reform. It was in Strasbourg that German was first used for the liturgy. It was also in Strasbourg that the first German Bible was published in 1466.
Footnotes
Further reading
Gerson, Daniel. Die Kehrseite der Emanzipation in Frankreich: Judenfeindschaft im Elsass 1778 bis 1848. Essen: Klartext, 2006. .
Kaeppelin, Charles E. R, and Mary L. Hendee. Alsace Throughout the Ages. Franklin, Pa: C. Miller, 1908.
Lazer, Stephen A. State Formation in Early Modern Alsace, 1648–1789. Rochester: University of Rochester Press, 2019.
Putnam, Ruth. Alsace and Lorraine: From Cæsar to Kaiser, 58 B.C.–1871 A.D. New York: 1915.
Alsace
History of Alsace
History of Bas-Rhin
History of Haut-Rhin
History of Moselle (department)
States and territories established in 1648
States and territories disestablished in 1790
Former provinces of France
Innospec Inc., formerly known as Octel Corporation and Associated Octel Company, Ltd., is a specialty chemical company. It comprises three business units: Fuel Specialties, responsible for the development and supply of additives for fuels and which also includes the company's activities in its Oilfield Chemicals division, Performance Chemicals, which focuses on products for the Personal Care industry and also provides products for the Polymers markets, and Octane Additives, which is the last remaining non-Chinese producer of tetraethyllead (TEL) used in the manufacture of 100LL avgas throughout the world. The company has recently sparked controversy due to its being the only company that continues to export leaded petrol from the UK to Algeria despite pledging to stop several times.
Locations
Innospec is headquartered in Englewood, Colorado, and has major regional centers in the United Kingdom and Singapore, along with international offices and processing facilities in China, UAE, Cyprus, South Korea, and India.
Production plants are located in multiple countries including UK, France, Germany, Philippines, the United States, Italy and Spain.
The company has around 2000 employees located in 20 countries.
Acquisitions and divestments
Innospec has made the following recent acquisitions and divestments:
Strata Control was acquired in December 2013 in Oilfield Drilling Specialties.
Chemsil Silicones and Chemtec were acquired in September 2013 in Personal Care.
Bachman Services was acquired in November 2013 in Oilfield Production Specialties.
Independence Oilfield Chemicals was acquired in November 2014 in Oilfield Chemicals.
Innospec divested its Aroma Chemicals business to Emerald Kalama in July 2015.
As of January 1, 2016; Bachman, Strata and Independence Oilfield Chemicals have been reorganized into one company, Innospec Oilfield Specialties.
On January 3, 2017, Innospec announced it had completed the acquisition of the European Differentiated Surfactants business from Huntsman
Products
Innospec markets detergents, cold flow improvers, lubricity improvers, corrosion inhibitors, antioxidants, cetane improvers, TEL, and a range of other chemicals as fuel additives.
The Oilfield Services division provides products and services for drilling, fracturing & stimulation and production operations to customers in the oil and gas industry
In Personal Care, the company makes a range of high performance surfactants, emollients and silicone formulations.
Criminal activities
In 2007 US authorities alerted the UK SFO to Innospec's activities which had come to their attention via a UN committee and a complaint filed with SEC involving their Iraqi agents and former company executives. On March 10, 2010, Innospec pled guilty in the U.S. to a 12-count indictment for defrauding the United Nations using kickbacks under the UN Oil for Food Program (OFFP) and making bribe payments to officials in Iraqi Oil Ministry. In addition, the company further admitted to violating the U.S. embargo against Cuba, by previously selling chemicals to Cuban industrial plants. In a 2010 investigation by The Guardian and Guardian Films, published in June, Innospec, while trading as company Octel, was revealed to have been bribing officials in Iraq and Indonesia with millions of dollars in order to continue using TEL as a fuel additive. TEL causes brain damage in children through elevated lead levels. The investigations resulted in the convictions of four executives, three of whom were sentenced to prison. The company negotiated a global settlement, although this was condemned by Lord Justice Thomas of the UK during sentencing. In October 2014 the convictions of Miltiades Papachristos, a sales executive in the Pacific region, and Dennis Kerrison, a former CEO, for conspiracy to corrupt were upheld against appeals. The other two execs had pled guilty. One of the executives, David Turner, received a suspended sentence for testifying against the other executives. The company was released from its Monitor supervision and successfully completed its parole period in early 2015.
References
External links
Chemical companies of the United States
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Companies based in Englewood, Colorado
Shoulderbone Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a tributary to the Oconee River.
Shoulderbone Creek received its name in the 1780s, but the reason this name was applied is unknown.
References
Rivers of Georgia (U.S. state)
Rivers of Hancock County, Georgia
This is a descriptive list of the various trade tariffs and customs duties which apply in Pakistan.
Import duty
Custom duties are levied according to the rates given in the First Schedule, which includes:
Goods imported to Pakistan
Goods purchased in bond from one custom station to another
Goods brought from a foreign country to any customs station that are trans-shipped or transported without the payment of duty to another customs station.
Export duty
Pakistan does not levy an export duty.
Regulatory duty
The Federal Government can impose limitations or restrictions on regulatory duty on all or any of the imported or exported goods through a notification in the official Gazette. Such limitations or restrictions, according to the First Schedule, should not exceed 100% of the goods value, as specified under Section 25-1B or Section 25-A. Such regulations are applicable from the day they are specified in the Gazette notification.
Additional customs duty
The Federal Government can impose additional customs duty on imported goods specified in the First Schedule through a notification in the official Gazette. The additional customs duty should not exceed 35% of the goods value, as specified under Section 25-2A or Section 25A-2b.
References
Law of Pakistan
Foreign trade of Pakistan
Tariffs
Tariffs
A foaming agent is a material such as a surfactant or a blowing agent that facilitates the formation of foam. A surfactant, when present in small amounts, reduces surface tension of a liquid (reduces the work needed to create the foam) or increases its colloidal stability by inhibiting coalescence of bubbles. A blowing agent is a gas that forms the gaseous part of the foam.
Surfactants
Sodium laureth sulfate, or sodium lauryl ether sulfate (SLES), is a detergent and surfactant found in many personal care products (soaps, shampoos, toothpastes, etc.). It is an inexpensive and effective foamer. Sodium lauryl sulfate (also known as sodium dodecyl sulfate or SDS) and ammonium lauryl sulfate (ALS) are commonly used alternatives to SLES in consumer products.
Co-surfactants
Surfactants which are less effective at foam production, may have additional co-surfactants added to increase foaming. In which case, the co-surfactant is referred to as the foaming agent. These are surfactants used in lower concentration in a detergent system than the primary surfactant, often the cocamide family of surfactants. Cocamide foaming agents include the nonionic cocamide DEA and Cocamidopropylamine Oxide, and the zwitterionic cocamidopropyl betaine and cocamidopropyl hydroxysultaine.
Blowing agents
There are two main types of blowing agents: gases at the temperature that the foam is formed, and gases generated by chemical reaction. Carbon dioxide, pentane, and chlorofluorocarbons are examples of the former. Blowing agents that produce gas via chemical reactions include baking powder, azodicarbonamide, titanium hydride, and isocyanates (when they react with water).
See also
Antifoaming agent
Sodium coceth sulfate
Sodium lauryl sulfate
Sodium bicarbonate
Sodium laureth sulfate
Surfactants
References
Surfactants
Foams
Building materials
Bruno Vattovaz (20 February 1912 in Koper, Austria-Hungary – 5 October 1943) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the coxed fours competition.
External links
profile
1912 births
1943 deaths
Sportspeople from Koper
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Congregation Beth Israel () is a Jewish congregation located at 10460 North 56th Street in Scottsdale, Arizona. Formally incorporated in 1920, it affiliated with the Reform Judaism in 1935.
Abraham Lincoln Krohn was rabbi of Beth Israel from 1938 to 1953, and during their tenure the congregation grew from under 100 to almost 600 member families. They were succeeded by Albert Plotkin, who served for almost 40 years.
Beth Israel's original building in Downtown Phoenix, constructed in 1921–1922, is listed on both the city's historic property register and the National Register of Historic Places. After being sold in 1949, it housed churches until 2002, when the Jewish community repurchased it. In 2007 the Arizona Jewish Historical Society started a $4 million campaign to restore it and convert it into a museum.
, Beth Israel was the oldest synagogue in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The senior rabbi was Stephen Kahn, the associate rabbi was Sara Mason-Barkin, and the cantor was Seth Ettinger.
Early years, first building
Jewish settlers in Phoenix began gathering for High Holiday services as early as 1906. A formal congregation was established by Barnett E. Marks, a lawyer from Chicago, who held services in a room over Melczer's saloon, and also organized a Sunday School to provide a Jewish education for their two sons. By 1918 the congregation was calling itself "Emanuel", and holding services in English and Hebrew on the Jewish Festivals. In 1920, the congregation incorporated as "Congregation Beth Israel". Its first rabbi was David L. Liknaitz, and its first president was Charles Steinberg. Liknaitz would serve until 1924.
Services were held in a number of temporary locations. In 1915 and 1917 respectively the local chapters of the B'nai B'rith and the National Council of Jewish Women were formed. Together they purchased a church in 1921, and converted it for use as a Phoenix's first synagogue by the Phoenix Hebrew Center Association. The Association soon became defunct, and the building was taken over by the Congregation Beth Israel.
That year the congregation raised $14,000 (today $) and hired the architectural firm Lescher, Kibbey and Mahoney to design and construct a synagogue building near Central Avenue and Culver Street, in Downtown Phoenix. The building, a simple, stuccoed, gable-end-to-the-street Mission Revival Style structure, was constructed in 1921–1922, and an annex added in 1930.
At the time the building was constructed, the Phoenix area had only 120 Jewish residents. The synagogue served as a cultural center for the Jewish community, including hosting communal Passover Seders, at a time when Jews faced discrimination at hotels and other places of public gathering.
During the 1920s the synagogue had difficulty keeping rabbis. Most would only stay for a few years, and one in particular was suspected of being a charlatan; "[t]he rabbi college where they claimed they attended had no record of him." A.I. Goldberg served from 1924 to 1925, Adolph Rosenberg from 1926 to 1929.
In 1930, the congregation became divided over the need for the Jewish community to hire a shochet to ritually slaughter animals for kosher meat, and over whether the synagogue should hire a Reform or Conservative rabbi. More traditional members broke away to form the Beth El Congregation, affiliated with Conservative Judaism.
That year Samuel Dodkin Hurwitz was hired as Beth Israel's rabbi. Born in Krychaw, Belarus, in 1901, their family emigrated to the United States in 1903. They graduated from the University of Cincinnati in 1926, and was ordained at Hebrew Union College in 1929. Their first pulpit, from 1929 to 1930, was Temple Emanuel in Davenport, Iowa. In 1934 they were appointed to the board of the Phoenix Public Library. In 1935 they left Beth Israel to become rabbi at Temple Beth El in Benton Harbor, Michigan.
Philip W. Jaffa, ordained at Hebrew Union College in 1928, joined as rabbi in 1935. They adopted the Reform Judaism's Union Prayer Book and its religious school curriculum, and added choir music to the services. That year much of the synagogue building was destroyed by a fire, and Jaffa's whole library was lost. The congregation re-built the structure, extensively remodeling the sanctuary, and added a religious school building/classroom annex. Jaffa would serve until 1938.
Krohn era
Abraham Lincoln Krohn became Beth Israel's rabbi in 1938, replacing Jaffa, who was not well. At the time, the congregation had 100 or fewer member families, and 64 children in the religious school. Born in 1893 and named after Abraham Lincoln, Krohn was one of eight children of Russian Jews who had immigrated to the United States. Their first career was as a social worker, but during a chance meeting, Stephen Samuel Wise was "so impressed with Krohn's compassion, intellect and eloquence [that] they strongly urged them to consider a career in the rabbinate." Krohn entered Wise's Jewish Institute of Religion in 1926, and graduated as a rabbi in 1930. They then served as assistant rabbi of Temple Sholom in Plainfield, New Jersey, for a year, then as senior rabbi at Temple Albert in Albuquerque, New Mexico, for almost seven years, before joining Beth Israel.
Krohn was heavily involved in the community. According to Ira Morton of the Arizona Jewish Historical Society:
The organizations they served in the capacity of president or board member include B'nai Brith, the Urban League, the Maricopa Mental Health Association and Child Guidance Clinic, Phoenix Public Library, Phoenix Elementary School District, the American Red Cross, the Roosevelt Council of Boy Scouts, the United Fund (later changed to United Way) and the Jewish Family Service (now Jewish Family & Children's Service), which Krohn founded. Krohn also served as president of the Valley of the Sun Symphony Orchestra, which later became the Phoenix Symphony, moderator of a Phoenix town hall lecture series, lecturer in biblical literature at Arizona State University and as a civilian chaplain for neighboring military bases and hospitals during World War II.
During Krohn's tenure the congregation began calling itself "Temple Beth Israel", and under their leadership the synagogue flourished.
During World War II, Beth Israel provided religious services for servicemen stationed at Luke Air Force Base, and hosted dances for the military personnel there. In 1942, the congregation started its Judaica library, which initially consisted of 60 works on one shelf.
By the late 1940s, the congregation had increased in size to approximately 300 families, and had outgrown its original facilities. The congregation moved to a more suburban location at Eleventh and Flower in 1949, and formalized its relationship with the Reform movement by joining the Union of American Hebrew Congregations (now the Union for Reform Judaism). The Central Avenue and Culver Street building was sold to the Southern Baptist Convention, and housed the First Chinese Baptist Church until 1981, and then the Iglesia Bautista Central. By 2001 it was on the market again, and the Jewish community raised $540,000 (today $) to purchase it in 2002. The building is listed on both the city's historic property register and the National Register of Historic Places.
When Krohn stepped down as rabbi in 1953 due to poor health, the congregation had grown to 538 families. Krohn had also been active in interfaith work, and in June, 1958 was named Man of the Year by the National Conference of Christians and Jews at its annual dinner. They are, however, too ill to attend, and died five months later.
Plotkin and Segel eras
By 1955, Phoenix's Jewish population had grown to over 3,000 families, and the city still had two Jewish congregations, Beth Israel and Beth El. That year, with the support of Krohn, Albert Plotkin joined Beth Israel as rabbi. Born in 1920 and raised in South Bend, Indiana, their parents were immigrants from Russia. After getting an undergraduate degree from the University of Notre Dame, they entered Hebrew Union College in 1943 – on academic probation, because they had taken no Hebrew at Notre Dame. They were ordained by Hebrew Union College in 1948, graduating with a Master of Hebrew Letters. Plotkin had started their rabbinic career as assistant rabbi of Temple De Hirsch in Seattle, their first pulpit after ordination. There they met their future wife Sylvia Pincus, whose family were long-time members of Temple De Hirsch. They married a year later, and shortly after moved to Spokane, Washington, where Plotkin became senior rabbi at Temple Emanuel.
During their tenure at Beth Israel, Plotkin was heavily involved in Phoenix's Jewish and non-Jewish communities. They were a strong Zionist at Hebrew Union College, at a time when the movement was unpopular there, and was later a staunch supporter of Israel. They were an advocate for civil rights, and a supporter of the arts. They founded the Jewish Studies program at Arizona State University and taught there, and volunteered for 25 years as a chaplain at Phoenix Veterans Hospital. In 1972, the National Conference of Christians and Jews awarded them the National Award for Brotherhood.
Beth Israel added a "cultural and educational wing" to its Flower Street building in 1967, and in it Sylvia Plotkin founded a Jewish museum. The museum had three galleries: one "house[d] artifacts from a Tunisian synagogue, a second [held] a Judaica collection that chronicle[d] the history of Arizona Jewry and a third [was] used for exhibitions." Sylvia Plotkin would direct the museum until their death in 1996, acquiring and mounting many exhibitions there. Renamed the "Sylvia Plotkin Judaica Museum" the day before their death, it was "one of the largest and most respected synagogue museums in the United States." After Plotkin's death, Pamela Levin became the museum's director; they had begun working with Plotkin as a volunteer in 1985, and eventually earned a degree in museum studies.
Albert Plotkin would themselves go on to serve as the congregation's rabbi for almost 40 years, retiring in 1992, and becoming rabbi emeritus. They loved opera music, and two years after retiring, they sang professionally with the Arizona Opera. The Plotkins' daughter Debra would become the founding artistic director of the Toronto Jewish Film Festival, and their daughter Janis was, for 21 years, one of the main forces behind the San Francisco Jewish Film Festival, and its executive director from 1994 to 2002.
Plotkin was succeeded by Kenneth Segel in 1992, and the following year Howard Tabaknek joined as cantor. In 1997, the congregation moved to its current location at 10460 North 56th Street and Shea Boulevard. The building had a main sanctuary that seated 500, and a chapel that seated 300. The Torah ark was decorated with "fused glass surrounded by colored glass".
Tabaknek left to join Temple Shalom in Succasunna, New Jersey in 2000, and was replaced by Andrew Meyer as cantor and Michael Sokol as "cantorial soloist". Meyer had previously served for five years as spiritual leader of Temple Beth Emeth in Scottsdale, Arizona. Sokol, who grew up in Phoenix and had their Bar Mitzvah at Beth Israel, was a professor of voice and opera at University of California, Santa Barbara, and sang with New York's Metropolitan Opera for three years.
Segel would serve as rabbi until 2002, moving to Temple Beth Or in Montgomery, Alabama.
Recent events
Stephen Kahn became Beth Israel's rabbi in July 2003. By then, membership was approximately 1,000 families, the largest Jewish congregation in Arizona. The congregational library, which was open to the public, had grown to over 20,000 volumes, making it one of the largest Judaica libraries in the Southwestern United States.
For financial reasons, Levin's job as museum director was reduced from 25 to 12 hours per week in 2004, and the position made volunteer in 2005. By then, the museum had 8,000 visitors a year, regular traveling exhibits, and the number of artifacts in it had grown to over 1,000.
In 2005, the congregation purchased a lot across the street from its building, and the house on it, to accommodate future growth. At that time the synagogue had over 900 member families.
That year the congregation also reverted to its original name of "Congregation Beth Israel". In Kahn's view, "To me, a 'congregation' represents people and community while the word "temple" represents a place or building. I would like us to be about the people."
The Arizona Jewish Historical Society undertook a $4 million campaign in 2007 to raise the funds needed to restore the original synagogue building and other related structures to create the Cutler-Plotkin Jewish Heritage Center. The plan was for the Center to include a museum and other public spaces that would be used to show the connection between the history of the Jewish community as part of Arizona's history. A $150,000 grant had been received in May of that year from the Arizona State Heritage Fund. By August 2008 much of the work of the first phase – the restoration of the sanctuary and annex – had been completed, and $2.1 million of the $2.6 million required for the work had been raised.
In 2007, Beth Israel opened the Phoenix metropolitan area's first mikvah (ritual bath). It was, according to local Modern Orthodox rabbi Darren Kleinberg, "the first time in Jewish history that a mikvah has been built and approved under the auspices of Reform, Conservative and Orthodox rabbis."
The congregation also hired Jaime Shpall as cantor that year, replacing Bruce Benson, who left in 2006. Shpall, who graduated as a cantor from the Hebrew Union College in 1997, had previously served as cantor of Congregation Beth Israel in Austin, Texas. Plotkin died in February 2010.
, Beth Israel was the oldest congregation in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The senior rabbi was Stephen Kahn, the associate rabbi was Rony Keller, and the cantor was Jaime Shpall. The congregation also owned and operated Camp Daisy and Harry Stein, a Jewish overnight camp in Prescott National Forest near Prescott, Arizona, the only Jewish camp in the area.
Notes
References
"Rabbi Albert Plotkin, 1993", Arizona Memory Project, Phoenix Jewish News Photographs Collection. Retrieved July 29, 2010.
Congregation Beth Israel website:
Contact Us, Synagogue website. Retrieved July 29, 2010.
History of CBI, Synagogue website, Our Community. Retrieved July 29, 2010.
Clergy Bios, Synagogue website. Retrieved May 20, 2012.
Temple Sinai Our Rabbi, Temple Sinai Las Vegas Nevada website. Archived from the original on April 14, 2008. Retrieved November 2, 2009.
External links
Congregation Beth Israel website
Synagogues in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Scottsdale, Arizona
Reform synagogues in Arizona
Tourist attractions in Scottsdale, Arizona
Jewish organizations established in 1920
1920 establishments in Arizona
Synagogues completed in 1997
1997 establishments in Arizona
Mission Revival synagogues
Claude Thomas Bissell (February 10, 1916 – June 21, 2000) was a Canadian author and educator.
Biography
They were the eighth president of the University of Toronto from 1958 to 1971. They played a major part in the expansion of the University of Toronto, tripling the size of the university during their tenure.
They were born in Meaford, Ontario, the youngest of nine children. They graduated from the University of Toronto with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1936 and received their Master of Arts degree in English literature in 1937. They earned their PhD in English Literature from Cornell University where they won the Luana L. Messenger Prize for Graduate Research in 1940. They served in the Canadian Army during World War II.
In 1952 they were made assistant professor at the University of Toronto. From 1956 to 1958 they were president of Carleton College (now Carleton University) returning to the University of Toronto in 1958 to become president.
They were the chair of the Canada Council from 1960 to 1962.
The Claude T. Bissell Building at the University of Toronto, which houses the Faculty of Information, is named after him.
They married Christine and they had one daughter, Deirdre MacDonald.
Because of their education, they were an officer in World War II, attaining the rank of captain in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada and worked in the intelligence section.
Honours
In 1957, they were elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Canada.
In 1969 they were made a Companion of the Order of Canada.
In 1976 they received an honorary Doctor of Letters from University of Leeds.
Quotes
"The Social Sciences are good at accounting for disasters once they have taken place."
Referring to the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada, their regiment in World War II, "a happy regiment and a formidable one in action."
"Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical. Expect more than others think is possible."
Selected bibliography
University College: A Portrait - 1953
Halfway Up Parnassus: A Personal Account of the University of Toronto 1932-71 - 1974
A Brief Biography: Vincent Massey, 1887-1967 - 1981
The Imperial Canadian: Vincent Massey in Office -1986
Ernest Buckler Remembered - 1989
References
External links
Claude Bissell archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Record Management Services
1916 births
2000 deaths
Canadian male non-fiction writers
Canadian literary critics
Companions of the Order of Canada
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Members of the United Church of Canada
Writers from Ontario
People from Grey County
Presidents of the University of Toronto
Canadian Army personnel of World War II
University of Toronto alumni
Presidents of Carleton University
20th-century Canadian historians
Cornell University alumni
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada (Princess Louise's)
The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada (Princess Louise's) officers
W.A.K.O. European Championships 2006 in Skopje were the joint eighteenth European kickboxing championships held by the W.A.K.O. organization (the other event was held the previous month in Lisbon). It was the first event to be held in the country of Republic of Macedonia and was organized by the nation's kickboxing president Ljupčo Nedelkovski, involving (mainly) amateur men and women from 31 countries across Europe.
There were three styles on offer at Skopje; Low-Kick, Thai-Boxing and Light-Contact. The other usual W.A.K.O. styles (Full/Semi Contact, Aero-Kickboxing and Musical Forms) were held at the earlier event in Lisbon. By the end of the championships Russia were easily the strongest country overall with a massive medal tally with Belarus came a distant second and Serbia not far behind in third place. The event was held in Skopje, Macedonia over six days, beginning on Tuesday 21 November and ending 26 November 2006.
Participating Nations
There were around 31 nations from across Europe participating at the 2006 W.A.K.O. European Championships in Skopje including:
Low-Kick
Similar to Full-Contact kickboxing, contestants in Low-Kick are allowed to kick and punch one another with full force, with the primary difference being that in Low-Kick they are also allowed to kick one another's legs, with matches typically won by decision or stoppage. As with other forms of amateur kickboxing, various head and body protection must be worn. More information on the style can be found at the W.A.K.O. website. Both men and women took part in Low-Kick at Skopje, with the men having twelve weight divisions ranging from 51 kg/112.2 lbs to over 91 kg/+200.2 lbs, and then women having six ranging from 48 kg/105.6 lbs to 70 kg/154 lbs and unlike more recent W.A.K.O. championships (aside from Lisbon) some countries were allowed more than one athlete per weight division.
Notable winners in the category included Zurab Faroyan picking up their 4th gold medal in a row, which included winning in Full-Contact at the other European championships in Lisbon a month or so previously, while countryman Konstantin Sbytov picked up their 3rd gold medal. Other winners included multiple world champion Eduard Mammadov and Ibragim Tamazaev who had won at the last world championships in Agadir. Also in medal positions and more recognisable to western and international audiences were Michał Głogowski, Ludovic Millet and Mickael Lallemand who all won bronze medals. Russia continued their tradition of being the strongest nation in Low-Kick, easily dominating the medal positions with twelve gold, four silver and eight bronze.
Men's Low-Kick Kickboxing Medals Table
Women's Low-Kick Kickboxing Medals Table
Thai-Boxing
Thai-Boxing, more commonly known as Muay Thai, is a type of kickboxing that allows the participants to throw punches, kicks, elbows and knees at full force to legal targets on the opponents body. Due to the physical nature of the sport, stoppages are not uncommon, although in amateur Thai-Boxing head and body protection must be worn. At Skopje both men and women took part in the style with the men having twelve weight divisions ranging from 51 kg/112.2 lbs to over 91 kg/+200.2 lbs and the women six, ranging from 52 kg/114.4 lbs to over 70 kg/154 lbs and unlike more recent W.A.K.O. championships (aside from Lisbon) some countries were allowed more than one athlete per weight division.
There were not too many recognisable winners in Thai-Boxing at Skopje although Vitaly Gurkov had won a number of amateur world championships with various organizations prior to this event and would go on to win a K-1 regional tournament as a pro. By the end of the championships Russia finally overhauled the dominance of Belarus in the style, coming out top with six gold, seven silver and seven bronze medals.
Men's Thai-Boxing Medals Table
Women's Thai-Boxing Medals Table
Light-Contact
Light-Contact is a form of kickboxing that is less physical than Full-Contact but more so than Semi-Contact and is often seen as a transition between the two. Contestants score points on the basis of speed and technique over brute force although stoppages can occur, although as with other amateur forms head and body protection must be worn - more detail on Light-Contact rules can be found on the official W.A.K.O. website. The men had nine weight divisions ranging from 57 kg/125.4 lbs to over 94 kg/+206.8 lbs while the women had six ranging from 50 kg/110 lbs to over 70 kg/154 lbs and unlike more recent W.A.K.O. championships (aside from Lisbon) some countries were allowed more than one athlete per weight division.
As it is often in the shadow of the full contact styles there were not many familiar faces in Light-Contact although Dezső Debreczeni, who is a regular winner in Light and Semi-Contact, won another gold medal. By the end of the championships Hungary prevented Russia from being top in all three styles at Skopje by winning three golds, two silvers and three bronze.
Men's Light-Contact Kickboxing Medals Table
Women's Light-Contact Kickboxing Medals Table
Overall Medals Standing (Top 5)
See also
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
2006 Skopje
Kickboxing in North Macedonia
2006 in kickboxing
Sports competitions in Skopje
November 2006 sports events in Europe
2000s in Skopje
Pushpaka Aviation Pvt. Ltd. was an air charter company based in Mumbai, India. It operated fleet of helicopters from its base at Juhu Aerodrome in Mumbai. It is involved primarily in crop dusting, aerial seeding, and fleet maintenance in addition to its chartered passenger operations. As of July 2022, Pushpaka Aviation is non-operational.
History
The company was started in 1969 by Mr. H.P. Rao, with three Bell 47G-5 helicopters to undertake agricultural crop spraying in India, whilst taking advantage of the subsidies offered to the farming community by the Government.
It was the first private company in India to start scheduled international passenger flights as an associate of the national carrier Air India from 1979 to 1983.
Pushpaka Airlines
Pushpaka Airlines, the airline division of Pushpak Aviation, began providing passenger and freight charter services from Mumbai to the Persian Gulf. It operated as an associate of the National carrier Air India using two Sud Aviation Caravelle-6N aircraft, purchased from Indian Airlines in 1978.
Operations began initially as cargo services between Sharjah and Mumbai and were later expanded to carry passengers as well. The airline ceased functioning in June 1983.
References
Airlines established in 1969
Airlines disestablished in 1983
Defunct airlines of India
Indian companies disestablished in 1983
Indian companies established in 1969
1969 establishments in Maharashtra
Wilfred Turner, (10 October 1921 – 26 June 2015) was a British diplomat in the second half of the Twentieth century.
They were educated at Heywood Grammar School and the University of London. They were with the Ministry of Labour from 1938 to 1942 when they were recruited by C. P. Snow as a Radar Maintenance Officer. They served in the Second World War as a captain in REME- and was on the staff of the 13th Infantry Brigade from 1945 to 1947 when they went back to the Ministry of Labour. They were Senior Wages Inspector there from 1959 to 1960. They were the Principal at the Hospitals Division at the Ministry of Health from 1960 to 1966, during which time they drafted the report recommending standardisation of hospital medical records. They also designed and introduced the Yellow Card system for reporting adverse reactions to medicines. They joined the HM Diplomatic Service in 1966. They were Head of Chancery at Kaduna until 1969; then at Kuala Lumpur until 1973; and Deputy High Commissioner at Accra until 1977. They were High Commissioner to Botswana from 1977 to 1981.
References
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to Botswana
Alumni of the University of London
People educated at Heywood Grammar School
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Commanders of the Royal Victorian Order
Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers officers
1921 births
2015 deaths
British expatriates in Nigeria
British expatriates in Malaysia
British expatriates in Ghana
This is a partial chronological list of cases decided by the United States Supreme Court during the Roberts Court, the tenure of Chief Justice John Roberts from September 29, 2005 to the present.
Roberts Court 2005 term
The 2005 term began October 3, 2005, and concluded October 1, 2006. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2006 term
The 2006 term began October 2, 2006, and concluded September 30, 2007. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2007 term
The 2007 term began October 1, 2007, and concluded September 30, 2008. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2008 term
The 2008 term began October 6, 2008, and concluded October 4, 2009. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2009 term
The 2009 term began October 5, 2009, and concluded October 3, 2010. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2010 term
The 2010 term began October 4, 2010, and concluded October 1, 2011. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2011 term
The 2011 term began October 3, 2011, and concluded September 30, 2012. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2012 term
The 2012 term began October 1, 2012, and concluded October 6, 2013. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2013 term
The 2013 term began October 7, 2013, and concluded October 5, 2014. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2014 term
The 2014 term began October 6, 2014, and concluded October 4, 2015. Notable cases included the following:
{| class="wikitable" style="margin:auto;width:100%"
|-
! style="background:#69f;"|Case name
! style="background:#69f; width:8%;"|Opinion
! style="background:#69f; width:7%;"|Decided
! style="background:#69f; width:50%;"|Summary
|-
| Obergefell v. Hodges
|
| 2015-06-26
| The Fourteenth Amendment requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex with all the accompanying rights and responsibilities and to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out-of-state.
|-
| Michigan v. EPA
|
| 2015-06-29
| The Environmental Protection Agency must consider costs when it regulates power plants under the Clean Air Act.
|-
| Glossip v. Gross
| 14-7955
| 2015-06-29
| The Eighth Amendment requires prisoners to show 1.) there is a known and available alternative method of execution and 2.) the challenged method of execution poses a demonstrated risk of severe pain, with the burden of proof resting on the prisoners, not the state.
|}
Roberts Court 2015 term
The 2015 term began October 5, 2015, and concluded October 2, 2016. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2016 term
The 2016 term began October 3, 2016, and concluded October 1, 2017. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2017 term
The 2017 term began October 2, 2017, and concluded September 30, 2018. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2018 term
The 2018 term began October 1, 2018, and concluded October 6, 2019. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2019 term
The 2019 term began October 7, 2019, and concluded October 4, 2020. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2020 term
The 2020 term began October 5, 2020, and concluded October 3, 2021. Notable cases included the following:
Roberts Court 2021 term
The 2021 term began October 4, 2021, and will conclude October 2, 2022. Notable cases included the following:
References
.
Further reading
Marcia Coyle, The Roberts Court: The Struggle for the Constitution'' (2013)
External links
Supreme Court's website - contains recent decisions, oral argument transcripts, and argument schedule
Roberts
Heiki is an Estonian masculine given name, variant of Hendrik ("Henry")
People named Heiki include:
Heiki Arike (1965–2018), politician and major in the Estonian Defence League
Heiki Ernits (born 1953), caricaturist and film director
Heiki Hepner (born 1966), politician
Heiki Kranich (born 1961), politician
Heiki Loot (born 1971), state official
Heiki Nabi (born 1985), wrestler
Heiki Raudla (born 1949), educator, cartoonist and politician
Heiki Sarapuu (born 1965), competitive runner
Heiki Sorge (born 1974), badminton player
Heiki Valk (born 1959), archaeologist
Heiki Vilep (born 1960), writer
References
Estonian masculine given names
The Hon. John George Charles Fox-Strangways (6 February 1803 – 8 September 1859) was a British diplomat, Whig politician and courtier.
Background
Fox-Strangways was the posthumous third son of Henry Fox-Strangways, 2nd Earl of Ilchester, by their second wife Maria, daughter of the Very Reverend William Digby.
Political career
Fox-Strangways was elected as the Member of Parliament for (MP) Calne in 1836, a seat they held until 1837, and then represented Dorset until 1841. They were also in the Foreign Office and served as a Gentleman Usher to Queen Adelaide.
Family
Fox-Strangways married Amelia, daughter of Edward Marjoribanks, in 1844. Their son, Henry, succeeded in the earldom of Ilchester in 1865. Fox-Strangways died in September 1859, aged 56. Their wife died in September 1886.
References
External links
Leigh Rayment's Historical List of MPs
1803 births
1859 deaths
Younger sons of earls
John
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
Carenum bonellii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Brulle in 1835.
References
bonellii
Beetles described in 1835
Hasan Khan Shahseven (Azerbaijani: Həsən xan Şahsevən) (1730, Galagain, Safavid Empire – 1789, Shamkir, Shamshaddil Sultanate) was the ruler of Javad Khanate under the suzerainty of the Quba Khanate.
Life
Hasan Khan was the ruler of Javad, Mughan, in the second half of the 18th century. Hasan Khan is mentioned in some sources as "Taleh Hasan Khan", "Tala Hasan Khan".Hasan Khan has been the vassal of Fatali Khan since 1768. They had participated in many battles on the side of the Quba Khanate.In 1778, the ruler of Gilan, Hidayat khan attacked Javad by Karim Khan Zand's order and captured Hasan khan. Hasan khan was released from prison for some time.
In 1783, Fatali Khan attacked to Karabakh with 13,000 troops. Interpreter Mustafa Murtazaliev, ordered by Qraf Voinovich, found the Fatali Khan in Aghdam. Shamakhi ruler Mahammadsaid Khan and their brother Aghasi Khan, Sheki ruler Haji Abdulqadir Khan, Mughan ruler Taleh Hasan Khan, Shamkhalate of Tarki Murtuza Ali, Lankaran ruler Gara Khan, Bamat of Buynaksk, Qaytak ruler Ustarhan, Kantugay ruler Ahmed Khan, Tavlin ruler Khazbulat Alibeyov were in Fatali Khan's camp. Understanding the impossibility of resisting this force, Ibrahim Khalil Khan took refuge in Shusha and waited for the case.
Fatali Khan in 1784 appointed Hassan Khan to Ardabil as ruler.
Abbasgulu Bakikhanov writes: "That same year, Fatali Khan went to Ardebil and Shahsevan's emirates followed him, Muganian Hasan khan was also sincere."
Hasan Khan passed away in 1789.
Family
Hasan Khan had two sons. Mohammadsalah Khan and Ibrahim khan.
Sources
References
18th century in Azerbaijan
18th-century people of Safavid Iran
1730 births
1789 deaths
Prisoners and detainees of the Zand dynasty
The following is the list of mosques in Nagorno-Karabakh.
List of mosques
Group
See also
List of mosques in Azerbaijan
Islam in Azerbaijan
Mosques in Azerbaijan
Religion in Artsakh
Lists of religious buildings and structures in Azerbaijan
Artsakh
Nagorno-Karabakh-related lists
Joseph Tekwiro Norton (29 August 1949 – 14 August 2020) was a Canadian politician and tribe chief of the Mohawks of Kahnawá:ke.
Biography
Norton was a proprietor of the internet club Absolute Poker. They were on the board of directors of TeKnoWave, Turtle Technologies, and Mohawk Internet Technologies. They were a consultant for the Federal Bridge Corporation. They had previously worked as a structural steel fitter. In 2002, they won the National Aboriginal Achievement Award.
Joe Norton died on 14 August 2020 at the age of 70.
References
1949 births
2020 deaths
Canadian Mohawk people
Mohawks of Kahnawá:ke
Orthonevra weemsi, the Weems' mucksucker, is a rare species of syrphid fly. It has been observed in eastern North America. Hoverflies get their names from the ability to remain nearly motionless while in flight. The adults are also known as flower flies for they are commonly found around and on flowers from which they get both enegy-giving nectar and protein rich pollen. Larvae for this genus are of the rat-tailed type. O. weemsi larvae have not been described.
References
Insects described in 1966
Eristalinae
Imma priozona is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, faintly purplish tinged and with a whitish-ochreous basal dot. There is a slender irregular whitish-ochreous fascia from before the middle of the costa to two-thirds of the dorsum, with a sharp posterior projection in the middle and an obtuse one on the submedian fold. A small triangular whitish-ochreous spot is found on the costa before the apex. The hindwings have a slight subdorsal groove. They are rather dark fuscous, somewhat lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Ruggieri is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Claude Ruggieri (1777–1841), fireworks producer and designer
Gaetano Ruggieri, fireworks producer and designer, famous for their involvement in the fireworks in London in 1749 to celebrate the peace Treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle (1748). It was for this celebration that George Frideric Handel wrote Music for the Royal Fireworks
Francesco Ruggieri, luthier (maker of violins and related instruments), whose children were notable luthiers as well
Marina Ruggieri, Italian engineer
Michele Ruggieri, Jesuit missionary in China, the first European sinologist
Ève Ruggiéri, French producer on television and radio, born in Limoges on l3th March 1939
The Ruggieri family name is spread all over the last few centuries. In 1210 AD, King Roger the First ruler southern Italy and Sicily and from their rule many people took their name. The first name was always shown last; therefore, the family names were shown in front. For example, Micale Ruggieri. Roger was translated into the singular Ruggiero group of Ruggiero's became the plural Rogers or Ruggieri.
The first to show up was in the 1400s when Geromino Ruggieri was a member of Christopher Columbus' crew on the Santa Maria. Then, the first Catholic missionary to enter China about 1565 was Micale Ruggieri, a Jesuit, (Marco Polo went to China earlier, but they were a merchant). When the Jesuit Micale returned to Italy, they were assigned to Florence where they taught relatives the art of making firework displays that they learned in China. The Ruggieri's became world renowned for their great ability to construct firework displays that rivaled the Aurora Borealis.
See also
Ruggeri
Ruggieri degli Ubaldini
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1624.
Events
January 18 – The King's Men perform William Shakespeare's The Winter's Tale at Whitehall Palace.
August 5–14 – The King's Men perform Thomas Middleton's satire A Game at Chess at the Globe Theatre, London, until it is suppressed in view of its allusions to the Spanish Match.
August 26 – Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, requires the legal deposit of new books to the Hof-Bibliothek''' ("Imperial Library") in Vienna, the modern-day Austrian National Library.
December – The King's Men get into further trouble for performing Philip Massinger's The Spanish Viceroy without a licence from the Master of the Revels.
December 20 – The King's Men provide Sir Henry Herbert (Master of the Revels) with a "submission," a written apology, signed by each actor who had taken part in The Spanish Viceroy earlier in the month. The signatories include Robert Benfield, George Birch, John Lowin, Thomas Pollard, John Rice, Richard Robinson, William Rowley, John Shank, Richard Sharpe, Eliard Swanston, and Joseph Taylor.
New books
Prose
Anonymous – The Origin of Idolatry (falsely attributed to Isaac Casaubon)
Jean Louis Guez de Balzac – LettresJacob Boehme – The Way of ChristGeorge Carleton – Astrologomania, the Madnesse of Astrologes; or, an Examination of Sir Christopher Heydon's Booke, intituled, A Defence of Judiciarie Astrologie
Philipp Clüver – Italia Antiqua (posthumous)
John Donne – Devotions upon Emergent OccasionsEdward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury – De Veritate (On Truth)
Tirso de Molina – Cigarrales de ToledoJens Munk – Navigatio Septentrionalis (An account of a most dangerous voyage)Martin Opitz – Buch von den Teutschen Poetery (putting forward formal rules for German poetry)
Captain John Smith – The Generall Historie of Virginia, New-England, and the Summer IslesEdward Winslow – Good Newes from New England, or a True Relation of Things very Remarkable at the Plantation of Plimouth in New EnglandSir Henry Wotton – The Elements of Architecture (translation of Vitruvius)
Drama
Anonymous – Nero (published)
Robert Davenport – The City NightcapThomas Drue – The Duchess of SuffolkFeliciana Enríquez de Guzmán – Los jardines y campos sabeos (published)
John Ford and Thomas Dekker – The Sun's DarlingBen Jonson – Neptune's Triumph for the Return of AlbionPhilip MassingerThe Parliament of LoveThe Bondman (published)
Thomas Middleton – A Game at ChessPoetry
Bernardo de Balbuena – El BernardoBirths
February 11 – Ivan Ančić, Croatian theologian (died 1685)
October 30 – Paul Pellisson, French historian (died 1693)
November 2 (baptised) – Edward Howard, English playwright and poet (died 1712)unknown date – Francesc Mulet, Spanish comic writer (died 1675)
Deaths
February 4 – Vicente Espinel, Spanish writer and musician (born 1550)
February 13 – Stephen Gosson, English satirist (born 1544)
February 16 – Luis de la Puente, Spanish theologian (born 1554)
February 24 – Paul Laurentius, German theologian (born 1544)
August – George Wyatt, English biographer (born 1553)
November 17 – Jakob Böhme, German theologian (born 1575)
December 9 – Flaminio Scala, Italian actor and dramatist (born 1575)
December 15 – Jerónimo Bautista Lanuza, Spanish bishop and writer (born 1533)unknown date (the latest possible year)'' – Mark Ridley, English lexicographer of Russian and physician (born 1560)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Guy Mercer (born 12 December 1989) is a former English rugby union player for Bath in the Aviva Premiership, who last played on loan to Welsh Pro14 side Ospreys. Their position of choice was flanker.
Career
Bath
Mercer was promoted from the academy in the 2009–2010 season. They were named man-of-the-match in Bath's Aviva Premiership loss to Wasps in 2010 and was named club captain in 2016.
Ospreys
In August 2017, Mercer joined Welsh Pro14 side Ospreys on a season-long loan deal, joining in time for the opening round of the 2017–18 Pro14 season.
References
External links
Bath Profile
Premiership Rugby Profile
1989 births
Living people
People educated at King Edward's School, Bath
Rugby union players from Bristol
English rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Bath Rugby players
Ospreys (rugby union) players
Standing Sushi Bar is a Japanese-food restaurant chain in Singapore and Indonesia. It was started in August 2009 with its first outlet in Raffles Place. The company was founded by Howard Lo.
Standing Sushi Bar presently has 3 outlets. The restaurant at 8Q SAM opened in September 2010, Marina Bay Link Mall opened in November 2010, and the first branch in Indonesia opened at La Piazza, Jakarta on January 15, 2012. The original Raffles Place branch closed in April 2011.
The restaurant has been cited for its novel use of social media, and it was one of the first in Singapore to offer Foursquare promotions.
Accolades
In March 2010, Standing Sushi Bar was voted #1 sushi in Singapore by the Hungrygowhere community.
In popular culture
In April 2011, Standing Sushi Bar created sushi rolls based on two of the most-talked about candidates (Nicole Seah and Tin Pei Ling) during Singapore's general election.
See also
List of sushi restaurants
References
External links
Company blog
Restaurants established in 2009
Fast-food chains of Singapore
Restaurant chains in Singapore
Japanese restaurants
Sushi restaurants
Singaporean brands
The Syrian club's history of playing in the AFC Cup.
Participations
Syrian clubs statistics
Al-Ittihad
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Ittihad score always listed first
Note 1: Due to the political crisis in Syria, the AFC requested Syrian clubs to play their home matches at neutral venues.
Al-Jaish
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Jaish score always listed first
Al-Karamah
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Karamah score always listed first
Al-Majd
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Majd score always listed first
Al-Shorta
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Shurta score always listed first
Note 1: Due to the political crisis in Syria, the AFC requested Syrian clubs to play their home matches at neutral venues.
Al-Wahda
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference.
* Al-Wahda score always listed first
See also
AFC Cup
External links
AFC Cup on RSSSF
Football clubs in the AFC Cup
Arthur Bliss's String Quartet in A major, Op. 4 (F. 23) is the first of four string quartets written by the composer during their lifetime. Composed in 1913 while Bliss was still a student at Cambridge, the work was withdrawn from performance by the composer in 1919, along with most of their pre-war chamber music, and not revived until the 1990s.
Composition history
Like many of the composer's pre-World War I works, a certain amount of confusion existed about the composition's history. In the liner notes to the 1985 recording of the composer's 1st and 2nd string quartets, their friend George Dannatt wrote that the work had been completed in 1914, leading many to believe the piece was a wartime composition. Subsequent research shows that the work was composed about a year earlier.
Sam Ellis, in their thesis, writes that the work was probably completed while the composer was still at Cambridge, possibly revised while the composer studied under Charles Villiers Stanford at the Royal College of Music and that the first performance was given at Cambridge on 9 June 1914. Following this the composer made arrangements for the work to be published by Stainer & Bell as their Opus 4 with a dedication to Edward Dent, one of their tutors at Cambridge.
The quartet's next identified performance took place at the Aeolian Hall in London on 25 June 1915, with a third performance at the same location taking place on 12 November in the same year. The latter performance was attended by Lady Elgar, who wrote to the composer expressing their liking of the work's "eager life and exhilarating energy and hope".
Subsequent wartime performances have not been identified and when the composer returned from the war, it along with the majority of their pre-World War I compositions was withdrawn from performance. It was not until 1993 that their widow, Trudy, was persuaded to reverse the decision for this and several other early chamber works. This led to the first commercial recording, released by Naxos in 2002 and republication of the quartet by Edition Peters.
Instrumentation and structure
The work was composed for a standard string quartet and is in three movements:
Moderato ma tranquillo
Andante sostenuto
Allegro vivace con grazia
Typical performances take between 20 and 25 minutes.
Ellis, aside from identifying the quartet as likely being a student work, similar in character to the string quartets composed by John Ireland, in their analysis of the quartet's first two movements states that the work is entirely based on standard tonalities and modal harmonies and while folksong is not directly quoted, the quartet evokes it by the musical devices used. This puts the work firmly within the English Pastoral School, a possible explanation for the composer's decision to withdraw the work following World War I, given that it and the other withdrawn works would have represented a musical direction they no longer wished to follow.
Ellis identified the most likely influences on the work as being Elgar, Vaughan Williams and French composers such as Ravel. Ellis attributes the work's "Classical simplicity" to either the influence of their teachers at Cambridge, Charles Wood and Edward Dent, the quartet's eventual dedicatee, a noted expert on Mozart, or simply to the composer's inexperience at this stage in their development.
Reception
Aside from Lady Elgar's comment, no contemporary reaction to the pre-World War I performances has been located. Responses to the release of the Naxos recording in 2002, spoke positively of the quartet, with two reviewers, Neil Horner and Christa Norton, commenting that they preferred this work to the B-flat major quartet the composer acknowledged as their first. What all the reviewers commented on, as did John Quinn in their review of a live performance by the Carducci Quartet in 2019, was the composer's idiomatic writing for strings even at this early stage in their career.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Compositions by Arthur Bliss
Bliss
1913 compositions
Music dedicated to students or teachers
Compositions in A major
R.B.I. Baseball '95 (stylized as RBI Baseball '95) is a baseball video game developed and published by Time Warner Interactive exclusively for the 32X in North America in 1995. It is the last game in the R.B.I. Baseball series to be released on a Sega platform, and follows RBI Baseball '94.
RBI Baseball '95's history is curious as it was originally announced at CES 1995 for the Sega CD, as well as the 32X, priced in the US at $49.95 and $54.95 USD respectively. For some reason, the game instead moved onto a cartridge, effectively becoming a 32X exclusive, and its price at launch was upped to $59.95.
R.B.I. Baseball '95 was the first baseball game for the 32X.
Gameplay and updates
RBI Baseball '95 plays differently from its Genesis/Mega Drive predecessors in one very noticeable form: Unlike any of the prior entries going up to 94, all of which had the player delivering pitches and hitting the ball from a view above and behind the umpire (with windows in the upper corners to show runners at first and third base), all instances of this now take place from the catcher's point of view, aimed to deliver a more "up close and personal" sense of realistic experience while making use of the Super 32X's software rendering and sprite scaling capabilities. When the ball has been hit, the familiar gameplay of the franchise returns, with the player and computer guiding the runners and defense across the baseball field to either get an out or score a run; as with traditional baseball, the game ends when a team has a higher score than their opponent at the end of the ninth or relevant extra inning.
Returning for 95, in regards to extra modes, are the ability to play Home Run Derby, tour each stadium in an overhead view, look at the statistics of every team's players, play the traditional Game Breakers that have been present from RBI Baseball IV to 94, attempt to successfully master twenty different defense tactics in the Defense Practice minigame, and create your own teams; not returning for this game is Pickles, a minigame exclusive to 94 that required the player to use the defense to get out one or multiple runners in a single play, which like Home Run Derby and Defense Practice, gives the player twenty different scenarios per session.
For the first time since RBI Baseball IV in 1992, virtually all of the sprites of the players, umpires, field, and ball (among others) have been completely redrawn, making use of the higher palette of the Super 32X and increasing their sprite count for increased fluidity; this also would apply to the Scoreboard shown in between the start and halfway point of each inning. Some sprites and virtually every vocal cue by sportscaster Jack Buck from 94 are recycled for this game, though this came at a cost: Due to possible technical limitations, and likely also the game's shorter development time, all of the short animated movies from RBI Baseball IV to 94 that would play in the first and third base windows throughout the game (such as fans doing the wave, a player having a close slide at a base, the spitball, the Basebrawl during a hit by pitch, and the coach delivering signs, among many others) had to be downsized in sprite dimensions and put in Grayscale; the Crazyball feature that was made popular in 94, which would replace all of the normal sound effects of the game with stock cartoon and gag sound cues, was also removed.
As how it has been with every entry since the Genesis/Mega Drive version of RBI Baseball III, the Password system that 95 uses has unique codes that allow you to access an Animation Test/Sprite Viewer, find hidden messages placed within the game's code by the developers, and the ability to play as the Warner Corporate and Dream Team for an extra difficult challenge (with Warner Corporate replacing Team Tengen, which was present from III to 94).
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the game, rating it two stars out of five, and stated that "RBI '95 is not the worst baseball game, but for the first 32-bit baseball game, it makes no strides forward. Disappointing".
Reviews
GamePro (Aug, 1995)
GameFan (Jun, 1995)
Electronic Gaming Monthly (Aug, 1995)
Video Games & Computer Entertainment - Jun, 1995
References
1995 video games
Baseball video games
Cancelled Sega CD games
Sega 32X games
Sega 32X-only games
Time Warner Interactive games
Video games developed in the United States
A kusztyk (alternative spellings: kuszyk or kulawka) is a glass goblet without a base. Its design is such that it cannot be placed upright, thereby requiring its contents to be entirely drunk before the vessel can safely be set down again. This vessel type reached a height in popularity in seventeenth- and eighteenth-century Poland. Though the origin of its unusual shape remains unclear, it is supposed that the kusztyk would have contained alcohol (likely champagne, or a sparkling wine) or water that was chilled in ice buckets prior to serving. The kusztyk remains a facet of Polish banqueting custom today as a vessel raised during toasts.
It has been acknowledged that the kusztyk shares a visual similarity with the ancient Greek rhyton, however, it is unlikely that these vessels were employed during equivalent ritualistic occasions. It is more certain that the kusztyk has a shared history with the so-called, Hodgett's decanter, which was popular in eighteenth-century England.
See also
Rhyton
References
Drinkware
The port of Lobito is an Angolan port located in the city of Lobito, in the province of Benguela. It is connected to the commercial area of the city and the neighborhood of Canata. It is located in Lobito Bay, which is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by the Lobito Peninsula.
The port belongs to the Angolan government, which is responsible for its administration through the public company Porto do Lobito E.P.. This company was established to administer the license for terminals for loading and unloading, in addition to the passenger terminal.
Together with the ports of Luanda (Luanda), Moçamedes (Namibe), Soyo (Zaire) and Cabinda (Cabinda), it forms the largest port complexes in the country. It is the largest port in the center of the country.
The port is the outlet point of the Benguela railway, which carries cargo from the city of Tenke in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Another important outflow connection is made via the EN-100 highway.
References
Lobito
Arthur Emil Helmut Walcha (27 October 1907 – 11 August 1991) was a German organist, harpsichordist, music teacher and composer who specialized in the works of the Dutch and German baroque masters.
Blind since their teenage years, they are known for their recordings of the complete organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach, entirely played by memory.
Biography
Born in Leipzig, Walcha was blinded at age 19 after vaccination for smallpox. Despite their disability, they entered the Leipzig Conservatory and became an assistant at the Thomaskirche to Günther Ramin, who was professor of organ at the conservatory and cantor at St. Thomas (a position held by Bach himself). Some two decades later, Ramin would teach to another renowned Bach interpreter and organist at St Thomas, Karl Richter. In 1929, Walcha accepted a position in Frankfurt am Main at the Friedenskirche and remained in Frankfurt for the rest of their life. From 1933 to 1938 they taught at the Hoch Conservatory. In 1938 they were appointed professor of organ at the Musikhochschule in Frankfurt and organist of the Dreikönigskirche in 1946. They retired from public performance in 1981 and died in Frankfurt.
Walcha recorded Bach's complete solo keyboard works twice, once in mono (1947–52), and again in stereo from 1956 to 1971. The former (mono) cycle has been digitally re-mastered and re-issued as a 10-CD boxed set. This latter stereo cycle (released 10/09/2001), has been remastered, and repackaged in a 12-CD box. This edition also contains the recording of their own conclusion of the last fugue of The Art of Fugue - previously unreleased.
Walcha's completion of the last fugue of The Art of Fugue was also recorded by their former pupil George Ritchie as part of Ritchie's recording of The Art of Fugue, released in 2010.
Walcha also composed for the organ. They published four volumes of original chorale preludes (published by C. F. Peters and recorded in part by, for example, Renate Meierjürgen) as well as arrangements for organ of orchestral works written by others.
They lectured on organ music and composition (illustrated by their own playing) at the Hoch Conservatory and the Frankfurt Musikhochschule. One other contribution to music scholarship is their attempted completion of the final (unfinished) fugue of The Art of Fugue.
Walcha taught many significant American organists of the twentieth century who travelled to Germany as Fulbright scholars: these include Robert Anderson, David Boe, Margaret Leupold Dickinson, Melvin Dickinson, Delbert Disselhorst, Betty Louise Lumby, Paul Jordan, David Mulbury, Fenner Douglass, Jane Douglass, Ray P. Ferguson, Grigg and Helen Fountain, Barbara Harbach, Charles Krigbaum, J. Reilly Lewis, George Ritchie, Russell Saunders - all of whom became major teachers and performers after their studies abroad.
A section of the documentary film Desert Fugue is about Walcha, and explains how they memorised music part by part, and passed on this method of learning counterpoint to their pupils.
Selected works
Recordings
Works by others
Walcha's opus magnum is the recording of the entire organ works by Johann Sebastian Bach, which they recorded both in mono (1947–52) and stereo (1956–71) for Archiv Produktion (a subsidiary of Deutsche Grammophon). The original mono cycle was Archiv's first release and included an improvisation by Walcha at the Organ of St. Peter and Paul in Cappel, built by Arp Schnitger in 1680; Walcha also used the Stellwagen Organ in St Jacob Church in Lübeck (built in 1636–37 by Friederich Stellwagen by extending the previous ca. 1480 organ, one of Stellwagen's most appreciated works). The stereo cycle was the first stereo recording made by Deutsche Grammophon and was reissued including Walcha's recording of The Art of Fugue, comprehensive of Walcha's own completion of the last fugue.
Bach: Organ Works. Performed by Helmut Walcha. 12-CD set. Archiv Produktion (Deutsche Grammophon), Catalog No. 463712 ("Walcha's Bach holds a similar place in the annals of recording to Fischer-Dieskau's Schubert, Toscanini's Verdi, and Gieseking's Debussy." -- )
Bach: Great Organ Works. Performed by Helmut Walcha. 2-CD set. Deutsche Grammophon, Double Catalog No. 453064 (one disc with Walcha playing the organ of St. Laurenskerk in Alkmaar and the other with them playing the organ of Saint-Pierre-le-Jeune in Strasbourg).
Orgelmeister vor Bach • The Early German organ School • Les Maitres de l'Orgue avant Bach. 4-LP set. Archiv Produktion (DGG), 1977, Catalog No. 2723 055. Helmut Walcha at the Arp Schnitger organ in Cappel. Works of Georg Böhm, Nicolaus Bruhns, Dietrich Buxtehude, Vincent Lübeck, Johann Pachelbel, Samuel Scheidt, Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck, and Franz Tunder.
Helmut Walcha has also recorded most of Bach's harpsichord works (the English and French Suites, the Goldberg Variations, Partitas, the Italian Concerto, 15 Inventions and 15 Sinfonias, the Well-Tempered Clavier) for EMI. These recordings are still available from EMI-Toshiba (Japan) as well as from Warner. The Well-Tempered Clavier and the Goldberg Variations are also available in Europe in a 5-CD set. They also recorded The Well-Tempered Clavier for Deutsche Grammophon, using a Ruckers cembalo for the first book and a Hemsch for the second book. This recording is only available in the Far East (Korea, Japan).
Walcha's selection from the organ works of Dietrich Buxtehude was later reissued in a single CD release:
Dietrich Buxtehude: Orgelwerke • Organ Works. CD. Archiv Produktion, 1989, Catalog No. 427 133–2. Includes BuxWV 157, 159, 140 to 142, 145, 146, 149, 159 to 161 (the latter being Buxtehude's most famous work Passacaglia in D minor).
All Walcha's recordings, including other recordings of Bach work for Archiv, Deutsche Grammophon and Philips Records (harpsichord works, etc.), were reissued in 2021 by Deutsche Grammophon to mark the 30th anniversary of Walcha's death.
Helmut Walcha: The Complete Recordings on Archiv Produktion. 32-CD set. Deutsche Grammophon, 2021, Catalog No. 483 9949.
CD 1–13: J. S. Bach: Complete Works for Organ. The Stereo Cycle (1956–1971).
CD 14–23: J. S. Bach: Complete Works for Organ. The Mono Cycle (1947–1952).
CD 24–27: J. S. Bach: The Well-Tempered Clavier, Bks. I & II (BWV 846–893).
CD 28–29: J. S. Bach: Sonatas for Violin and Harpsichord (BWV 1014–1019). Helmut Walcha, harpsichord / Henryk Szeryng, violin.
CD 30–32: Organ Masters Before Bach. Reprint of the asupervisorstioned 4-LP set "The Early German Organ School".
Works by Walcha
Walcha's original chorales and organ works have been recorded twice. Firstly, a selection performed by Renate Meierjürgen; and then, the full 88 chorale preludes, by Wolfgang Rübsam and Delbert Disselhorst.
Helmut Walcha: Choralvorspiele. Renate Meierjürgen an der Orgel der Dreikönigskirche, Frankfurt. Motette Ursina, 1980 (CD digital remastering 2011), Catalog No. M 1039 (LP) & MOT 10391 (CD).
Helmut Walcha: Chorale Preludes, vol. 1. Wolfgang Rübsam at the John Brombaug Organ Opus 35, First Presbyterian Church, Springfield, Illinois. 2-CD set. Naxos (series The Organ Encyclopedia), 2012, Catalog No. 8.572910.
Helmut Walcha: Chorale Preludes, vol. 2. Wolfgang Rübsam at the John Brombaug Organ Opus 35, First Presbyterian Church, Springfield, Illinois. 2-CD set. Naxos (series The Organ Encyclopedia), 2012, Catalog No. 8.572911.
Helmut Walcha: Chorale Preludes, vol. 3. Delbert Disselhorst at the John Brombaug Organ Opus 35, First Presbyterian Church, Springfield, Illinois. 2-CD set. Naxos (series The Organ Encyclopedia), 2013, Catalog No. 8.572912.
Helmut Walcha: Chorale Preludes, vol. 4. Delbert Disselhorst at the John Brombaug Organ Opus 35, First Presbyterian Church, Springfield, Illinois. 2-CD set. Naxos (series The Organ Encyclopedia), 2013, Catalog No. 8.572913.
Finally, Walcha's completion of "Contrapunctus 18 (Fuga a 4 Soggetti)", i.e. the last fugue of Bach's The Art of Fugue, was recorded by Walcha themselves for their stereo cycle of Bach's complete organ works, and again by their former pupil George Ritchie:
J. S. Bach: The Organ Works. CD 6, track 11: The Art of Fugue, BWV 1080: Contrapunctus 18 in D minor. Archiv Produktion, 2000, Catalog No. 463712. Performed by Helmut Walcha at the Van Hagerbeer/Schnitger organ of the Grote or Sint-Laurenskerk, Alkmaar, The Netherlands.
J. S. Bach: The Art of Fugue. CD 2: Contrapunctus 18 (Fuga a 4 Soggetti). In: Desert Fugue, by Will Fraser – George Ritchie. 2 CD + 1 DVD. Raven CD – Fugue State Films, 2010, Catalog No. FSF-0001. Performed by George Ritchie at the Richard, Fowkes & Co. organ, Pinnacle Presbyterian Church, Scottsdale, Arizona.
Scores for transcriptions and original works
Walcha's editions of Händel's organ concertos opp. 4 & 7, as well as their organ transcriptions of Bach's "Ricercare a 6 voci" from the Musical Offering and the complete transcription for organ of the Art of Fugue (including the final fugue completed by Walcha), have been published by Schott Music and Edition Peters. Bach's "Ricercare a 6 voci" edition also includes an analysis.
G. F. Händel: Orgelkonzerte op. 4, Nos. 1–6. B. Schott's Söhne, Mainz, 1940.
G. F. Händel: Orgelkonzerte op. 7, Nos. 1–6. B. Schott's Söhne, Mainz, 1943.
J. S. Bach: „Ricercare à 6 voci“ aus dem „Musikalischen Opfer“. Übertragung für Orgel (mit ausführlicher Analyse). Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1964, Catalog No. EP4835.
J. S. Bach: „Die Kunst der Fuge“. BWV 1080. Übertragung für Orgel mit Weiterführung und Beendigung der Schlussfuge. Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1967, Catalog No. EP8000.
The latter editor also published the scores of Walcha's 88 original chorale preludes, in four volumes:
Helmut Walcha: Choralvorspiele, Bd. 1. Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1954, Catalog No. EP4850. 25 chorale preludes for organ; prelude no. 11, Erhalt uns, Herr, bei deinem Wort (Maintain us, Lord, in Thy word), uses the same Lutheran melody used by Bach in cantatas BWV 6 and BWV 126 (1725).
Helmut Walcha: Choralvorspiele, Bd. 2. Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1963, Catalog No. EP4871. 20 chorale preludes for organ.
Helmut Walcha: Choralvorspiele, Bd. 3. Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1966, Catalog No. EP5999. 24 chorale preludes for organ.
Helmut Walcha: Choralvorspiele, Bd. 4. Edition Peters, Frankfurt a. M., 1978, Catalog No. EP8413. 19 chorale preludes for organ + a postludium.
Sources
Further reading
Jordan, Paul, The Diapason, October, November and December 2007, 3 articles: In celebration of the 100th birthday of Helmut Walcha, artist-teacher.
Jordan, Paul, "Helmut Walcha-Artist-Teacher," College Music Symposium Vol. 22, No. 2 (Fall, 1982), pp. 148–154
Joy, Jeremy, "The Truth of What We Hear: Thoughts about Helmut Walcha and Their Art," The Musical Times, Vol. 133, No. 1789 (March 1992), pp. 145–147
External links
An essay about Walcha's approach to learning and playing counterpoint, and their completion of the Art of Fugue.
1907 births
1991 deaths
Musicians from Leipzig
German classical organists
German male organists
University of Music and Theatre Leipzig alumni
Blind classical musicians
German harpsichordists
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century German musicians
20th-century organists
20th-century German male musicians
Male classical organists
Biosphere reserves of Ukraine (, Biosferni rezervaty Ukrayiny) are preservation territories of international importance that are part of the Nature-Preservation Fund of Ukraine.
Overview
The Ukrainian legislation has its own regulations about biosphere reserves which differs slightly from international. Nonetheless Ukraine recognizes the International designation for natural conservation as well. Thus in Ukraine exist two concepts biosphere reserve and biosphere preserves (, biosferni zapovidnyky).
Biosphere preserves existed in the Soviet Union before establishment of the UNESCO's Man and the Biosphere Programme in 1971. Particularly in Ukraine, Carpathian Biosphere Reserve was created in 1968, but was admitted to the MAB programme only after fall of the Soviet Union in 1992.
Since 2012 there are eight biosphere reserves in Ukraine from the original three that the country inherited from the Soviet Union (Ukrainian SSR).
List
See also
Man and the Biosphere Programme
Primeval Beech Forests of Europe
Categories of protected areas of Ukraine
References
External links
List of all reserves in Ukraine. UNESCO website.
Biosphere reserves
Kreuzjoch (German: cross col) is the name of many summits and several mountain passes, predominantly in the Eastern Alps.
Summits:
Hohes Kreuzjoch, 2992 m, in the southern Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol
Kreuzjochkogel, 2746 m, between the Sellrain Valley and the Oberinntal valley in the Stubai Alps
Kreuzjoch (Samnaungruppe), 2698 m, near Spiss in the Samnaungruppe
Kreuzjoch (eastern Sarntaler Alpen), 2560 m, near Franzensfeste in the Eisack Valley
Kreuzjoch (Kitzbühel Alps), 2558 m, the highest point of the Kitzbühel Alps
Kreuzjoch (Venet), 2464 m, part of the Venet range in the Ötztal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Verwall), 2395 m, in the Verwall near Schruns in the Montafon
Kreuzjoch (western Sarntaler Alpen), 2383 m, near the Hirzer in the Sarntal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Rastkogelgruppe), 2336 m, above Hippach in the Tuxer Alps
Mittleres Kreuzjoch, 2321 m, above the Fernpass in the Lechtal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Rätikon), 2261 m, at the Golm in the Rätikon
Kreuzjoch (Montecroce), 2242 m, at the Brenner Pass in the Stubai Alps
Östliches Kreuzjoch, 2231 m, above the Fernpass in the Lechtal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Bschlaber Tal), 2185 m, near the Namloser Wetterspitze in the Lechtal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Wettersteingebirge), 1719 m, above Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the Wettersteingebirge
Kreuzjoch (Salzachgeier), 2071 m, part of the Salzachgeier in the Kitzbühel Alps
Mountain passes:
Kreuzjoch (Sellrainer Berge), 2563 m, between the Oberinntal Valley and the Sellrain Valley, Stubaier Alpen
Kreuzjoch (Pitztal), 2305 m, in the Ötztal Alps on the Kaunergrat range
Kreuzjoch (Furcela de Furcia), 2293 m, in the Geislergruppe
Kreuzjoch (Tuxer Kamm), 2178 m, near the Olperer in the Zillertal Alps
Kreuzjoch (Stubai), 2136 m, in the Schlick 2000 ski area near Fulpmes
Kreuzjoch (Rettensteingruppe), 1619 m, between Spertental and Windauertal south-east of Kitzbühel
Teall Island () is a high ridgelike island which rises above the Ross Ice Shelf at the west side of the mouth of Skelton Inlet. This may be the feature actually sighted and named Cape Teall by the Discovery expedition (1901–04). It was first mapped as an island by the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956–58) and named in association with nearby Cape Teall.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of the Ross Dependency
Hillary Coast
D77 may refer to:
Neo-Grünfeld Defence, Encyclopaedia of Chess Openings code
D77 (airport), an American public airport
HMS Nabob (D77), a Bogue-class escort aircraft carrier
HMS Trafalgar (D77), a Battle-class destroyer
HMS Whitshed (D77), a V and W class escort destroyer
In Praise of Dreams is a jazz album by Jan Garbarek that was released by ECM in 2004. In 2005, it was nominated for the Grammy for "Best Contemporary Jazz Album".
Track listing
All compositions by Jan Garbarek.
"As Seen from Above" – 4:42
"In Praise of Dreams" – 5:22
"One Goes There Alone" – 5:09
"Knot of Place and Time" – 6:27
"If You Go Far Enough" – 0:44
"Scene from Afar" – 5:19
"Cloud of Unknowing" – 5:26
"Without Visible Sign" – 5:04
"Iceburn" – 5:02
"Conversation with a Stone" – 4:25
"A Tale Begun" – 4:39
Personnel
Jan Garbarek – soprano saxophone, tenor saxophone, synthesizers
Kim Kashkashian – viola (tracks 2-4, 6-10)
Manu Katché – drums, percussion, samples
References
External links
Jan Garbarek - In Praise of Dreams (2004) album review by Thom Jurek, credits & releases at AllMusic
Jan Garbarek - In Praise of Dreams (2004) album releases & credits at Discogs
2004 albums
Jan Garbarek albums
ECM Records albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
VH-4 (Rescue Squadron 4) was one of six dedicated (VH) Rescue Squadrons of the U.S. Navy during WWII. A more comprehensive write-up on the VH squadrons can be found in the history of Rescue Squadron 3 (VH-3), which was the US Navy's most active VH squadron. VH-4 made 42 rescues of downed aviators, 9 rescues of Filipino civilians, and assisted in the rescue of another aviator. VH-4 was established in September 1944 and disestablished in November1946. The squadron employed the Martin PBM Mariner during its operations.
Operational history
September 1944: VH-4 was established at NAS San Diego, California..
March 1945: VH-4 commences operations in support of Invasion of Luzon in the Philippines. 7 survivors from 2 downed planes are rescued. An additional 9 Filipino women survivors from a capsized outrigger are rescued.
22 April 1945: Lt Norvell of VH-4 rescues 5 survivors from a downed B-25 off of Formosa.
June 1945: VH-4 relocates to Okinawa to join Rescue Squadron VH-3, which has been there since April. In the last two months of the war, VH-4 makes 30 rescues of downed aviators and assists in the rescue of another.
4 September 1945: VH-4 moved to Tokyo Bay.
October 1945: VH-4 moved to new seadrome at Sasebo, Nagasaki.
1 March 1945: VH-4 detached to task force participating in Operation Crossroads atomic tests.
November 1946: VH-4 was disestablished.
See also
VH-3 (Rescue squadron)
VH-4 squadron [1]
VH squadrons [2]
USS Gardiners Bay (AVP-39)
USS Suisun
USS Pine Island (AV-12)
USS Bering Strait (AVP-34)
USS Orca (AVP-49)
Dumbo (air-sea rescue)
Seaplane tender
Flying boat
Air-sea rescue
List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons
References
Rescue squadrons of the United States Navy
Geoffrey Patrick Dolan (known as Geoff Dolan) (born 29 December 1964 in Lower Hutt, New Zealand) is a New Zealand actor, singer and corporate entertainer who is probably best known in recent times as recurring character, Derrick/Thor in The Almighty Johnsons. They reside in Auckland.
Geoffrey hails from Wainuiomata. Geoff is also a popular corporate entertainer, singer and stage performer. Their voice can be heard on many commercials on New Zealand television.
Filmography
Film
Chunuk Bair (1992) .... Machine Gunner
Typhon's People (1993) (TV) .... Maitre D
Lawless (1999) (TV) .... Detective Sergeant Dave Bruford
Lawless: Dead Evidence (2000) (TV) .... Detective Sergeant Dave Bruford
Lawless: Beyond Justice (2001) (TV) .... Detective Sergeant Dave Bruford
No One Can Hear You (2001) .... Deputy Phil
Grace (2002)
Cheesey Goodness(2004)........Billy the Kid
In My Father's Den (2004) .... O'Neill
Spooked (2004) .... Simmonds
Hugh and Heke (2006)....Hugh
Sione's Wedding (2006)...Drunk singing in Jail
TV Work
Gloss as Neil Palmer (1987)
Shark in the Park as Wayne Hassett (1989)
Riding High as Paul Frazer (1995)
Hercules: The Legendary Journeys as Orent / Henchman / Fashion Police Officer (1997, 1999; 3 episodes)
Xena: Warrior Princess as Odd-job Man #1 (2000; 1 episode)
Jack of All Trades as Lucianni (2000; 1 episode)
Mercy Peak
What They Least Expected (2001) - Ross Duval
Mataku
The Fishing Trip (2002) .... Ron
Power Rangers Ninja Storm
Storm Before the Calm: Part 1 (2003) .... Official
Storm Before the Calm: Part 2 (2003) .... Official
Power Rangers Dino Thunder
Strange Relations (2004) (voice) .... Jade Gladiator
Power Rangers S.P.D.
Endings: Part 2 (2005) (voice) .... Omni
Endings: Part 1 (2005) (voice) .... Omni
Missing (2005) (voice) .... Herock
Power Rangers Mystic Force (2006) TV Series (voice) Koragg the Knight Wolf & other monsters
Kai Korero as Ken (2006) TV Series
Power Rangers Jungle Fury (2008) TV Series (voice) Dai Shi (spirit/monster form)
Outrageous Fortune (2010) Steve Brownlow (2 episodes)
The Almighty Johnsons (2011) as Derrick/Thor
Power Rangers Samurai
Clash of the Red Rangers (2011) (voice) .... Sergeant Tread
Power Rangers Megaforce (2013) TV Series (voice) .... Gosei
Power Rangers Ninja Steel (2017) .... Charity Worker
Power Rangers Beast Morphers (2020) Koragg the Knight Wolf (Redubbed archive footage)
Power Rangers Dino Fury (2021) Reaghoul
References
External links
https://archive.today/20130222095724/http://www.triciakelly.net/Hugh-and-Heke.html
http://www.geoffreydolan.com
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0230781/
http://www.tv.com/geoff-dolan/person/109666/summary.html
Living people
1964 births
New Zealand male film actors
New Zealand male television actors
New Zealand male voice actors
People from Lower Hutt
The 1921 Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football team represented the Georgia Tech Golden Tornado of the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1921 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season. The Golden Tornado played its home games at Grant Field.
The Golden Tornado was coached by William Alexander in their second year as head coach, compiling an 8–1 record (5–0 against Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA) teams) and outscoring opponents 360 to 56. The team beat Rutgers and its only loss was its only road game, at the Polo Grounds in New York City, to undefeated eastern power Penn State.
Defeating the rival Auburn Tigers secured a sharing of the SIAA title with the Georgia Bulldogs and Vanderbilt Commodores, though "no championship was ever won with less effort or achievement." noted sportswriter Fuzzy Woodruff.
Captain Judy Harlan made Walter Camp's third-team All-America. Red Barron led the team in scoring and rushed for 1,459 yards during the season, a school record at the time. Harlan, Barron, brothers John and Al Staton, and Oscar Davis made All-Southern.
Before the season
In 1921, football used a one-platoon system in which players played offense, defense, and special teams. A team which scored a touchdown had the option to kick off or receive, and the ball was much rounder. Coach William Alexander retained their predecessor John Heisman's scheme, using the pre-snap movement of their jump shift offense.
Gone from the team were greats such as Buck Flowers and Bill Fincher, who graduated in 1920. The Tornado captain was senior fullback Judy Harlan, called the school's greatest back by some and one of the country's best defensive backs.
Also in the backfield was junior halfback Red Barron, who had just recovered from a broken jaw received the previous season in a game against Vanderbilt. Future Tech fullback Sam Murray said about a strong runner during the 1930s, "He's good. But if I were playing again, I would have one wish – never to see bearing down upon me a more fearsome picture of power than Judy Harlan blocking for Red Barron."
Junior starting quarterback Jack McDonough missed the final four games last year due to an ankle injury caused by Pitt's fullback Orville Hewitt. Another halfback was Jimmy Brewster, known as the "side stepping wonder".
In the line at either end were the brothers John and Al Staton. At guard was Oscar Davis, who (with Barron) was listed on an All-Tech Alexander-era team. At center was sophomore Dad Amis.
Schedule
Season summary
Wake Forest
Sources:
The season opened with a 42–0 shutout of the Wake Forest Demon Deacons, who were hold to just one first down.
The intense heat made for many substitutions, and a number of Tech players starred. Despite the weather, Harlan still smashed into the line. Brewster got the season's first touchdown, a 25-yard run around left end. Barron later got a touchdown on a 60-yard run.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), McRee (left tackle), McIntyre (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), Hunt (quarterback), Brewster (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Oglethorpe
Sources:
In the second week of play, Red Barron starred as the Tornado defeated the neighboring Oglethorpe Stormy Petrels 41–0. Just prior to the game Oglethorpe had lost its star Johnny Knox.
The Tornado had 363 yards from scrimmage to Oglethorpe's four. The "right side of the Oglethorpe line was a wide open as the gap of Gehenna." A crowd of about 8,000 attended.
Dewey Scarboro scored Tech's first touchdown, and the second came on a 25-yard run by Barron, the star of the contest. In the third quarter, Tech sent in a substitute backfield which was even more successful.
The starting lineup was Nabelle (left end), Johnson (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Frye (center), Davis (right guard), Fincher (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Scarboro (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Davidson
Sources:
Tech shut out Davidson 70–0, with 22 first downs; Davidson had none. For the first touchdown, Barron threw a pass and Staton ran 35 yards for the score. The final score came when Barron had a 63-yard punt return for a touchdown, and Judy Harlan had four touchdowns.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), McRee (left tackle), Frye (left guard), Amis (center), Borum (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Ferst (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Furman
Sources:
The Tech backfield, led by Barron, defeated Billy Laval's Furman Purple Hurricane, 69–0. Milton McManaway played for Furman.
Barron had a 55-yard touchdown run. A punt return for a touchdown, with Barron reversing field, was disallowed due to an offside penalty. Judy Harlan received praise for their work as a defensive back.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), McRee (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Amis (center), Frye (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Ferst (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Rutgers
Sources:
The Tornado defeated Rutgers in an inter-sectional contest, 48–14. Tech's shift was at its peak, and Red Barron was the game's star. The first score was when Barron broke away for a 20-yard touchdown run around end. Rutgers' Carl Waite threw a 30-yard touchdown to Heinie Benkert.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), McRee (left tackle), Frye (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Brewster (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Penn State
Sources:
On October 29, the Penn State Nittany Lions' undefeated "Mystery Team" defeated Georgia Tech 28–7 at the Polo Grounds. Both teams used a shift.
Tech started strong, and Red Barron scored Tech's only touchdown. The game's star play immediately followed: an 85-yard kickoff return for a touchdown by Glenn Killinger. Penn State's defense stiffened after that.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), McRee (left tackle), Frye (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Barron (left halfback), Brewster (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Clemson
Sources:
"Just as we used to bring in a load of stove wood at nightfall, feed the pigs and milk the cows, so do football teams of note have their chores to perform year in and year out. Georgia Tech performed one of its accustomed tasks Saturday afternoon, when Clemson was decidedly thrashed, but the task was not performed in the usual manner, for Clemson scored a touchdown. The score was 48 to 7."
Tech started the game with a second-string backfield. Clemson scored first, with Burton running in a touchdown. Tech's first score came six seconds before the end of the first quarter, when Red Barron went around the tackle for a touchdown. The second touchdown came after a 20-yard Barron run. Pinkey Hunt got the first score of the second half. The fourth touchdown came when Jimmy Brewster gained 28 yards down field and almost 100 yards in all. Brewster also scored the next touchdown on a 15-yard run after completing an 18-yard pass. Barron and Harlan returned to the lineup late, scoring an additional touchdown apiece.
The starting lineup was Cornell (left end), Johnson (left tackle), Barnett (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), Lyman (right tackle), A. Staton (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Ferst (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Farnsworth (fullback).
Georgetown
Sources:
The Tornado defeated the Georgetown Blue and Gray, 21–7. Tech's first score came from Judy Harlan on a two-yard run behind right tackle. The second score was in the second half, when Red Barron skirted the left end for 20 yards and a touchdown. Barron made their team's final touchdown on a two-yard run behind left guard. Georgetown scored on a 95-yard return after DuFour recovered a Jack McDonough fumble.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Johnson (left tackle), Frye (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Ferst (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Auburn
Sources:
Georgia Tech defeated Auburn, 14–0. More than 21,000 fans, the largest crowd of the Southern football season, watched the game.
After a scoreless first half, Tech opened a drive to start the second half with runs from Barron, Harlan, and Ferst. As Barron was about to score, they fumbled and McDonough recovered the ball in the end zone. Barron later scored the second touchdown.
The starting lineup was J. Staton (left end), Johnson (left tackle), Lebey (left guard), Amis (center), Davis (right guard), A. Staton (right tackle), Mitchell (right end), McDonough (quarterback), Ferst (left halfback), Barron (right halfback), and Harlan (fullback).
Postseason
Awards and honors
Barron rushed for 1,459 yards during the season, and led the team in scoring with 90 points. Harlan, Barron, and Al Staton were composite All-Southerns, and Davis and John Staton made some All-Southern teams. Harlan made Walter Camp's third All-America team, and Barron made Jack Veiock's third team.
Championships
For yet another season, neither Tech nor the Bulldogs of Georgia lost to a Southern team. Tech tied with independent Centre, Georgia, and Vanderbilt for claims of the SIAA title. For Georgia coach Herman Stegeman, the contest for the mythical title of the greatest Southern team was between Centre, Georgia Tech, and Georgia. Sportswriter Fuzzy Woodruff in their History of Southern Football explained Tech was picked as champion "through force of habit"; though "no championship was ever won with less effort or achievement."
Personnel
Depth chart
The following chart depicts Tech's lineup during the 1921 season, with games started at the position in parentheses. It mimics the offense after the jump shift.
Scoring leaders
The following is an incomplete list of statistics and scores, largely dependent on newspaper summaries.
See also
1921 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season
1921 College Football All-America Team
Notes
Endnotes
References
Georgia Tech
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football seasons
Georgia Tech Golden Tornado football
Giovanni Scher (21 October 1915 in Koper, Austria-Hungary – 1992) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they won the silver medal as coxswain of the Italian boat in the coxed fours competition.
External links
Giovanni Scher's profile at databaseOlympics.com
Giovanni Scher's profile at the Italian Olympic Committee
1915 births
1992 deaths
Sportspeople from Koper
Italian male rowers
Coxswains (rowing)
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
The Cabinet of Jerzy Buzek was appointed on 31 October 1997 and passed the vote of confidence on 11 November 1997.
The Cabinet
Buzek, Jerzy
Cabinet of Jerzy Buzek
1997 establishments in Poland
2001 disestablishments in Poland
Cabinets established in 1997
Cabinets disestablished in 2001
Hart House Symphonic Band (HHSB) is a wind orchestra, with woodwind, brass, and percussion sections, based at Hart House at the University of Toronto.
HHSB is historically noteworthy as the first symphonic band to have instruments in which the initial sound-producing mechanisms of the instruments cover all three states of matter: solid, liquid, and gas. While other orchestras have three categories of instruments (strings, percussion, and wind), two of these categories (strings and percussion) use matter in its solid state, and one category (wind instruments) uses matter in its gaseous state. HHSB is, in some sense, the first large symphonic orchestra to use hydraulophones, musical instruments that produce the initial sound by way of matter in its liquid state.
The 2007 Spring Concert, including Janzen's Suite for Hydraulophone, Movement II, was also webcast live by six "cyborgloggers" using wearable computers, underwater cameras for the hydraulophone, and camera phones.
Conductors
HHSB was conducted for 11 years by Keith Reid, until 2006, and was in 2007 conducted by Roger Mantie, a PhD candidate at University of Toronto's Faculty of Music. Roger Mantie announced on March 11, 2008 that they would not be returning as the band's conductor in the fall.
Concerts
HHSB has two main concerts (at Hart House) each year: one in the spring and one in the fall. Additionally, HHSB has toured on some years, to hold other concerts. The concerts are generally free to the public.
External links
Hart House Symphonic Band official website
Rehearsal pictures site
Musical groups with year of establishment missing
Musical groups from Toronto
Canadian orchestras
University concert bands
This is a list of villages in Lalganj block, Vaishali district, Bihar state, India.
See also
List of villages in Vaishali district
PIYA
References
Lists of villages in Vaishali district
Lalganj
Väinö Veikko Sakari Huhtala (24 December 1935 – 18 June 2016) was a Finnish former cross-country skier who competed in the early 1960s. They won two medals in the 4 × 10 km relay at the Winter Olympics with a gold in 1960 and a silver in 1964. Huhtala also finished fourth in the 15 km event at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.
They also won a silver medal in the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in the 4 × 10 km relay.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
2 medals – (1 gold, 1 silver)
World Championships
1 medal – (1 silver)
References
External links
Huhtala biography
1935 births
2016 deaths
Finnish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Finland
Olympic silver medalists for Finland
People from Siikajoki
Sportspeople from North Ostrobothnia
Tony Silipini (April 20, 1931 – May 28, 2021) was an American professional wrestler, better known by their ring name, Tony Marino.
Professional wrestling career
Early career (1954-1963)
Tony Silipini was born in 1931. They started wrestling in 1954 near their hometown of Rochester, NY. They wrestled under a number of names over the years in different areas of the country. In Australia they were called Dino Lanza.
World Wide Wrestling Federation (1963-1972)
When Marino started wrestling in the WWWF in 1963 in preliminary matches. With the Batman craze sweeping the country in 1966, Marino created a wrestling version of the superhero. Their custom outfits were created by Karl & Hildegarde's of Columbus, Ohio. They debuted the persona in the Buffalo, NY area and had a smaller wrestler dressed as Robin. Bruno Sammartino, who had purchased the promotional office in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, brought Marino into Pittsburgh as "Battman" and installed them as a major wrestler in the territory. As The Battman, Marino became a fixture and very popular wrestler on Pittsburgh's very popular Studio Wrestling TV show. By 1970 the Batman gimmick was phased out.
Teaming with Bruno Sammartino
They formed a tag team with WWWF World Heavyweight Champion Bruno Sammartino. Marino wrestled with a mask as "The Battman" on the Pittsburgh circuit.
Teaming with Victor Rivera and return to singles
On December 9, 1969, Tony teamed with Victor Rivera in Madison Square Garden, where they defeated WWWF International Tagteam Champions Professor Toru Tanaka and Mitsu Arakawa in 2 straight falls. Marino and Rivera were the tag champions for almost seven months. Along the way, they scored wins over Killer Kowalski and Waldo Von Erich at Madison Square Garden, and Kowalski and Krippler Karl Kovacs at Sunnyside Gardens, Queens, NY. On June 15, 1970, at Madison Square Garden, they lost their titles 2 falls to 1 to The Mongols, the team of Bepo Mongol and Geto Mongol. Both tagteams were undefeated up to that point. After the Battman gimmick was obsolete, Marino returned to jobbing. In a 1971 match against George The Animal Steele, Marino broke their leg. In 1972, Marino left the WWWF.
National Wrestling Alliance (1972-1987)
In 1972, Marino started traveling in National Wrestling Alliance territories. In December 1972, they defeated Kurt Von Hess and Karl Von Shotz along with Fred Curry to win the Detroit version of NWA World Tag Team Championship. On January 5, 1973, they lost the titles to Kurt Von Hess and Karl Von Shotz. They received their second Detroit titles on February 2 and lost it to Kurt Von Hess and Karl Von Shotz on February 18.
Marino had then notable feuds with The Stomper, Ben Justice and Killer Tim Brooks. In 1974, they formed a tag team with Bobo Brazil. They defeated Kurt Von Hess and Karl Von Shotz to win the Detroit titles. Marino got their third Detroit Tag Team Championship. The titles were held up in June 1974 in match against Ben Justice and Killer Tim Brooks. They won rematch on June 15. They lost their titles to Killer Tim Brooks and Abdullah the Butcher. They defeated Killer Tim Brooks and Abdullah the Butcher and received the titles back. They lost the titles to The Mongols and this was Marino's final Detroit Tag Team Championship.
Marino retired from wrestling in 1987.
Tony Marino's granddaughter, who wrestles as Lady Frost participated at the NWA 73rd Anniversary Show.
Marino died at the age of 90 on May 28, 2021.
Championships and accomplishments
Big Time Wrestling
NWA World Tag Team Championship (Detroit version) (7 times) - with Fred Curry (4 times) and Bobo Brazil (3 times)
West Virginia
West Virginia Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with José Marino
This was a different Tony Marino who along with their brother Jose wrestled the WV circuit
WWWF International Tag Team Championship (2 times) - with Bruno Sammartino (1 time) and Victor Rivera (1 time)
References
External links
1931 births
2021 deaths
American male professional wrestlers
American professional wrestlers of Italian descent
Professional wrestlers from New York (state)
People from Rochester, New York
Stampede Wrestling alumni
20th-century professional wrestlers
Behavioral clustering is a statistical analysis method used in retailing to identify consumer purchase trends and group stores based on consumer buying behaviors.
Traditional versus behavioral clustering
Traditional clustering
Historically, retailers and manufacturers have grouped stores based on top-down constraints such as store size, total store sales volume, retail banner, or supply chain requirements to ensure the chain is operating efficiently. In other cases, a strategy to group stores into common demographic or geographic clusters is followed. The major benefit of using a top-down traditional approach is that, by using averages to group stores, it ensures the chain is operating at maximum efficiency. The risk when using this approach is in not meeting localized demand on a store-by-store basis, resulting in a potential loss in sales.
Behavioral clustering
When performing behavioral clustering, store clusters are formed based on analyzing the actual performance (e.g. sales dollars, units sold) of items, categories or departments, in every store within a network. This approach enables store groups to be created based on actual consumer buying behaviors.
After placing each store in a cluster, individual consumer-centric strategies can then be created to facilitate targeted marketing, advertising, merchandising, pricing, and promotion plans. In addition, once store groups are formed, retailers and manufacturers are able to analyze the resulting store clusters to identify demographic, psychographic, or geographic similarities. For instance, analysis of one group of stores may highlight that they are all located in a similar geographic location (in the Northeast or near large population centers) or that a particular demographic similarity may exist i.e. a specific ethnic, age or income group may have a strong preference to a particular brand or style. This allows the retailer to determine which categories will be represented in the similar stores, how they will be marketed and promoted, and where they will be positioned and priced within the store.
The major benefit of using a bottom-up behavioral clustering approach is that it enables the retailer to quickly identify clusters of stores with similar demand patterns, enabling them to develop truly customer-centric marketing, merchandising, space, and pricing strategies. The risk when using this approach is a potential loss in operational efficiency if too many clusters are established. The key to behavioral clustering is to find the right balance of localization to meet consumer demand while still maintaining operational efficiency.
References
External links
Behavioural Clustering 101: Here's What You Need To Know
Personalize Content on Your Website with Behavioral Clustering
A two-step segmentation algorithm for behavioral clustering of naturalistic driving styles
Cluster analysis
Retail analytics
Mark Speer (born November 9, 1979) is an American musician and songwriter, best known as the guitarist and one of the founding members of the musical trio Khruangbin.
Biography
Mark Speer was born November 9, 1979 in Houston, Texas. The first music video they remember seeing on MTV is Grandmaster Flash's "The Message", the production of which they found intriguing. At the time, Speer thought that rock and roll music "was terrible", and thinks that people continue to associate them with rock music just because they play guitar. One of the first concerts they attended as a child was that of Parliament-Funkadelic.
Speer initially wanted to play drums but could not afford them, so they started playing bass guitar. Later, they borrowed a four-track cassette recorder from a friend of their dad, and was making tracks with Casio drums by playing them with their fingers. They wanted to put chords on them, so they borrowed a guitar from a friend and started learning jazz fusion chords.
Speer met their (then future) bandmate Donald "DJ" Johnson in 2004 while playing in Rudy Rasmus' St. John's Methodist Church gospel band in Houston, Texas. The church employed Speer as the guitarist and Johnson as the organist. They met their other (then future) bandmate Laura Lee through friends, where they initially connected over a shared love of Afghan music and Middle Eastern architecture. In 2010, Speer and Lee went on tour with Yppah and Bonobo. During this time, they recruited DJ on drums and formed Khruangbin.
Speer has recorded three studio albums with Khruangbin: The Universe Smiles Upon You (2015), Con Todo el Mundo (2018), and Mordechai (2020). Their family owns a barn in Burton, Texas where Khruangbin records all their music, while the overdubs are done in SugarHill Recording Studios in Houston.
A notable part of the band's visual style is the black wigs that Speer and their bandmate Lee wear on stage, and during promotional interviews and photoshoots. Originally this was to help them move from the stage to the merchandise stand without being recognised during early tours.
Songwriting, technique and gear
Speer uses a Fender Stratocaster which is the only guitar they have. They replaced its neck and bridge pickups with DiMarzio Cruisers to avoid 60 cycle hums in studio settings. They use D'Addario Chromes flatwound strings, buying .012-.052 sets and an additional single .010, throwing away the .052, and tuning to standard EADGBE. Due to the consistency of tone throughout the lifespan of flatwounds, they only changes their strings approximately once per tour. Similarly, Speer only has one guitar pick, which is worn to a round tip.
In the studio, Speer uses a Fender Deluxe Reverb '65 Reissue guitar amplifiers; live, they use a '68 Custom Deluxe Reverb. They connect their guitar into a Dunlop Cry Baby pedal that they never turns off. From there, the connection goes to a Boss DS-1, Boss PS-3, MXR Dyna Comp, Electro-Harmonix Holy Grail, and Strymon El Capistan with an expression pedal. Sometimes, they use their amp's vibrato effect.
Much of Speer's guitar style comes from seeking to emulate the harmonic and timbral characteristics of other instruments, such as the krar, bağlama, rubab, shamisen, mbira, and djembe.
Speer prefers the band's compositions to center primarily around on bass and drums, instead of guitar. They provide occasional vocals for the band, although they dislike singing in general.
Influences
Speer has mentioned Roy Ayers, Prince, Roots Radics, Mark Knopfler, Steely Dan, Lata Mangeshkar, Sezen Aksu, DJ Sun, and Ernie Isley as their biggest influences. They described Kassav's album Lagué mwen as an album that changed their lives. A self-professed "world music nerd" and a devoted crate digger, Speer is interested in music from all over the world, preferring music that is not in the English language, and tones that are not very prevalent in the Western music. In Khruangbin, Speer tries to replace the lead singer's role with their guitar, so they listen to a lot more singers than they do to guitar players.
References
American rock guitarists
American funk guitarists
American soul guitarists
American male guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
1979 births
Living people
Lead guitarists
Musicians from Houston
21st-century American male musicians
Ray Ball (born 20 February 1949) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Ball was a fullback, who came to Richmond from Ballarat and made six appearances early in the 1969 VFL season. They didn't play again for the rest of the year and missed out on participating in Richmond's premiership team. After playing only six more games in 1970, Ball crossed to South Melbourne but struggled with injury in their first season with the club. They were a regular fixture in the South Melbourne side in 1972 and 1973, playing 16 games in each season.
Once their time at South Melbourne had come to an end, Ball continued their football career in the Victorian Football Association, where they played for Caulfield. Later, in 1979, they coached Mulgrave to an Eastern Districts Football League premiership. Ball then joined the coaching staff at Carlton and was put in charge of their Under-19s team in 1981. They also served as an assistant coach with the Sydney Swans.
Two sons, Luke and Matthew Ball, both played in the Australian Football League.
References
1949 births
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Richmond Football Club players
Sydney Swans players
Caulfield Football Club players
Living people
Avature is a privately-held global human capital management software as a service company. It is incorporated in Dublin, Ireland and operates subsidiaries in Argentina, Australia, China, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
Avature offers solutions in recruiting and talent management technology. According to Avature's website, the platform is used by over 650 customers in 160 countries and 24 languages. As of 2021, the company had 987 employees.
History
Dimitri Boylan, co-founder and former CEO of HotJobs founded Avature in 2005 as a recruiting outsourcing service provider. Avature provided services to large organizations and global staffing firms in New York and Buenos Aires. In September 2008, the company commercially released its flagship product, Avature CRM, a client relationship management system for talent acquisition.
In 2012 Avature sold its recruiting services businesses to Korn Ferry and focused on software development. In subsequent years, the company's product suite has expanded to include an applicant tracking system, as well as software for campus and events recruiting, onboarding, internal mobility, performance management, and contingent workforce management.
Awards and recognition
2008 "a Top HR Product", Human Resource Executive Magazine
2010 "Cool Vendor", Gartner
2012 "TekTonic Award for Talent Management", HRO Today
2018 "Top HR Product" for Avature Contingent Workforce Management (CWM), HR Executive Magazine
2018 "Top Women Leaders in SaaS list" for Avature CFO, AnaLaura Darino, The Software Report
2019 "Best Advance in Talent Acquisition Technology" gold medal, Brandon Hall Group
2020 No. 55 of "Top 100 Software Companies", The Software Report
References
Recruitment
Recruitment software
Customer relationship management software companies
As a service
Multinational companies
In Māori mythology, Tangotango (sometimes called Hāpai) was a celestial woman who fell in love with the great hero Tāwhaki and came to earth to become their wife. After bearing them a daughter, Arahuta, they quarreled and they returned to heaven. Tāwhaki and their brother set out on a great adventure to find them
References
Māori mythology
José Manuel Estepa Llaurens (1 January 1926 – 21 July 2019) was a Spanish prelate of the Catholic Church who was Military Archbishop of Spain from 1983 to 2003. They were made a cardinal in 2010.
Biography
Born in Andújar, Spain, on 1 January 1926. They studied philosophy at the Pontifical University of Salamanca and theology at the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome, where they obtained a doctorate in pastoral theology. They obtained a licentiate in pastoral catechesis at the Institut Catholique, Paris, in 1956.
They were ordained a priest on 27 June 1954. They were chaplain of Colegio Mayor Universitario Guadalupe of Madrid, from 1956 until 1960. They served as professor at the Hispanicamerican Theological Seminary of Madrid from 1956 to 1964 and director of the Department of Pastoral of Obra de Cooperación Sacerdotal Hispanoamericana (OCSHA) from 1957 to 1961. They served as the assessore to the presidency of the Episcopal Council of Latin America (CELAM) from 1958 to 1967. They also collaborated with the Catholic Action. From 1965 until 1971, they were a national director of catechesis of the Spanish Episcopal Conference, as well as general delegate of the Episcopal Commission for Education and consultor of the Congregation for the Clergy, 1971.
Pope Paul VI appointed them an auxiliary bishop of Madrid and titular bishop of Tisili on 5 September 1972. They were consecrated a bishop on 15 October 1972; their principal consecrator was Cardinal Vicente Enrique y Tarancón, Archbishop of Madrid.
Pope John Paul II appointed them the Ordinary of the Military Archbishopric of Spain and Titular Archbishop of Velebusdus on 30 July 1983. Their titular see was changed to Titular Archbishop of Italica on 18 November 1989, but they resigned it on 7 March 1998. They retired as Military Archbishop of Spain on 30 October 2003. In the 1980s and 90s they were a member of the Commission of six bishops that edited the Catechism of the Catholic Church and oversaw the production of its Spanish translation.
Pope Benedict XVI made them Cardinal-Priest of San Gabriele Arcangelo all'Acqua Traversa on 20 November 2010 at the age of 84.
They died on 21 July 2019 at the age of 93.
References
External links
1926 births
2019 deaths
Roman Catholic titular archbishops
21st-century Spanish cardinals
Pontifical Gregorian University alumni
Institut Catholique de Paris alumni
Cardinals created by Pope Benedict XVI
Pontifical University of Salamanca alumni
People from Andújar
Dussumieriidae is a family of clupeiform fishes popularly called the "round herrings". It is now recognized by FishBase as a family in its own right; it had been considered to be a subfamily of Clupeidae. It contains two extant genera, and one extinct genus from the Ypresian of Monte Bolca.
References
Clupeiformes
Marine fish families
Ray-finned fish families
The acronym LOFAR may refer to:
Low-Frequency Array (LOFAR): A large radio telescope system, based in the Netherlands
Low Frequency Analyzer and Recorder (LOFAR) equipment and Low Frequency Analysis and Recording (LOFAR) process; associated terms referring to processing and display low-frequency underwater sounds in the Sound Surveillance System (SOSUS) and antisubmarine warfare
Low Frequency Analysis and Ranging (LOFAR) as applied to some SONAR systems
Giovanni di Giacomo Gavazzi, also called Giacomo Gavasio (16th-century) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance style.
They were a native of Poscante, in the valley of Brembana. They appear to have trained and worked mainly in Bergamo early in the 16th century, but few records exist.  They are the author of five arched panels with figures of the Apostles, and of three paintings in tempera of half-length figures of Saints and Bishops in couples, on a gold ground, in the Lochis-Carrara Gallery in Bergamo. There is also a painting by them of The Virgin crowned by Angels, dated 1512, in the church of Sant' Alessandro in Colonna.
References
Attribution:
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Painters from Bergamo
Italian Renaissance painters
Battle Cry: Worship from the Frontlines is an album by Teen Mania Ministries.
Track listing
"You Are Good"
"BattleCry"
"Forevermore/Awesome God"
"Wrap Me In Your Arms"
"Rescue"
"Worthy Is Not Enough"
"I Am Free"
"To The Ends Of The Earth"
"Children And Kings"
"Filled With Glory"
"Rain Down"
2005 live albums
The rose-throated tanager (Piranga roseogularis) is a medium-sized songbird in the family Cardinalidae, the cardinals or cardinal grosbeaks. Endemic to the Yucatán Peninsula in Central America, it is found in Belize, Guatemala, and Mexico. The male has greyish plumage with a deep rose throat and crown, while the female is similar but for a yellow crown and throat.
Taxonomy and systematics
American ornithologist Samuel Cabot III described the rose-throated tanager in 1846, having seen a pair in the Yucatán Peninsula and shooting the male. A 2019 genetic study using mitochondrial DNA showed that it was a basal (early offshoot) of a lineage
that gave rise to the scarlet, hepatic, summer, western and flame-colored tanagers.
The rose-throated tanager and the other species of genus Piranga were originally placed in the family Thraupidae, the "true" tanagers. Since approximately 2008 they have been placed in their current family, the Cardinalidae.
The rose-throated tanager has three recognized subspecies, the nominate Piranga roseogularis roseogularis, P. r. tincta, and P. r. cozumelae.
Description
The rose-throated tanager is long and weighs . The nominate male's crown and throat are deep rose and the rest of the body shades of gray. The folded wings and tail appear crimson. The female's crown and throat are yellow. The upper parts are yellowish olive and the underparts mostly pale gray to whitish. Its folded wings and tail are yellowish. P. r. tincta has the same color schemes as the nominate but is paler, and P. r. cozumelae is darker.
Distribution and habitat
The nominate rose-throated tanager is found in the northern, drier, part of Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula. P. r. tincta is found in the more humid southern part of the peninsula and in northern Guatemala and Belize. P. r. cozumelae is restricted to the islands of Mujeres and Cozumel off the east coast of the peninsula. The species primarily inhabits the edges of semi-humid and humid mature forest and the undergrowth of scrubby forest, although it sometimes is found in areas with scrub and only scattered trees. In elevation it ranges from sea level to .
Behavior
Feeding
The rose-throated tanager forages throughout most levels of the forest, in undergrowth, saplings, mid-level, and the canopy. In the last it often joins mixed-species foraging flocks. It has also been observed following army ant swarms. Details of its diet have not been published.
Breeding
No information on the rose-throated tanager's breeding phenology has been published.
Vocalization
The rose-throated tanager's song is "a rich warbled 'whee chee cheer-el-chee cheer-el-cheu chee-el-chu.... Calls include a nasal "rreh" and a mewing "myaaa".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the rose-throated tanager as being of The Least Concern. "Although portions of the area within its range are subject to considerable human-caused environmental pressures, the species does not appear to be at any immediate risk."
References
External links
rose-throated tanager
Birds of the Yucatán Peninsula
Birds of Belize
rose-throated tanager
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Big Wave is a 1948 novel by Pearl S. Buck. They won the 1948 Child Study Association's Children's Book Award (now Bank Street Children's Book Committee's Josette Frank Award) for The Big Wave. The book contains illustrations from Utagawa Hiroshige and Katsushika Hokusai.
Plot
Kino lives with their family on a farm on the side of a mountain in Japan while their friend, Jiya, lives in the fishing village below. Though everyone in the area has heard of the big wave no one suspects that when the next one comes, it will wipe out Jiya's entire family and fishing village below the mountain. Jiya soon must leave their family behind in order to keep the fisherman traditions alive.
Jiya, now orphaned, struggles to overcome their sadness and is adopted into Kino's family. They and Kino live like brothers and Jiya takes on the life of a farmer. Even when the wise Old Gentleman offers Jiya a wealthy life at their rich castle, Jiya refuses. Though Jiya is able to find happiness again in their adopted family, particularly with Kino's younger sister, Setsu, Jiya wishes to live as a fisherman again as they come of age.
When Jiya tells Kino that they wish to marry Setsu and return to the fishing village, Kino fears that Jiya and Setsu will suffer and it is safer for them to remain on the mountain as a farmer, thinking of the potential consequences should another big wave come. However, Jiya reveals their understanding that it is in the presence of danger that one learns to be brave, and to appreciate how wonderful life can be.
Adaptations
Pearl S. Buck worked with Tad Danielewski to develop the script for television (1956), and the show played successfully to critics. Buck also worked closely on the film version, The Big Wave (1961) which Danielewski directed. The film starred Sessue Hayakawa, Mickey Curtis, and Juzo Itami. Singer Judy Ongg also appeared in the film.
References
Citations
Bibliography
1948 American novels
American novels adapted into films
American novels adapted into television shows
Novels by Pearl S. Buck
Novels set in Japan
Japan in non-Japanese culture
John Day Company books
American children's novels
1948 children's books
Novels about natural disasters
American novellas
Talia'uli Latukefu (born August 2, 1984) is an Australian actor and singer, best known for their roles as Dwayne Johnson in the NBC comedy Young Rock and Byamba in the American Netflix series Marco Polo. They also played Darren Ngata in the popular Australian dramatic series Doctor Doctor in series 2–4 from 2017 to 2020. They played Cole in the short film Alien: Covenant - Prologue: Last Supper and the feature film Alien: Covenant, both directed by Ridley Scott; Last Supper was released on February 22, 2017, and Covenant on May 19, 2017.  They are also known for their role as Father Matteo in the psychological thriller miniseries Devil's Playground and as "Kool Kris" in the Chris Lilley mockumentary series Jonah from Tonga. In 2004, they were a contestant in the reality singing competition series Australian Idol. They will have a role in the upcoming superhero film Black Adam.
Of Tongan descent, Latukefu is a graduate of the National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA). They live in Sydney, Australia.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Australian male film actors
Australian male television actors
Australian people of Tongan descent
National Institute of Dramatic Art alumni
Jayu Park is an urban park located in Incheon, South Korea. It is seen as the city's marquee public park. Known as Freedom Park in English, it is located on a bluff overlooking the city's harbor. Prominently placed is a statue of the Korean War officer Douglas MacArthur, whose amphibious assault liberated the city. The park also houses a number of other statues, a small zoo, and a memorial to the Joseon–United States Treaty of 1882. It is the first "Western-style" urban park built in South Korea. The park is also renowned for its sakura blossoming season.
References
Parks in Incheon
John A. Rapp (born 1952) is an American political science professor teaching at Beloit College, USA since 1986. They primarily specialise in "Chinese politics, Communist and post-Communist systems, comparative democracies and electoral systems, and Chinese and comparative political thought."
They contribute regularly to both the publication and the conferences of the Anarchist Studies group. In 2012 Continuum published their book Daoism and Anarchism: Critiques of State Autonomy in Ancient and Modern China as part of their Contemporary Anarchist Studies series. The book won appraise for its contribution to advancing the political context of Daoism and the Dao.  They are currently working on a biography project on Issachar J. Roberts, the 19th century southern Baptist China missionary who served as mentor and advisor to the leaders of China's Taiping rebellion.
They received their PhD from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Bibliography
Daoism and Anarchism: Critiques of State Autonomy in Ancient and Modern China (New York: Continuum)
Anarchism or Nihilism?: The Buddhist-Influenced Thought of Wu Nengzi, in Alexandre Christoyannopoulos (ed.), Religious Anarchism: New Perspectives (Newcastle upon Tyne, England: Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2009)
Autocracy and China's Rebel Founding Emperors: Comparing Chairman Mao and Ming Taizu (coauthored with Anita Andrew) (Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield Press, 2000)
Clashing Dilemmas: Hong Rengan, Issachar Roberts, and a Taiping ‘Murder' Mystery, Journal of Historical Biography 4 (Autumn 2008): 27-58, online at https://www.ufv.ca/jhb/Volume_4/Volume_4_Rapp.pdf
Daoism as Utopian or Accommodationist: Radical Daoism Reexamined in Light of the Guodian Manuscripts, in Laurence Davis and Ruth Kinna (eds.), Anarchism and Utopianism (University of Manchester Press, 2009)
Maoism and Anarchism: Mao Zedong's Response to the Anarchist Critique of Marxism, Anarchist Studies 9 (2001): 3-28; “Daoism and Anarchism Reconsidered,” Anarchist Studies 6: 2 (October 1998): 123-152
The Fate of Marxist Democrats in Leninist Party-States: China's Debate on the Asiatic Mode of Production, Theory and Society 16 (1987): 709-740.
Utopian, Anti-Utopian, and Dystopian Ideas in Philosophical Daoism, Comparative Asian Development 2:2 (Fall 2003): 211-231
References
External links
Clashing Dilemmas: Hong Rengan, Issachar Roberts, and a Taiping “Murder” Mystery
Daoism and Post-Anarchism: Similarities and Lessons
Denunciations of Anarchism in the People's Republic of China
Living people
1952 births
American University alumni
Indiana University alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison alumni
Beloit College faculty
Mount Lado or Jebel Lado is an isolated hillock in Jubek State, South Sudan, about 13 km northwest of the White Nile and 28 km due north of the national capital Juba. The mountain was also called Mount Nyerkenyi.
The current name comes from Lado-lo-Möri, the Bari chief who controlled the surrounding area when British governor Charles George Gordon founded Lado, on the West Nile bank southeast of the mountain, as the capital of the Central Equatoria province.
The hill rises about 500 m above the flat alluvial plain to a peak altitude of 1006 meters, and dominates the landscape, being the only hill in a radius of 30 km (the nearest one being Jebel Kunufi to the southwest, with peak at 871 m). The hill is almond-shaped, about 4.7 km long and 3.6 km wide, with the long axis oriented north by northeast. The Koda River runs about 3 km south and 5 km southwest of its base. It is surrounded by several small villages, including Ludo Kenyi and Rombe Lako.
References
Mountains of South Sudan
White Nile
Juba
The Massacre in the Rue Haxo () was a massacre of priests and gendarmes by communards during the semaine sanglante ("bloody week") at the end of the Paris Commune in May 1871.
Background
The communards associated the Catholic Church with conservatism and imperialism and enforced a separation between Church and state.
In April, the Commune had arrested some 200 clergy to serve as hostages against reprisals from the Versailles government, and to use in possible prisoner exchanges. In particular, leaders of the Commune hoped to be able to exchange the archbishop of Paris, Georges Darboy, for Louis Auguste Blanqui, but this offer was rebuffed by Adolphe Thiers, president of the Third Republic. Versailles troops entered the city on 21 May, and by 24 May had retaken much of the city. Théophile Ferré signed an order of execution for six of the hostages at la Roquette Prison, specifically including the archbishop; they were executed by firing squad.
Massacre
On 26 May, 50 further hostages from la Roquette Prison were executed, this time publicly in rue Haxo.
On 27 May, some of them attempted to escape; they were immediately killed.
In total, 110 were killed, of whom 75 were clergy and 35 were soldiers.
Legacy
A chapel was built on the site in 1894, and in 1938 the church in rue Haxo was inaugurated as Notre-Dame des Otages.
On 25 November 2021, the Vatican recognized five victims of the 26 May killings as martyrs: Henri Planchat, Ladislas Radigue, Polycarpe Tuffier, Marcellin Rouchouze, and Frézal Tardieu.
References
Further reading
Massacre: The Life and Death of the Paris Commune
1871 in France
1870s in Paris
Massacres in 1871
Massacres in France
Paris Commune
Communism-based civil wars
Massacres of Christians
Persecution by atheist states
Zhang Yuanshu (; born 25 May 1997) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Shandong Taishan.
Club career
Zhang was loaned to Brazilian teams Desportivo Brasil and São Paulo during their youth development.
In May 2022, they were loaned to China League One side Zibo Cuju.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Shandong Taishan F.C. players
São Paulo FC players
Zibo Cuju F.C. players
China League One player
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Rachel Wyatt (born 1929 in Bradford, England) is an English-Canadian dramatist.
Wyatt emigrated to Canada with their family in 1957. They have written scores of plays for the BBC and Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Wyatt was appointed as a member of the Order of Canada in 2002 and awarded the Queen's Golden Jubilee Medal in 2003.
Novels
The String Box (1970)
The Rosedale Hoax (1977)
Foreign Bodies (1982)
Time in the Air (1985)
Mona Lisa Smiled a Little (1999)
Time's Reach (2003)
Short story collections
The Day Marlene Dietrich Died (1996)
The Last We Heard of Leonard (2004)
The Magician's Beautiful Assistant (2005)
Biographies
Agnes Macphail (2000)Dundurn Press
Sources
Bloomsbury Guide to Women's Literature
References
External links
Literary archives
Order of Canada
The Magician's Beautiful Assistant
Banff Centre
List of Books, Plays, Readings, Awards, etc
Agnes Macphail by Rachel Wyatt
Archives of Rachel Wyatt (Rachel Wyatt fonds, R11832) are held at Library and Archives Canada
1929 births
Living people
Writers from Bradford
English dramatists and playwrights
Canadian women dramatists and playwrights
English emigrants to Canada
English women writers
20th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
Canadian women novelists
20th-century Canadian novelists
Canadian women short story writers
British women short story writers
20th-century Canadian women writers
20th-century Canadian short story writers
20th-century English women
20th-century English people
A Life to Die For is the 12th studio album by Royal Hunt.
Track listing
All songs by André Andersen.
Hell Comes Down from Heaven (9:27)
A Bullet's Tale (5:54)
Running Out of Tears (5:31)
One Minute Left to Live (5:49)
Sign of Yesterday (6:02)
Won't Trust, Won't Fear, Won't Beg (4:58)
A Life to Die For (8:38)
European Digipack Edition Bonus DVD – World Tour 2012
Tour Kick-off (1:25)
Half Past Loneliness (7:49) - original from Show Me How to Live (2011)
Hard Rain's Coming (12:50)) - original from Show Me How to Live (2011)
Age Gone Wild (8:29) - original from Land of Broken Hearts (1992)
Far Away (6:21) - original from Far Away [EP] (1995) / Moving Target (1995)
Step by Step (5:59) - original from Moving Target (1995)
Interview with André Andersen (8:13)
- 2, 3: recorded live in Seoul, Korea
- 4: recorded live in Moscow, Russia
- 5: recorded live in Madrid, Spain
- 6: recorded live in Ekaterinburg, Russia
Personnel
Band members
André Andersen – keyboards, rhythm guitar, producer
Jonas Larsen – lead guitar
Allan Sørensen - drums
D.C. Cooper – lead vocals
Andreas Passmark – bass
Additional musicians
Kenny Lubcke - backing vocals
Alexandra Popova - backing vocals
Michelle Raitzin - add. lead vocals (2)
Jacob Kjær - guitar (3: solo)
Soma Allpass - strings
Christina Lund - strings
Patricia Skovgaard - strings
Christina Larsen - strings
Erik Rosenqvist - brass, woodwinds
Mads Kofoed - brass, woodwinds
CV Company - choir
Charts
References
Royal Hunt albums
2013 albums
Gokina Rama Rao is an Indian film, character actor, known for their works in Telugu cinema.
Awards
Nandi Awards
Nandi Award for Best Actor - Punadhirallu (1979)
Selected filmography
Kaani
2008 Ganapathi
1999 Sultan
1998 Kanyadanam
1997 Preminchukundam Raa
1995 Maya Bazaar
1992 Antham
1992 Prema Vijetha
1991 Surya IPS
1991 Naa Pellam Naa Ishtam
1990 Prema Khaidi as Bapineedu
1988 Praja Pratinidhi
1986 Driver Babu as Public Prosecutor
1984 Mangammagari Manavadu
1979 Punadhirallu
1979 President Peramma
1977 Chillara Kottu Chittemma
1973 Doctor Babu
1973 Manchi Vallaki Manchivadu
References
Indian male film actors
Telugu male actors
People from Nalgonda
20th-century Indian male actors
Nandi Award winners
AUSL (Academy for Urban School Leadership) is a Chicago nonprofit school management organization founded in 2001. Today, it manages 31 Chicago Public Schools serving more than 16,000 students. Over 1,045 teachers have graduated from the AUSL Chicago Teacher Residency.
History
Former Chicago Public Schools (CPS) President Arne Duncan met with financier Martin Koldyke and CPS educator Dr. Donald Feinstein and developed the idea of creating a specialized training program for teachers in urban schools. That led to the development of the Chicago Teacher Residency.
Chicago Teacher Residency Program
The centerpiece of AUSL's efforts is the Chicago Teacher Residency program, a year-long urban teacher training program in Chicago's Public Schools. The 12-month, full-time, paid training program combines teacher preparation, licensure, and a master's degree.
After the training year, graduates commit to teach in an AUSL-managed Chicago Public School for at least four years.
Network of Schools
AUSL manages 31 Chicago Public Schools serving over 16,000 students. AUSL schools operate within the CPS system.
Results
U.S. News & World Report Education ranked Chicago Academy High School in the top ten best public high schools in the city of Chicago.
Morton School of Excellence has maintained Level 1 status since school year 2010-11. In 2012, Morton School of Excellence surpassed the district ISAT average, the first school to achieve this milestone.
In 2013, Phillips Academy High School achieved Level 1 status for the first time in its history.
Every year since 2008, AUSL elementary schools, on average, have surpassed the district's growth on ISAT gains.
Independent Research
The University of Chicago Consortium on Chicago School Research and American Institutes for Research in 2012 released a summary from their independent research evaluating the effect of reform including AUSL schools The study concluded the following:
Four years after intervention, the gap in test scores between reformed elementary/middle schools and the school system average closed by almost half in reading and by two-thirds in mathematics.
The teacher workforce after intervention across all models was more likely to be white, younger, and less experienced, and were more likely to have provisional certification than teachers who were at those schools before the intervention.
Without intervention, the comparison neighborhood schools saw minimal to no increases in average test scores.
Furthermore, these significant results were achieved serving the same students as before intervention.
Transformation of an elementary school is a process, not an event. The gains seen in the fourth year vs. the comparison schools are higher than those seen in the first year.
High schools that underwent reform did not show significant improvements in absences or ninth grade on-track-to-graduate rates over matched comparison schools, but recent high school efforts look more promising than earlier ones.
Criticism
A Chicago Tribune article on AUSL from February 2012 entitled "School reform organization gets average grades"
stated that,
Most of AUSL turnarounds score below CPS averages on the percentage of students meeting or exceeding state benchmarks on standardized testing. Those schools that beat district averages have been accused of pushing out their lowest-performing students or those with discipline problems to artificially inflate their test scores.
References
Teacher training programs
AmeriCorps organizations
Educational organizations based in the United States
Schools in Chicago
Education in Chicago
Organizations based in Chicago
Education policy
Public high schools in Chicago
Public middle schools in Chicago
Public elementary schools in Chicago
2001 establishments in Illinois
Nordstrandischmoor (, North Frisian: Lätj Möör; also known locally as Lüttmoor) is a Hallig (undyked islet) off the North Frisian coast in Germany and lies within the Schleswig-Holstein Wadden Sea National Park.
Geography
Administratively, Nordstrandischmoor belongs to the municipality of Nordstrand and is one of its parishes. The Hallig has an area of 1.9 km2. In the spring of 2008, 27 people lived on Nordstrandischmoor.
Its link with the mainland is the Lüttmoorsiel-Nordstrandischmoor island railway a construction railway with a rail gauge of 600 mm, which runs to the mainland at Beltringharder Koog in the munincipality of Reußenköge. At high tide, ships can also dock. At low tide the Hallig may also be reached on foot over the mudflats.
On the island, there are four warfs, artificial dwelling mounds on which are located a primary school (with 3 students, the smallest school in Germany - as at 2010) and a restaurant. The four warfs, from east to west are:
Gallery
References
External links
Hallig Nordstrandischmoor
Halligen
Tidal islands of Germany
Islands of Schleswig-Holstein
Florence station is a train station in Florence, South Carolina, United States served by Amtrak. It is currently served by the Palmetto and Silver Meteor routes, and is a service stop for the Auto Train.
The station site contains two buildings. The original station, built by the Atlantic coastline Railroad in 1910, is currently the McLeod Regional Medical Center. The previous station served as a junction between the Wilmington and Manchester Railroad, the Northeastern Railroad, the Cheraw and Darlington Railroad (all three of which were acquired by ACL) and the South Carolina Western Railway (which became part of the Seaboard Air Line Railroad). The current station was built in 1996.
References
External links
Florence, South Carolina (FLO) – Great American Stations (Amtrak)
Florence Amtrak Station (USA Rail Guide – TrainWeb)
Amtrak stations in South Carolina
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1910
Buildings and structures in Florence, South Carolina
Transportation in Florence County, South Carolina
Former Atlantic coastline Railroad stations
Khenejin (, also Romanized as Khenejīn, Khanājīn, Khānājin, Khanjīn, Khenjīn, Farahan , and Khon Jīn) is a city in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,909, in 741 families. This city is populated by Azerbaijanians
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Cities in Markazi Province
The Minister of State at the Department of Health is a junior ministerial post in the Department of Health of the Government of Ireland who may perform functions delegated by the Minister for Health. A Minister of State does not hold cabinet rank.
There are currently three Ministers of State, who were appointed in 2020:
Frank Feighan, TD – Minister of State with responsibility for Public Health, Well Being, National Drugs Strategy;
Mary Butler, TD – Minister of State with responsibility for Mental Health and Older People; and
Anne Rabbitte, TD – Minister of State with responsibility for Disability. Rabbitte is also Minister of State at the Department of Children, Equality, Disability, Integration and Youth, where they also have responsibility for Disability.
List of Parliamentary Secretaries
List of Ministers of State
References
Health
Department of Health (Ireland)
Bathypontiidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Calanoida.
Genera:
Alloiopodus Bradford, 1969
Temorites Sars, 1900
Temoropsis Wolfenden, 1911
Zenkevitchiella Brodsky, 1955
References
Copepods
Leptocarpus is a genus of dioeceous rush-like perennial plants described as a genus in 1810.
The genus as currently conceived is entirely endemic to Australia. A few species native to other places were formerly included, but they have been moved to other genera.
Species
The following species are accepted as of 2021:
Leptocarpus canus Nees
Leptocarpus coangustatus Nees
Leptocarpus crassipes Pate & Meney
Leptocarpus crebriculmis B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus decipiens B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus denmarkicus (Suess.) B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus depilatus B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus kraussii B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus laxus (R.Br.) B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus roycei B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus scariosus R.Br.
Leptocarpus scoparius B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus tenax (Labill.) R.Br.
Leptocarpus tephrinus B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus thysananthus B.G.Briggs
Leptocarpus trisepalus (Nees) B.G.Briggs
Formerly included
Over 70 other names have been published using the name Leptocarpus, but they have been transferred to other genera, including the following:
Apodasmia, Chaetanthus, Dapsilanthus, Empodisma, Hydrophilus, Hypolaena, Lepyrodia, Meeboldina, Restio, Rhodocoma, Staberoha, Willdenowia.
Name in homonymic genus
In 1820, the name Leptocarpus was applied to some plants in the Verbenaceae. Thus was created an illegitimate homonym. One species name was included in the illegitimate genus, i.e.:
Leptocarpus chamaedrifolius – Tamonea spicata
References
Restionaceae
Poales genera
Endemic flora of Australia
The Czech Social Democratic Party (ČSSD) leadership election of 1993 was held on 28 February 1993. Miloš Zeman was elected new leader of ČSSD. Zeman defeated Jiří Paroubek, Petr Miller and Pavel Novák who was endorsed by incumbent leader Jiří Horák. Zeman and Paroubek qualified but Paroubek dropped out of the election and Pavel Novák took their place in the second round.
Jiří Paroubek represented so-called "Rakovník wing" in ČSSD that supported centrist orientation of the party. Zeman was more left-wing candidate. Zeman's wing was more radical against ODS. The third wing was called Centrist and its stances were somewhere between the other two wings. It was represented by Pavel Novák. Petr Miller was not part of any wing and their support was minimal. 407 delegates were allowed to vote. Candidate needed to gain at least 204 votes to win.
Results
References
Czech Social Democratic Party leadership elections
Czech Social Democratic Party leadership election
Czech Social Democratic Party leadership election
Indirect elections
Czech Social Democratic Party leadership election
The women's épée A wheelchair fencing competition at the 2008 Summer Paralympics was held on 15 September at the Olympic Green Convention Center.
The competition began with a preliminary stage where fencers were divided into two pools and played a round robin tournament.
In this stage, the winner of a bout was the first person to score five hits or the person with the highest score at the end of four minutes.
Next was a knock-out stage, where fencers competed in three three-minute bouts with a one-minute break between each.
The winner was the first to reach fifteen hits, or the one with the highest score at the end of the last bout.
In the event of a tie, another one-minute bout was held, with the winner being the first to score a hit.
The event was won by Zhang Chuncui, representing .
Results
Preliminaries
Pool A
Pool B
Competition bracket
References
Wheelchair fencing at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Para
The 1983 Stanford Cardinal baseball team represented Stanford University in the 1983 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Cardinal played their home games at Sunken Diamond. The team was coached by Mark Marquess in their 7th year at Stanford.
The Cardinal won the Pacific-10 Conference South Division and the West I Regional to advanced to the College World Series, where they were defeated by the Michigan Wolverines.
Roster
Schedule
! style="" | Regular Season
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 1 || January 30 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 17–10 || 1–0 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 2 || January 31 || San Francisco || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 28–5 || 2–0 || –
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#fffdd0"
| 3 || February 1 || at || Unknown • Hayward, California || 8–8 || 2–0–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 4 || February 2 || San Francisco || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 6–3 || 3–0–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 5 || February 4 || at || Titan Field • Fullerton, California || 5–9 || 3–1–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 6 || February 6 || at Cal State Fullerton || Titan Field • Fullerton, California || 2–3 || 3–2–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 7 || February 6 || at Cal State Fullerton || Titan Field • Fullerton, California || 5–8 || 3–3–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 8 || February 11 || at || San Jose Municipal Stadium • San Jose, California || 2–3 || 3–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 9 || February 14 || San Jose State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 9–2 || 4–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 10 || February 14 || San Jose State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 15–11 || 5–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 11 || February 15 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 4–1 || 6–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 12 || February 19 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 8–3 || 7–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 13 || February 19 || Pacific || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 7–6 || 8–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 14 || February 20 || at Pacific || Billy Hebert Field • Stockton, California || 13–1 || 9–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 15 || February 21 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 4–0 || 10–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 16 || February 22 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 9–8 || 11–4–1 || –
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 17 || February 25 || at || Jackie Robinson Stadium • Los Angeles, California || 13–5 || 12–4–1 || 1–0
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 18 || February 29 || at UCLA || Jackie Robinson Stadium • Los Angeles, California || 7–1 || 13–4–1 || 1–0
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 19 || March 4 || at || Jerry Kindall Field at Frank Sancet Stadium • Tucson, Arizona || 3–4 || 13–5–1 || 1–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 20 || March 5 || at Arizona || Jerry Kindall Field at Frank Sancet Stadium • Tucson, Arizona || 10–9 || 14–5–1 || 2–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 21 || March 6 || at Arizona || Jerry Kindall Field at Frank Sancet Stadium • Tucson, Arizona || 15–6 || 15–5–1 || 3–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 22 || March 8 || at || Unknown • Davis, California || 16–6 || 16–5–1 || 3–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 23 || March 19 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 8–4 || 17–5–1 || 4–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 24 || March 25 || Arizona State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 9–8 || 18–5–1 || 5–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 25 || March 26 || Arizona State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 6–5 || 19–5–1 || 6–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 26 || March 26 || Arizona State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 6–5 || 20–5–1 || 7–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 27 || March 28 || Arizona State || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 23–2 || 21–5–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 28 || March 29 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 7–1 || 22–5–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 29 || March 30 || Santa Clara || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 11–6 || 23–5–1 || 8–1
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 30 || April 1 || at San Jose State || San Jose Municipal Stadium • San Jose, California || 9–2 || 24–5–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 31 || April 2 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 7–2 || 25–5–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 32 || April 4 || at Santa Clara || Buck Shaw Stadium • Santa Clara, California || 4–7 || 25–6–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 33 || April 5 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 14–3 || 26–6–1 || 8–1
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 34 || April 8 || at || Evans Diamond • Berkeley, California || 4–7 || 26–7–1 || 8–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 35 || April 9 || California || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 5–4 || 27–7–1 || 9–2
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 36 || April 10 || at California || Evans Diamond • Berkeley, California || 2–3 || 27–8–1 || 9–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 37 || April 15 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 13–8 || 28–8–1 || 10–3
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 38 || April 15 || UCLA || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 11–12 || 28–9–1 || 10–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 39 || April 16 || UCLA || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 10–4 || 29–9–1 || 11–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 40 || April 17 || UCLA || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 10–3 || 30–9–1 || 12–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 41 || April 18 || UCLA || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 4–3 || 31–9–1 || 13–4
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 42 || April 22 || at Arizona State || Packard Stadium • Tempe, Arizona || 0–2 || 31–10–1 || 13–5
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 43 || April 23 || at Arizona State || Packard Stadium • Tempe, Arizona || 1–10 || 31–11–1 || 13–6
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 44 || April 24 || at Arizona State || Packard Stadium • Tempe, Arizona || 9–7 || 32–11–1 || 14–6
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 45 || May 1 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 2–4 || 32–12–1 || 14–7
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 46 || May 1 || Southern California || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 1–3 || 32–13–1 || 14–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 47 || May 2 || Arizona || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 5–3 || 33–13–1 || 15–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 48 || May 6 || at Southern California || Dedeaux Field • Los Angeles, California || 12–5 || 34–13–1 || 16–8
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 49 || May 7 || at Southern California || Dedeaux Field • Los Angeles, California || 2–13 || 34–14–1 || 16–9
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 50 || May 7 || at Southern California || Dedeaux Field • Los Angeles, California || 6–8 || 34–15–1 || 16–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 51 || May 8 || at Southern California || Dedeaux Field • Los Angeles, California || 12–5 || 35–15–1 || 17–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 52 || May 13 || California || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 9–2 || 36–15–1 || 18–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 53 || May 14 || at California || Evans Diamond • Berkeley, California || 9–1 || 37–15–1 || 19–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 54 || May 15 || California || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 6–3 || 38–15–1 || 20–10
|-
|-
|-
! style="" | Postseason
|- valign="top"
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 55 || May 27 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 14–0 || 39–15–1 || 20–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 56 || May 28 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 4–3 || 40–15–1 || 20–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 57 || May 29 || || Sunken Diamond • Stanford, California || 11–5 || 41–15–1 || 20–10
|-
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 58 || June 3 || vs Oklahoma State || Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 1–3 || 41–16–1 || 20–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ccffcc"
| 59 || June 5 || vs || Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 3–1 || 42–16–1 || 20–10
|- align="center" bgcolor="#ffcccc"
| 60 || June 8 || vs Michigan || Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium • Omaha, Nebraska || 4–11 || 42–17–1 || 20–10
|-
Awards and honors
Mike Aldrete
First Team All-Pac-10
Jeff Ballard
First Team All-Pac-10
Eric Hardgrave
Pac-10 Conference South Division Player of the Year
First Team All-Pac-10
First Team All-American American Baseball Coaches Association
Vince Sakowski
First Team All-Pac-10
References
Stanford Cardinal baseball seasons
Stanford Cardinal baseball
College World Series seasons
Stanford
Pac-12 Conference baseball champion seasons
Safe@Office is a line of firewall and VPN appliances developed by SofaWare Technologies, a Check Point company.
The Check Point Safe@Office product line is targeted at the small and medium business segment, and includes the 500 and 500W (with Wi-Fi) series of internet security appliance. The old S-Box, Safe@Home, 100 series, 200 series, and 400W series are discontinued.
The appliances are licensed according to the number of protected IP addresses (referenced to as users) in numbers 5, 25 or unlimited. There is also a variant with a built-in ADSL modem.
See also
VPN-1 UTM Edge — similar appliance with possibility of being managed from the Check Point SmartCenter.
References
External links
Safe@Office Product Page At The Check Point Website
Safe@Office Product Page At The SofaWare Website
Fixing Your Connection Is Not Private Error In Browser
Computer network security
Alberto Nicolás Martínez (born 13 August 1990) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Deportivo Riestra.
Career
After youth stints with Atlas, Vélez Sarsfield and Ferro Carril Oeste, General Lamadrid were Martínez's first senior team. Five goals in seventy-three fixtures followed in Primera C Metropolitana across the 2008–09, 2009–10 and 2010–11 seasons, with the latter concluding with promotion to Primera B Metropolitana; though they'd be relegated after one season, as they appeared thirty-one times. In early 2013, Deportivo Español of the fourth tier completed the signing of Martínez. Four goals in fifty-seven fixtures occurred along with promotion. They had a stint back with General Lamadrid to end 2014, prior to joining San Telmo.
Martínez won their third career promotion whilst with San Telmo, all coming under the management of Jorge Franzoni. Martínez scored on their first appearance in Primera B Metropolitana for San Telmo, netting in a February 2016 victory over Acassuso. During the 2016–17 Primera B Metropolitana, Martínez scored twelve goals in the league; with braces against Acassuso, Colegiales and Villa San Carlos. On 30 June 2017, Martínez agreed a loan move to Primera B de Chile side Unión La Calera. They participated in eighteen matches in all competitions in the 2017 season, as the club won promotion via the play-offs.
In January 2018, Martínez was loaned to Deportivo Riestra for the rest of 2017–18 in Primera B Nacional and all of 2018–19 in Primera B Metropolitana. In February 2021, Martínez moved Almirante Brown until the end of the year. They then re-joined their former club General Lamadrid ahead of the 2022, before returning to Deportivo Riestra in June 2022.
Career statistics
.
Honours
General Lamadrid
Primera C Metropolitana: 2010–11
San Telmo
Primera C Metropolitana: 2015
Unión La Calera
Primera B: 2017
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Moreno Partido
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Chile
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Chile
Primera C Metropolitana players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Primera B de Chile players
Primera Nacional players
General Lamadrid footballers
Deportivo Español footballers
San Telmo footballers
Unión La Calera footballers
Deportivo Riestra players
Club Almirante Brown footballers
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Wólka Kańska-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The East Bay Hills refer to a 'fault ridge' of ancient rock on the south side of the East Bay of the Bras d'Or Lake, located on Cape Breton Island, Canada, and are an extension of the Appalachian mountain chain. The East Bay Hills lie in Cape Breton County.
The East Bay Hills rise to little more than , forming low ridges in an otherwise lowland landscape. This hill is largely uninhabited (by humans), and include the highest elevation point on Cape Breton Island south of the Bras d'Or Lake at Sgurra Bhreac with a commanding view of the Mira area and Atlantic Ocean to the south.
Geology and landscape development
The East Bay Hills are an elongated block of Precambrian rocks and is composed of two rock types: primarily volcanic deposits of the Fourchu Group (ash and lava interleaved with marine sediments), but also granites. They are elongated northeast–southwest in accordance with the same prevailing trend of faults which dominates the geological structures of the North Bras d'Or Uplands. The southeastern margins are also faulted, in this case bringing the resistant Precambrian strata against late Carboniferous sandstones and siltstones. On the northeastern side the contact is with easily eroded Carboniferous Windsor Group strata, which were deposited directly against the blocks when they stood as islands in the Carboniferous Sea.
In form and structure the relief and elevations of the East Bay Hills reflect not only their geological setting, surrounded by rocks of varying resistance, but also their position on the low side of the planation surface. Precambrian rocks of equivalent resistance have created dominant uplands further north in Cape Breton, but here, where there was little uplift during the Tertiary, there was also minimal rejuvenation of erosional action and limited exposure of this hard core of old rocks.
The steepest slopes are found on the northwest side of the East Bay Hills, where soft Windsor Group rocks form a narrow band along the shore. The valley of Breac Brook, at the north end of East Bay Hills, appears to be an ancient coastal valley which was filled by Windsor Group deposits and is now being exhumed. The fault line on the southeastern margin can be seen in some areas (e.g., northeast of Oban) but in general does not form a prominent scarp slope.
In this part of Cape Breton south of Bras d'Or Lake, glaciation more than geological structure appears to have influenced drainage patterns. South of East Bay Hills the glacial direction is strongly northeast–southwest, in this case parallel to the fault which defines their southern boundary.
Fresh water
The East Bay Hills have relatively flat plateau-like crests which are poorly drained. Most streams are located on the margins and are aligned northeast, reflecting the glacial direction. The hills contain several lakes and a few scattered raised bogs.
Soils
Heavily podzolized Thom soils with a thick iron humate B horizon cover most of the hills. They are associated with Arichat soils (poorly drained, mottled, sandy loams), found where the relief is gently undulating or depressional. There are also small areas of peat.
Plants
These hills are somewhat lower than the North Bras d'Or Hills and shade-tolerant hardwoods, although present, are not dominant. The East Bay Hills support instead mixed stands of Red Maple, White Birch, Yellow Birch, American Beech, Balsam Fir, and White Spruce.
Animals
There are few moose in this area. Deer are found on side slopes in winter yards. There are a large number of eagle nests in stream ravines.
Tourism
The hills offer views north over Bras d'Or Lake, for example, where Highway 4 climbs above shore level near Irish Cove and Middle Cape. Ben Eoin Provincial Park lies along the north edge of the hills. The Ben Eoin Trail (1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) return) starts at the Ben Eoin Provincial Picnic Park and leads to a well cleared look-off of solid ground and large flat stone on a ridge of the East Bay Hills with a panoramic view of the East Bay of the Bras d'Or Lake 165 metres (541 ft) below.
Cultural environment
Small-scale farming is practised in some areas of the East Bay Hills. Fishing the waters of the Bras d'Or Lake and sporadic forestry have been economic activities in the past. Much of this area is now cottage country, and tourism plays a significant role in the local economy. In the early 1900s the mineral springs at Glengarry in Irish Cove were well known for their perceived healing properties, which drew local people as well as distant travellers.
References
External links
Feature in the Natural History of Nova Scotia
Mountains of Nova Scotia
Landforms of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Landforms of Cape Breton County
Mountains of Canada under 1000 metres
de:Cape Breton Highlands
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1990:.
1990
Notes
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1990 at HKcinemamagic.com
1990
Lists of 1990 films by country or language
1990 in Hong Kong
Hancock County is a county located in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 55,478. Its county seat is Ellsworth. The county was incorporated on June 25, 1789, and named for John Hancock, the first governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (32%) is water. The county high point is Cadillac Mountain, 1527 feet, the highest summit on the U.S. Atlantic seaboard.
Adjacent counties
Penobscot County — north
Washington County — northeast
Waldo County — west
Knox County — southwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 51,791 people, 21,864 households, and 14,233 families living in the county. The population density was 33 people per square mile (13/km2). There were 33,945 housing units at an average density of 21 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.61% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 1.15% from two or more races. 0.65% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
The largest ancestry groups in Hancock County, Maine according to the 2000 census are:
24.6% English
16.6% American
11.9% Irish
6.6% French
6.1% German
96.8% spoke English, 1.5% French and 1.0% Spanish as their first language.
There were 21,864 households, out of which 28.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.50% were married couples living together, 8.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.90% were non-families. 27.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.81.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.30% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 26.80% from 45 to 64, and 16.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,811, and the median income for a family was $43,216. Males had a median income of $30,461 versus $22,647 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,809. About 7.00% of families and 10.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.90% of those under age 18 and 9.50% of those age 65 or over.
The 1990 Census counted 46,948, though the 1998 population estimate is 49,932.1 The gender division was 22,996 males, 23,952 females in 1989. Ninety-nine percent of the population was white (46,446), 121 American Indians, 249 Asians, 79 Blacks and 52 "other"
Sixty-six percent of the population of Hancock County are Mainers by birth, three percent were born outside the US.
Of the 31,475 persons over 25 years old, 83% (26,214) had a high school degree or higher. Twenty-one percent had a bachelor's degree or higher.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 54,418 people, 24,221 households, and 14,834 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 40,184 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.9% white, 0.8% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.0% were English, 19.8% were American, 15.2% were Irish, 9.0% were German, and 7.2% were Scottish.
Of the 24,221 households, 24.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.9% were married couples living together, 8.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.8% were non-families, and 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.71. The median age was 46.3 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,533 and the median income for a family was $60,092. Males had a median income of $41,046 versus $32,444 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,876. About 6.8% of families and 11.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.2% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.
Economy
Of employed persons 16 years and over in 1990, 1,108 indicated involvement in the "agriculture, forestry and fisheries" industry, though 1,206 indicated "farming, forestry and fishing occupations." The U.S. Census data are not dependable for determining the numbers of individuals involved in the fishing industry. Only firms with 10 or more employees must report their numbers, as well as firms paying workmen's compensation insurance. Because the majority of fishermen in Maine are considered self-employed, the statistics underreport fishing employment.
Cranberry Isles, Deer Isle, Frenchboro, Gouldsboro, Southwest Harbor, Stonington, Swans Island and Tremont (Bass Harbor) were identified by a key respondent as fisheries dependent. Bar Harbor, Brooklin, Brooksville, Hancock, Lamoine, Mount Desert, Penobscot, Sedgwick, Sorrento and Sullivan were also noted as having either significant fishing activity or a significant number of people who fish. Winter Harbor's fishing activities were once dwarfed by the economic activity associated with a naval base, but now that the naval base has closed, fishing activity will most likely be the dominant economic activity in the community. Salmon farming is also popular in the area and Maine Salmon is an important export.
Hancock County has the longest coastline of any Maine county. Commercial fishing and tourism are the county's most important industries. Hancock County is home to Acadia National Park (the only national park in Maine or the New England region, excluding the national sea shore on Cape Cod) and Cadillac Mountain (the highest point in Maine's coastal region). Jackson Laboratory, noted for cancer research, is located in Bar Harbor. Two institutions of higher education are located in Hancock County: Maine Maritime Academy at Castine and the College of the Atlantic at Bar Harbor.
Air pollution
The American Lung Association issues annual State of the Air reports. Their current score card gives Hancock county an "F" for ozone pollution, the only Maine county to receive an F score.
Government and Politics
The county's Commissioners are William F. Clark, John Wombacher and Paul Paradis.
|}
Communities
City
Ellsworth (county seat)
Towns
Amherst
Aurora
Bar Harbor
Blue Hill
Brooklin
Brooksville
Bucksport
Castine
Cranberry Isles
Dedham
Deer Isle
Eastbrook
Franklin
Frenchboro
Gouldsboro
Great Pond
Hancock
Lamoine
Mariaville
Mount Desert
Orland
Osborn
Otis
Penobscot
Sedgwick
Sorrento
Southwest Harbor
Stonington
Sullivan
Surry
Swan's Island
Tremont
Trenton
Verona Island
Waltham
Winter Harbor
Unorganized territories
Central Hancock
East Hancock
Northwest Hancock
Census-designated places
Bar Harbor
Blue Hill
Bucksport
Castine
Southwest Harbor
Winter Harbor
Other unincorporated villages
Bass Harbor
Bernard
Corea
East Blue Hill
East Orland
Harborside
Hulls Cove
Islesford
Manset
Minturn
Northeast Harbor
Prospect Harbor
Salisbury Cove
Sargentville
Seal Cove
Seal Harbor
Somesville
Sunset
Town Hill
Education
School districts include:
K-12:
Airline Community School District
Blue Hill School District
Brooklin School District
Brooksville School District
Castine School District
Cranberry Isles School District
Dedham School District
Deer Isle-Stonington Community School District
Ellsworth Public Schools
Hancock Public Schools
Frenchboro School District
Lamoine Public Schools
Otis School District
Penobscot School District
Sedgwick School District
Surry School District
Trenton School District
Regional School Unit 24
Regional School Unit 25
School Administrative District 76
Hancock Unorganized Territory
Secondary:
Mount Desert Community School District
Elementary:
Bar Harbor School District
Mount Desert School District
Southwest Harbor School District
Tremont School District
See also
Aquaculture in Maine
Nicatous Lake, the second largest lake in Hancock County
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hancock County, Maine
References
External links
Official Website of Hancock County
Hancock County on Maine.gov
Maine counties
1789 establishments in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1789
Jagpal Singh (born 6 August 1984, in Punjab) is an Indian football player who last played as a defender for East Bengal F.C. in the I-League.
External links
Profile at Goal.com
Indian footballers
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Hoshiarpur
I-League players
JCT FC players
Salgaocar FC players
East Bengal Club players
India international footballers
Association football defenders
The chestnut-winged foliage-gleaner (Dendroma erythroptera) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
Further reading
chestnut-winged foliage-gleaner
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
chestnut-winged foliage-gleaner
chestnut-winged foliage-gleaner
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
7255 aluminium alloy is a wrought alloy with high zinc weight percentage (from 7.8 to 8.4%). It also contains magnesium, copper.
Chemical composition
Properties
References
Aluminium alloy table
Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa, Skrwa Północna, or Płosznica) is a river of Poland, a right tributary of the Vistula. Its own tributaries include the Okalewka, the Urszulewka, the Chraponianka, the Sierpienica, and the Bobrownica.
Its shorter counterpart the Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa) joins the Vistula about three miles upstream on the opposite bank.
Rivers of Poland
Rivers of Masovian Voivodeship
This is a summary of 1976 in music of all genres in the United Kingdom, including the official charts from that year.
Overview
This year saw the emergence of disco as a force to be reckoned with, a trend which would hold for the rest of the decade and peak in the last two years. This was also the year which truly established ABBA as the top selling act of the decade with them achieving their second, third and fourth number ones (as well as releasing the biggest-selling album of the year). The ABBA formula was also replicated in the biggest-selling song of the year - the Eurovision-winning "Save Your Kisses for Me" by Brotherhood of Man, who began a three-year run in the UK charts from 1976. Other acts to achieve notable firsts were Elton John, who scored their first UK number one single this year (albeit as a duet with Kiki Dee), Showaddywaddy had their first and only number one and long-standing hitmaker Johnny Mathis also scored their biggest hit this year. The album charts saw TV advertising become a major factor in changing the landscape of big sellers with non-regular singles artists achieving high sales with compilations. Among these were Slim Whitman, Bert Weedon, Glen Campbell and The Beach Boys, who remained at number one for ten consecutive weeks.
Also emerging this year was a new trend, which became known as punk rock. This was little evident on the charts as yet, and was more a lifestyle choice, but would become much more significant the following year, as many new acts who typified the trend came onto the scene.
Overall, 1976 is not considered a vintage year by music critics, with its overwhelming dominance by pop and MOR acts. Certainly, many consider 1976 to be the nadir of British music and hold the year's charts up to be the very reason why Punk and New Wave music emerged with such force the following year.
Britain's foremost classical composers of the late 20th century, including Sir William Walton, Benjamin Britten and Sir Michael Tippett, were still active. Sir Charles Groves conducted the Last Night of the Proms, and the soloist for "Rule Britannia" was contralto Anne Collins; the programme included Walton's Portsmouth Point overture.
Events
6 March - EMI Records reissues all 22 previously released British Beatles singles, plus a new single of the classic "Yesterday". A number of them hit the UK charts at the same time.
7 March - A wax likeness of Elton John is put on display in London's Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum.
9 March - The Who's Keith Moon collapses on stage ten minutes into a performance at the Boston Garden.
3 April - Brotherhood of Man win the Eurovision Song Contest for the UK with the song "Save Your Kisses For Me". It goes on to be the biggest-selling Eurovision winner ever.
3 May - Paul McCartney and Wings start their Wings over America Tour in Fort Worth, Texas. This is the first time McCartney has performed in the US since The Beatles' last concert in 1966 at Candlestick Park.
19 May - Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards is involved in a car accident. Cocaine is found in their wrecked car. Richards is given a court date of 12 January 1977.
2 July - Benjamin Britten is created Baron Britten of Aldeburgh in the County of Suffolk, less than six months before their death.
4 July - Elton John performs for a crowd of 62,000 at Shaffer Stadium, Foxboro, Massachusetts, as part of the United States Bicentennial celebrations.
5 August – A drunken Eric Clapton, appearing at the Birmingham Odeon, calls on their audience to support Enoch Powell and oppose immigration.
11 August – Keith Moon, drummer of the Who, is rushed to hospital for the second time in five months, in a "mentally disturbed" state, after trashing their Miami hotel room.
11 September - Sir Charles Groves conducts the Last Night of The Proms, which includes music by Britten, William Walton, Frederick Delius and other British composers. Anne Collins is guest soloist.
20 September & 21 September - 100 Club Punk Festivals, the first international punk festival is held in London. Siouxsie and the Banshees play their first concert.
8 October - The Sex Pistols sign a contract with EMI Records.
November - The recently formed Rock Against Racism pressure group holds its first gig, featuring Carol Grimes.
Charts
Number One singles
Number One albums
Year-end charts
Between 5 January and 10 December 1976.
Best-selling singles
Best-selling albums
The list of the top fifty best-selling albums of 1976 were published in Music Week and in Record Mirror at the end of the year, and reproduced in the second edition of the BPI Year Book in 1977. However, in 2007 the Official Charts Company published album chart histories for each year from 1956 to 1977, researched by historian Sharon Mawer, and included an updated list of the top ten best-selling albums for each year based on the new research. The updated top ten for 1976 is shown in the table below.
Bands formed
Elvis Costello & the Attractions
The Jam
The Clash
The Cure
The Damned
Generation X
Madness
UK Subs
Bands disbanded
Soft Machine
The Pretty Things
Argent
Deep Purple (they reform in 1984)
Classical Music: new works
Benjamin Britten - Welcome Ode for young people's voices and orchestra
Jonathan Harvey - I Love the Lord
Alun Hoddinott - A Contemplation upon Flowers
Daniel Jones - Dance Fantasy
William Mathias - Zodiac Trio
William Walton - Varii Capricci
Opera
Peter Maxwell Davies - The Martyrdom of St Magnus
Iain Hamilton - Tamberlaine (radio)
Film and Incidental music
John Addison - Swashbuckler (US film).
Musical films
Bugsy Malone
The Slipper and the Rose
Births
16 January - Stuart Fletcher (The Seahorses)
21 January - Emma Bunton, singer (Spice Girls) and actor
8 March - Gareth Coombes (Supergrass)
15 March - Roger Ratajczak, singer (Code Red)
17 March - Stephen Gately, Irish singer (Boyzone) (died 2009)
3 April - Will Mellor, singer and actor
6 April - James Fox, singer-songwriter
18 April - Sean Maguire, singer and actor
8 May - Ian "H" Watkins (Steps)
10 May - Stuart Braithwaite, singer-songwriter and guitarist (Mogwai)
2 June - Tim Rice-Oxley (Keane)
13 June
Jason "J" Brown, singer (5ive)
Kym Marsh, singer (Hear'Say)
19 June - James Hearn, singer (Ultra)
22 June - Gordon Moakes (Bloc Party)
3 July - Shane Lynch, Irish singer (Boyzone)
10 July - Philip Howard, pianist and composer
28 July - David Oliver, singer (Point Break)
12 August - Stuart MacRae, composer
16 September - Tina Barrett, singer (S Club 7)
18 September - Adam Mates, Irish singer (OTT)
1 October - Richard Oakes, guitarist (Suede)
29 October - Mark Sheehan, Irish singer and guitarist (Mytown, The Script)
16 November - Dan Black (The Servant)
12 December - Dan Hawkins, English guitarist, songwriter, and producer (The Darkness and Stone Gods)
29 December - Brett Adams, singer (Point Break)
Deaths
5 January - Mal Evans, Beatles' former roadie and patron of Badfinger, 40 (shot)
8 January - George Baker, singer, 90
13 January - Isolde Menges, violinist, 82
19 March - Paul Kossoff, guitarist, (Free), 25 (drug-related)
26 March - Duster Bennett, blues musician, 29
14 May - Keith Relf, vocalist (The Yardbirds), 33 (electrocuted)
15 May - David Munrow, early music performer, 33 (suicide)
26 May - Dame Maggie Teyte, operatic soprano, 88
30 May - Hugo Rignold, violinist and conductor, 71
24 August - Michael Head, pianist and composer, 76
26 October - Deryck Cooke, musicologist and broadcaster, 57
28 November - Harold Darke, organist and composer, 88
4 December - Benjamin Britten, composer, 63
date unknown - Malcolm Boyle, organist and composer, 74
See also
1976 in British radio
1976 in British television
1976 in the United Kingdom
List of British films of 1976
References
External links
BBC Radio 1's Chart Show
The Official Charts Company
British
British music by year
Shinjuku Southern Terrace (新宿サザンテラス) is a commercial zone located at at the western side of Shinjuku Station Southern Exit. It was built above the Odakyu Odawara Line, to the west of Takashimaya Times Square across the Yamanote Line, and to the south of Shinjuku Mylord. The location opened in April 1998. Shinjuku Southern Terrace is the southern portion of Shinjuku Terrace City, a continuous piece of real estate property owned by Odakyu Group in and around Shinjuku Station.
Shinjuku Southern Terrace is only a one-minute walk away from the South exit of the Shinjuku Station, and a 10-minute walk from the West exit.
Located in the Odakyu Southern Tower, there are four floors of shops. On the first floor there is El Torito Mexican restaurant. On the second floor, there is a Shake Shack restaurant. On the third floor, there are a FedEx Kinko's office and printing center, Papa Milano Italian Restaurant, and Maharaja Indian restaurant. On the fourth floor are two restaurant/bars: Symphony Orchestra Japanese restaurant, and Banyoh steak restaurant. Also located in the Odakyu Southern Tower in the Hotel Century, located on the 19th through the 35th floors. On the 19th floor there are two restaurants, Shihori Inamori River Seasons Taste and Xenlon. On the 20th floor you have the South Court, which consists of a bar and lounge, and “Tribeks” which is a restaurant.
In the area just outside the Odakyu Southern Tower, is the terrace area, which also has a handful of restaurants. These include Starbucks, Eddie Bauer, and Franc Franc.
Shinjuku Southern Terrace has many different lighting events throughout the year.
External links
[ Shinjuku Southern Terrace official website]
[ Shinjuku Terrace City official website]
Neighborhoods of Tokyo
Buildings and structures in Shibuya
Morena district is one of the 52 districts of the central Indian state of Madhya Pradesh, located in the Chambal division.
History
Excavations in the district have found Naga coins from the 3rd and 4th centuries, suggesting the region was under their rule. After them, the district was ruled by the various dynasties of the Gangetic Plain: Guptas, Vardhanas, and Gujara-Pratiharas. After the Gujara-Pratiharas the region was ruled by the Kachchapaghatas, whose king Kirtiraja built the temples at Sihoniya. After their demise, the Tomar Rajputs took over the region and ruled until the Mughal hegemony. After this, part of the district fell under the Ranthambore sarkar of Ajmer Subah and Gwalior sarkar of Agra Subah. After the Third Battle of Panipat in 1761, Mahadaji Shinde of Ujjain captured the region for the Marathas and in 1810 the Scindias established Gwalior State. In 1853 Gwalior established districts. What became Morena district comprised four: Sabalgarh, Sheopur, Sikarwari and Tanwarghar.
During the 1857 rebellion, Gwalior remained loyal to the British and was invaded by Tatya Tope and Rani Lakshmibai of Jhansi. Although they captured Gwalior for a time, they were eventually defeated in battle where the Rani was killed. In 1947, Gwalior joined the Indian Union and in 1948 it became part of the state of Madhya Bharat. After the 1956 reorganisation it remained in Madhya Pradesh.
Morena has been home to various famous dacoits of the Chambal region such as Paan Singh Tomar, Phoolan Devi, etc.
Geography
Morena is located in the northernmost part of Madhya Pradesh. It is bordered by Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh to the north, Bhind and Gwalior districts to the southeast and Sheopur district to the south. The district lies in the Chambal region - a place with many ravines. The Chambal river forms the northern boundary of the district and there are many ravines near its banks. In the far southwest can be found hills.
Divisions
Morena district comprises four sub-divisions: Morena, Ambah, Joura and Sabalgarh. Morena sub-division comprises a lone tehsil and a lone block: Morena. Ambah sub-division comprises two tehsils and blocks: Ambah and Porsa. Joura sub-division comprises Joura tehsil, which is further divided into two blocks: Joura and Pahargarh. Sabalgarh sub-division has two tehsils and blocks: Sabalgarh and Kailaras. Significant towns of this district are: Morena, Bamor, Ambah, Porsa, Joura, Sabalgarh, Kailaras and Jhundpura.
The district has six Vidhan Sabha constituencies: Sabalgarh, Joura, Sumawali, Morena, Dimani and Ambah. All of these are part of Morena Lok Sabha constituency. The nearest public airport is Gwalior Airport.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, Morena District has a population of 1,965,970, roughly equal to the nation of Lesotho or the US state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 236th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 23.38%.
Morena has a sex ratio of 839 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 72.07%. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes make up 21.44% and 0.87% of the population respectively.
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 99.87% of the population in the district spoke Hindi as their first language. The dialect of the region is Bundeli.
Religion
Hinduism is the majority religion in the district, followed by more than 95% of the total population and the district has many significant Hindu temples. Islam is the second most followed religion, with 3.9% of the population with Jainism and Buddhism making up small minorities. There is also a small minority of Christians and Sikhs in the region.
Notable residents
Ram Prasad Bismil: Indian revolutionary, from the village of Barbai
Paan Singh Tomar, first an athlete in Bhidosa (Morena), seven times national champion in steeplechase, who represented India in Asian Games held in Japan, who later turned into an outlaw/ dacoit.
Narendra Singh Tomar: Minister of Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Minister of Rural Development and Minister of Food Processing Industries in the Second Modi ministry
Ashok Argal: Mayor of Morena Municipal Corporation
Collector: B. Karthikeyan IAS
SP: Lalit Shakyawar IPS
References
External links
Morena District web site
Morena Zila Panchayat
Districts of Madhya Pradesh
The Philadelphia Wings are a lacrosse team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 21st in franchise history. 2007 saw the Wings finish with a 6-10 record and out of the playoffs for a fifth straight year.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
Philadelphia
Philly
Marcel Czermak (4 October 1941 – 3 June 2021) was a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst.
Biography
For many years, Czermak was director of the Centre psychiatrique d'orientation et d'accueil at the Sainte-Anne Hospital Center. They often participated in the presentations of Jacques Lacan. They were a founding member of the Association freudienne, which became the . They were also the founder of the École psychanalytique de Sainte-Anne and wrote numerous books and studies. They served as co-editor-in-chief of the Journal français de psychiatrie. In 1987, they published an article in Le Monde diplomatique contesting "the general reference to science whose 'discourse' seems to be authoritative for all", particularly for politicians.
Marcel Czermak died on 3 June 2021 at the age of 79.
Publications
Passions de l'objet : études psychanalytiques des psychoses (1986)
Patronymies : considérations cliniques sur les psychoses (1998)
Faut-il juger et punir les malades mentaux criminels? (2000)
Délire des négations (2001)
Les jardins de l'asile (2008)
La navigation astronomique (2011)
Chemins traversiers II (2015)
Passage à l'acte et acting out (2019)
References
1941 births
2021 deaths
French psychiatrists
French psychoanalysts
Luis Silveira (born 27 June 1973) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
"Break Up Song" is a song by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on March 27, 2020, and serves as the lead single from the group's sixth studio album Confetti (2020). The group co wrote the song a year before it was chosen as the album's lead single with Frank Nobel and producers Kamille and Goldfingers. Break Up Song received positive reviews from critics who described it as a synth-pop track with influences of 1980s pop music. The song addresses themes of heartbreak, and independence with lyrics about over-coming an ex and celebrating independence.
Composition
Little Mix members Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinnock and Jade Thirlwall wrote "Break Up Song" with Frank Nobel, and producers Kamille and Goldfingers. According to Thirlwall, they wrote the song more than a year prior to its release with 1980s pop music and an element of nostalgia in mind, similar to that of their 2015 single "Black Magic". Edwards, Pinnock and Thirlwall composed it during a whirl of creativity where they wrote seven songs with Kamille in one day, after having only one melody from a frustrating previous session. The track's 1980s sound stemmed from a synthesiser they dabbled with in the studio.
A different song was initially chosen as their sixth album's lead single with an accompanying music video already filmed. However, the group opted for "Break Up Song" at the last minute after hearing the demo again during a playback session. The demo had only one verse and main line. Edwards described it as "very basic at the time. The beat was all over the place and it was really, really rough - but it just had something about it." Thirlwall recalled, "We got that jittery feeling that we had with "Shout Out to My Ex" and "Black Magic" where it just felt special."
Thirlwall described the track as "a very feel-good kind of empowerment song about going out and just forgetting about all your woes and troubles". It was also called an "80s-synth pop anthem" about "getting over the end of a relationship".
Critical reception
Glenn Rowley from Billboard described the song as an "80s-inspired anthem that see the members celebrate their independence after ditching the deadbeat men in their lives... the foursome sing over danceable pop production on the track's pulsating chorus." Lewis Corner from Gay Times, wrote "The group are back with an 80s-tinged pop anthem that'll swoop you out of your isolation blues. Break Up Song is a whopper of a return, pairing love-lorn lyrics with sky-soaring synths."
Attitude said "After teasing the start of a new musical era, Little Mix are back today with retro-tinged, synth-slick track 'Break Up Song' – and it's making us reach for the legwarmers. As the name implies, it's a track about relationships that didn't last, and the aftermath that comes with them." MTV wrote "Little Mix officially launched a new era on Friday with the shimmering, shake-him-off anthem 'Break Up Song.' It's a high-gloss single that fuses the perkiness of 'Black Magic' and the blissful liberation of 'Shout Out To My Ex'." I-News said "Break Up Song is an 80s electro-pop opener that encapsulates the jubilant energy found throughout".
Year-end lists
Promotion
A Little Mix-themed filter on Instagram was made available to the group's followers to promote the track. The song was released on 27 March 2020 and on the same day a Spotify vertical video and a lyric video were both released. The latter was made by Kayleigh, a fan of the band from the Netherlands.
Music video
Little Mix announced the official music video for the song on 7 May 2020 on their social media, and it was released a day later at 9am BST. The music video, directed by Zac Ella, was semi-animated, as the planned video shoot for the song had to be cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The group filmed portions of the video at home using the original concept. The animation of the video displayed felt fabric texture to depict the band. In the video, the animated part was focused on the group hosting a Good Morning Britain-style breakfast show on a television channel called LM TV. Leigh- Anne Pinnock is presented as a news reporter, while Jesy Nelson presents the weather forecast. Perrie Edwards is presented as a fitness mentor, while Jade Thirlwall tackles the latest fashion, with each of them having their own segment in their respective verses of the song. The video also includes real-life clips of the band dancing to the song while dressed in different styles of 80's clothing.
Live performances
On 21 August 2020, Little Mix performed "Break Up Song" for the first time as part of the set list for their Little Mix Uncancelled concert. The song was later performed on the eighteenth series of Strictly Come Dancing in December 2020, with member Jesy Nelson absent from the performance. The song was also performed on their seventh concert tour The Confetti Tour in 2022.
Track listing
Digital download and streaming
"Break Up Song" – 3:20
Digital download and streaming – acoustic
"Break Up Song" – 3:22
Digital download and streaming – Nathan Dawe remix
"Break Up Song" – 3:21
Digital download and streaming – Steve Void remix
"Break Up Song" – 2:57
Streaming – Break Up Song – EP
"Break Up Song" – 3:20
"Break Up Song" – 3:22
"Break Up Song" – 3:21
"Break Up Song" – 2:57
Personnel
Credits adapted from Qobuz.
Jesy Nelson – vocals
Leigh-Anne Pinnock – vocals, songwriting
Jade Thirlwall – vocals, songwriting
Perrie Edwards – vocals, songwriting
Kamille – production, keyboards, vocal production, bass, background vocals
Goldfingers – production, drums, keyboards, programming
Raphaella Mazaheri-Asadi – vocal production
Frank Nobel – drums, keyboards, programming
Phil Tan – mixing
Paul Norris – engineering
Bill Zimmerman – engineering assistance
Randy Merrill – mastering
Commercial performance
"Break Up Song" reached the top ten of the Australian, Euro and Switzerland Digital Sales Charts. It reached the top ten of the charts in Belgium, Hungary, New Zealand, Netherlands and the UK, becoming the Little Mix's fifteenth top ten single in the country. It also reached the markets in six other countries including Ireland, Greece, and Portugal. According to Official Charts, Break Up Song was ranked as one of the best selling songs of 2020, placing at number 33 on their list. It has since been certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) and certified gold by the Pro-Música Brasil (PMB).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of UK top-ten singles in 2020
References
External links
2020 singles
2020 songs
Little Mix songs
Songs about heartache
Songs written by Kamille (musician)
Vertically-oriented music videos
South Yuba may refer to:
South Yuba, California, in Yuba County
South Yuba City, California, in Sutter County
South Yuba Canal Office, a California Historical Landmark
South Yuba River in California
See also
South Yuba River State Park
Yuba (disambiguation)
The second season of the black comedy slasher television series Scream Queens aired on Fox. Fox renewed the series for a second season on January 15, 2016. It premiered on September 20, 2016 and concluded on December 20, 2016. The season consists of 10 episodes.
Emma Roberts, Abigail Breslin, Billie Lourd, Lea Michele, Keke Palmer, Niecy Nash, Glen Powell, Oliver Hudson and Jamie Lee Curtis reprise their roles from the previous season. John Stamos, Taylor Lautner, James Earl and Kirstie Alley were added to the main cast. Unlike the first season, which took place in a sorority house, the second season takes place in a hospital.
On May 15, 2017, Fox announced the cancellation of the series, making this the final season of the show until Ryan Murphy announced that a third season had begun production in May 2020.
Plot
After the events at Wallace University, Dean Cathy Munsch becomes a global icon and purchases the C.U.R.E. Institute in order to reform America's health care system and to cure incurable diseases. Hester confesses their crimes, leading to the Chanels' release from prison. However, the Chanels remain hated in the nation. Cathy then casts two doctors — Dr. Cassidy Cascade and Dr. Brock Holt — to fulfill the mission of the hospital, and installs Zayday Williams and the Chanels as medical students. Meanwhile, flashbacks to 1985 show the hospital's dark past, as a new serial killer surfaces: the Green Meanie.
Cast and characters
Main
Emma Roberts as Chanel Oberlin
Kirstie Alley as Nurse Ingrid Hoffel
Taylor Lautner as Dr. Cassidy Cascade
Lea Michele as Hester Ulrich / Chanel #6
Abigail Breslin as Libby Putney / Chanel #5
Keke Palmer as Zayday Williams
Billie Lourd as Sadie Swenson / Chanel #3
James Earl as Chamberlain Jackson
John Stamos as Dr. Brock Holt
Jamie Lee Curtis as Dr. Cathy Munsch
Special guest stars
Niecy Nash as Denise Hemphill
Colton Haynes as Tyler
Brooke Shields as Dr. Scarlett Lovin
Recurring
Glen Powell as Chad Radwell
Oliver Hudson as Weston "Wes" Gardner
Trilby Glover as Jane Hollis
Jerry O'Connell as Dr. Mike
Laura Bell Bundy as Nurse Thomas
Andy Erikson as Marguerite Honeywell / Chanel #7
Riley McKenna Weinstein as Daria Janssen / Chanel #8
Dahlya Glick as Andrea / Chanel #10
Guest
Jeremy Batiste as Bill Hollis
Cecily Strong as Catherine Hobart
Kevin Bigley as Randal
Brian Baumgartner as Richard
Cheri Oteri as Sheila Baumgartner
Alec Mapa as Lynn Johnstone
Ivar Brogger as Mitch Mitchum
Mary Birdsong as Penelope Hotchkiss
Pablo Castelblanco as Tristan St. Pierre / Chanel Pour Homme
Moira O'Neill as Addison / Chanel #9
Cathy Marks as Midge / Chanel #11
Amy Okuda as Anna Plaisance
Ray Fega as Slade Hornborn
Bill Oberst Jr. as Clark
Episodes
Casting
In June 2016, John Stamos, Taylor Lautner and James Earl joined the cast of the series, portraying doctors and an employee at the hospital, respectively.
In July 2016, Colton Haynes and Cecily Strong were announced to guest star in the season. That same month, Jerry O'Connell and Laura Bell Bundy were announced to have recurring roles. In August 2016, it was announced Cheri Oteri would also guest star. In September 2016, Kirstie Alley was cast in the series. In November 2016, Brooke Shields was announced to guest star in the series.
Reception
Critical response
The second season of Scream Queens has received positive reviews, with critics labelling it a big improvement over the previous season. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported an 83% approval rating with an average rating of 7.12/10 based on 6 reviews.
Ratings
References
External links
2016 American television seasons
Season 2
The Dej ghetto was one of the Nazi-era ghettos for European Jews during World War II. It was located in the city of Dej () in Cluj County, Transylvania, now part of Romania but administered as part of Szolnok-Doboka County by the Kingdom of Hungary from the 1940 Second Vienna Award's grant of Northern Transylvania until late 1944. The ghetto was active in the spring of 1944, following Operation Margarethe.
History
The ghetto included most of the Jews from Szolnok-Doboka, corresponding to the pre-war Someș County. Prefect Béla Bethlen was the county's administrative chief, and at the ghettoization planning conference in Satu Mare on April 26, attended by Adolf Eichmann's assistant László Endre, local representatives included: János Schilling, assistant to the prefect; Jenő Veress, mayor of Dej; Lajos Tamási, mayor of Gherla; Gyula Sárosi, chief of police in Dej; Ernő Berecki, their counterpart in Gherla; and Pál Antalffy, commander of the county's gendarmerie. On April 30, in a special meeting called and chaired by Schilling, the goals and decisions of this conference were imparted to the heads of the county's civil service, gendarmerie and police.
As elsewhere, the ghettoization process started on May 3, led by Antalffy. The ghetto was among the region's most wretched, being located in the Bungur forest some 3 km from the city center, at the insistence of virulently anti-Semitic local officials. At its peak, there were 7,800 inhabitants, including the 3,700 Jews from Dej. The remainder came from the county's rural communities, with many of them initially assembled in the district seats of Beclean, Chiochiș, Dej, Gherla, Ileanda and Lăpuș. The most fortunate ghetto residents sheltered in improvised barracks, while the rest either made their own tents or stayed under the open sky. Prior to being taken to Bungur, the city's Jews were taken to three areas in the city center, where they were searched bodily for valuables.
Surrounded by barbed wire, the ghetto was guarded by local police, who were aided by a special unit of forty gendarmes brought from Zalău. The camp commanders were József Gecse and Emil Takács; they prevented the non-Jews from Dej and nearby areas from bringing food to the detainees. Internal administration was managed by a Judenrat composed of respected leaders of the local community. Lázár Albert was its president, and other members included Ferenc Ordentlich, Samu Weinberger, Manó Weinberger and Andor Agai. Dr. Oszkár Engelberg provided medical care, while Zoltán Singer was the economic representative in charge of provisions.
Sanitary conditions were lamentable, likewise basic services and provisions. This situation was largely due to ill will from Mayor Veress and the city's chief doctor, Zsigmond Lehnár. The teams that searched for valuables were as cruel as elsewhere. Among the searchers were József Fekete, József Gecse, Mária Fekete, Jenő Takács, József Lakadár and the police officers Albert (Béla) Garamvölgyi, János Somorlyai, János Kassai and Miklós Désaknai. Due to the poor conditions in which the Jews were held in the Dej ghetto, 25 people died and many became seriously ill.
The ghetto was liquidated in three transports: 28 May (3,150), 6 June (3,160) and 8 June (1,364), with a total of 7,674 Jews sent to the Auschwitz concentration camp. A few Jews managed to escape, including Rabbi József Paneth of Ileanda, who, together with nine family members, reached safety in Romania.
References
External links
Jewish Romanian history
Jewish Hungarian history
Dej
Jewish ghettos in Nazi-occupied Hungary
1944 establishments in Hungary
Gene Relationships Across Implicated Loci (GRAIL) is a free web application developed by Soumya Raychaudhuri at the Broad Institute with the goal of determining the relationships among genes in different disease associated loci through statistical analysis.
Mode of operation
When single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) are identified through a genome-wide association study (GWAS) as being possibly linked to a human disease, GRAIL works by comparing those with SNPs already identified in the scientific literature as being tied to the disease (using a text-mining algorithm going through PubMed abstracts), and determines the degree of functional connectivity among the associated genes. SNPs identified with this method have been shown to be replicated in independent sets at a much higher probability than randomly selected ones. GRAIL has also demonstrated better performance than other published algorithms.
However, the software is still in its Beta phase, and has shown varied levels of success depending on the phenotype in question.
References
Genetics software
Science software
Helen Alice Jane Brotherton, CBE BEM (9 February 1914 – 6 August 2009) was an English conservationist. They were founder of the Dorset Wildlife Trust.
Early life and education
Helen Brotherton was born at Harscott in Lincolnshire, and raised at Leamington Spa, the daughter of Eric and Helen Jakeman Brotherton. They trained as a teacher at Roehampton.
Career
Them first teaching job was at Norwich High School for Girls. During World War II, they joined the Women's Voluntary Service, and eventually ran the Sick Bays in Warwickshire, for which they received the British Empire Medal in 1943. They moved to Poole, Dorset, after the war, to care for their aging mother. An avid birdwatcher, they volunteered with the Dorset Field Ornithology Group, and through that group came to know the specific environmental issues in Dorset. They sailed their own boat to Brownsea Island for explorations, against the ban on public access, issued and enforced by the island's reclusive owner, Mary Bonham-Christie. In the early 1960s, after Bonham-Christie's death, Brotherton organized a group to oppose development on Brownsea Island, because the planned development would threaten a wading birds habitat. Because of their group's efforts, the National Trust took ownership of Brownsea, and the group developed into the Dorset Wildlife Trust. Helen Brotherton was the Trust's first and longtime secretary. In 1963, they were appointed an OBE for their environmental work.
Brotherton worked with the coastal protection project "Operation Neptune" as the National Trust's regional representative in Wessex. In 1984, they were appointed a CBE for this activism. They founded the Portland Bird Observatory, was a trustee of the Chesil and Fleet Trust. In 1992, they received the Christopher Cadbury medal from the Royal Society of Wildlife Trusts, and in 2007 they won the Octavia Hill medal for their lifetime achievements in environmental conservation.
Personal life and legacy
As a side interest, Helen Brotherton contributed funds to the Salisbury Diocesan Guild of Ringers, to purchase bells in memory of their brother, Roderic Brotherton, who died in World War II.
Helen Brotherton died in 2009, aged 95 years, at Poole Hospital. At the time of their death, the Dorset Wildlife Trust had over 25,000 members.
The Dorset Wildlife Trust presents a Helen Brotherton Award for Volunteering, begun in 2008 and named in their honor. In 2013, the Bishop of Salisbury dedicated a memorial to Helen Brotherton, in St. Mary's Church on Brownsea Island.
References
1914 births
2009 deaths
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
English conservationists
People from Lincolnshire
Recipients of the British Empire Medal
People from Leamington Spa
Diego Wong (born 19 August 1977) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Carsten Thomassen (15 May 1969 – 14 January 2008) was a Norwegian journalist, political commentator and war correspondent for the Norwegian daily newspaper Dagbladet. They had earlier covered the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake from Thailand and Indonesia. They were killed in the 2008 Kabul Serena Hotel attack in Kabul, Afghanistan.
Circumstances of their death
On 14 January 2008, Thomassen was covering Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's visit to Kabul. Støre and their entourage were staying in the Serena Hotel, as were several foreign reporters and diplomats. While Thomassen was waiting to meet Støre in the lobby, at least two Talibani militants forced their way into the Serena Hotel by killing the guards posted outside the main entrance using hand grenades. At least one of the militants was dressed in an Afghan police uniform, which may have delayed the reaction of the PST bodyguards inside the hotel.
Thomassen was wounded in the arm, leg and stomach. Once the firing died down, they received first aid from VG photographer Harald Henden, Aftenposten reporter Tor Arne Andreassen, and other unnamed reporters from Verdens Gang and TV2. In the confusion following the attack, they were not evacuated until almost two hours after the attack. They went into shock in the ambulance, and died shortly after while undergoing surgery at a nearby field hospital operated by Czech ISAF forces. Due to the nature of their injuries, it is doubtful that they would have survived even if they had been evacuated earlier.
At least six other people were killed in the attack, in addition to the militants themselves.
Reaction in Norway and abroad
In the wake of the attack, Støre's visit was cut short, and all remaining Norwegian reporters were evacuated, first to the Norwegian encampment outside Kabul, and later back to Norway by military transport.
Many Norwegians, and particularly members of the press, reacted to the news of Thomassen's death with great sorrow. Dagbladet set up a web page to allow members of the public to express their condolences. As of 16 January 2008, more than 4,500 personal messages had been submitted.
Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg knew Thomassen personally, and was informed of their death while on their way to a previously planned television debate on Norway's involvement in Afghanistan. They withdrew from the debate and immediately issued a statement, calling the militants act an attack not only against Norway but also against freedom of speech. The next day, they devoted the first fifteen minutes of a previously planned lecture on environmental issues at Oslo Katedralskole (of which both Thomassen and Stoltenberg were alumni, though ten years apart) to the death of their friend. Foreign Minister Støre commented on the death of Thomassen, saying: “Carsten was unique among Norwegian journalists. They combined solid journalistic work with integrity and great knowledge. They have followed me on many journeys and they were until the end dedicated to their work as a journalist.”
The International Press Institute strongly condemned the attack. According to the IPI's Death Watch, Thomassen was the second journalist to be killed in action in 2008.
Controversy in Norway
Thomassen's death triggered controversy in Norway when it became known that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs had ignored recommendations from PST and Norwegian military intelligence regarding the security arrangements for Støre's visit. One particularly controversial decision, which may have contributed to the Taliban's choice of target, was to publish Støre's itinerary, including the name of the hotel where they would be staying, in advance of the trip. Furthermore, while it is standard operating procedure for the Norwegian ISAF forces to escort any Norwegian delegation in Afghanistan with a protection detail including a medevac APC, the Foreign Ministry had declined such an escort. Subsequent to the attack, sources within the Norwegian armed forces expressed dismay at the Norwegian Foreign Ministry's lack of proper contingency plans for medical evacuation.
Posthumous honours
In October 2008, during their first visit to Afghanistan following the Serene attack, Foreign Minister Støre attended a ceremony at the Norwegian embassy where the Afghan education minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar unveiled the drawings for the Carsten Thomassen Library at the National Institute for Administration and Management, an elite institution to train future Afghan leaders, which will be built chiefly with the help of Norwegian funding. The Afghan minister said that Thomassen was a great journalist, and the Norwegian minister emphasized that naming the library in this way was a tribute to critical journalism and to education.
See also
List of journalists killed during the War in Afghanistan (2001–present)
References
1969 births
2008 deaths
Deaths by firearm in Afghanistan
Norwegian war correspondents
Journalists killed while covering the War in Afghanistan (2001–2021)
People murdered in Afghanistan
Norwegian people murdered abroad
Place of birth missing
Mass murder victims
20th-century Norwegian journalists
Mykhailo Mykhailovych Kotsiubynsky (), (September 17, 1864 – April 25, 1913) was a Ukrainian author whose writings described typical Ukrainian life at the start of the 20th century. Kotsiubynsky's early stories were described as examples of ethnographic realism; in the years to come, with their style of writing becoming more and more sophisticated, they evolved into one of the most talented Ukrainian impressionist and modernist writers. The popularity of their novels later led to some of them being made into Soviet movies.
Life
They grew up in Bar, Vinnytsia region and several other towns and villages in Podolia, where their father worked as a civil servant. They attended the Sharhorod Religious Boarding School from 1876 until 1880. They continued their studies at the Kamianets-Podilskyi Theological Seminary, but in 1882 they were expelled from the school for their political activities within the socialist movement. Already they had been influenced by the awakening Ukrainian national idea. Their first attempts at writing prose in 1884 were also written in the Ukrainian language: Andriy Soloviyko(Ukrainian: Андрій Соловійко).
Early work and research
From 1888 to 1890, they were a member of the Vinnytsia Municipal Duma. In 1890, they visited Galicia, where they met several other Ukrainian cultural figures including Ivan Franko and Volodymyr Hnatiuk. It was there in Lviv that their first story Nasha Khatka (Ukrainian: Наша хатка) was published.
During this period, they worked as a private tutor in and near Vinnytsia. There, they could study life in traditional Ukrainian villages, which was something they often came back to in their stories including the 1891 Na Viru (Ukrainian: На віру) and the 1901 Dorohoiu tsinoiu (Ukrainian: Дорогою ціною).
During large parts of the years 1892 to 1897, they worked for a commission studying the grape pest phylloxera in Bessarabia and Crimea. During the same period, they were a member of the secret Brotherhood of Taras.
They moved to Chernihiv in 1898 where they worked as a statistician at the statistics bureau of the Chernihiv zemstvo. They also are active in the Chernigov Governorate Scholarly Archival Commission and headed the Chernihiv Prosvita society from 1906 to 1908.
Writings
After the Russian Revolution of 1905, Kotsiubynsky could be more openly critical of the Russian tsarist regime, which can be seen in Vin ide (Ukrainian: Він іде) and Smikh (Ukrainian: Сміх), both from 1906, and Persona grata from 1907.
Fata Morgana, in two parts from 1904 and 1910, is probably their best-known work. Here they describe the typical social conflicts in the life of the Ukrainian village.
About twenty novels were published during Kotsiubynsky's life. Several of them have been translated into other European languages.
English translations
English translations of Mykhaylo Kotsyubynsky's works include:
Short stories, “On the Road” and “The Unknown One” (Tr. from Ukrainian by Roma Franko.);
"Fata Morgana" (Tr. from Ukrainian by Arthur Bernhard.).
Interesting facts
They were called the Sun Worshiper and the Sunflower, because above all they loved the sun, flowers and children. They served as an ordinary clerk in the statistical department of the Chernihiv administration, went to work with an essential flower in a boutonniere.
They knew nine languages - three Slavic: Ukrainian, Russian, Polish; three Romance: French, Italian, Romanian; and three eastern ones: Tatar, Turkish and Romani.
Mykhailo Kotsyubynsky never received an official higher education (he graduated from the Shargorod Theological Seminary, and the university remained a dream).
Mikhail's literary career began with a complete failure. In 1884 they wrote the short story "Andriy Solovko, or The Doctrine of the World and the Ignorance of Darkness." This first attempt by the young author was very skeptical. After that, they did not make new attempts for several years.
It was their work that for the first time in Ukrainian literature included Impressionism, deep psychology, elements of expressionism, neorealism and others.
Kotsyubynsky, an impressionist and a remarkable representative of psychologism, was also greatly influenced by Nechuy-Levytsky, Panas Mirnyi, Guy de Maupassant, Chekhov, Swedish writers, and a number of other notable writers.
Kotsyubynsky was arrested in 1882 for their connection with the national liberation movement, and after their release the police established secret surveillance over him. Their apartment was searched several times.
Kotsyubynsky traveled a lot. They often visited Italy on the island of Capri.
1970 at the film studio. Dovzhenko made a feature biographical film "The Kotsyubynsky Family".
At the age of 12, young Mikhail fell in love with a 16-year-old girl, and in order to attract their attention, they decided to become a "great man", and for this they began to read books with special zeal. Thus, under the great influence of the work of T. Shevchenko and M. Vovchok, they have a desire to become a writer.
Death
Because of a heart disease, Kotsiubynsky spent long periods at different health resorts on Capri from 1909 to 1911. During the same period, they visited Greece and the Carpathians. In 1911 they were granted a pension from the Society of Friends of Ukrainian Scholarship, Literature, and Art that enabled them to quit their job and solely concentrate on their writings, but they were already in poor health and died only two years later.
Honors
During the Soviet period, Kotsiubynsky was honoured as a realist and a revolutionary democrat. A literary-memorial museum was opened in Vinnytsia in 1927 in the house where they were born. Later a memorial was created nearby the museum.
The house in Chernihiv where they lived for the last 15 years of their life was turned into a museum in 1934; the Chernihiv Regional Literary-. The house contains the author's personal belongings. Adjacent to the house is a museum, which opened in 1983, containing Kotsiubinsky's manuscripts, photos, magazines and family relics as well as information about other Ukrainian writers.
Several Soviet movies have been based on Kotsiubynsky's novels such as Koni ne vynni (1956), Dorohoiu tsunoiu (1957) and Tini zabutykh predkiv (1967).
Family
In January 1896, they married Vira Ustymivna Kotsiubynska (Deisha) (1863–1921).
One of their sons, Yuriy Mykhailovych Kotsiubynsky (1896–1937), was the Bolshevik and the Red Army commander during the 1917–1921 Civil War. Later, they held several high positions within the Communist Party of Ukraine, but in 1935, they were expelled from the party. In October 1936, they were accused of having counter-revolutionary contacts and together with other Bolsheviks have organized a Ukrainian Trotskyist Centre. The year after, they were sentenced to death and executed. They were rehabilitated in 1955. Yuri had a son Oleh.
Their daughter Oksana Kotsyubynska was married to Vitaliy Primakov.
The fate of their other children Roman and Iryna is less known.
Their niece, Mykhailyna Khomivna Kotsiubynska (1931–2011), was the Ukrainian philologist and literary specialist. They were an honorary doctor of the Kyiv Mohyla Academy.
Further reading
Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky Shadow of Ukrainian History
Michailo Kotsiubinskij: Berättelser från Ukraina. Bokförlagsaktiebolaget Svithiod, Stockholm 1918.
Ukraine. A Concise Encyclopædia, vol 1, p. 1032–1033. University of Toronto Press 1963.
100 znamenytykh liudey Ukraïny, s.204–208. Folio, Kharkiv 2005. .
Encyclopedia of Ukraine
Ihor Siundiukov: The socio-esthetic ideal through the eyes of Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky. Den 2002, # 38.
Volodymyr Panchenko: “I am better off alone”. Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky's correspondence with their wife. Den 2005, # 40, 41.
References
External links
1864 births
1913 deaths
People from Vinnytsia
People from Vinnitsky Uyezd
Ukrainian novelists
Ukrainian male short story writers
Ukrainian short story writers
Mykhailo
Prosvita
People from Bar, Ukraine
Pee or PEE may refer to:
Slang for Urine
Slang for Urination
P, the 16th letter of the English alphabet
Peeblesshire, historic county in Scotland, Chapman code
Penny or pence
Pochonbo Electronic Ensemble, a North Korean electronica group
"Pee" (South Park), an episode of South Park
Perm International Airport, or Bolshoye Savino Airport, IATA code PEE
See also
Peepee (disambiguation)
Diesbach-Betschwanden railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Süd in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It takes its name from the nearby villages of Diesbach and Betschwanden. The station is situated on the Weesen to Linthal railway line, and served by the hourly Zürich S-Bahn service S25 between Zurich and Linthal.
References
Railway stations in the canton of Glarus
Swiss Federal Railways stations
Amanda Cordelia Bryant-Friedrich is the Dean of the Graduate School and a professor in the College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences at Wayne State University. They were awarded the 2014 American Chemical Society Stanley C. Israel Regional Award for Advancing Diversity in the Chemical Sciences and is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Chemical Society. Them research considers modified nucleic acids and biomarkers of disease.
Early life and education
Byrant-Friedrich was born in Enfield, North Carolina.  They are the daughter of a farmer and, alongside their education in the Halifax County School system, worked on the family farm. They graduated from high school as the Valedictorian, and decided to attend university. Whilst they were offered a full academic scholarship at Duke University, they were encouraged by their guidance counsellor to attend North Carolina Central University. They eventually earned their bachelor's degree in chemistry at North Carolina Central University, where they worked in the laboratory of John Meyers. They became increasingly interested in scientific research and spent a summer holiday as an intern at Dow Chemical Company. They eventually graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor's degree in chemistry. They moved to Duke University for their graduate studies, and spent two years trying to prove to the department that they would be able to complete a PhD. They eventually earned a master's degree in the Department of Chemistry and began their doctoral research with Richard Polniaszek. Six months after starting, Polniaszek left the university, leaving Byrant-Friedrich to find a new project. In 1993, after several weeks of German lessons, Byrant-Friedrich moved to Heidelberg University for their doctoral research. They worked on organic chemistry under the supervision of Richard Neidlein and completed their PhD in 1997. Them doctoral research involved the synthesis of complex aromatic compounds.
Research and career
In 1997 Byrant-Friedrich joined the research laboratory of Bernd Giese at the University of Basel as a postdoctoral fellow. Here they became interested in the use of organic chemistry as a means to study biological mechanisms. After spending two years in Switzerland, Byrant-Friedrich moved back to the United States. They enjoyed their time in Europe, and has said that whilst in Germany and Switzerland they experienced less racial bias than they did during their time in America. On returning to the States Bryant-Friedrich first worked at Wayne State University, but when it became obvious that they would not be awarded a tenure-track position, they looked for other options.
Byrant-Friedrich joined Oakland University as an Assistant Professor in 2000. They were awarded an National Science Foundation CAREER Award in 2003, which allowed them to study the chemical processes that damage DNA and RNA. They moved to the University of Toledo in 2007.
They study the mechanisms by which small molecules interact with nucleic acid. Them research involves the synthesis of modified nucleosides and nucleotides, monitoring the intercalation of small aromatic systems into DNA via the design of novel chromophores and the creation of probes that contain nucleic acids to study events that occur around DNA. They have studied the protection of small nuclear RNA (snRNAs) from oxidative damage, which typically damages cells. As snRNA is essential for the function of spliceosome, this type of damage can impact the structure and function of the spliceosome.
Academic service
In 2016 it was announced that Byrant-Friedrich would become the Dean of the College of Graduate Studies at the University of Toledo. They hold various honorary positions, including commissioner for the Lake Erie Commission. They have simultaneously held leadership roles in the American Chemical Society Division of Toxicology and Medicinal Chemistry. Alongside their research and administrative duties, Byrant-Friedrich works to support women and minority scientists.
In 2020, Bryant-Friedrich was named the Dean of the Graduate School at Wayne State University. Additionally, they were hired to teach at Wayne State's College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences, where they would run a laboratory to conduct research.
Awards and honours
I awards and honours include:
2015 University of Toledo University Women's Commission
2018 Elected a Fellow of the American Chemical Society
2019 Girl Scouts of Western Ohio Women of Distinction
2019 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
2020 YWCA Northwest Ohio Milestone Award for science
Personal life
Byrant-Friedrich was profiled in  They are married to Klaus Freidrich with whom they have two children.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
African-American women academics
African-American academics
Women chemists
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellows of the American Chemical Society
University of Toledo faculty
People from Enfield, North Carolina
North Carolina State University alumni
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
East Chicago is a train station at 5615 Indianapolis Boulevard in East Chicago, Indiana. It serves the South Shore Line commuter rail line from Chicago, Illinois to South Bend, Indiana.
History
The station was built in 1956 as part of a South Shore Line project that removed a street running section on Chicago Avenue and placed the line on an elevated roadbed parallel to the Indiana Toll Road in order to improve speed and mitigate traffic issues. Prior to that, South Shore Line trains stopped in downtown East Chicago. In 2004 the station was remodeled with high level platforms to assist passengers with disabilities, and to decrease station dwell times.
Facilities
East Chicago consists of a single high-level island platform situated between two gauntlet tracks which permit the passage of freight trains. The northern track provides service to Chicago while the southern track services Michigan City and South Bend. At this location the South Shore Line is situated on an embankment and the platform traverses Indianapolis Boulevard. The station building is located east of Indianapolis Boulevard at ground level. The station is equipped with ticket vending machines; staffed service ended in 2017. Adjacent to the station is a parking lot with capacity for 1,200 cars.
NICTD approved a $4.4 million construction project in March 2019 to increase passenger access at East Chicago.
Bus connections
East Chicago Transit
Route 1
Route 2
Route 4
'''GPTC
Route Route R1: Lakeshore Connection
References
External links
South Shore Line - Stations
South Shore Line stations in Indiana
Railway stations in Lake County, Indiana
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1956
East Chicago, Indiana
1956 establishments in Indiana
Spectrum Sports was a regional sports network owned by Charter Communications that served North and South Carolina. It was formerly known as Time Warner Cable SportsChannel and was rebranded after Charter's acquisition of Time Warner Cable in May 2016. The network had one feed serving Eastern North Carolina, Western North Carolina, and the Columbia/Myrtle Beach area of South Carolina. The network featured non-gameday programming from the Carolina Panthers, local high school sports, and college sports. The channel was led by General Manager Jason Lockhart.
In 2017, in an effort to reduce duplicity, Charter Communications closed down the Spectrum Sports outlets that shared markets with Spectrum News and merged them with their news counterparts. Spectrum Sports Carolinas' remaining programming was merged into Spectrum News North Carolina.
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2017
Defunct local cable stations in the United States
Defunct mass media in North Carolina
Defunct mass media in South Carolina
The following is the partial filmography of Sukumari, an Indian actor who began their career at the age of 10 with a minor role in the Tamil film Or Iravu in 1951. In a career spanning more than six decades, had acted in more than 2500 feature films in various Indian languages, including Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi, Telugu, Kannada, Sinhala, Oriya, English and Bengali.
They started their dance career in 1946. As a singer, they have also performed imany concerts.  They are also known for their stage career in their early days and performed thousands of shows with various theatre groups. They were an active presence in movies, TV serials, albums, advertisements, dramas, television shows, stage shows, public programmes, special functions, and cultural events for more than 65 years.
Malayalam
2010s
2000s
1990s
1980s
1970s
1960s
1950s
Tamil
Telugu
Kannada
Hindi
English
French
Bengali
Sinhala
Voice Artist/Extra Dubbing Credits
Television serials (Partial list)
Stage plays (selection)
Albums/Videos
Television - Non-fiction
As presenter
Radio show - AIR
As award jury
JC Daniel Award 2012
TV/Online programmes
Interview/Kairali Archive (Kairali TV)
Symphony (Surya TV)
Manorama News Programme
Strikers & Crew
Peggy eggs.com
Webindia123.com - 2009
Indiavision.com
Indianterminal.com
Working video of Four Friends - 2010
Black Butterfly Making Video Official - 2012
Kerala9.com
Siffy.com
Hot & Sour
Stardust
Mango Media
Mixed
Stage shows
Aamchi Mumbai
Alukkas Fairy Tale
Alukkas Millennium Nite
AMMA Stage show 2004
Asianet Film Awards
Asiavision TV Awards
Cinestar Night, Australia
Classical Dance Program at United Nations ECAFE Conference in Bangalore
Dalimond Show
Defense Programme
Drishya Television Award Nite
Face Dubai Mega Show
Goodwin Jewellers Mega Event
Grihalakshmi TV Awards
Kairali Cultural Association Onam Fest
Lux Asianet
Madhavasandhya
Malayalam Television Association Award Night
Mathrubhumi Film Awards
Minnale TV Awards
Mohanlal Show 92
MTVA TV Award Night 2000
Onagosham 2012
Onam Fest 2003, Kairal Cultural Association
Priyapetta Mohanlal
Siddique Lal's Cinegalaxy 94 Thalamurakalude Sangamam
Sreekuttan
Starry Nite 2003, Bangalore
State Level Arts Festival
Suryathejassode Amma
Television and Audio Awards
The Mammootty Stage Festival 96
Vanitha Film Awards
Cultural shows/Special programmes
100th Woman's Day Celebrations (KSWDC)
Aazhchamela
Aakshavani Radio Programmes
AMMA Programmes
Anachamayam
Ancad Sankaranarayamoorthy Temple Programme
ATMA Programmes
Attukal Pongala
Balagokulam's Janmashtami celebrations
Chalakkudi Nagarasabha Christmas Virunnu
Children's Film Fest
Cho's Nadaka Mela
Cinespot Programme
Darppanam Malayalam Short Film Pooja
Devan's Felicitation Function
Eastman Studio Function
FICCI Programme
Friendship Club Onagosham
Gamer (2014 Malayalam Movie)
Garudanageyam
Golden Jubilee Celebration of Kandam Becha Kottu
Go Green, Save Nature
Green Piece
Grihalakshmi Interview
Gurupooja
Guruvayoor Satyagraha Remembrance
Honour to Sivaji Ganesan by AMMA
IFFK (16th)
Indian Magic Academy - Fantasia Award Function
Information and Guidance Sociey, Thiruvathira Celebrations Inauguration
International Peace Film Festival
Ividam Swargamannu Movie Press Conference
Kadakkal Programme
Kala Abudhabi
Kalashreshta Award Function
Kasargod Mahotsavam
Keli Inauguration
Kudumbashree Marketing Division Inauguration
Lionthalon-2013
Maarunna Malayali
Mahamanjalprayude Bhadradeepa Prakashanam
Makara Pongala
Malayalapuzha Inauguration
Mannali Pongala Inauguration
Mathrubhumi Newspaper Programme
Mathrubhumi SEED Programme
Memory Lane Over Lunch
Mohandas College of Engineering & Technology College Day Celebrations
Mohanlal Fans Association First Year Celebrations
Mullapperiyar Dam Discussion
Muthassiyarkavu Pongala
Nandalala Seva Samithi Trust Souvenir release
Nayaru Pidicha Pulivalu Golden Jubilee
NIMS Hospital (Heart to Heart Scheme)
Onakodiyum Oonhalum
"Padmarajan" Book Release Programme
Pazhayakavu Kshethra Utsavam
Platinum Jubilee of Malayalam cinema
Pune Malayali Sangamam
Radio Interviews
Rajagiri PTA Day
Roses The Family Club Anniversary
Sakhi TV Office Programme
Samanwayam
Saraswathi Vidyalayam School Day Annual Event
Shivagiri Theerthadana Mahamaham
Sneha Trust Heart of Love
Special Cookery Programme
Srichithira Thirunnal Birthday Anniversary
Sri Chithra Home Onam Celebrations
Sri Eruthikkavu Pongala Mahotsavam
The Hindu Newspaper Programme
True Indian Function
Veteran's Meet
Ulnadu Temple Programme
Wayanad Mahotsavam
Webdunia Programme
Weekly Round Up (interview)
Women's Day Inauguration (Big Bazar, TVM)
World Diabetes Day Celebrations Inauguration (Little Flower Hospital and Research Centre)
Dubbed Releases
Bhojpuri
Khilladi Ka Challenge
Ponnar Shankar
Hindi
Aaj Ka Kurukshetra
Aakhri Sangram
Aarayan Mera Naam
Aayi Phirse Bahari
Abhimanyu
Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp
Amar Shaheed
Basha: The Boss
Baap Bete
Ben Johnson
ChakravartyVikramaditya
Chandramukhi Devdas
Commando
Daisy
Dangerous Khiladi 3
Deivam
Desh Ka Gaddar
Dharma Yodha
Dharmadhikari
Diamond Necklace
Dumdaar Commissioner
Erra Samrajyam
Friendship
Girafthari
Highway
Hum Nahi Jhukenge
Jaan Pe Khelkar
Jaanbaaz Policewala
Jaanwar Aur Insan
Khooni Insaan
Lava Kusa
Maaya Ka Saaya
Man Ka Aangan
Mera Bheta
Mizhikal Sakshi
Mr. Badmash
Neel Kamal
Pathram
Peoples Dada
Phir Aaya Deewana
Proprietors: Kammath & Kammath
Prashanth Veer
Ramayan
Rough Tough
Rowdy Cheetah
Samba
Satyaghath - Crime Never Pays
Tiger Shiva
Zahreele Saanp
Kannada
Lava Kusa
Yen Hudgiro Yaking Hadthiro
Shakshi
Malayalam
Alai Payuthey
Chila Nerangalil Chila Manushyar
Mounam Samadham
Pammal K Sambandam
Premabhishekham
Randum Randum Anchu
Suryaputhrikal
Vasantha Malika
Yaradi Née Mohini
Marathi
Mazaa Mulga
Odia
Ben Johnson
Tamil
Aranmanai Kadhali
Anbulla Kamal
Arasan
Asoakan
Avala Aaviya
Ben Johnson
Bhagawan
Commissioner Eeswar Pandiyan
Dakshayagnam
Kuttram Thandanai
Love Birds
Madhuchandralekha
Malleswaran
Mangaikku Maangalyame Pradhaanam
Maravathoor Kanavu
Monalisa
Mr. Deva
Murari
Nammvar
Nata
Nigazh Kaalam
Paasa Mozhi
Palaivana Roja
Paraimedu
Patti Vikramathithan
Periya Gounder
Progress Report
Pudhiya Visarana
Puliyattam
Raam Bhaktha Hanuman
Raghavan
Samba
Sambhavam
Seetha Kalyanam
Thalayana Manthram
Thalaiyazuthu Meiyazuthu
Thiruttu Pasangal
Ulagesh
Vaira Malai
Valthu Giren
Vazhthukirean
Vetrimaaran IPS
Viratham
Vizhigal Satchi
Telugu
Aadharsha Saadharalu
Abhiram
Addala Meda
Alavuthinum Arputha Deepam
Ajatha Satruvu
Ankuram
Andhala Raja
Anthuleni Prayanam
Bhagyachakram
Bhayankara Ratri
Brahmachari
CBI Officer
Challenger
Commissioner Rudrama Naidu
Delhi Diary
Devi Bhagavathi
Doravari Satram
English Ammayi
Erra Rajyam
Evidaine Sare
Four Friends
Guru Dakshana
I Love You Teacher
Intini Didina Illalu
Journalist
Kamakshi
Lawyer The Great
Love To Love
Madhuchandralekha
Manushulu Marali
Monica
Nayakudu
New Delhi
Nuvve Naa Srimathi
Paatagadu
Police Hecharika
Pandava Samrajyam
Panjaram
Papa Kosam
Peda Raja
Prathignya
Premaku Padhabhishekam
Premalo Anjali Geetha Krishna
Puli Veta
Rajakota Rahasyam
Rakshakudu
Rangoon Raja
Sahasaveerudu
Sakhi
Sampoorna Ramayanam
Sundarangudu
Swami Ayyappa
Taxi Driver
Tiger Rajani
Veedagni
Veerapandiya Kattabrahmanna
Yoddha
Related shows
Smrithi (Safari TV)
Padamudrakal (ACV)
Democrazy (Reporter TV)
Thalolam (Amrita TV)
Idivettu Thamasha (Surya Comedy)
Cinema Kottaka (Kaumudy TV)
Indraya Naalil (Capital TV)
Puthiya Geethangal (Asianet)
Filmy Fridays (YouTube)
References
Actress filmographies
Indian filmographies
Josiah Augustus "Si" Spaulding (December 21, 1922 – March 27, 1983) was an American business person, attorney, and politician.
Education and military service
Spaulding graduated from the Hotchkiss School and Yale University in 1947, where they were a member of Skull and Bones. They served three years as a pilot for the US Marine Corps during World War II and was discharged as a first lieutenant. They attended Columbia Law School.
Politics
Spaulding served as the chairperson of the Massachusetts Republican Party from 1967 to 1969. They were the Republican nominee for United States Senator in 1970 and Massachusetts Attorney General in 1974. Spaulding was elected to Common Cause's National Governing Board in 1973.
Law
Spaudling was a partner in the Boston law firm of Bingham Dana & Gould.
Business
Spaulding was the longtime chairperson of Beverly Hospital in Beverly, Massachusetts.
Spaulding was one of the founders of the Massachusetts Rehabilitation Hospital. Following their death, the hospital would be renamed the Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital in their honor.
Personal life
Spaulding was married to Helen Bowdoin Spaulding, an activist and philanthropist who served as the president of the New England Aquarium and vice chairperson of the board of trustees of Georgetown University.
They died of a heart attack in 1983 in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Spaulding's son, Josiah Spaulding Jr., is the president and CEO of the Citi Performing Arts Center.
References
1922 births
1983 deaths
Businesspeople from Massachusetts
Massachusetts lawyers
Massachusetts Republican Party chairs
People from Beverly, Massachusetts
Hotchkiss School alumni
Yale University alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
United States Marine Corps pilots of World War II
Massachusetts Republicans
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American businesspeople
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Uchańka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north of Dubienka, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 220.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ludvig Grundtvig (12 May 1836 – 28 November 1901) was a Danish photographer and portrait painter. They based many of their later paintings on their own photographs.
Early life
Born in Nykøbing Falster, Grundtvig studied at the Danish Academy from 1851 to 1857, winning two awards.
Professional career
For a number of years, Grundvig exhibited their portrait paintings at Charlottenborg in Copenhagen. In 1863, they set up a studio as a photographer on Amagertorv in the centre of the city which they maintained until their death in 1901. But they also continued to produce paintings and drawings in their studio, many based on their own photographs. Although they specialized in portraits, they also took landscapes such as the large photograph of the cliffs of Bornholm from 1870 which can be seen in the Royal Library of Denmark.
Titles and exhibitions
In 1867, Grundtvig became a member of the Dansk Fotografisk Forening (Danish Photographers Association). In 1871, they were the judge for photography at the Nordic Industry and Art Exhibition.
They exhibited at Charlottenborg in 1857, 1859, 1861–1864 and 1893.
Sources
This article draws heavily on Ludvig Grundtvig's biography at Kunstindeks Denmark.
See also
Photography in Denmark
References
1836 births
1901 deaths
19th-century Danish photographers
Danish artists
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
People from Guldborgsund Municipality
Constantijn Huygens Jr., Lord of Zuilichem (10 March 1628 – October 1697), was a Dutch statesman and poet, mostly known for their work on scientific instruments (sometimes together with their younger brother Christiaan Huygens). But, they were also a chronicler of their times, revealing the importance of gossip. Additionally, they were an amateur draughtsman of landscapes.
Biography
Constantijn Huygens was the eldest son of Sir Constantijn Huygens, a poet and statesman, and Suzanna van Baerle.
They were taught at home by their father and private tutors. In 1637 their mother died. Around 1640 the family was depicted by Adriaen Hanneman. Along with their younger brother Christiaan Huygens, they began their studies at Leiden university in 1645, studying law. They studied the works of classical authors on history, philosophy, and science, including mathematics from Frans van Schooten.
In 1649–1650 Huygens accompanied Adriaen Pauw to England and toured through Belgium, France, Switzerland and Italy. In 1655 they moved to Paris. They joined the circle around Honoré Fabri. In the Hague they also are visiting the salon, organized by the wife of François Caron. In 1668 they married Susanna Rijckaert (1642–1712), a rich woman from Amsterdam. In April 1676, during their stay in Zemst they were visited by David Teniers the Younger. In 1680 Huygens visited Celle and moved out of their father's house. It is not sure if it had to do with Abraham de Wicquefort or
Sophia Dorothea of Celle. To stop the gossip their father wrote a poem: Cluijs-werck.
When William III of England became stadtholder in 1672, Huygens had been appointed as their secretary. Huygens participated in the campaigns against the French, in the Glorious Revolution, but did not attend the crowning. They described the Battle of the Boyne. During the Nine Years' War, Constantijn left for the Southern Netherlands each spring, returning to London each autumn. Huygens became friends with or wrote about the Groom of the Stole
William Bentinck, Arnold van Keppel, 1st Earl of Albemarle, William Nassau de Zuylestein, Everhard van Weede Dijkvelt, Coenraad van Beuningen and Adrian Beverland. When William Blathwayt surpassed them as secretary, Huygens was frustrated and in 1695 they received permission to return to the Dutch Republic.
Huygens died in October 1697 and was buried on 2 November 1697. With Susanna, they had one son, who died in 1704. They had one daughter from an earlier affair.
Telescopes and optics
Around 1650 when Christiaan Huygens became interested in microscopes and telescopes, Constantijn helped them with the construction of the lenses. In 1655 Christiaan discovered Titan, a moon orbiting Saturn. Between 1683 and 1687 Constantijn and their brother continued to make larger and longer focal length telescope objectives culminating in the very large tubeless aerial telescopes. They presented a 7.5 inch (190mm) diameter 123 ft (37.5 m) focal length aerial telescope objective to the Royal Society in 1690 that still bears their signature.
Diary
From 1673 to 1696, Huygens kept a private diary (now at the Koninklijke Bibliotheek). Between 1649 and 1697 Huygens filled 1,599 pages. In this diary they recorded all aspects of early-modern court life in Holland and England. The book includes chapters on such subjects as the changing perception of time, book collecting, Huygens's role as connoisseur of art, belief in magic and witchcraft, and gossip and sexuality at the court of William and Mary.
It provides an insight on the history of human sexuality. Huygens is comparable to their English contemporary, Samuel Pepys, but with an important difference: whereas Pepys mainly describes their own sexual habits, Huygens almost exclusively describes those of others.
Drawings and paintings
Like their ancestor Joris Hoefnagel, Constantijn practised their skill in drawing. With the death of their father in 1687, they inherited the Heerlijkheid and the castle of Zuilichem (nearby Zaltbommel), by which they became known as Lord of Zuilichem (in Dutch: Heer van Zuilichem). Huygens Jr. made some drawings and paintings, depicting this castle in the period between 1650 till 1660. They can be seen at the museum Maarten van Rossum at Zaltbommel.
Constantijn was an art connoisseur and advised setting up the gallery in Kensington Palace.  They are connected to the Codex Windsor manuscript by Leonardo da Vinci and the Codex Huygens, copied after Leonardo's journals. The latter Constantijn received in 1690; they mended and mounted it, believing it to be a Leonardo original, though it is more likely by either Bernardino Campi or Carlo Urbino. According to Huygens, Romeyn de Hooghe illustrated La puttana errante, an erotic book by Pietro Aretino.
References
External links
DBNL
Rudolf M. Dekker on Constantijn Huygens Jr
1628 births
1697 deaths
17th-century Dutch astronomers
Leiden University alumni
Writers from The Hague
Dutch scientific instrument makers
Art collectors from The Hague
Christiaan Huygens
Constantijn Jr.
was a Japanese historian and politician, member of the Diet and Privy councillor. They were a graduate of Keiō Gijuku.
Takekoshi was a committed advocate of Japanese expansion into the South Seas, rather than China.
Among their works published in English are Japanese Rule in Formosa and a monumental Economic aspect of the Civilization of Japan, which includes a wealth of quantitative data from pre-modern sources.
References
20th-century Japanese historians
1865 births
1950 deaths
Keio University alumni
Campbell-Ewald Co. v. Gomez, 577 U.S. ___ (2016), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States clarified whether a case becomes moot when a party provides a settlement offer that satisfies a named plaintiff's claims in a class action suit and whether a government contractor is entitled to "derivative sovereign immunity".
Background
Telephone Consumer Protection Act
The Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991 prohibits individuals from sending unsolicited telephonic communications. Specifically, the Act prohibits individuals from "mak[ing] any call" or "using any automatic telephone dialing system" to contact a telephone number assigned to a cellular telephone service without the prior consent. A text message is considered the equivalent of a "call" under the Act. Private citizens may file a lawsuit against individuals who violate the act. If successful, plaintiffs may recover $500 for each violation or their "actual monetary loss" (whichever is greater), and damages may be tripled if the defendant "knowingly" or "willfully" violated the Act.
Gomez's class action claim
In the year 2000, the United States Navy contracted with the Campbell-Ewald Company to develop a multimedia military recruiting campaign. Beginning in 2005, Campbell proposed a campaign where young adults would receive text messages; the Navy agreed to implement the program on the condition that the messages would only be sent to "individuals who had 'opted in' to receipt of marketing solicitations on topics that included service in the Navy." Campbell then generated a list of 100,000 cellular phone numbers that they believed were owned by young adults "between the ages of 18 and 24 who had consented to receiving solicitations by text message." In May 2006, Campbell authorized the transmission of a text message to those phone numbers, which encouraged individuals to learn more about service in the Navy. Jose Gomez received the text message, but they alleged that they never consented to receive the message. They then filed a class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of a nationwide class of individuals who had received the text message, but had not previously consented to its delivery. The suit alleged that Campbell's transmission of the text message violated the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991.
Gomez's lawsuit claimed costs and attorneys fees, which they claimed should be tripled in light of Campbell's conduct, as well as an injunction to prevent future unsolicited messaging. Before Gomez's class was certified, Campbell proposed a settlement (pursuant to Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68), which offered to pay Gomez's costs and $1503.00 for every text message that they could prove that they received, but they did not agree to pay attorneys fees. After Gomez rejected this settlement offer, Campbell filed a motion to dismiss on the basis that the case was now moot because the settlement offer provided Gomez complete relief. The district court denied the motion and allowed class action claims to proceed. Prior to trial, Campbell filed a separate motion for summary judgment, claiming that it was entitled to sovereign immunity "as a contractor acting on the Navy's behalf." The district court granted the motion, but on appeal, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revered the district court's ruling. In 2015, the Supreme Court granted certiorari to resolve a circuit split about whether a complete settlement offer can cause a case to become moot.
Opinion of the Court
In a majority opinion written by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, the Court held that "an unaccepted settlement offer has no force" and, under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 68, it does not render a lawsuit moot. Additionally, Justice Ginsburg held that the government contractor in this case was not entitled to derivative sovereign immunity.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases
Lists of United States Supreme Court cases by volume
List of United States Supreme Court cases by the Roberts Court
References
External links
United States Constitution Article Three case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
United States communications regulation case law
United States Navy in the 21st century
United States sovereign immunity case law
2016 in United States case law
Military recruitment
Text messaging
United States class action case law
Rangsit (, ) is a city and neighbourhood in Pathum Thani Province, Thailand. Rangsit is a metropolitan city that supports the expansion of Bangkok in the north. Rangsit has become a departure point for travel to provinces in north, northeast, and eastern Thailand.
Rangsit is the home of Rangsit University
The area is served by Rangsit station on the SRT's northern line and dark red line.
History
In the past, the area of Rangsit was a vast field, covering the area from the north of Bangkok, Pathum Thani to Saraburi and the east side of the Chao Phraya River was called "Thung Luang" (ทุ่งหลวง, refers to large field), with an area of approximately 2,000 km² (about 772 mi²).
At that time, it was a place of habitat for many kinds of wildlife, such as wild elephants, therefore called "Tha Khlong" (ท่าโขลง, refers to pier of herd of elephants) in another name. There are often wild elephants from Khao Yai often living. In addition, it was also the only habitat in the world of Schomburgk's deer (Rucervus schomburgki) an extinct medium-sized deer.
Until the reign of King Chulalongkorn (Rama V) in middle Rattanakosin period, Thailand's first irrigation canal was canalized and passed through this area, it was called "Khlong Rangsit" in honour to their son, Prince Rangsit Prayurasakdi, Prince of Chainat, causing Rangsit to become an agricultural area especially rice cultivation, including various kinds of fruits such as tangerine and make the area of Rangsit continue to prosper respectively.
References
External links
Populated places in Pathum Thani province
Neighbourhoods in Thailand
An Evening with Raoul was a weekly musical variety talk show hosted by Raoul Imbach, with the band The Wild Tortillas. Imbach is a counselor and deputy chief of mission of the Embassy of Switzerland in the Philippines from August 2013 to December 2021, and a singer more popularly known by their renditions of Filipino and Italian songs.
The program was produced by Asian Television Content Corporation (ATC) and aired over IBC-13 every Saturday at 10:00 p.m. to 11:00 p.m. (UTC +08) for one season, starting July 1, 2017. The program has featured different segments including cooking, interviews and performances, among others.
See also
List of programs broadcast by Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation
References
Philippine variety television shows
Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation original programming
2017 Philippine television series debuts
2010s Philippine television series
English-language television shows
Brachyspathus curiosus is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Brachyspathus.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
The 1992–93 SM-liiga season was the 18th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
TPS - Ilves 3:1 (6:0, 5:4 P, 1:3, 4:3)
Jokerit - Ässät 0:3 (6:7, 2:3, 3:4 P)
HIFK - JYP 1:3 (2:4, 2:5, 4:1, 1:4)
HPK - Lukko 3:0 (2:0, 4:3, 3:1)
Semifinals
TPS - Ässät 3:1 (6:3, 1:4, 6:3, 6:0)
HPK - JYP 3:2 (6:3, 0:1, 4:1, 1:2, 2:1)
3rd place
JYP - Ässät 4:3
Final
TPS - HPK 3:1 (9:3, 5:6, 3:2, 3:1)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1992–93 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
"Freak the Freak Out" is a song by the Victorious cast featuring American actor and singer Victoria Justice from the soundtrack album Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show (2011). It was produced by The Super Chris and Michael Corcoran, who also co-wrote the song with C.J. Abraham, Nick Hexum, Zack Hexum, and Dan Schneider. It was released as the lead single from the soundtrack on November 22, 2010, through Columbia Records and Nickelodeon. Musically, it is a teen pop track with lyrics about fighting with an uncommunicative boyfriend. A Victorious episode of the same name premiered on November 26, 2010, and features Tori Vega (Justice), Jade West (Elizabeth Gillies) and Cat Valentine (Ariana Grande) trying to expose a rigged karaoke competition.
The song was met with generally positive reviews from critics, with the majority of them praising its catchiness. "Freak the Freak Out" peaked at number 50 on the US Billboard Hot 100, giving Justice their highest charting single on the chart. The song was certified gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). An accompanying music video was released on November 19, 2010, and was later added to Justice's YouTube channel on September 20, 2012. The visual portrays Justice and the Victorious cast at a warehouse in Los Angeles, dancing against other people. Justice performed the song live at the 2010 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Background and release
"Freak the Freak Out" was released as the lead single from the soundtrack album Victorious: Music from the Hit TV Show on November 22, 2010. It later appeared on the American television sitcom Victorious one-hour special of the same name on November 26, 2010. In the episode, Tori Vega (Victoria Justice) and their friends are thrilled to try out Karaoke Dokie, a fictional karaoke club that features weekly singing competitions. On the night of a competition, Jade West (Elizabeth Gillies) and Cat Valentine (Ariana Grande) team up to perform, but the club's owner tampers the competition so their daughter and their friend can win. Jade and Cat seek out Tori for their help to get revenge. Tori sings "Freak the Freak Out" while wearing a disguise consisting of a hat, wig, wart, and prosthetic nose.
The song was written by Michael Corcoran, also known as Backhouse Mike, C.J. Abraham, Nick Hexum, Zack Hexum, Dan Schneider. It also featured addition production by Greg Wells on additional production.The mixing for the song was provided by Greg Wellstook place at Rocket Carousel in Los Angeles, California. Corcoran and The Super Chris produced the track along with providing all the instruments on the song. Corcoran also provided the guitars. Corcoran was also included on the programming for the song with CJ Abraham, both of which engineered the track in The Backhouse in Los Angeles. Corcoran and Abraham provided additional vocals along with Niki Watkins, Nick and Zack Hexum.
Music and lyrics
Writing for AllMusic, William Ruhlmann described "Freak the Freak Out" as a teen pop song. Jason Lipshutz, writing for Billboard said the song finds Justice "having a blast with the G-rated concept and flashing an undeniable amount of charisma". Bob Hoose and Steven Isaac for Plugged In compared to track to the works of American singer Katy Perry. Both critics say the track is about how "Tori blows up at an uncommunicative boyfriend": "I'm so sick of it/Your attention deficit/Never listen, you never listen/I'm so sick of it/So I'm throwing on a fit." They opined that the "second 'freak' in the title is a not-so-subtle substitute for an intended obscenity".
Reception
"Freak the Freak Out" was met with mainly positive reviews from music critics. Lipshutz opined the song "deserves to be re-discovered as a highly campy, totally transfixing single". The staff of Tiger Beat stated the track "has such a catchy and fun beat to it. It's definitely something we need to get on our mp3 players ASAP". Megan Gaertner for Them Campus placed the song at number four on them The Best Songs from Victorious list, saying the song "is another great bop" and that it "was and still is a great one to jam out to with you besties". In a less enthusiastic review, Ruhlmann mentioned it is "typical of the genre [teen pop], with their relentless beats, synthesized instrumentations, nonstop simple, repetitive choruses, and Auto-Tune vocals".
"Freak the Freak Out" debuted at number 78 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart dated December 18, 2010. The song later peaked at number 50 on the chart in January 2011, giving Justice their highest hit on the Hot 100. It also peaked at number six on the Billboard Kids Digital Song Sales. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified the single a gold certification, which denotes 500,000 units based on sales and track-equivalent on-demand streams in the United States.
Promotion
A music video for "Freak the Freak Out" was released on November 19, 2010, and was streamed on Nick.com and Nick's wireless partners. It was later uploaded to VictoriousVEVO YouTube channel on September 20, 2012. It was the first music video to be made for a Victorious song. The visual features Justice and the Victorious cast doing a dance-off with other people at a warehouse in downtown Los Angeles. Gillies, Leon Thomas III, Matt Bennett, and Avan Jogia dance to the song on the dance floor. Justice performed the song live at the 2010 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City. In January 2020, Grande and Bennett sang the song while staying at Disneyland.
Credits and personnel
Credits are taken from Victorious liner notes.
Victoria Justice – vocals
Michael Corcoran - songwriting, production, instrumentation, guitars, programming, engineering, background vocals
The Super Chris - production, instrumentation
C.J. Abraham - songwriting, programming, engineering, background vocals
Nick Hexum - songwriting, background vocals
Zack Hexum - songwriting, background vocals
Dan Schneider - songwriting
Niki Watkins - background vocals
Greg Wells - additional production, mixing
Charts
Certifications
References
2010 singles
2010 songs
Columbia Records singles
Songs from television series
Songs written by Michael Corcoran (musician)
Songs written by Nick Hexum
Songs written by Zack Hexum
Teen pop
Victoria Justice songs
Victorious
The knockout stages of the 2016 Copa do Brasil was played from August 24 to November 26, 2014. A total of 16 teams competed in the knockout stages.
A draw by CBF was held on August 2 to set the matches for this round. The 16 qualified teams were divided in two pots. Teams from pot 1 are the ones who competed at the 2016 Copa Libertadores and the best placed team in the 2015 Brazilian Série A not taking part in the 2016 Copa Libertadores plus the two highest CBF ranked teams qualified via the Third Round. Pot 2 is composed of the other teams that qualified through the Third Round. Each pot was divided into 4 pairs according to the CBF ranking. That division makes sure that each team within a pair will not face each other before the finals as they will be placed in opposite sides of the bracket. There was a draw to decide the home team of the round of 16. The following stages will have other draws to determine the order of the matches as the tournament advances.
Seeding
2016 CBF ranking shown in brackets.
Bracket
Round of 16
The first legs was played on August 24 – September 1 and the second legs was played on September 21–22, 2016.
|}
Match 71
Tied 2–2 on aggregate, Juventude won on away goals.
Match 72
Corinthians won 2–1 on aggregate.
Match 73
Santos won 5–3 on aggregate.
Match 74
Palmeiras won 3–1 on aggregate.
Match 75
Tied 1–1 on aggregate, Grêmio won on penalties.
Match 76
Internacional won 3–1 on aggregate.
Match 77
Cruzeiro won 6–2 on aggregate.
Match 78
Tied 3–3 on aggregate, Atlético Mineiro won on away goals.
Quarterfinals
The first leg was played on September 28 and the second leg was played on October 19, 2016.
|}
Match 79
Tied 1–1 on aggregate, Atlético Mineiro won on penalties.
Match 80
Internacional won 3–2 on aggregate.
Match 81
Grêmio won 3–2 on aggregate.
Match 82
Cruzeiro won 5–4 on aggregate.
Semifinals
The first leg was played on October 26 and the second leg was played on November 2, 2016.
|}
Match 83
Atlético Mineiro won 4–3 on aggregate.
Match 84
Grêmio won 2–0 on aggregate.
Finals
The first leg will be played on November 23 and the second leg will be played on November 30, 2016.
|}
Match 85
Match 86
Grêmio won 4–2 on aggregate.
Notes
References
knockout stages
Lola Vyacheslavovna Lonli (born July 8, 1973) is a Russian painter working in the style of Russian cosmism.  They are a member of the Artists Trade Union of Russia and The International Federation of Artists. Them works are in permanent collections of the International Centre of Roerichs (Moscow), The V. V. Vereshchagin Mykolaiv Art Museum, Simferopol Art Museum, and the art museum of Gorlovka. In 2013, their paintings were included in the catalogue Russian cosmists of the 20th and 21st centuries published by International Centre of Roerichs. Lonli's paintings are extensively exhibited throughout Russia and Ukraine; they have had more than fifty solo exhibitions and has participated in more than one hundred group exhibitions. They created their own method of art education and established the Treasure of the World art school.
Biography and work
Lonli was born in Yelets in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia. They spent their childhood in a village in the Zagorsky District of Moscow Region, Russia.
At the age of two, they started to draw. At the age of four, during a visit to Troitse-Sergiyeva Lavra, they decided they wanted to be an artist. By the age of 15, without assistance, they mastered the techniques of India ink drawing and oil painting.
In 1988, they completed the 8th class of secondary school #2 in Novo-Sinkovo village in Dmitrovsky District, Moscow Oblast. They entered the 1905 College of Arts in Moscow. They left the college after the first year and studied, on their own, anthropology, ethnography, the mythology of various nations, and diverse techniques of drawing and painting. The first public exhibition of their art was in 1989 at a show called the "Destiny of Roads" in Riga.
Since 1993, Lonli has been developing and mastering their own technique of painting with the paints of their own creation, consisting of egg tempera with natural mineral pigments and essential oils. They also continue drawing with India ink. From 1993 to 1995, they participated in joint exhibitions with a group of artists called "Union of African Persons". The first of those exhibitions, called "Invitation to Journey", was held in Moscow in 1993. In 1994 and 1995, together with the Union of African Persons and the Institute of African Studies (part of the Russian Academy of Sciences), they participated in two exhibitions that included music, lectures, selling of African handicrafts, international meetings, and business seminars. From then on, their ever exhibitions have usually been associated with performances of some kind.
In 1996, they joined the Artists Trade Union of Russia and The International Federation of Artists, Moscow branch, drawing department.
In 1999, their first solo exhibition, "Roots of Life are growing into Heaven", was held in the Yakimanka gallery in Moscow. Also in 1999, they began working with Moscow International Centre and its director, L. V. Shaposhnikova. In 2000, another solo exhibition, "Living Legends of Eternity", was held in the museum named by Nicholas Roerich.
From 2000 through 2006, with support of the Ural branch of the International League for Culture Protection and its vice-president, V. P. Anufriev, Lonli put on 12 solo exhibitions in cities and towns in the Ural region, starting in Yekaterinburg.
In 1999, they moved to Mykolaiv, Ukraine. In 2000, they joined an artists' community in Mykolaiv, Ukraine, called "Club of women artists", and had twelve exhibitions with the Club.
In 2001, they established an art school called "Treasure of the World" in Mykolaiv. The school's educational methods were based on their own experience of self-study and methods of pedagogy developed by S. A. Amonashvili. At least 60 people have attended the school, and at least 11 exhibitions of students' artwork have been held in Nikolaev, Kherson, and Ochakov. Students' artwork has been entered in several contests, and they have been given awards at three consecutive biennales of The V. V. Vereshchagin Mykolaiv Art Museum. At the contest "Peace to the Earth – Flag of Peace in the Hands of Children", held in 2006 by the International Centre of Roerichs, all artworks were awarded diplomas, and two of them were printed in Culture and Time magazine.
In 2001, Lonli joined the society named after Nicholas Roerich, "Light in the Way", in Mykolaiv. Since 2002, they have been a member of the board of this society. From 2000 to 2006, they had 10 exhibitions in cities and towns of Ukraine, some of them with the support of this society.
In 2003, they took part in exhibition "Unearthly Worlds of Earthly Artists" in the Moscow museum named after Nicholas Roerich.
In 2006, they put on a second personal exhibition in the Moscow Museum named for Nicholas Roerich; the exhibition then visited nine cities in Ukraine, including Dniepropetrovsk, Khmelnytskiy, and Simferopol.
Since 2007, they have collaborated with the Mykolaiv poets' society "Ninth Sphinx" and styled its literary anthology of the same name. There were many poetic and musical performances at their exhibitions, including those in Moscow, Mykolaiv, and Dniepropetrovsk.
In 2009, they returned to Moscow. In 2010, they held several art-music performances with slide shows of their artworks in Moscow clubs in collaboration with the bands "Rada and Blackthorn", "Afrikanda", and "Afru". In March 2010, together with group of cosmist artist they run exhibition and art festival "Cosmic mystery" at the Museum of Nicholas Roerich in Moscow
From 2010 to 2012, they participated in exhibitions put on by the Department of Culture, Western District, Moscow, and the art community "Wind of Wanderings". They also took part in the exhibition "High Water" and was awarded a diploma for best painting.
In 2011, they joined the Artists Trade Union of Russia, Moscow branch. In October 2011, they took part in the exhibition "At the Shores of Different Worlds" in the Moscow museum named for Nicholas Roerich. From 2011 to 2013, they were represented in the US by the Agora Gallery, New York City. In 2012, they participated in the exhibition "Symphony of Color" there.
In February 2013, they participated in the exhibition "Parallax Art Fair", in London.
From June to August 2013, their third solo exhibition, "Multicolored Sparks of Universe", was held in the Moscow museum named for Nicholas Roerich. From October to December 2013, they participated in a large-scale retrospective exhibition, "Russian Cosmists of XX-XXI Centuries". They took part in the international project "Art Cocktail" held in Bruges, Belgium, in November 2013. Also in November 2013, Lonli's solo exhibition "Space of Earthly Legends" began traveling through cities and towns of Siberia.
In February, July, and October 2014, they again took part in "Parallax Art Fair", in London. In September 2014, they organized the group exhibition "Unity" of contemporary Russian cosmist artists in the Moscow museum named for Nicholas Roerich. Starting in September 2014, they conduct master classes in the Museum of Nicholas Roerich in Moscow.
In November 2014, January, 2015 and March, 2015, they participated in exhibitions "Plurality", "Blend" and "Duality" at Camden Image Gallery, London.
In March, 2015, they participated in exhibition "Unity in Variety III" at Gabriel Fine Art Gallery, London.
In August, 2015, Lonli participated in Amsterdam International Art Fair, Amsterdam.
Since October 2015, they run a class in art studio "Treasure of the World" which was re-opened at the Museum of Nicholas Roerich in Moscow.
In February, 2016, solo exhibition of Lonli's paintings "Flying with Music" took place in Galleri Fjoset, Oslo, Norway.
From 9 to 16 October 2016, their solo exhibition "From ancient legends to the New World" took place at International Roerich Memorial Trust, Naggar, India.
On April 6, 2017, Lonli's solo exhibition 'New World' has been opened at Moscow museum named for Nicholas Roerich. On April 28, the Museum has been seized by the State Museum of Oriental Art and Lonli's exhibition was blocked in museum with no possibility of access.
They currently live in Moscow.
Awards and recognition
Included in the catalogue "Russian cosmists of XX-XXI centuries" published by International Centre of Roerichs.
Featured Artist of Manhattan Arts International, New York.
Awarded Lifetime Membership of Contemporary Art Gallery Online.
Received Certificate of Honor at 9th Art Contest by Artavita for the painting Billie sings. Billie loves. Billie is happy.
Awarded "Best of Show" for the painting Free at Dreams Art Competition sponsored by Focus Point Shape International Online Art Gallery in March 2014.
Nominee of Artavita 10 contest with painting Arabesque Flame.
Special Recognition for the painting Billie sings. Billie loves. Billie is happy at Figurative Art Exhibition of Light Space & Time Online Gallery, May 2014.
Finalist of the Em*bodied Art online competition by ArtScene Today with painting Arabesque Flame.
Winner of the Traditions juried exhibition by Linus Art Galleries with graphics Secret of a Rhythm.
Graphics Roots of life in the beginnings and Temptation with fruit selected for grand opening exhibition of Colors of Humanity Art Gallery.
Painting Someone's Footprint on the Universe's Face selected for juried exhibition "Pure Abstraction" of Gallery 25N.
Special Recognition for the painting Different Spaces. Intro at "Abstracts" Art Exhibition of Light Space & Time Online Gallery.
4th place in "Abstract" competition by Contemporary Art Gallery Online with the painting Someone's Footprint on the Universe's Face.
Featured at 1st VirArtgallery Prize 2015 with paintings Master of Creative Forces and Someone's Footprint on the Universe's Face .
Runner-up of the second annual Portrait of a Professional Artist call by Professional Artist magazine with the painting Armageddon. Thinking Movement.
Painting Different Spaces. Indigo has been selected by the Fusion Art gallery for the International online juried art exhibition Colorful Abstractions.
Painting Master of Creative Forces won 1st place in nomination 'Professional' at International art exhibition-contest 'Lighting the stars' of Worldwide art-project 'The place where the light is'.
Critical reception
ARTisSpectrum magazine in 2013 said that "Lola Lonli mixes global iconography, mysticism, and real-life cultural figures to create intricate images that layer pattern with surreal representation."
Manhattan Arts International described their works as follows: "Positive messages, rhythmic, swirling patterns, intense colors, and bold design characterize their works of art. They combine unique and skillful painting, drawing and mixed media techniques with egg tempera and fluorescent pigment."
Professional Artist magazine in 2014 said: "Her inspirational art works come to fruition when they are in deep concentration. Them art seems to automatically flow through them onto the canvas."
References
External links
Official Website of Lola Lonli
1973 births
Modern painters
Russian contemporary artists
Living people
Cycling at the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from 28–31 May 2013 in Cessange, Luxembourg.
Medal summary
Medal table
Men
Women
References
External links
Site of the 2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
Result book
2013 in road cycling
2013 Games of the Small States of Europe
2013 in men's road cycling
2013 in women's road cycling
2013
2013 in mountain biking
2013 in cycle racing
Clelia Bompiani-Battaglia (5 August 1848, in Rome – 23 February 1927, in Rome) was an Italian painter. They were a pupil of their father, Roberto Bompiani, and of the professors in the Accademia di San Luca. The following paintings in watercolor established their reputation as an artist: Confidential Communication ( (1885); the Fortune-Teller (1887); A Public Copyist (1888); and The Wooing (1888). Along with Alceste Campriani, Ada Negri, Juana Romani, and Erminia de Sanctis, Bompiani is named as one of Italy's best modern painters.
References
Bibliography
1847 births
1927 deaths
19th-century Italian painters
19th-century Italian women artists
20th-century Italian painters
20th-century Italian women artists
Painters from Rome
Italian watercolourists
Sibling artists
Italian women painters
Women watercolorists
Life and Energy is a 1962 book by Isaac Asimov. It is about the biological and physical world, and their contrasts and comparisons. Thus the book is divided into two sections, which is separated by further sub-sections (i.e. chapters): 1) energy; 2) body. In order to accomplish its goal, the book starts with "layperson" discussions about energy and how these can be used to single out human from other living systems, or even living systems from non-living matter, what differentiates a rock from an oyster, and finishes with advanced concepts, how living systems are able to "produce" energy.
First Chapters: Energy
The first chapters cover the common questions of the distinctions between living and inanimate objects.
Following Chapters
Asimov then explains in a step by step manner about the physical world first through slow, but interesting chapters. They write about the effect and major role of the evolution and advance of man by fire and heat, they tell about thermodynamics (and its laws), they recollect the thoughts of previous scientists, and their painstaking works, and finally, the quantum theory and radiation, which has revolutionised physics and technology. An explanation of electricity and basic chemistry laws and features are also included.
The physical section ends here, and continues into biology. They now continue on with special chemistry, and leaves behind physics. From this, the book leads into the functions of enzymes, amino acids, cells, the body as a whole, and the process of the cells and organs to work together to become one.
Publication
Life and Energy (1962)
External links
Book review
1962 non-fiction books
Books by Isaac Asimov
Science books
Doubleday (publisher) books
Baharestan (, also Romanized as Bahārestān; also known as Kharāb and Kharrāb) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 253, in 87 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Biohabitats, Inc. is an American company that provides conservation planning, ecological restoration and regenerative design services.
Biohabitats employs about 75 people with expertise in biological sciences, earth sciences, water engineering, land planning, and design. The company's headquarters is in Baltimore, Maryland.
History
Biohabitats was founded in 1982 by landscape architect and restorationist Keith Bowers, who remains its president in 2016.
Biohabitats' planning work has included the preparation of climate adaptation strategies for the Galveston Island State Park master plan. Its wetland restorations have included Nine Mile Run in Pittsburgh's Frick Park and the restoration of natural water flow to Barataria Preserve in Louisiana's Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve.
In the early 2000s, Biohabitats expanded its services to include more stormwater design and work in urban areas. The company worked with the New York City Department of Environmental Protection to prioritize vacant lands and modernize practices for stormwater management. At Freshkills Park, also in New York City, Biohabitats restored coastal wetland habitat on a former landfill.
In 2005, Biohabitats moved its offices into a converted horse barn in the Woodberry neighborhood of Baltimore City.
Biohabitats acquired Natural Systems International in 2010, and subsequently expanded its services to include the design of decentralized natural wastewater treatment systems, including Sidwell Friends School in Washington DC, and the Omnilife Stadium in Guadalajara, Mexico.
In the 2010s, the company worked with Underwood & Associates to develop Regenerative Stormwater Conveyance. Biohabitats designed a floating wetland for the Waterfront Partnership in Baltimore's Inner Harbor floating wetlands that was constructed from floating debris found in surrounding urban waterways. Biohabitats also created a natural water treatment system based on algae in the harbor.
In 2016 Biohabitats managed the restoration of Larder's Point Park on the Delaware river and Washington Avenue Green in Philadelphia.
Awards and honors
Biohabitats recently received the 2016 Top Ten Projects award from the American Institute of Architects, the 2015 Engineering & Science Award of Excellence from the Pittsburgh American Institute of Architects, the 2015 Society for College and University Planning award, the 2016 Louisiana Chapter President's Award of Excellence and the 2016 ASLA Analysis and Planning Honor Award as part of the planning team for the Baton Rouge Lakes Master Plan.
References
Further reading
External links
American companies established in 1982
1982 establishments in Maryland
Companies based in Baltimore
Sustainable building in the United States
Pipil may refer to:
Pipil people of western El Salvador
Pipil language
Pipil grammar
Pipil language (typological overview)
John De Andrea (born 1941) is an American sculptor known for their realistic sculptures of human figures, dressed or nude and in true-to-life postures.
Life
De Andrea was born in Denver, Colorado on November 24, 1941. They received their Bachelor of Fine Arts from the University of Colorado at Boulder and studied at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque on an art scholarship, 1966–8. They live in Denver.
Work and themes
De Andrea is an artistic representative of Hyperrealism and the Hyperrealism school of art, and specializes in nudes, frequently lovers, which they make from plastic, polyester, glass fiber with natural hair and painted after naturalistic gypsum castings. Their work is often associated with that of Duane Hanson and George Segal.
In documenta 5 in Kassel 1972, they presented Arden Andersen and Nora Murphy, a hyper-realistic sculpture of a couple in the act of love-making, made from bodycasts rendered in polyester resin.
This alienation between the lovers and their incurable misfortune becomes even clearer with their 1978 work on display in Aachen, entitled The Couple. The man is not only fully dressed and the woman naked, but they cling to him, while they touch them only minimally, in order to not induce an open rejection.
De Andrea's works based on the sculptor and their model are characterized by a sober, professional relationship between the man and the woman; the artist concentrates on their work or rather is shown in situations, where they withdraw within themselves to a meditative posture, and retreats into himself, in order to collect their energy and concentration for further work.
Collections
De Andrea's work is included in the numerous permanent collections, including:
the Metropolitan Museum of Art,
the Museum Ludwig in Aachen and Cologne, Germany.
the Portland Museum of Art,
the Herbert F. Johnson Museum of Art, and
the Denver Art Museum.
See also
Duane Hanson
George Segal
Ron Mueck
References
External links
John de Andrea. Sphinx. 1987. Polyvinyl, oil paint: life-size. East Tennessee State University
1941 births
Living people
Artists from Denver
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
Hyperrealist artists
Sculptors from Colorado
State Route 208 (SR 208, OH 208) is an east–west state highway in central Ohio, a U.S. state. The entire highway is in the northern portion of Muskingum County and is a two-lane highway, passing through woodlands. The western terminus of SR 208 is at SR 60 in Dresden, while its eastern terminus is at SR 93 in Adamsville. SR 208 was established in the mid 1920s.
Route description
SR 208 begins at an intersection with SR 60 in Dresden. The road heads northeast into downtown Dresden. In downtown, the highway turns southeasterly and passes through residential properties, as a two-lane highway. The route leaves downtown Dresden, by turning towards the northeast. Here, SR 208 has its highest traffic counts; within the 2011 ODOT survey, the road is listed with an average annual daily traffic(AADT) of 3,090 vehicles on a section of highway between the western terminus and the point that SR 208 turns northeasterly. After turning towards the northeast the road crosses the Ohio Central Railroad owned track. The highway passes through commercial and a school. After the school, the road crosses the Muskingum River, followed by a T-intersection with SR 666. The highway has a T-intersection with SR 666, SR 208 heads easterly, from SR 666, passing through woodland and farmland.
East of the intersection with SR 666, the AADT of SR 208 drops to 780 vehicles. At Stone Church Road, the highway heads towards the south-southeast. The road has an intersection at Township Road 115 (T–115), at this intersection SR 208 turns easterly. The highway makes a sharp curve, turning towards the south. After turning towards the south, the road makes a curve towards due east. The makes one last sharp turn, turning towards the south. The route enters Adamsville from the north, heading due south. The road passes through residential properties. SR 208's eastern terminus is at an intersection with SR 93, at the main intersection in the village. No portion that is included as a part of the National Highway System.
History
Designated during the early years of the Ohio State Highway system, specifically in 1924, State Route 208 maintains the same Dresden-to-Adamsville routing today that it did when it debuted. No significant changes have taken place to the highway itself since its inception, only the designation of the highways at its endpoints. What is now State Route 60 at State Route 208's western terminus was known as State Route 77 in 1924, and what is now State Route 93 at the eastern terminus of State Route 208 was originally designated as State Route 75. The entire route was paved in 1950.
Major intersections
References
External links
State Route 208 Endpoint Photos
208
Transportation in Muskingum County, Ohio
The Early Years 1946–1957 is a five-disc compilation recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins, released in 2007.
History
The 158 tracks on this five-disc compilation cover Atkins' career from their very first single ("Guitar Blues") released on Bullet Records to 1957 and Finger Style Guitar. The selections include quite a few of Atkins' vocal performances, from the very earliest 78's they recorded. The releases are placed in chronological order, so following Atkins' career steps is both educational and enlightening — especially to those seeking to hear their development as a guitarist.
Discs four and five represent Atkins as one of Nashville's leading studio musicians as well as their own solo albums. The liner notes are extensive and include an essay by Drew Kent.
Reception
Allmusic stated in their review: "The result is an entertaining and compelling look at the formative years of a crucial figure in the growth of country music, and guitar fans will get a fine buzz from the first-class picking that graces nearly every cut."
Personnel
Chet Atkins – guitar, vocals
Rosalie Allen – vocals
James Atkins – guitar
Billie Rose Atkins – vocals
George Barnes – guitar
Beasley Singers – vocals
Joe Biviano – accordion
Harold Bradley – guitar
Jethro Burns – mandolin, vocals
Jerry Byrd – lap steel guitar
Fran Carroll – bass
Anita Carter – bass
Helen Carter – vocals
Al Chernet – guitar
Donna Colleen – vocals
Farris Coursey – drums
Johnny Degeorge – drums
Danny Dill – vocals
Ray Edenton – guitar
Austin Footrell – vocals
Malcolm Gold – organ, piano
"Papa" John Gordie – celeste, piano
Buddy Harman – drums
Henry "Homer" Haynes – guitar, vocals
Marvin Hughes – organ, piano, celeste
Charles Hurta – fiddle
Louis Innis – guitar, vocals
Bud Isaacs – pedal steel guitar
Aaron Kerr – organ
Anita Kerr – vocals, choral arrangements
Red Kirk – vocals
Millie Kirkham – vocals
Angus P Klein – accordion
Phil Kraus – drums
Buck Lambert – fiddle
Randy Lanham – guitar
Grady Martin – guitar
Elbert R. "Dutch" McMillan – clarinet
Ernie Newton – bass
Dale Potter – fiddle
Jack Shook – guitar
Harold Siegel – bass
Hank Snow – guitar, vocals
Brock Speer – vocals
"Holly" Swanson – bass
References
2007 compilation albums
Chet Atkins compilation albums
The Marconi scandal was a British political scandal that broke in mid-1912. Allegations were made that highly placed members of the Liberal government under the Prime Minister H. H. Asquith had profited by improper use of information about the government's intentions with respect to the Marconi Company. They had known that the government was about to issue a lucrative contract to the British Marconi company for the Imperial Wireless Chain and had bought shares in an American subsidiary.
Insider trading allegations
Allegations and rumours about insider trading in Marconi shares involved a number of government ministers, including Lloyd George, the Chancellor of the Exchequer; Sir Rufus Isaacs, the Attorney General; Herbert Samuel, the Postmaster General; and Alexander Murray, the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury. The allegations were based on the fact that Isaacs' brother, Godfrey Isaacs, was managing director of Marconi.
Historians have explored anti-Semitism in the allegations. The allegations, whether true or not, were well-founded and serious enough to be brought to public attention. Particularly active in the attack was the New Witness, edited by Cecil Chesterton. This was a distributist publication founded in 1911 by Hilaire Belloc as Eye-Witness, with Cecil's brother G. K. Chesterton on the editorial staff. It had a Catholic perspective and was accused of anti-Semitism.
In February 1913, the French newspaper Le Matin alleged that Sir Rufus Isaacs and Herbert Samuel had abused their position to buy shares in the English Marconi company. Both men sued for libel and Le Matin withdrew and apologised. During the case, Isaacs testified that they had bought shares in American Marconi and sold some on to Lloyd George and Lord Murray. It was not made public during the trial that these shares had been made available through Isaacs's brother at a favourable price. The factual matters were at least partly resolved by a parliamentary select committee investigation, which issued three reports: all found that ministers had purchased shares in the American Marconi company, but while the Liberal members of the committee cleared the ministers of all blame, the other members reported that they had acted with "grave impropriety". The truth of the matter has been described as "obscure".
Court case
Cecil Chesterton expected to be sued by the government ministers under the libel laws, which put the burden of proof on the defendant. Instead, Godfrey Isaacs, Marconi's director, brought a criminal libel action against him. The New Age (12 June 1913) described the trial
The court ruled against Chesterton and fined them a token £100 plus costs, which was paid by their supporters. Some of them claimed the decision would have gone differently had Chesterton's lawyer aggressively gone after the accused ministers who were at the heart of the scandal. In the next issue of the New Witness, Chesterton repeated their allegations against the ministers, who still did not sue.
Aftermath
The events were satirised by George Bernard Shaw as the "macaroni shares" scandal in their play The Music Cure, which was written to accompany G.K. Chesterton's play Magic, an attack on deceptive mediums which also referred to the scandal. In 1919, Cecil Chesterton's A History of the United States was published, posthumously. In the introduction, their brother G. K. Chesterton wrote this about them
In their biography of G. K. Chesterton, Maisie Ward devotes a chapter to the scandal and notes, "Four days after the verdict against Cecil Chesterton, the Parliamentary Committee produced its report". They go on to describe that report: "By the usual party vote of 8 to 6, it adopted a report prepared by Mr. Falconer (one of the two whom Rufus Isaacs had approached privately) which simply took the line that the Ministers had acted in good faith and refrained from criticizing them". They conclude the chapter with these words, which suggest that, at the very best, the ministers involved lacked judgment,
Views
The historian Ian Christopher Fletcher wrote:
In 1936, G. K. Chesterton credited the Marconi scandal with initiating a subtle but important shift in the attitude of the British public:
The opposite view is argued by Bryan Cheyette. They wrote that the negative 'Jewish financier' stereotype was present first and indeed was established in British culture quite some time before the scandal broke.
Portrayal in media
Season 2 of the TV show Downton Abbey included the Marconi scandal as a plot point. Lavinia revealed that they gave information about illegal share dealing to Sir Richard Carlisle.
Notes
Further reading
Reports from the Select Committee on Marconi's Wireless Telegraph Company, Limited, Agreement (House of Commons, 1913)
Cheyette, Bryan. "Hilaire belloc and the 'Marconi scandal' 1900–1914: A reassessment of the interactionist model of racial hatred." Immigrants & Minorities 8#1-2 (1989): 130-142.
Donaldson, Frances. The Marconi Scandal (2nd ed 2011).
Gilbert, Bentley Brinkerhoff. "David Lloyd George and the Great Marconi Scandal." Historical Research 62#149 (1989): 295-317.
External links
Article from the Museum of the History of Science, Oxford
The Marconi Scandal David Lloyd George Exhibition, National Library of Wales
Article from Today's Engineer Online
Article from Physicsworld.com
Political scandals in the United Kingdom
1912 in the United Kingdom
1912 in politics
David Lloyd George
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" is a song by British hip hop trio, N-Dubz. The song is dedicated to the group's former manager Byron Contostavlos, who died shortly before the band were signed to new label All Around the World. The song later became their second top 40 hit in the UK.
Critical reception
David Balls, writing for Digital Spy, wrote the following review: "N-Dubz seem proud to be a band who sell as many ringtones as they do actual tracks. 'Remember that boy driving you mad every morning on the No.42? He's listening to our music,' they proclaim on their MySpace page. Whether that's a good thing probably depends on your age, but anyone would find it tough to fathom the appeal of their latest pop-garage single. Though it feels a bit harsh to knock 'Papa Can You Hear Me', which is dedicated to the band's late relative and former manager Byron Contostavlos, N-Dubz push any goodwill to the limit here. The mix of uber-serious rapping and abrasive beats is fundamentally awkward, while their lyrics are as crass as they are heartfelt. By showing their softer side, the Camden collective are probably hoping to win some new fans, but they should probably stick to making hip-hop bangers in the futureside."
Music video
The music video was premiered by the All Around the World label on their website on 13 October 2008 and has since received over 14 million views on YouTube. It includes Dappy holding onto a door knob after falling through singing in the air, Fazer running away and Tulisa floating in mid-air.
Track listing
Digital Download
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" (Album Version) - 4:02
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" (Single Version) - 4:07
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" (The Studio Allstars V Festival Tribute To N-Dubz) - 4:09
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" (Live From BBC Radio Live Lounge) - 4:33
CD Single
"Papa Can You Hear Me?" (Album Version) - 4:02
Charts
On 23 November 2008, the song entered the UK Singles Chart at #30 on downloads alone. It became their second biggest hit peaking at #19, and at number #17 in the download chart. Following the single's success, it started falling down the Top 40, before climbing to #33 again, and finally falling to #47, where it stayed for 2 weeks. The song also peaked at #3 on the official R&B chart.
References
N-Dubz songs
2008 singles
Songs written by Tulisa (singer)
Songs written by Richard Rawson
Songs written by Dappy
2008 songs
All Around the World Productions singles
Songs inspired by deaths
Kevin Mahan (born August 3, 1969) is an American politician who served in the Indiana House of Representatives for the 31st district from 2010 to 2019.
References
1969 births
Living people
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana Republicans
21st-century American politicians
Georg Uecker (born 6 November 1962 in Munich) is a German actor. Since 1985, they have played the character of Dr. Carsten Flöter on the popular German TV series Lindenstraße on ARD. Controversially, in 1987, they kissed Gert Weinbauer (played by actor Günter Barton). This was the first gay kiss in a German series in the evening. A second kiss was in 1990 with character Robert Engel (actor Martin Armknecht) this brought about discussions on LGBT topics in the media. Uecker still continues to play the character. Their other television credits include Schillerstraße (an improvisational comedy show) and they are often a guest on Genial daneben (a quiz programme with comedians).  They are an LGBT-activist and lives in Cologne.
Early life
Georg Uecker is the son of Heiko Uecker, who until 2004 was 'Professor of Nordic Philology' at the University of Bonn, and their wife Kari from Norway. They grew up bilingually and spent their childhood in Germany and Norway.
They joined a freelance theater group, which was invited to various arts festivals, this was a hobby that could be a profession. Uecker studied theatre and film, Scandinavian studies and Romance studies at the University of Cologne. They also took acting classes, played at the Comedia Theater in Cologne and started working at the Schauspielhaus. Then casting director Horst D. Scheel asked them to cast for the "Lindenstraße".
Career
Uecker became known as Dr. Carsten Flöter in the television series Lindenstraße (translated as 'Linden Road'), where they kissed actor Günter Barton in 1987. It was the first kiss between two men on German television in an evening series. After a second kiss in 1990, with actor Martin Armknecht on the show, both actors received several anonymous death threats after the broadcast of the episode. The WDR and the Lindenstraße production company GFF then filed criminal charges against the unknown person. Uecker received the Bambi Award for their role in Lindenstraße in 1989 and the Golden Camera Award in 1998.
Uecker has been other television shows, such as a panel member of "Genial daneben" (lit. 'ingeniously off the mark'), they were the 'gamesmaster' known as 'The Whisperer' on the Schillerstraße until autumn 2005. They perform as a "Eurovision Song Contest expert" in various talk shows. Until 2005, they also produced the late night show Blond on Friday ('Blond am Freitag') on channel ZDF, and co-developed other ZDF channel shows such as "Kaffeeklatsch". They have worked alongside Hella von Sinnen, Ralph Morgenstern and Dirk Bach in 'Cologne Homopromis'.
Filmography
Film
Television
Personal life
Uecker is openly homosexual and involved in the gay rights movement, and was awarded in 2010 for their involvement in the fight against HIV and AIDS, the ReD Award (Reminders Day Award, which has been awarded annually since 2001 in Berlin). In addition, the actor is engaged politically and socially. Since September 4, 2007, they are godfather of the 'Oberstufenzentrums Trade 1' (a commercial high school in Berlin-Kreuzberg) in the project "School without racism - school with Courage" and since January 27, 2010 godfather of the project "Holzwickede without racism - Holzwickede with Courage".
In 1993, their partner John, an Englishman from London, "the great love", died of AIDS.
Since 2008, it was obvious that Uecker had health problems; especially as strong weight loss was observed. When Uecker made their HIV infection public in 2016, they explained that their illness was being reduced to the side effects of HIV blockers and they have since gained weight again by switching medication. According to their own information, they learned about the diagnosis in 1993.  They are quoted as saying "I'm the prominent 'Longtime Survivor' ". In 1993, they were also battling against "Hodgkin's disease" which is, a malignant tumor of the lymphatic system. They had several chemotherapy treatments. Five years later, they had defeated the cancer, they state "I've been cancer-free for 25 years" in 2015.
They own a boot from Frida of ABBA. They had traveled with Thomas Hermanns to an auction in Switzerland.
Their autobiography "I'll do it!" was published by Fischer Verlag on 22 February 2018. ()
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
German gay actors
German male television actors
German television personalities
LGBT entertainers from Germany
LGBT actors from Germany
LGBT rights activists from Germany
People with HIV/AIDS
Male actors from Munich
German people of Norwegian descent
The Lemoore Cubs were a minor league baseball team based in Lemoore, California. In 1911, the Lemoore Cubs played a partial season as members of the Class D level San Joaquin Valley League, which permanently folded before the conclusion of the season.
History
Minor league baseball play was hosted in Lemoore, California in 1911, when the Lemoore "Cubs" team became members of the six–team Class D level San Joaquin Valley League. The Coalinga Tigers, Hanford Braves, Porterville Orange Pickers, Tulare Merchants and Visalia Colts joined Lemoore in 1911 San Joaquin Valley League play.
The Lemoore use of the "Cubs" moniker was in reference to the team signing many young players to its 1911 roster.
On March 4, 1911, it was reported that Oscar Jones had accepted the manager position of the 1911 Lemoore Cubs. Jones reported that they were looking forward to a "lively season in the valley."
On opening day in Porterville, the home team, behind pitcher Bill Thelle, defeated Lemoore and pitcher Oscar Jones by the score of 3–2, with Thelle compiling 14 strikeouts.
The 1911 San Joaquin Valley League began their second season of play on April 16, 1911, expanding from four teams to six teams. But, the league permanently folded during the season. On July, 18, 1911, the Lemoore Cubs were in 3rd place when the San Joaquin Valley League folded. The league folded after the Tulare and Porterville franchises had disbanded on July 11, 1911. Lemoore ended their brief season with an overall record of 7–6. Playing under manager Oscar Jones, the Cubs finished 2.0 games behind the 1st place Tulare Merchants in the San Joaquin Valley League final standings. Lemoore pitcher/manager Oscar Jones led the San Joaquin Valley League with 7 wins.
The final 1911 San Joaquin Valley League standings were led by the Tulare Merchants (9–4), followed by the Coalinga Tigers (8–6), Lemoore Cubs (7–6), Hanford Braves (6–7), Visalia Colts (5–8) and Porterville Orange Pickers (5–8). Lemoore, California has not hosted another minor league team.
The ballpark
The name of the 1911 Lemoore Cubs' home ballpark is unknown.
Year-by-year record
Notable alumni
Oscar Jones (1911, MGR)
See also
Lemoore Cubs players
References
External links
Baseball Reference
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in California
Defunct baseball teams in California
Baseball teams established in 1911
Baseball teams disestablished in 1911
Kings County, California
Seriocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Seriocarpa include:
Seriocarpa benthedi Monniot & Monniot, 1985
Seriocarpa cristata Millar, 1975
Seriocarpa littoralis Millar, 1975
Seriocarpa rhizoides Dielh, 1969
Seriocarpa tongae Monniot & Monniot, 2001
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Emamzadeh or Emam Zadeh () may refer to:
Emamzadeh District
Emam Zadeh, alternate name of Baba Zeyd, Lorestan
Emamzadeh-ye Kaka Reza
Emamzadeh Abazar
Emamzadeh, alternate name of Emamzadeh Ali, Fars, Iran
Emamzadeh, alternate name of Emam Qeys, Iran
Emamzadeh, alternate name of Sariyeh Khatun, Iran
Emamzadeh, Kermanshah
Emamzadeh, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
Emamzadeh Deh Chal, a village in Markazi Province, Iran
Emamzadeh Qasem (disambiguation), various places in Iran
Emamzadeh, Qazvin, Iran
Emamzadeh, alternate name of Yaleh Gonbad, Iran
Emamzadeh Ala Eddin, Iran
Emamzadeh, West Azerbaijan
See also
Emamzadeh is a common element in Iranian place names; see
Winslow is an indie rock band from Los Angeles, California. Kate Miner and Briana Lane make up the female indie duo.
Winslow released their first two singles, "Look at Me Now" and "Out of My Head" off their self-titled EP, Winslow, on June 22, 2018.
Their third single, a cover of "Conversation 16" by The National, was released on July, 6th 2018.
The video for "Out of My Head" was directed by Nora Kirkpatrick of Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros.
In 2019, "Origami Tiger", the last single off of their self titled EP, Winslow, is featured in the indie feature Luce starring Naomi Watts and Octavia Spencer.
Discography
Band members
Kate Miner – vocals, guitar, piano (2018–present)
Briana Lane – vocals, keyboard, synthesizer (2018–present)
Tobias Urbanczyk – drums, guitar (2018–present)
References
American indie rock groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
American musical duos
All-female bands
The Greater Washington Partnership is a civic alliance of the region's leading employers who are committed to fostering unity and making the Washington–Baltimore metropolitan area the most inclusive economy in the nation.
History
The Greater Washington Partnership is a civic alliance of leading employers and entrepreneurs that represent businesses across the region from Baltimore to Richmond. The nonprofit was founded in 2016, and grew from an original foundation of a number of businesses working to bring the Olympics (Washington 2024) to the region. The Partnership focuses advancing inclusive growth and fostering unity through three pillars of work: Inclusive Growth, Skills and Talent, and Regional Mobility & Infrastructure. Jason Miller was the Partnership's CEO from 2017-2020 and was followed by JB Holston from 2020-2022. In 2022, the Partnership named Kathy Hollinger as its CEO. Co-Founders include Russ Ramsey, Ramsey Asset Management; Peter L. Scher, JPMorgan Chase & Co.; Ted Leonsis, Monumental Sports and Entertainment.
Transportation and workforce development were two early goals of the organization. In May 2018 the organization advocated for higher tolls.
Developing the region is part of a strategy to encourage more companies to establish themselves within the region.
The organization seeks to establish some standardization in regional educational credentials.
Activities
When Amazon announced a North American sweepstakes for the location of its second headquarters in 2017, the Partnership contributed 11 addendums supporting each of the first round of bids submitted by jurisdictions in the region. “When one wins, we all win,” was the theme used by the Partnership to show Amazon that the region had the businesses, talent, and infrastructure to support being selected as the second headquarters location. In November 2018, Amazon announced Arlington, VA as one of the locations for its second headquarters.
Regional Mobility & Infrastructure
The Greater Washington Partnership is a founding member of the MetroNow Coalition, which works for long-term improvements to WMATA, the DC Metro system. In May 2018, MetroNow worked with other organizations, including CSG, Federal City Council, Northern Virginia Chamber of Commerce, The 2030 Group, the Greater Washington Board of Trade and Fund It Fixes to get DC, Maryland, and Virginia leaders to approve $500 million annual funding for Metro.
In November 2018, the Partnership released its Blueprint for Regional Mobility, a comprehensive transportation strategy to improve commutes, increase transportation options, and provide better access to public transportation for people around Baltimore, Washington, and Richmond. It is the first-ever CEO-led agenda to improve the region's transportation system. The Blueprint lays out four main priorities: connecting the super-region, improving the consumer experience, ensuring equitable access and integrating innovation as the keys to fundamentally transforming the way residents move around the region.
A few of the Partnership's recommendations include a commuter rail network for the region, an expansion of the regions toll-lane network, improving the region's bus network, and growing programs for commuters at private employers.
Dominion Energy CEO Tom Farrell, MedStar Health CEO Kenneth Samet, and EY global chairperson and CEO Mark Weinberg are the co-chairs of the Greater Washington Partnership Regional Mobility Initiative and authored the Blueprint.
The Partnership has also released several issue specific reports on buses, integrated mobility, performance-driven tolling, and Richmond's transit revolution. This includes a case study titled “Richmond's Transit Revolution: GRTC Ridership and Accessibility Analysis,” which was released in June 2019. The study analyzed the launch of the Pulse Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) line, a bus redesign in Richmond and expansion of service in Henrico Country. The Pulse was recognized by the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy with a bronze ranking for design and implementation.
Housing
In October 2018, the Greater Washington Partnership, together with the Urban Institute and JPMorgan Chase, launched the Regional Housing Framework, in an effort to address the Capital Region's future housing needs.
On September 4, 2019, the Urban Institute released "Meeting the Washington Region's Future Housing Needs", commissioned by the Greater Washington Partnership and JPMorgan Chase. The report provides business leaders, policymakers, community members and advocates with evidence-based insights so they can join the collective push for solutions and help create a healthy housing market in which residents and businesses thrive.
Skills and Talent
Capital CoLAB
One of the Partnership's main initiatives is to grow the region's economic competitiveness. The Greater Washington Partnership created the Capital CoLAB (Collaborative of Leaders in Academia and Business), an alliance of educators and business leaders working together to develop talent in the region by providing them with enhanced digital technology education, to ensure people have the skills that employers require. CoLAB companies include Amazon, Capital One, JPMorgan Chase, MedImmune, Monumental Sports & Entertainment, Northrop Grumman, and Under Armour. University partners include: American University, George Mason University, Georgetown University, Johns Hopkins University, University of Maryland, University of Richmond, Virginia Commonwealth University and Virginia Tech. Wes Bush, Partnership board member and former Chairman and CEO of Northrop Grumman serves as the inaugural chair of the Capital CoLAB.
Digital Tech Credential
In March 2019, the Capital CoLAB launched the digital tech credential program with colleges and universities in the Capital Region. The announcement was made at an event hosted with the Business Roundtable, “Driving Talent and Innovation in the Capital Region.” The Digital Tech Credential brings together big employers and higher education institutions in a collaborative effort to develop a skilled workforce for high-tech jobs. The credential was designed with guidance from regional businesses to certify that graduates have taken a series of courses that cover knowledge and skills in certain fields such as statistics, data visualization, and cybersecurity. The CoLAB based the program on 44 types of “knowledge, skills and abilities” that businesses say they want their employees to have to fill high-paying jobs in the age of digital information.
The credential program debuted in 2019 at George Mason University and Virginia Commonwealth University. American University, Georgetown University, the University of Richmond, and Virginia Tech launched their own programs in 2019.
In addition to the generalist credential, the CoLAB plans to offer additional specialized credential programs in cybersecurity, data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning.
References
External links
Organizations based in the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area
The 1980–81 SM-liiga season was the sixth season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 10 teams participated in the league, and Kärpät Oulu won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinal
Kärpät - Ilves 2:0 (5:1, 5:2)
Ässät - HIFK 0:2 (2:6, 4:7)
Semifinal
Tappara - HIFK 3:0 (4:2, 9:3, 11:0)
TPS - Kärpät 2:3 (2:4, 9:5, 6:2, 0:6, 2:3 P)
3rd place
TPS - HIFK 2:0 (4:3 P, 7:6)
Final
Tappara - Kärpät 2:3 (5:2, 1:6, 13:2, 1:6, 2:5)
Relegation
External links
SM-liiga official website
1980–81 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Luis Ricceri (in Italian Luigi Ricceri; May 8, 1901 – June 15, 1989) was a Catholic Roman priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco, who was the 6th Rector Major of that Order between 1965 and 1977. They were the first Superior of the Salesians after the Second Vatican Council, leading a Special Chapter of the Order to update it to the new regulations of the Church. In this context, they used the sentence "Forward with Don Bosco alive today, in order to respond to the needs of our time and the expectations of the Church" that after would become "With Don Bosco and the times." They transferred the Salesian General Headquarters from its original place in Turin to Rome.
References
1901 births
1989 deaths
People from Mineo
Salesians of Don Bosco
20th-century Italian Roman Catholic priests
Religious leaders from the Province of Catania
Fairfield is an unincorporated area in northwest Harris County, Texas, with about of area. It is near U.S. Route 290 and Mason Road. there were 3,652 households.
Composition
the housing prices ranged started at $130,000 and ended in the $700,000s.
Education
The Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District operates public schools.
In 1998 the zoned schools were Ault Elementary School, Arnold Middle School, and Cy-Fair High School. By 2002 Goodson Middle School had opened, taking territory from Arnold Middle. By 2007 Keith Elementary School had opened and began serving portions of Fairfield, along with Ault. All residents were zoned to another middle school, Spillane Middle School. Cy Woods High School, along with Cy-Fair High, now served the community. By 2012 another elementary school began serving Fairfield along with Ault and Keith, Swenke Elementary. In addition Salyards Middle School had been built in Fairfield, and Cy-Ranch High School became the local high school.
Commerce
Area shopping centers include Fairfield Towne Center and Houston Premium Outlets.
References
External links
Fairfield - Friendswood Development Company
- Website from Friendswood Development Company
Fairfield Sports Association
Unincorporated communities in Texas
Unincorporated communities in Harris County, Texas
Jauca 1 is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,177.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Jauca 1 and Jauca 2 barrios was 1,553.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico
"Church in Ruins" is the sixth episode of the second season of the American anthology crime drama television series True Detective. It is the 14th overall episode of the series and was written by series creator Nic Pizzolatto and Scott Lasser, and directed by Miguel Sapochnik. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on July 26, 2015.
The season is set in California, and focuses on three detectives, Ray Velcoro (Colin Farrell), Ani Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) and Paul Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch), from three cooperating police departments and a criminal-turned-business person named Frank Semyon (Vince Vaughn) as they investigate a series of crimes they believe are linked to the murder of a corrupt politician. In the episode, Velcoro, Bezzerides and Woodrugh start their next move in the undercover operation. Meanwhile, Semyon attempts to provide financial support for one of their deceased henchmen.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 2.34 million household viewers and gained a 1.0 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised Sapochnik's directing, performances, and character development, although some that the pacing and lack of progress may not properly conclude all storylines.
Plot
Velcoro (Colin Farrell) confronts Semyon (Vince Vaughn) for giving them the wrong man as their ex-wife's rapist, assuming they used it just for corruption purposes. Semyon claims the man was truly the rapist at the time and even suggests Velcoro was already corrupt before they asked them for the tip. They warn them not to pursue them for the incident as it will bring repercussions, with both men aiming their guns at each other beneath the kitchen table. Before leaving, Velcoro asks Semyon to get them the man who tipped them off, which Semyon says they will do.
As the authorities investigate the shed at Guerneville, Woodrugh (Taylor Kitsch) follows up on the missing diamonds to find that they were part of a cache stolen during a double homicide and robbery in the 1992 riots that orphaned two children. Meanwhile, Semyon and Jordan (Kelly Reilly) visit Stan's widow and son, intending to provide some financial support for their family now that they died. They also talk with Stan's son to help them move on from their father's death. Later, they torture a Mexican thug to meet with a cartel. They make an agreement with the cartel to help find Irina provided the cartel are allowed to move drugs through theirs clubs.
Velcoro visits the real rapist (Marco Rodríguez) in prison and after confirming the encounter, promises to eventually kill him. They later meets Chad (Trevor Larcom) in a supervised visit, but the encounter feels uncomfortable as they need a woman to be present at all times with them. After the visit is over, they go to their house where they start binge drinking and snorting cocaine. They then calls Gena (Abigail Spencer), explaining they will drop the custody battle if they do not take the paternity test, which they agree to do.
Semyon finally contacts Irina, who claims that they stole Caspere's properties but only because they were hired by a man, presumably a police officer. Despite hesitating, they agree to meet with them for more information. They and their henchmen arrive at the location, only to be joined by the cartel and they also discover that they have killed Irina. The cartel will maintain their partnership, explaining that they killed them for talking with the police.
With Woodrugh and Velcoro watching from afar, Bezzerides (Rachel McAdams) infiltrates a secret elite party, posing as their sister. They and other girls are put in a bus and taken to the party. Before meeting the hosts, they are all given drugs to consume. As Bezzerides wanders throughout the mansion, they start hallucinating just as a man takes them During this, Woodrugh inspects the area and catches Osip (Timothy V. Murphy) and Jacob McCandless (Jon Lindstrom) at an office discussing a partnership, with McCandless praising Osip for their involvement in the rail project. After they leave, Woodrugh enters the office and retrieves some documents.
As they are led through the mansion witnessing the orgy, Bezzerides hallucinates a man taunting them from a childhood memory. The effects prompt them to vomit the drugs in a bathroom. As they recover, they finally discover Vera (Miranda Rae Mayo) in the party. Men start grabbing Bezzerides so they stab them, being forced to kill a guard as they escape the mansion. The rendezvous with Woodrugh just as more guards are deployed to catch them. Velcoro arrives in the car and they leave as they are shot by some guards. While Velcoro drives, Woodrugh tells them the documents point to a bigger conspiracy in the rail project.
Production
Development
In June 2015, the episode's title was revealed as "Church in Ruins" and it was announced that series creator Nic Pizzolatto and Scott Lasser had written the episode while Miguel Sapochnik had directed it. This was Pizzolatto's fourteenth writing credit, Lasser's second writing credit, and Sapochnik's first directing credit.
Reception
Viewers
The episode was watched by 2.34 million viewers, earning a 1.0 in the 18-49 rating demographics on the Nielson ratings scale. This means that 1 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. This was a slight decrease from the previous episode, which was watched by 2.42 million viewers with a 1.0 in the 18-49 demographics.
Critical reviews
"Church in Ruins" received positive reviews from critics. The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 75% approval rating for the episode, based on 24 reviews, with an average rating of 7.26/10. The site's consensus states: "A nightmarish scene with Rachel McAdams and a strong performance from Vince Vaughn stand out in 'Church in Ruins', an episode that still suffers from the flaws of True Detectives overarching story in season two."
Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "great" 8.3 out of 10 and wrote in their verdict, "While still not coming close to Season 1's intrigue, business has picked up in the second half of True Detectives Season 2. I even feel like this could all get wrapped up with a bow in one more episode, but, alas, there are two. So I'm not exactly sure what's going to take precedence - the land-grab deal or the individual problems of the main characters?"
Emily L. Stephens of The A.V. Club gave the episode a "B-" grade and wrote, "It's not the philosophical ramble or drawn-out character study of season one. It's a tumble of smut and poison and muddled mystery, a pulpy mess. And it's finally winding up the line that's been playing out all season. It feels like the second season of True Detective is getting to know itself a little bit, or like it knew itself all along and just didn't know it did."
Alan Sepinwall of HitFix wrote, "When you balance the two sides out, there were more individual elements to feel positive about, but the completely inert nature of the mystery remains an enormous problem, even when the performances or direction have moments to shine. Better, but still True Detective season 2." Gwilym Mumford of The Guardian wrote, "This straightforward episode, bookended by two great set pieces, is the easiest to digest so far. But there are still an awful lot of loose ends to tie up." Ben Travers of IndieWire gave the episode a "B" grade and wrote, "One of the problems plaguing True Detective Season 2 has been over-emphasis. Whether you spot it in the writing, direction or line delivery, things have been a little too buy-the-book. For everything that worked about 'Church In Ruins' — and most of it did — there were very few surprises along the way to bolster the well-executed suspense."
Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly wrote, "'Church in Ruins' was the first episode of True Detective this season that I enjoyed from start to finish without much reservation since episode 2. Maybe TV recapping Stockholm Syndrome is kicking in and I'm starting to fall for my captors, but Vince Vaughn's pretentious don't-call-him-a-gangster gangster didn't leave me too bothered or baffled with their pretentious patter, while Colin Farrell's Ray Velcoro didn't make me laugh when they talked outrageously tough." Aaron Riccio of Slant Magazine wrote, "Less is more, and while True Detective must eventually start providing some of the answers to the many questions it has presented over the first two thirds of the season, it can surely find a more subtle, realistic way to do so."
Kenny Herzog of Vulture gave the episode a 3-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "We're getting closer to some version of the truth as it pertains to Caspere's killer, but the tone of this noir fantasy is increasingly, resolutely bitter. The integrity of that jewelry-store heist back in '92 was compromised, no different from the death shack Paul and Ani stumbled on up in the forest. No different from how the abuse Ani suffered at their commune or what Paul endured in Afghanistan has been that thing that's torn them in two, how Ray's actions following Gena's assault have ravaged their conscience, or how parental neglect lead Frank to nihilism as a means of survival. It's no different, for that matter, from the riots themselves splitting Los Angeles in such a fashion that the haves may as well have cloistered themselves off in mansions with Eastern bloc hookers and cocaine while everyone else was left to ruthlessly claim what's theirs. Really, True Detective isn't any one character or city populous's world. It's just the world." Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode a 4.5-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "'Church in Ruins' found missing person, but it doesn't solve a thing. Hands down, this is the best episode so far in a series that's apparently still warming up."
Carissa Pavlica of TV Fanatic gave the episode a 3.5-star rating out of 5 and wrote, "The best thing about this hour was the slight change in pace, switching up the music and letting our characters break out of what has become their standard operating procedure. They should have done it a lot sooner." Ronnie Stiernberg gof Paste gave the episode a 6.5 out of 10 and wrote, "And that, ultimately, remains True Detectives the biggest problem: too many hamfisted backstories, not enough insight as to what exactly is going on and why we're supposed to care. With just two episodes left, it's time for this convoluted plot to get resolved, but is a satisfying ending even a possibility at this point, if the most compelling aspect of the show is a dropped paternity suit?"
References
External links
"Church in Ruins" at HBO
2015 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by Miguel Sapochnik
Television episodes written by Nic Pizzolatto
True Detective episodes
Letizia Cicconcelli (born 7 October 1999) is an Italian group rhythmic gymnast. A member of the national squad since 2015.  They are the 2018 World Group All-around silver medalist and two-time European (2018) Group All-around silver medalist.
Career
Junior
They first appeared in Italian National team in 2013, when they were a member of a junior group which competed at the 2013 European Junior Championships and placed 6th in Group All-around and in 5 Hoops Final as well. A year later, they competed as individual at the 2014 European Junior Championships and took 6th place in Team competition together with teammates Maria Vilucchi, Arianna Malavasi and Ginevra Fiore Parrini. They were the most successful amongst them and qualified for both apparatus finals they competed with. They ended on 6th place with ball and 7th place with ribbon.
Senior
In 2015 they made their senior debut at Italian National Championships where they won the bronze medal in All-Around behind Veronica Bertolini and Alessia Russo. They earned a spot to compete at the 2015 World Championships in Stuttgart, Germany. They and their previously mentioned teammates took 14th place in the Team competition and they placed 52nd in Ribbon Qualifications.
In 2016, they took the silver medal in All-around at Italian National Championships behind Veronica Bertolini. They also took bronze medal in Hoop Final and two silver medals in Ball and Ribbon Final.
In 2018, they joined Italian senior group and replaced injured Beatrice Tornatore at the 2018 European Championships in Guadalajara, Spain and won their first medals from this major international competition. Together with teammates Alessia Maurelli, Martina Centofanti, Agnese Duranti, Anna Basta and Martina Santandrea they won the silver medal in Group All-around and in 3 Balls + 2 Ropes Final, while they took the gold medal in 5 Hoops Final. Later that year they competed at the 2018 World Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria and won the gold medal in 3 Balls + 2 Ropes Final, silver in Group All-around and bronze in 5 Hoops Final. By placing in the top 3 in Group All-around they also qualified for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2019, they and their group won the bronze medal in the 3 Hoops + 4 Clubs Final at the 2019 World Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan.
On 14 June 2021, they announced their retirement from competitive sport due to their back injury.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Italian rhythmic gymnasts
European Games competitors for Italy
Gymnasts at the 2019 European Games
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics European Championships
Medalists at the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Championships
People from Fabriano
Sportspeople from the Province of Ancona
Kalu Onu Kama Onyioha (born in Nkporo, in present day Abia State Nigeria), commonly referred to as K.O.K. Onyioha was the supreme Spiritual leader and founder of Godianism, religion also known as Chiism.
References
Nigerian religious leaders
Founders of new religious movements
Modern Pagans
The Improving America's Schools Act of 1994 (IASA) was a major part of the Clinton administration's efforts to reform education. It was signed in the gymnasium of Framingham High School (MA). It reauthorized the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.
It included provisions or reforms for:
The Title 1 program, providing extra help to disadvantaged students and holding schools accountable for their results at the same level as other students
Charter schools
Safe and Drug-free schools
Eisenhower Professional Development
Major increases in bilingual and immigrant education funding
Impact aid
Education technology and other programs.
Sections of the Law
Title I--Helping Disadvantaged Children Meet High Standards
Title II—Dwight D. Eisenhower Professional Development Program
Title III—Technology For Education
Title IV—Safe And Drug-Free Schools And Communities
Title V--Promoting Equity
Title VI—Innovative Education Program Strategies
Title VII—Bilingual Education, Language Enhancement, And Language Acquisition Programs
Title VIII—Impact Aid
Title IX—Indian, Native Hawaiian, And Alaska Native Education
Title X--Programs Of National Significance
Title XI—Coordinated Services
Title XII—School Facilities Infrastructure Improvement Act
Title XIII—Support And Assistance Programs To Improve Education
Title XIV—General Provisions
External links
Html Copy of the Improving America's Schools Act of 1994, U.S. Department of Education website
PDF Copy of the Improving America's Schools Act of 1994, Federal Education Policy History website
Standards, Assessments and Accountability National Academy of Education
References
clinton4.nara.gov Clinton Administration Education Agenda
cwx.prenhall.com Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965
103rd United States Congress
United States federal education legislation
1994 in education
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Zagłębie Lubin.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
2001 births
Living people
Association football people from Osaka Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football midfielders
Ekstraklasa players
I liga players
III liga players
OKS Stomil Olsztyn players
Zagłębie Lubin players
Stal Mielec players
Japanese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Japanese expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Novo Selo () is a village in the municipality of Mavrovo and Rostuša, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 33 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 33
References
Villages in Mavrovo and Rostuša Municipality
Christmas, Again is a 2014 drama romance written, directed, and produced by Charles Poekel. The film features Kentucker Audley in the lead role as a Christmas-tree salesperson returning to New York City. The film had its premiere at the 2014 Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland and the 2015 Sundance Film Festival in the United States.
Plot
A heartbroken Christmas-tree salesperson returns to New York City hoping to put their past behind him. Living in a trailer and working the night shift, they begin to spiral downwards until the saving of a mysterious woman and some colorful customers rescue them from self-destruction.
Cast
Kentucker Audley as Noel
Hannah Gross as Lydia
Craig Butta as Bluetooth Man
Mario Cantillo as Nighttime Customer
Heather Courtney as Pregnant Wife
Martin Courtney as Husband on Crutches
David Gauld as Wreath Guy
Dakota Goldhor as Plain Wreath Customer
Yvonne Gougelet as Obama Tree Lady
Critical reception
The film has been nominated for several independent film awards including a 2016 Independent Spirit Award.
References
External links
American independent films
Films set in New York City
2014 films
American Christmas films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Double Danger is a 1938 American crime drama directed by Lew Landers, using a screenplay by Arthur T. Horman and J. Robert Bren based on Horman's story. The film stars Preston Foster and Whitney Bourne, with supporting roles by Donald Meek and Samuel S. Hinds. Produced by RKO Radio Pictures, it was released on January 28, 1938.
Plot
Robert Crane is a novelist who is writing a series of novels about "The Gentleman", a jewel thief. The novels are based on a real-life thief who goes by the same name. Crane's good friend, David Theron, is the police commissioner. Theron suspects two people of being The Gentlemen: their friend Crane, and Carolyn Morgan. Theron sets a trap by inviting them both to their house for the weekend, letting it be known that they will be keeping a set of famous jewels, the Konjer diamonds, in their safe. It is Theron's plan to have a duplicate set of false diamonds in their place.
The week prior to the event, Morgan and their accomplice, Taylor, steal the authentic Konjer diamonds from the jeweler, Gordon Ainsley. Learning about the theft, Crane and their partner, Fentriss, steal the stones from Morgan. Since both thieves have already accepted Theron's invitation, if they do not show up for the weekend, they will confirm their suspicions. Theron lets it be known that the diamonds stolen from Ainsley were fakes, and that they are in possession of the real Konjer collection. When the two teams of crooks arrive at Theron's house, Morgan falls for their deception, while Crane does not.
That night, they steal the fake diamonds. Crane, meanwhile has fallen in love with her, and in order to protect her, they return the originals to Theron. Theron suggests to Crane that the two leave the country, and that Crane write the final book in their "The Gentleman" series. Crane and Morgan take them up on their offer.
Cast list
Preston Foster as Robert Crane aka "The Gentleman"
Whitney Bourne as Carolyn Morgan
Donald Meek as Gordon Ainsley
Samuel S. Hinds as Commissioner David Theron
Paul Guilfoyle as Taylor
Cecil Kellaway as Fentriss
June Johnson as Babs Theron
Arthur Lake as Roy West
Edythe Elliott as Edith Theron
Alec Craig as Gardener
Harry Hayden as Dr. Hilliard
Vivian Oakland as Mrs. Cortlandt
Richard Bond as Footman
(cast list as per AFI database)
Production
The original title of this film was The Shadow Speaks, which led some media outlets to incorrectly link the picture with the popular magazine (and later radio) series featuring a character named, "The Shadow". That same year Grand National Films was beginning production on the second of their Shadow film series, starring Rod LaRocque, the working title of which was also The Shadow Speaks (although the final title was International Crime). Later that month, RKO announced that they were changing the title of their film to The Perfect Alibi. The movie went into production on December 2, 1937. By the end of the month the film was in the editing room. At the beginning of January 1938, the title of the picture was changed from The Perfect Alibi to Double Danger. The film was released on January 28, 1938. The National Legion of Decency gave the film an A-2 classification, calling it suitable for adult audiences. Maury Cohen, former founder and president of Invincible Films, had joined RKO in 1936 with great fanfare. This was their sixth and final film for their new studio.
Reception
"A mild crook melodrama..." was how Harrison's Reports described the picture, saying it lacked excitement and suspense, and called the story "far-fetched." Photoplay was more kind to the film, finding it "fascinating", and they particularly enjoyed the performances of Preston Foster and Whitney Bourne. The Motion Picture Herald gave the film a good review, feeling the satirical edge to the piece gave an unusual and pleasing angle to a crime a drama. They applauded Lew Landers' restraint as a director, which kept the film's comedy from becoming to broad, and they also gave credit to the screenplay of Arthur Horman and J. Robert Bren, which they felt had a nice balance of suspense, humor, romance and satire. Motion Picture Daily also gave Double Danger a favorable review, enjoying its mixture of comedy, suspense, and romance. They highlighted Landers' direction, and complimented the acting corps, especially Cecil Kellaway and Samuel Hinds. While they found the storyline weak, The Film Daily thought the film was enjoyable, with good comedic and action sequences. They credited Landers with a good directorial stint, and singled out the performances of Foster, Bourne, Hinds as laudable, and also complimented the work of Paul Guilfoyle, Donald Meek, and Arthur Lake.
References
External links
1938 films
1938 crime drama films
American crime drama films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Lew Landers
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Kansas's 20th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Kansas Senate. It has been represented by Republican Eric Rucker since their appointment in 2018 to replace fellow Republican Vicki Schmidt; Rucker was defeated in the 2020 primary election by State Representative Brenda Dietrich.
Geography
District 20 is based in southern Topeka, also stretching to cover sparsely populated portions of Shawnee and Wabaunsee Counties.
The district is located almost entirely within Kansas's 2nd congressional district, with a small portion extending into the 1st district. It overlaps with the 50th, 51st, 52nd, 53rd, 54th, 55th, and 56th districts of the Kansas House of Representatives.
Recent election results
2020
In 2018, incumbent Vicki Schmidt was elected Kansas Insurance Commissioner, and Assistant Secretary of State Eric Rucker was chosen to replace them
2016
2012
Federal and statewide results in District 20
References
20
Shawnee County, Kansas
Wabaunsee County, Kansas
Ancinidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda.
Genera:
Ancinus Milne Edwards, 1840
Bathycopea Tattersall, 1905
References
Isopoda
Crustacean families
"My Water's On Fire Tonight (The Fracking Song)" is a 2011 American song and accompanying music video about the environmental and public health effects of hydraulic fracturing ("fracking"), a method of extracting gas and oil.
The song was created by Explainer Music, LLC. David Holmes, co-founder of Explainer Music and graduate of Studio 20, a New York University graduate program, used data collected by the investigative journalism group ProPublica to write "My Water's On Fire Tonight". Described by Studio 20 as an "explainer", it is a mini-documentary reflective of explanatory journalism.
Upon its release in 2011, the song and video received notable media attention for utilizing an unusual medium to report news and being one of the first widely received works of its kind, initiating a discussion of whether or not a music video could be considered a viable form of journalism.
The New York Times compared it to Gasland, while Andrew Revkin (also writing in the Times) gave it a "thumbs up" and praised its balanced message ("This is not a 'no fracking' song; it's a song about taking responsibility for our energy choices"). The Huffington Post called it "creative and comprehensive" while Forbes called it an "interesting idea" and PBS noted that it "packs a surprising amount of information" into its short span.
References
External links
"My Water's On Fire Tonight (The Fracking Song)" at Studio 20's Explainer.net
ProPublica's fracking series, used as a basis for the piece
Company Website
2011 songs
American songs
Funk-rap songs
Jeremy Trebas (born June 3, 1984) is an American politician who is serving in the Montana House of Representatives from the 26th district since 2021 and previously in the 25th district from 2017 to 2019.
References
1984 births
Living people
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Republicans
The 2021–22 season was the 102nd season in the existence of Cagliari Calcio and the club's sixth consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Cagliari participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FF0000; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FF0000; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FF0000; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FF0000; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style="background:#000080; color:#FF0000; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
References
Cagliari Calcio seasons
Cagliari
"Barricade" is a song by American rock band Interpol. It was released as the lead single from their self-titled fourth studio album on August 3, 2010. The song peaked at No. 39 on the Billboard Alternative Songs chart and was their fourth appearance on that chart.
Music video
On August 28, the music video was released via the band's Facebook page. It was filmed at Floyd Bennett Airfield in Brooklyn, and directed by Moh Azima. It consists of Daniel Kessler and Sam Fogarino playing in front of mirrors, while Paul Banks sings in front of a projector.
Track listing
Matador — digital download
Matador — promo CD
Charts
References
External links
"Barricade" at punknews.org
2010 singles
Interpol (band) songs
2010 songs
Matador Records singles
Songs written by Carlos Dengler
Songs written by Paul Banks (American musician)
Songs written by Sam Fogarino
Songs written by Daniel Kessler (guitarist)
The women's 78 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 11 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Habu Gumel, Nigeria, member of the International Olympic Committee and the gifts were presented by Lennie Niit, International Judo Federation vice president.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
W78
Judo at the Summer Olympics Women's Half Heavyweight
Women's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympics W78
The Korean Tour is a men's professional golf tour run by the Korea Professional Golfers' Association (KPGA) of South Korea. In 2011, it had total prize money of about US$14 million.
Professional golf in Korea dates back to the mid 20th century. The Korean Professional Golf Championship and the Korean Open were launched in 1958 and the KPGA was founded in 1963. Various other tournaments were created over the following decades.
The KPGA's tours serve as feeders for richer tours around the world. Substantial numbers of Korean golfers have played on the Asian Tour and the Japan Golf Tour, and a few have made it onto the PGA Tour or the European Tour. Notable examples include Yang Yong-eun, who was the first Korean to win a men's major golf championship, and K. J. Choi, the first Korean-born PGA Tour winner whose most notable win was the 2011 Players Championship.
Main tour
In 2011, there were 17 events on the main tour. All this tournament have prize funds of at least 300 million won (approximately US$300,000). Four have prize funds of 1 billion won (US$1 million) while the Ballantine's Championship has a prize fund of 2.2 million euros (approximately US$3.1 million). Total prize money for the tour is approximately 12 billion won (US$12 million).
Until 2011, regular Korean Tour events did not carry Official World Golf Ranking points. The first regular tournament to carry World Rankings Points was the 2011 Twayair Open. Korean Tour events carry a minimum of nine OWGR points for the winner, increased from six in 2016.
Order of Merit winners
The Order of Merit uses a points system, currently called Genesis Points.
2021 Kim Joo-hyung
2020 Kim Tae-hoon
2019 Moon Kyong-jun
2018 Lee Hyung-joon
2017 Choi Jin-ho
2016 Choi Jin-ho
2015 Lee Tae-hee
2014 Kim Seung-hyuk
2013 Ryu Hyun-woo
2012 Lee Sang-hee
2011 Hong Soon-sang
2010 Kim Bi-o
2009 Bae Sang-moon
2008 Kim Hyung-sung
2007 Kim Kyung-tae
2006 Yang Yong-eun
2005 Hur Suk-ho
2004 Yang Yong-eun
2003 K. J. Choi
2002 K. J. Choi
2001 Kang Wook-soon
2000 Kang Wook-soon
1999 Kang Wook-soon
1998 Choi Gwang-soo
1997 K. J. Choi
1996 K. J. Choi
1995 Choi Sang-ho
1994 Choi Sang-ho
1993 Park Nam-sin
1992 Choi Sang-ho
1991 Choi Sang-ho
1990 Lee Kang-sun
1989 Bong Tae-ha
1988 Park Nam-sin
1987 Choi Youn-soo
1986 Choi Sang-ho
1985 Choi Sang-ho
1984 Choi Sang-ho
1983 Choi Sang-ho
1982 Han Chang-sang
1981 Choi Sang-ho
1980 Kim Seung-hack
1979 Han Chang-sang
1978 Cho Tae-woon
Multiple winners
9 times
Choi Sang-ho: 1981, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1986, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995
4 times
K. J. Choi: 1996, 1997, 2002, 2003
3 times
Kang Wook-soon: 1999, 2000, 2001
2 times
Han Chang-sang: 1979, 1982
Park Nam-sin: 1988, 1993
Yang Yong-eun: 2004, 2006
Choi Jin-ho: 2016, 2017
Other KPGA tours
The KPGA launched a developmental tour in 1999. In 2007 there are two developmental tours. Both of them consist of two-day, 36-hole tournaments, and the dates of the tours do not clash. The Bear River Tour consists of ten tournaments with prize funds of 60 million won (US$60,000) each, and the SBS Golf Calloway Tour has eight tournaments with prize funds of 40 million won (US$40,000) each.
The KPGA also runs a senior tour and a series of events for teaching pros. The Korean Senior Open Golf Championship was launched in 1996.
Women's professional golf has a high profile in South Korea, due to the immense international success of Korean women golfers such as Se Ri Pak since the mid-1990s. There is a separate LPGA of Korea Tour for women.
References
External links
English-language version of official site
Korean professionals Shin Yong Jin and Kim Dae Sub play at the Ballantine's Midnight Cup in Orkney, Scotland, stv feature, 19 June 2007.
Professional golf tours
Golf in South Korea
1963 establishments in South Korea
André François Miot de Mélito (1762–1841) was a French statesman and scholar.
Life
They were born at Versailles (Seine-et-Oise) on 9 February 1762. They were a high official in the war office before the Revolution, and under the Republic they eventually became secretary-general for foreign affairs. That they were not denounced under the Reign of Terror was due to the fact that they were indispensable in their department.
In 1795 they were sent as French envoy to Florence, then to Rome, and on their return to Florence received orders to proceed to Corsica, which, after its evacuation by the British, was in a state of anarchy. In Corsica they allied themselves with Joseph Bonaparte, and after pacifying the island returned to Italy. Recalled by the Directory in 1798 because of their refusal to foment insurrection in Italy, they spent some time in retirement, but they were in the diplomatic service in the Netherlands at the revolution of 18 Brumaire (9 November 1799).
Under the Consulate they were secretary-general at the ministry of war, and a member of the council of state, and was sent on a second mission (1801–1802) for the pacification of Corsica. In 1806 they joined Joseph Bonaparte in Naples as minister of the interior, afterwards following them to Spain as Comptroller of the household, but they returned to France in the retreat of 1813. Next year they were created comte de Mélito, and during the Hundred Days they served as Commissary extraordinary with the XII. Army division. They took no part in politics after Waterloo, where their son-in-law, General J. B. Jamin, was killed, and their own son mortally wounded. They visited Joseph Bonaparte in America in 1825, and then spent some years in Germany with their daughter, whose second husband, General von Fleischmann, represented the king of Württemberg in Paris in 1831.
They were admitted in 1835 to the French Academy on the merits of their translations of Herodotus (Paris, 1822) and Diodorus (Paris, 1834-1838). They died in Paris on 5 January 1841.
Miot de Mélito had kept a diary, arranged for publication by their son-in-law, General von Fleischmann, which covers the years from 1788 to 1815, and is of interest for the history of the Bonaparte family and of Joseph's dominion in Spain. Published in France in 1858, it was translated into English by Mrs C. Hoey and J. Lillie (2 vols., 1881); and also into German (Stuttgart, 1866-1867) (see Albert Gaudin, Les Arrétés Miot; Ajaccio, 1896).
References
French civil servants
French diplomats
French classical scholars
French diarists
1762 births
1841 deaths
People from Versailles
José Everardo Cristóbal Quirino (born August 11, 1986 in Urandén, Michoacán) is a Mexican sprint canoeist who has been competing since 2005.
Their first successful international performance was in 2006, when they won the silver medal in C-1 500 m and the gold medal in C-1 1000 m at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games. Later the same year, at the world championships, they surprisingly won the gold medal at C-1 1000 m, becoming the first Mexican to ever do this, and defeating race favorite and olympic medallist Andreas Dittmer, who finished second. For such performance they received the Premio Nacional del Deporte (National Sports Award), which is awarded annually by the Mexican Sports Committee (CONADE - in Spanish). In 2007, they won the gold medal both in C-1 500 m and C-1 1000 m at the 2007 Pan American Games.
Cristóbal competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing in three events (C-1 1000 m, C-2 500 m, and C-2 1000 m), but was eliminated in the semifinal round in each event. Their best finish was sixth in the C-1 1000 m semifinal. At the 2012 Summer Olympics, they competed in two events, the C-1 200 m and the C-1 1000 m, finishing in 20th and 10th respectively.
References
2007 Pan American Games profile
1986 births
Canoeists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Canoeists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Canoeists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Living people
Mexican male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Mexico
Sportspeople from Michoacán
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Mexico
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
Pan American Games medalists in canoeing
Mexican people of Purépecha descent
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Mexico
Central American and Caribbean Games silver medalists for Mexico
Competitors at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in canoeing
Medalists at the 2011 Pan American Games
Robert "Bob" Finley (1922 – March 22, 2019) was an American missionary to Korea, Japan and China, who founded International Students and Christian Aid Mission. They were an early pioneer and champion of what became known as indigenous or native missions, advocating that missionaries nearest to those who need the gospel are the most effective.
Early life
Finley was born in Charlottesville, Virginia in 1922 and attended the University of Virginia. While a student there they became involved in evangelism on campus and founded a large student ministry. In their senior year they became the national inter-collegiate boxing champion. Their fame as a Christian athlete drew large crowds to Youth for Christ rallies where they served alongside Billy Graham as a field evangelist for the new ministry.
After World War II, Bob went to the Far East to hold large evangelistic meetings with Youth for Christ, and was personally supported by Billy Graham. While serving in Korea, China and Japan, Bob caught a vision for supporting native evangelists which they observed to be far more effective than foreigners.
Career
In 1953, Bob founded International Students, for the purpose of reaching college students from other countries who were coming to the United States for studying. They believed that by reaching these elite students, the gospel could be advanced in almost every country. As part of this strategy, Bob formed a division called Christian AID (Assisting Indigenous Developments), to help finance the ministry work of returning students to their country. By 1970 this division had grown to such an extent that it was spun off into a separate organization. Both ministries have grown considerably and become household names in evangelical Christian circles.
References
1922 births
2019 deaths
State Road 29 is an IB-class road in western Serbia, connecting Montenegro at Jabuka with Novi Pazar. It is located in Šumadija and Western Serbia.
Before the new road categorization regulation given in 2013, the route wore the following names: M 8, M 21 and P 231 (before 2012) / 26, A6 and 153 (after 2012).
The existing route is a main road with two traffic lanes. By the valid Space Plan of Republic of Serbia the road is not planned for upgrading to motorway, and is expected to be conditioned in its current state.
Section from Kolovrat to Nova Varoš is a part of European route E763.
Sections
See also
Roads in Serbia
European route E763
References
External links
Official website - Roads of Serbia (Putevi Srbije)
Official website - Corridors of Serbia (Koridori Srbije) (Serbian)
State roads in Serbia
The Iowa State Cyclones women's gymnastics team represents Iowa State University (ISU) and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I. The team is coached by Jay Ronayne, they are in their 11th year at Iowa State. The Cyclones host their home meets at Hilton Coliseum on Iowa State's campus.
History
Iowa State first put together a women's gymnastic team in time for the 1973-1974 season, Char Christiansen lead that squad. Christiansen led the Cyclones to their first Big Eight Conference title in 1975. The Cyclones had limited success through most of the late 1970s and 1980s.
The rebuilding process of the Cyclone program began with the hiring of Head Coach Amy Pyle in 1994. In 2000, their final season, the team won their first Big 12 championship and placed 8th overall at the NCAA Tournament, the highest finish in program history at that point.
After Pyle's retirement, Iowa State hired former letter winner and assistant coach K. J. Kindler, they would go on to be the most successful coach in program history. The highlights of their tenure were making back-to-back NCAA Finals in 2005-2006 and Janet Anson's individual career. In 2006 they won their second Big 12 Championship and made the first and only Super Six in school history. During their collegiate career, Anson was a four-time First Team All-American in vault (twice), floor, and all-around. At the conclusion of the season they left for Oklahoma.
Current Head Coach Jay Ronayne has continued where Kindler left off. Under their leadership the Cyclones have qualified for NCAA Regionals every year and have had ten Big 12 Champions.
Individual Accomplishments
All-Americans
Conference Individual Champions
Facilities
The team practices at the Amy and Dennis Pyle Family Gymnastics Facility that was renovated in 2002. The facility includes an 80-foot divider wall, matting in all uneven bar and balance beam areas, a balance beam dismount pit, cardiovascular elliptical trainers and treadmills, and an open pit vaulting station.
Past Olympians
Ariana Orrego (2016; 2020)
Marina González (2020)
References
College women's gymnastics teams in the United States
Gymnastics, Women's
1970 establishments in Iowa
Sport clubs established in 1970
Hannele may refer to:
Hannele (name), a Finnish female given name
The Assumption of Hannele, also known simply as Hannele, an 1893 play by Gerhart Hauptmann
The 2013–14 Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) Philippine Cup, also known as the 2013–14 PLDT Home DSL/myDSL-PBA Philippine Cup for sponsorship reasons, was the first conference of the 2013–14 PBA season. The tournament started on November 17, 2013 and ended on February 26, 2014. The tournament does not allow teams to hire foreign players or imports.
Format
The following format was observed for the duration of the tournament:
Two-round eliminations, with each team playing 14 games. The teams are divided into two groups on the basis of their natural draft order from the previous rookie draft. Each team will play teams within their group once, while they will play teams from the other group twice.
Group A:
Air21 Express
Alaska Aces
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel
Petron Blaze Boosters
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters
Group B:
Meralco Bolts
San Mig Super Coffee Mixers
Barako Bull Energy
GlobalPort Batang Pier
Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters
Top eight teams will advance to the quarterfinals. In case of tie, playoffs will be held only for the #2 and #8 seeds.
Quarterfinals:
QF1: #1 seed vs #8 seed (#1 seed twice-to-beat)
QF2: #2 seed vs #7 seed (#2 seed twice-to-beat)
QF3: #3 seed vs #6 seed (best-of-3 series)
QF4: #4 seed vs #5 seed (best-of-3 series)
Semifinals (best-of-7 series):
SF1: QF1 vs. QF4 winners
SF2: QF2 vs. QF3 winners
Finals (best-of-7 series)
Winners of the semifinals
Elimination round
Team standings
Schedule
Results
Eighth seed playoff
Bracket
Quarterfinals
(1) Barangay Ginebra vs. (8) Alaska
(2) Rain or Shine vs. (7) GlobalPort
(3) Petron Blaze vs. (6) Barako Bull
(4) Talk 'N Text vs. (5) San Mig Super Coffee
Semifinals
(1) Barangay Ginebra vs. (5) San Mig Super Coffee
(2) Rain or Shine vs. (3) Petron Blaze
Finals
Awards
Conference
Best Player of the Conference: June Mar Fajardo (Petron Blaze Boosters)
Finals MVP: Mark Barroca (San Mig Super Coffee Mixers)
Players of the Week
References
External links
PBA.ph
PBA-Online!
Philippine Cup
2013
Aara may refer to:
Aara, a band from Switzerland
Aare, a river in Switzerland
Ara (drink), a Bhutanese alcoholic beverage
Urumi, a South Asian sword of flexible steel
See also
Aar (disambiguation)
Aare (disambiguation)
Rotondella (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Language
People of Rotondella speak R'tunnar (Rontondellese), a dialect of Basilicata.
Cuisine
U' pastizz 'rtunnar: Prodotto agroalimentare tradizionale (protected traditional food), half moon shaped baked good filled with minced meat.
Fruzz'ul c'a muddica: Frizzuli pasta with fried bread crumbs
Sospiri di Rotondella: Italian pastry made with Italian sponge cake, pastry cream, and glaze
Twin towns
Casalfiumanese, Italy
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Third Éditions is a French publishing house dedicated to video games, founded in 2015 by Mehdi El Kanafi and Nicolas Courcier. Together, in 2010, they already founded the publishing house Console Syndrome, which was then bought by Pix'n Love Éditions. During the four years they worked with Pix'n Love, Mehdi and Nicolas published and often co-wrote many video game essays, such as Zelda: The History of a Legendary Saga, The Legend of Final Fantasy VII and Metal Gear Solid: Hideo Kojima's Magnum Opus. Since 2015, with their new publishing house, Third Éditions, they pursue their editorial approach: to analyze the greatest series in video game history. Thanks to two successful Kickstarter campaigns, they've now reached the international market with English translations of their books.
History
Born in 1984, Mehdi El Kanafi and Nicolas Courcier both grew up in Muret, near Toulouse (France). They tell their story in The Third, the annual Third Éditions's newspaper. While they often crossed each other on a basketball court, their true journey started in middle school. They recount the years spent discussing about their new common interest: video games.
They read a lot of specialized magazines, and once they turned 20, they launched their own fanzine, Console Syndrome, dedicated to video games. After seven issues, Console Syndrome knew a second life through a website also called Console Syndrome.
Once we were free from our studies, we founded our own company in 2010, say the two partners, who managed to seduce some big companies such as Ubisoft. Their first company was bought by Pix'n Love, and then they stood on their own two feet starting from 2014.
In three years only, Third Éditions became a major publishing house dedicated to video games and pop culture in France. Some books, such as Zelda. The History of a Legendary Saga, have sold more than copies.
Third Editions's editorial line is defined that way: Every book is written under three major perspectives: genesis, background, and analysis. The goal is to take a major franchise or game, and professionally strip it down to the core. Going from the gameplay analysis to the lore explanation or even how the sound was intended to work on the player.
Thanks to their first Kickstarter campaign in 2016, which successfully collected €139,296, Third Éditions managed to translate several books in English. Another successful Kickstarter campaign in 2018 allowed them to translate more books from their list.
Books
The Legend of Final Fantasy VI (by Pierre Maugein), 2018
The Legend of Final Fantasy VII (by Mehdi El Kanafi and Nicolas Courcier), 2017
Dark Souls. Beyond the Grave - Volume 1 (by Damien Mecheri and Sylvain Romieu), 2017
Zelda. The History Of A Legendary Saga (by Mehdi El Kanafi and Nicolas Courcier), 2017
Metal Gear Solid. Hideo Kojima's Magnum Opus (by Mehdi El Kanafi, Nicolas Courcier and Denis Brusseaux), 2018
BioShock. From Rapture to Columbia (by Mehdi El Kanafi, Nicolas Courcier and Raphaël Lucas), 2018
References
Interviews
on Nintendojo, 26 March 2018
External links
Official website
Kickstarter Season One
Kickstarter Season Two
Video game companies of France
French companies established in 2015
Field Methods is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Social Sciences. The journal's editor is H. Russell Bernard (University of Florida). It has been in publication since 1989 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
Field Methods is a source of information for scholars, students and professionals alike. The journal publishes articles including descriptions of methodological advances, advice on the use of specific field techniques and help with both qualitative and quantitative methods. The journal also contains essays and book and software reviews.
Abstracting and indexing
Field Methods is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.471, ranking it 33 out of 98 journals in the category ‘Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary'. and 32 out of 85 journals in the category ‘Anthropology'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Francisco José Ventoso Alberdi (born 6 May 1982) is a Spanish former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2020, for the , , , and squads.
Career
Ventoso turned professional with in 2004 before moving to in 2008. They won the 2010 Paris–Brussels in a bunch sprint. On the back their victory in the one-day classic and 3 other stage wins, they were included in the Spanish squad to ride at the World Championships in Geelong.
Major results
2004
1st Stage 1 Tour of Qatar
2005
4th Trofeo Luis Puig
2006
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a España
1st Stage 4a Euskal Bizikleta
2007
4th Gent–Wevelgem
10th Overall Vuelta a Castilla y León
1st Stages 2, 3 & 5
2008
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Castilla y León
4th Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
1st Stage 1
2009
1st Overall Cinturó de l'Empordà
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Overall Tour of Hainan
1st Stage 4
1st Overall Paris–Corrèze
1st Gran Premio Bruno Beghelli
1st Stage 1 Tour du Gévaudan Languedoc-Roussillon
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2010
1st Paris–Brussels
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a Andalucía
1st Stage 2 Ster Elektrotoer
1st Stage 2 Vuelta a la Comunidad de Madrid
2011
Vuelta a Castilla y León
1st Points classification
1st Stages 1 & 2
1st Stage 6 Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 5 Tour Down Under
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Andalucía
2nd Trofeo Palma de Mallorca
2012
1st Road race, National Road Championships
1st Stage 9 Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 4 Circuit de la Sarthe
1st Stage 5 Tour du Poitou-Charentes
2013
5th Trofeo Palma de Mallorca
5th Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
6th Trofeo Campos–Santanyí–Ses Salines
6th Clásica de Almería
8th GP Ouest–France
2014
2nd Trofeo Muro-Port d'Alcúdia
3rd Gran Premio Nobili Rubinetterie
4th Clásica de Almería
8th Trofeo Ses Salines
2017
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a España
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Official profile at
1982 births
Living people
People from Reinosa
Spanish male cyclists
Cyclists from Cantabria
Spanish Vuelta a España stage winners
Spanish Giro d'Italia stage winners
Cyclists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Manfred Räderer is a former German curler.
 They are a .
Teams
References
External links
Living people
German male curlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Witiko or Vitico of Prčice (, ; c. 11201194) was a Bohemian nobleman and liensman of the Přemyslid dynasty. They were the ancestor of the Vítkovci family and the subject of the historical novel Witiko by Adalbert Stifter published in 1867.
Life
A noble Vítek (diminutive from Vít, Vitus) descending from Prčice south of Prague was first documented in an 1134 deed. An alleged relation with the Italian Orsini family, as claimed by their descendants John (1434–1472) and Jošt of Rosenberg (1430–1467), has not been established.
In 1165 they appeared as a cup-bearer, from 1169 to 1175 as seneschal at the court of Duke Vladislaus II of Bohemia. In the winter of 1172 they accompanied the Bishop of Prague on two diplomatic missions to Emperor Frederick Barbarossa. In 1177 they served as a burgrave in Kladsko near the border with Poland. They also fought in the struggle for the Bohemian throne between Duke Vladislaus' eldest son Frederick (Bedřich) and their Přemyslid cousin Soběslav II.
In 1184 Vitico was appointed burgrave in Prácheňsko and was able to acquire extended estates in South Bohemia. They again appeared at the court of Duke Conrad II in 1189. Through their four sons, they were the progenitor of several Vítkovci branches, among them the House of Rosenberg (Rožmberk).
References
Year of birth unknown
1194 deaths
12th-century Bohemian people
Medieval Bohemian nobility
People from Příbram District
Codeine-6-glucuronide (C6G) is a major active metabolite of codeine and may be responsible for as much as 60% of the analgesic effects of codeine. C6G exhibits decreased immunosuppressive effects compared to codeine. During its metabolism, codeine is conjugated with glucuronic acid by the enzyme UDP-Glucuronosyltransferase-2B7 (UGT2B7) to form codeine-6-glucuronide.
See also
Morphine-6-glucuronide
References
Mu-opioid receptor agonists
4,5-Epoxymorphinans
Opioid metabolites
Glucuronide esters
Phenols
Electrocute is an American-German rock group. It was founded by Nicole Morier, a singer from Albuquerque New Mexico, and former member Mia Dime in Berlin, Germany in 2002. The formation was motivated by the explosive electropop/electroclash music scene happening in Berlin at the time.
After releasing one EP and one LP on the now defunct Emperor Norton records, Dime left the band and Morier continued touring, hiring Holly Doll, from Johnson City, Tennessee, to fill in. The two toured extensively throughout Europe, America, and Australia, where they played the Big Day Out festival in 2005 and met Sydney-based DJ Mindy, a.k.a. "Legs Le Brock," who was DJing an afterparty.
Morier eventually moved to Los Angeles and temporarily disbanded the band to pursue their songwriting career. Later, they met up once again with Legs Le Brock, who had also recently relocated to LA. The duo began doing DJ nights, and when Morier was asked by Mexican arts and culture magazine Celeste to tour in Mexico with Electrocute, they invited Le Brock to join them
The duo have since toured Europe, returned to Mexico several times and played to Infest in Santiago, Chile. They also have incorporated other members into their live act, including Bram Inscore (keyboards, samples, programming), Barbara Gruska (drums), Jesse Wood (guitars) and John Kirby (keyboards).
In 2004, the band contributed the track "Bikini Bottom" to The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie soundtrack.
Their song "Kleiner dicker Junge" was prominently featured in the 2005 film The Beat That My Heart Skipped.
In 2008, they released the EP On the Beat featuring the Dutch artist Junkie XL.
Their album Double Diamond was exclusively released in Japan during the Summer of 2009. It features all the tracks from the On The Beat EP as well as six new songs and three instrumentals.
Discography
Full-length albums and EPs
2003 – A Tribute to Your Taste
2005 – Troublesome Bubblegum
2008 – On the Beat
2009 – Double Diamond
2016 – Xmas
2021 – Make Some Noise
Singles
2003 – "Sugar Buzz"
2005 – "Shag Ball"
2005 – "Cops Copulating"
2008 – "Bad Legs"
2008 – "On the Beat"
2008 – "Mad Pursuit" (with Junkie XL)
Other appearances
2004 – "Bikini Bottom" (on The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie soundtrack)
2008 – "Mad Pursuit" (Junkie XL featuring Electrocute) (on 21 soundtrack & FIFA 09)
2021 – "Celebrate Tonight" (in season 1, episode 2 of the Netflix show Guida astrologica per cuori infranti)
2022 – "I Don't Wanna Grow Up" (in season 2, episode 2 of the Netflix show Guida astrologica per cuori infranti)
References
External links
Electrocute: Official Website
MySpace Page
Electrocute Interview by Lucy Hell
LAist
Musical groups established in 2002
Electronic music duos
German electronic music groups
2002 establishments in Germany
Musical groups from Los Angeles
was the pen-name of a novelist in Meiji, Taishō and Shōwa period Japan. Their real name was Kosugi Tamezō.  They are considered the founder of the naturalism movement in modern Japanese literature.
Kosugi was born in what is now Misato, Akita Prefecture. They moved to Tokyo in 1886 to attend the English Law College (the forerunner of Chuo University, but soon dropped out to devote themselves to writing full-time.
The start of their career was hardly auspicious. When they brought a sample of their writing to Mori Ōgai, they were encouraged to “look for another profession”. Undeterred, they visited Ozaki Kōyō, who confided to Izumi Kyōka that Kosugi would “never realize their ambition” to become a novelist. However, in 1890, Kosugi became a disciple of literary critic and satirical author Saitō Ryokuu, and began writing political novels under Saitō's direction.
They were hired by the literary magazine Shincho gekan in 1897, but was transferred by the magazine to the newspaper Hōchi Shimbun.
They published their first novel, Hatsusugata, a story about a geisha and their relationship with men from different social strata in 1900. They followed with a sequel, Hayariuta, in 1902, which was one of their most successful works. Kosugi attempted to write in a realistic and objective manner, without intruding the thoughts or comments of the author into the story narrative, which was considered rather revolutionary for the time. In the forward to Hatsusugata, they commented that they "seeks to move the reader not by the unusual, but by what is normal and average.". Familiar with Zola and other French authors, their experimentation towards realism is considered a forerunner of a Japanese style of naturalism. Although often compared to their contemporary, Nagai Kafū, Kosugi has been criticized for having two-dimensional characters who meet predictable fates based on family or environmental situations.
Kosugi was elected to the Japan Art Academy in 1948. In their later years, they also turned towards the genre of historical fiction.
Their grave is at the sub-temple of Myōkō-in, at Kenchō-ji in Kamakura.
See also
List of Japanese authors
References
Hijiya-Kirschnereit, Irmela. Rituals of self-revelation: shishōsetsu as literary genre and socio-cultural phenomenon. Harvard University Asia Center (1996).
Notes
1865 births
1952 deaths
Writers from Akita Prefecture
19th-century Japanese novelists
20th-century Japanese novelists
Chuo University alumni
Wyoming Highway 76 (WYO 76) is a long east–west Wyoming state highway in Carbon County that travels from Rawlins to Sinclair.
Route description
Highway 76 is the former routing of U.S. Routes 30 and 287 and still closely parallels their new route on Interstate 80. Highway 76 begins its west end at exit 215 of I-80 / US 30 / US 287 and the eastern terminus of I-80 Business / US 30 Business. Highway 76 heads east, running south of the interstate, but closely paralleling it until the town of Sinclair where I-80 / US 30 / US 287 pass over Highway 76 as it turns north and heads into town as S. 9th Street. At just over 4 miles, WYO 76 turns east on Lincoln Avenue (Exit 219 can be reached by heading west on Lincoln Avenue). Highway 76 continues east through the town of Sinclair as Lincoln Avenue, but now is on the north side of I-80. Shortly after leaving the town center, WYO 76 nears exit 221 of I-80/US 30/US 287 where it ends at 6.54 miles
Exit 215 of Interstate 80 does not mention Highway 76, but there are trailblazer signs along its routing.
History
In 1938, Highway 76 started out as the designation for Battle Mountain Road, which is the present-day routing of Highway 70 between Baggs and Riverside. At that time, the Highway 70 designation was applied to the current routing of Highway from Walcott Junction south into Saratoga, then south through Riverside into Colorado, then northeast into Laramie via Woods Landing.
Today's current routing of Highway 76 is the former alignment of US 30 / US 287 between I-80 (Exit 215) at Rawlins east to the East Sinclair interchange of I-80 (Exit 221).
Major intersections
References
Official 2003 State Highway Map of Wyoming
External links
Wyoming State Routes 000-099
WYO 76 - I-80/US 30/US 287 to I-80/I-80 Bus/US 30/US 287/US 30 Bus
City of Rawlins website
Carbon County-Town of Sinclair website
Transportation in Carbon County, Wyoming
076
U.S. Route 30
U.S. Route 287
Rawlins, Wyoming
Gregory de la Haba (born 1979) is an American interdisciplinary artist, writer, curator and cultural producer. Their work explores themes of addiction, contemporary notions of masculinity and duende.
Biography
De la Haba was born in Astoria, Queens. They received a BLA from Harvard University in 1993 where they graduated cum laude. In 1998 de la Haba married Teresa Maher, heiress to the legendary pub McSorley's Old Ale House. De la Haba was commissioned to paint Maher's portrait by their father Matty Maher to commemorate them being the first female bartender in the bar's 165 year history. De la Haba continues McSorely's long tradition of attracting notable artists and writers like John Lennon, e.e. Cummings, Robert Henri, John Sloan and George Bellows by hosting literary events with contemporary writers like Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Franz Wright, Micah Ling, Douglas Light, Kevin O'Hara, Rob Sedgwick, Jack Brown, TJ English, John Reed, Jeffrey Wright, Joseph O'Connor, and Richard Stratton, among others.
Career
De la Haba's work has been exhibited at galleries and art fairs world-wide, including META Gallery, Monaco, France; East End Collected4, Southampton Arts Center; Design Week Milan; Elga Wimmer Gallery, New York, NY; Mykonos Biennale 2014; Salzach Biennial, Salzburg Arts Festival; Queens International 4, Queens Museum; Kunsthaus Tacheles, Contemporary Istanbul; SCOPE Art Show; Art Basel, Miami and Art Southampton. In 2009 De la Haba was the Artist-in-Residence at Jack the Pelican Presents. In 2004 de la Haba exhibited their McSorley's Sketchbook Series at New York University's Glucksman Ireland House, with an accompanying exhibition catalogue essay written by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Frank McCourt. De la Haba is represented by Geuer & Geuer Art GmbH, Dusseldorf, Germany.
Projects
Since 2008, de la Haba has produced art-related ventures through their creative platform Bodega de la Haba. Curatorial projects include, Danny Minnick: Liquefied Troubles, 2018, Geuer & Geuer Art GmbH, Dusseldorf, Germany; Frieze Frame: Important Paintings by American Artist Judy Rifka, A 40 Year Retrospective: Paintings from 1974-2016, 2016, Amstel Gallery at The Yard; Leon Löwentruat: Träumereien, 2016, Avant Garde LES in New York, NY; John Havens Thornton: 50 Years of Painting: 1964-2014, 2016, Amstel Gallery, New York, NY; Who Shot Natalie White?, 2016, Featuring Peter Beard, Olivier Zahm, Michael Dweck, Max Snow, Will Cotton, Anna Bloda, Spencer Tunick, and Natalie White, ROX Gallery, New York, NY; Magnificent Obsession: The Early Paintings of Abstract Expressionist Joann Gedney (1948-1963), 2014, ROX Gallery, New York, NY; Pacific/Current, 2014, Featuring Andy Moses, Michael Torquato de Nicola, Martin Durazo, Gregory Siff, and Casper Brindle; (e)merge Art Fair, Washington, DC; What Rules: Featuring Kathy Grayson, Laura O'Reilly, Gregory de la Haba, & Lee Wells, 2014, Cutlog, New York, NY; and Colette Lumiere, Justine's Reverse Pop Series, 1978-1983, 2013, The Yard, New York, NY. As a patron of the arts, de la Haba sponsored The Beatles Complete On Ukele Awards with David Barrett, 2011 at Bowery Hotel, New York, NY, and in 2009 they established the Carlos Collazo Scholarship at Artes Plasticas in San Juan, PR, in honor of the artist who died of AIDS in 1989.
Film and Theater
Theater productions include, Hazel: Made In Belfast, 2014 by Terrence Browne, which premiered at Carnegie Hall; Fishing for Paradise, 2014, by Michael Gorman, painting and sculpture by Gregory de la Haba, La MaMa; How And Why I Robbed My First Cheese Store, 2011, by Michael Gorman with Installation by Gregory de la Haba, La MaMa. Film productions include Water Time: Surf Travel Diary of a Madman, 2014 by Allan Weisbecker.
Writing
De la Haba's writings and artworks have been featured in The New York Times, Southampton Review, Rizzoli's Irish America, NY Arts Magazine, Whitehot Magazine and Quiet Lunch. From 2014-2018 the artist co-owned and published Whitehot Magazine and Quiet Lunch. Currently, de la Haba is the International Editor for the art and culture magazine, Portray. In the Summer of 2020, their memoir, Curriculum Vitae: A Journey from Montauk, Elsewhere and Back, will be published by C&R Press. As a publisher, De la Haba has worked with several contemporary art writers including Anthony Haden-Guest, Shana Nys Dembrot, Paul Laster and Kara Rooney, among others.
External links
Official website
Gregory de la Haba on IMDb
References
American male painters
Harvard University alumni
1979 births
20th-century American painters
Living people
20th-century American male artists
Language learning or language acquisition is the process by which humans acquire the capacity to use language.
Language learning may also refer to:
Language Learning (journal), a scholarly journal covering language acquisition and learning
Second language learning, the process of learning a second language and the scientific discipline studying that process
Language education, the process and practice of teaching or learning a second or foreign language through study
Language processing, the mental process by which humans create and understand language
See also
Language (disambiguation)
Learn (disambiguation)
Janina Maria Orlov, (born 10 February 1955) is a Finnish-Swedish translator of literature. They took their PhD in the Russian language in 2005 at Åbo Akademi with a text about Pushkin's The Tale of Tsar Saltan. Orlov translates books from Russian and Finnish to Swedish and specializes in children's books and youth literature, but also regular literature.
In 2015, Janina Orlov won a 15,000 Euro prize for their work with Finnish literature.
They were married to Ulf Stark.
Bibliography
Texten som kalejdoskop: en läsning av A. S. Pusjkins "Sagan om tsar Saltan". Åbo: Åbo Akademis publishers. Libris 10025554. (2014)
References
External links
1955 births
Finnish translators
Living people
Swedish-speaking Finns
Åbo Akademi University alumni
Nazário is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
Nazário is located 74 km. west of the state capital, Goiânia a few kilometers west of the Rio dos Bois, a major tributary of the Paranaíba River. The regional center, Anicuns, is 21 km to the northwest. Highway connections from Goiânia are made by state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, Santa Bárbara de Goiás, and then 12 kilometers west to Nazário. Neighboring municipalities are Turvânia, Anicuns, Avelinópolis, and Santa Bárbara de Goiás
Demographics
In 2007 there were 6,702 people living in the urban area and 521 living in the rural area. The population has increased by about 1,000 people since 1980. Between 2000 and 2007 the geometric population growth rate was 1.23.%.
The economy
The economy was based on agriculture, cattle raising, services, and a small number of modest transformation industries. There was 1 meat-packing plant—Gelnex Indústria e Comércio Ltda—and 1 banking institution—Banco Itaú S.A.
In 2007 there were 39,600 head of cattle. The main agricultural products were rice, bananas, coffee, sugarcane, beans, oranges, manioc, and corn. Corn was the only crop with more than 1,000 planted hectares.
Health and education
The health sector was modest with 1 hospital (18 beds). The infant mortality rate was 16.30, well below the national rate of 35.0 in 2000. the educational sector was composed of
The school system had 6 schools and 2,236 students (2006). There were no institutions of higher learning. The adult literacy rate was 87.0%, higher than the national average of 86.4% in 2000.
History
The name of the town comes from the first name of its founder, Nazário de Pereira Oliveira, who first settled in the region in the nineteenth century.
They built the first house at the meeting of the waterways Córrego dos Buriti and Rio dos Bois. Later a chapel was erected in honor of Our Lady of the Conception. Moved by religious faith several families arrived and by 1930 the settlement took on the name of Nazário. At first it was a district of the now extinct municipality of Novo Horizonte, which later, in 1938 became Anicuns. In 1948 Nazário got its emancipation and became an independent municipality. Source: Sepin
Ranking on the Municipal Human Development Index
MHDI: 0.765
State ranking: 47 (out of 242 municipalities)
National ranking: 1,459 (out of 5,507 municipalities)
For the complete list see frigoletto.com.br
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Sepin
Municipalities in Goiás
The Brigade Mixte Mobile (BMM) is the paramilitary secret police of Cameroon. Headquarters are in N'Kondengue, near the capital of Yaoundé.
The brigade operates a number of prisons for political prisoners in the country.
References
Law enforcement agencies of Cameroon
Branko Bedekovič (born 14 March 1973) is a Slovenian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1973 births
Living people
Slovenian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Slovenia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Celje
Neosho County (standard abbreviation: NO) is a county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 15,904. The county seat is Erie.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1861, Neosho County was established.
The first railroad was built through Neosho County in 1870.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Allen County (north)
Bourbon County (northeast)
Crawford County (east)
Labette County (south)
Montgomery County (southwest)
Wilson County (west)
Woodson County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,997 people, 6,739 households, and 4,683 families residing in the county. The population density was 30 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 7,461 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 94.90% White, 0.87% Black or African American, 0.98% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 1.05% from other races, and 1.86% from two or more races. 2.91% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,739 households, out of which 31.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.40% were married couples living together, 8.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.50% were non-families. 27.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.70% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 25.40% from 25 to 44, 22.50% from 45 to 64, and 17.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,167, and the median income for a family was $38,532. Males had a median income of $26,906 versus $19,387 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,539. About 10.00% of families and 13.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.60% of those under age 18 and 10.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Neosho County is a mostly Republican county. Only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present have resulted in Republicans failing to win the county, with the last of these being in 1964. However, like the rest of the four most southeasterly Kansas counties, Democrats have maintained a sizable presence, but not enough to win the county.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1998, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Erie-Galesburg USD 101, serves the communities of Erie, Galesburg, Stark.
Southeast USD 247, serves primarily portions of Crawford and Cherokee counties, but also includes small portions of Labette and Neosho counties.
Chanute USD 413
Chetopa–St. Paul USD 505
Cherryvale-Thayer USD 447
Communities
Cities
Chanute
Earlton
Erie
Galesburg
Stark
St. Paul
Thayer
Unincorporated communities
Kimball
Leanna (on Allen County line)
Morehead
Odense
Rollin
Shaw
South Mound
Urbana
Townships
Neosho County is divided into twelve townships. The city of Chanute is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Neosho County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Neosho County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 53 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Neosho County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Neosho County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1861 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1861
Alojzów may refer to:
Alojzów, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Alojzów, Hrubieszów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Alojzów, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
H. C. Watson House is a historic home located at Rockingham, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built about 1885, and remodeled in the early-1900s in the Classical Revival style. It is a two-story, frame dwelling with a truncated slate hipped roof with a widow's walk and two stories pedimented portico with fluted Ionic order columns. It features a formal wraparound porch and attached porte cochere. Also on the property are the contributing frame, gabled three-car garage, a small barn, and detached cookhouse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1885
Houses in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
The Wilson Log House is an historic house in rural Macon County, North Carolina. It is a single story log structure, located west of Highlands, on the west side of State Route 1621 (Hickory Gap Road), 1.4 miles northwest of its junction with Route 1620. It was built c. 1882 by Jeremiah Wilson, and is one of a small number of period log buildings to survive in the county. The house remained in the Wilson family until the 1950s. It measures about 18' by 20', and is constructed from logs with dovetail joins, and red mud chinking. Its interior consists of a single large chamber, with a stair rising on one side to a loft area under the gable roof. At some point a frame addition was added to the rear of the house, but that has since been removed.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998, at which time it was undergoing a historically sensitive restoration.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Macon County, North Carolina
References
Log houses in the United States
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1882
Houses in Macon County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Macon County, North Carolina
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
The composite reflectivity is the maximum dBZ reflectivity from any of the reflectivity angles of the NEXRAD weather radar. The reflectivity on individual PPI angles show the precipitation intensity at that specific angle above the horizon. Some of these angles are .5, 1.45, 2.4, and 3.35 degrees with the Doppler radar having up to 14 angles when it's in Severe Mode. In the Composite, the highest intensities amongst those available in the different angles above each point of the image will be displayed. In the Canadian weather radar network, this is called MAXR, for Maximum reflectivity in the column.
Use
When compared to the base angle reflectivity, the lowest angle of elevation sounding, the composite reflectivity, including higher elevation scan information, may appear to indicate more widespread rain. This could indicate one of two things:
Virga: the precipitation (rain or snow) is probably not reaching the ground but evaporating as it falls from very high in the atmosphere. This is a regular situation in winter as snowflakes can easily sublimate in dry air near the ground.
Strong updrafts: air rising in a thunderstorm updraft will saturate at higher level than the rest of the cloud forming an overhang region. In case of a very strong updraft, a Bounded weak echo region (BWER) will form and lead to the possibility of severe weather.
External links
Oklahoma Climatological Survey Training Materials - Composite Reflectivity
http://weather.noaa.gov/radar/radinfo/radinfo.html
References
Radar meteorology
A random r-regular graph is a graph selected from , which denotes the probability space of all r-regular graphs on vertices, where and is even. It is therefore a particular kind of random graph, but the regularity restriction significantly alters the properties that will hold, since most graphs are not regular.
Properties of random regular graphs
As with more general random graphs, it is possible to prove that certain properties of random –regular graphs hold asymptotically almost surely. In particular, for , a random r-regular graph of large size is asymptotically almost surely r-connected. In other words, although –regular graphs with connectivity less than exist, the probability of selecting such a graph tends to 0 as increases.
If is a positive constant, and is the least integer satisfying
then, asymptotically almost surely, a random r-regular graph has diameter at most d. There is also a (more complex) lower bound on the diameter of r-regular graphs, so that almost all r-regular graphs (of the same size) have almost the same diameter.
The distribution of the number of short cycles is also known: for fixed , let be the number of cycles of lengths up to . Then they are asymptotically independent Poisson random variables with means
Algorithms for random regular graphs
It is non-trivial to implement the random selection of r-regular graphs efficiently and in an unbiased way, since most graphs are not regular. The pairing model (also configuration model) is a method which takes nr points, and partitions them into n buckets with r points in each of them. Taking a random matching of the nr points, and then contracting the r points in each bucket into a single vertex, yields an r-regular graph or multigraph. If this object has no multiple edges or loops (i.e. it is a graph), then it is the required result. If not, a restart is required.
A refinement of this method was developed by Brendan McKay and Nicholas Wormald.
References
Random graphs
Regular graphs
The Riven Kingdom is the second novel in the Godspeaker series by Karen Miller.
Plot summary
For hundreds of years, the small island kingdom of Ethrea sat in the middle of a precariously balanced treaty agreement that ensured peace. With the king on their deathbed, and no male heirs, Princess Rhian must find a way to keep the kingdom out of the hands of the evil Prolate Marlan, and prevent a war.
2007 Australian novels
Novels by Karen Miller
Australian fantasy novels
Novels set on islands
HarperCollins books
, operating under the brand name FE, is a Japanese electrical equipment company, manufacturing pressure transmitters, flowmeters, gas analyzers, controllers, inverters, pumps, generators, ICs, motors, and power equipment.
History
Fuji Electric was established in 1923 as a capital and technology tie-up between Furukawa Electric, a spinoff from Furukawa zaibatsu company, and Siemens AG. The name “Fuji” is derived from Furukawa's “Fu” and Siemens' “Ji”, since German pronunciation of Siemens is written jiimensu in Japanese romanization. The characters used to write Mount Fuji were used as ateji.
In 1935, Fuji Electric spun off the telephone department as Fuji Tsushinki (lit. Fuji Communications Equipment, now Fujitsu).
Divisions and products
Power and social infrastructure
Nuclear power-related equipment
Solar power generation systems
Fuel cells
Energy management systems
Smart meters
Industrial infrastructure
Transmission and distribution equipment — joint venture with Schneider Electric
Industrial power supply equipment
Industrial drive systems
Heating and induction furnace equipment
Plant control and measurement systems
Radiation monitoring systems
Power electronics
Inverters/servo systems
Transportation power electronics
Uninterruptible power supply systems
Power conditioners
Power distribution and control equipment
Electronic devices
Power semiconductors
Photoconductive drums
Magnetic disks
Food and beverage distribution
Vending machines
Retail distribution systems
Currency handling equipment
Freezing and refrigerated showcases
Source
References
External links
Fuji Electric Group
List of Fuji Electric Systems Distributors
Wiki collection of bibliographic works on Fuji Electric
Electronics companies of Japan
Electrical equipment manufacturers
Electrical engineering companies of Japan
Electrical wiring and construction supplies manufacturers
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning companies
Vending machine manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Tokyo
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Electronics companies established in 1923
Japanese companies established in 1923
Japanese brands
Furukawa Group
Pump manufacturers
Electric motor manufacturers
Love Liza is a 2002 American drama (described as a tragicomedy, or a "comic tragedy" on the film's posters) directed by Todd Louiso and starring Philip Seymour Hoffman, Kathy Bates, Jack Kehler, Wayne Duvall, Sarah Koskoff and Stephen Tobolowsky.
Plot
Wilson Joel's (Philip Seymour Hoffman) wife Liza (Annie Morgan) has, for an inexplicable reason, died by suicide. Wilson's one-night discovers a sealed letter from their wife, which they believe to be their suicide note. In their grief-stricken state and with the added stress of finding the letter, which they cannot bring themselves to open and read, they form an addiction to inhaling gasoline fumes ("huffing"). Their mother-in-law Mary Ann (Kathy Bates) tries their best to help their son and deal with their own loss at the same time. They become increasingly anxious to know the contents of the letter, but Wilson refuses to open it.
To hide their addiction from their coworker Maura (Sarah Koskoff), they inform them that the petrol smell in their house is from their hobby of flying remote-controlled planes. To try to engage an ever-distant Wilson, Maura asks their brother-in-law, Denny (Jack Kehler), a radio control (RC) hobbyist, to visit Wilson. Knowing Denny will soon visit him, Wilson heads to an RC hobbyist shop to buy a plane, and learns that model planes run on Glow fuel instead of gasoline.
When Maura eventually confesses their attraction to Wilson, they run away from them and begins a road trip to New Orleans. They grow more disoriented as they huff on the trip, and stumbles upon an RC competition in Slidell, Louisiana. Wilson goes swimming in the lake, disrupting the RC boat races. Denny greets them on the shore with a towel, and explains to all the upset racers that Wilson just lost their wife to suicide.
Denny drives Wilson back home. Along the way, they encourage Wilson to open Liza's letter, but they are horrified when Wilson wants to do it in front of him. Wilson's addiction grows out of control, and they lose a work opportunity when a client discovers them huffing glow fuel with neighborhood kids.
After breaking into Mary Ann's house to get pictures of Liza, Wilson finds them alone holding Liza's letter. They return home with the letter and finally opens it. Their late wife's final wish is for Wilson to find someone else to love in life, while holding onto them in their heart. After they read the final words of the letter, "Love, Liza," Wilson strikes a match and burns the letter. The gas fumes in the house ignite their clothes. Wilson peels them off and throws them to the ground, only igniting more fumes on the carpet. In their underwear, they walk out of their burning house down the road in the middle of traffic.
Cast
Production
Filming
Much of the film was shot in Mobile, Alabama.
Reception
Jordan Hoffman of Vanity Fair noted the way the film "tackled depression and substance abuse in a dark-as-hell comedy that takes on an additional layer of sadness [after Hoffman's death]". Rex Reed of the New York Observer praised Hoffman's performance, believing that it could have the same kind of impact on their career as Leaving Las Vegas had for Nicolas Cage. However, A. O. Scott of The New York Times stated that Hoffman's "omnipresence is something of a mixed blessing", given that the protagonist is "more a state of feeling than a character".
Love Liza was released in a small number of movie theaters and earned $210,000.
References
External links
2002 films
American comedy-drama films
Films about drugs
Films about suicide
Films shot in New Orleans
Films shot in Mobile, Alabama
Tragicomedy films
2002 comedy-drama films
Films about depression
Films about grieving
Sony Pictures Classics films
2002 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
Films directed by Todd Louiso
2000s American films
The current state flag of South Australia, was officially adopted by the government of South Australia in 1904.
The flag is based on the defaced British Blue Ensign with the state badge located in the fly. The badge is a gold disc featuring a piping shrike with its wings outstretched. The badge is believed to have been originally designed by Robert Craig, a teacher at the School of Arts in Adelaide, and officially gazetted on 14 January 1904.
Previous flags
The first flag of South Australia was adopted in 1870. It too was a defaced British Blue Ensign but with a black disc in the fly containing the Southern Cross and the two pointers (Alpha and Beta Centauri).
South Australia then adopted a second flag in 1876, also a Blue Ensign, with a new badge. The badge design was an artistic rendition of the arrival of Britannia (a white woman in flowing garb and holding a shield, representing the new settlers) meeting an Aboriginal sitting with a spear on a rocky shoreline. A kangaroo appears to be carved into the rocks behind the Aboriginal. This flag was adopted after a request from the Colonial Office for a new design over the old one due to its similarity to the flags of New Zealand and Victoria.
Proposal for a new flag
On 29 October 2016, a motion to adopt a new, "more multicultural" state flag was passed at the South Australian Labor Party conference. The State Government did not act on this proposal before Labor lost office at the 2018 state election.
Governor's flag
The Governor of South Australia, being the representative of the South Australian head of state, the Queen of Australia, is officially granted a flag for use on all official occasions. It is identical in design and construction to the flag of South Australia, except that it features a St. Edward's Crown above the badge to represent vice-regal power.
See also
Coat of arms of South Australia
List of Australian flags
Flags of the Governors of the Australian states
References
External links
The State Flag of South Australia
1870 flag
1904 establishments in Australia
Flags introduced in 1904
Emblems of South Australia
South Australia
South Australia
Society in South Australia
Flags displaying animals
Jan Kolář may refer to:
Jan Kolář (ice hockey, born 1981), Czech ice hockey player
Jan Kolář (ice hockey, born 1986), Czech ice hockey player
Ján Kollár (1793–1852), Slovak writer
Caddo Lake () is a lake and bayou (wetland) on the border between Texas and Louisiana, in northern Harrison County and southern Marion County in Texas and western Caddo Parish in Louisiana. The lake is named after the Southeastern culture of Native Americans called Caddoans or Caddo, who lived in the area until their expulsion in the 19th century. It is an internationally protected wetland under the Ramsar Convention and includes one of the largest flooded cypress forests in the United States. Caddo is one of Texas's few non-oxbow natural lakes and is the second-largest in the South; however, it was artificially altered by the addition of a dam in the 1900s.
Formation
According to Caddo legend, the lake was formed by the 1811–12 New Madrid earthquakes. There may be some truth to the legend, as Reelfoot Lake in Tennessee was formed by that earthquake. Most geologists feel the lake was formed, either gradually or catastrophically, by the "Great Raft", a 100-mile (160-km) log jam on the Red River in Louisiana, possibly by flooding the existing low-lying basin.
History
Caddo Lake has been utilized by Native Americans for thousands of years, but substantial commercial development would only begin with invention of the steamboat and US annexation of Louisiana and Texas by treaty (Texas is the only State in the United States to have joined by treaty instead of annexation) in the 19th century. The cities of Port Caddo, Swanson's Landing, and Jefferson in Texas, and Mooringsport in Louisiana, had thriving riverboat ports on the lake. Gradually as the log jams were removed in the lake and on the Red River by Captain Henry Miller Shreve and then by the Army Corps of Engineers, the lake changed shape and eventually fell over 10 feet, destroying the East Texas ports and their riverboat industry.
Industry once again came to Caddo Lake with the discovery of oil beneath it. The world's first over water oil platform was completed in Caddo Lake in 1911. The Ferry Lake No. 1 was erected by Gulf Refining Company. The well bottomed at and produced .
Oil derricks sprang up throughout the lake, around the turn of the 20th century, further damaging the fragile ecosystem. The oil industry left Caddo for richer fields at Kilgore and other locations in Texas. Texas tried to preserve parts of Caddo in 1934 by establishing a state park, constructed by the WPA. The establishment of the Longhorn Army Ammunition Plant on the shores of Caddo, in the mid-20th century, polluted large portions of the surrounding wetlands until its closure in the 1990s. Most of the former plant site is now a federal wildlife refuge.
An ecologist named Lionel Janes conducted a survey of Caddo Lake (called Ferry Lake at the time) in 1913 and 1914. Based on an examination of cross-sections of bald cypress and hardwood trees and many dead stumps they estimated that the lake came into existence sometime between 1770 and 1780.
Wildlife
Wildlife inhabiting Caddo Lake includes owls, snakes, frogs, waterfowl, bobcats, river otters, beavers, eagles, and alligators.
Preservation efforts
In 1993 Caddo Lake preservation entered a renaissance, with the announcement that 7,000 acres (28 km²) of Caddo purchased by the Nature Conservancy were to be merged with the 483 acre (2 km²) Texas Caddo Lake State Park to become the Caddo Lake State Park and Wildlife Management Area. As a result of efforts by the Caddo Lake Institute (co-founded by Don Henley and Dwight K. Shellman), in October 1993 Caddo Lake became one of thirteen areas in the United States protected by the Ramsar Convention. As of 2003 Caddo Lake flora and fauna consisted of 189 species of trees and shrubs, 75 grasses, 42 woody vines, 216 kinds of birds, 90 fish and reptiles, and 47 mammals. One of these species, Crataegus opaca or mayhaw, produces fruit which is used for making jelly. Forty-four of Caddo's native species were either endangered, threatened or rare. From 2001 until 2003 Caddo Lake residents fought a legal battle with the City of Marshall, Texas over water rights.
Voices advocating preservation of Caddo Lake included rocker Don Henley, singer and songwriter for The Eagles.
Current threat
The lake is currently "under siege" by a fast-spreading, Velcro-like aquatic fern, Salvinia molesta, also known as Giant Salvinia. Accidentally introduced to the lake by boaters, the noxious weed doubles in size every two to four days, rapidly killing off life below the surface. Most of the growth of the plant is currently on the Louisiana side, where officials have been focused on recovering from damage caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005.
Efforts at removing the weed have included biological means via beetles that normally eat the weed but cannot survive the Texas cold and now include herbicide. The Texas Water Resource Institute's Caddo Lake Salvinia Eradication Project is evaluating multiple methods of eradication.
Texas Bigfoot
Since 1965 Texas's Caddo Lake has had hundreds of alleged Bigfoot sightings according to the North American Wood Ape Conservancy (NAWAC), as reported in the Travel Channel 2006 documentary Bigfoot.
Cities and towns on Caddo Lake
Karnack, Texas
Mooringsport, Louisiana
Oil City, Louisiana
Uncertain, Texas
Gray, Texas
See also
Caddo Lake State Park
List of lakes in Louisiana
List of lakes in Texas
References
Bagur, Jacques D. 2001. A History of Navigation on Cypress Bayou and the Lakes. The University of North Texas Press, Denton, TX
Keeland, B.D. and P.J. Young. 1997. Long-term growth trends of baldcypress (Taxodium distichum (L.) Rich.) at Caddo Lake, Texas. Wetlands 17(4): 559/566.
King, S.L., B.D. Keeland, and J.L. Moore.Beaver lodge distributions and damage assessments in a forested wetland ecosystem in the southern United States. Forest Ecology and Management 108(1-2).
External links
North American Wood Ape Conservancy
Travel Channel Website
Reservoirs in Texas
Reservoirs in Louisiana
Protected areas of Caddo Parish, Louisiana
Protected areas of Harrison County, Texas
Protected areas of Marion County, Texas
Ramsar sites in the United States
Wetlands and bayous of Louisiana
Wetlands of Texas
Bodies of water of Caddo Parish, Louisiana
Bodies of water of Harrison County, Texas
Bodies of water of Marion County, Texas
The Journal of Applied Psychology is a monthly, peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. The journal emphasizes the publication of original investigations that contribute new knowledge and understanding to fields of applied psychology (other than clinical and applied experimental or human factors, which are more appropriate for other American Psychological Association journals). The journal primarily considers empirical and theoretical investigations that enhance understanding of cognitive, motivational, affective, and behavioral psychological phenomena." The editor-in-chief is Lillian Eby (University of Georgia).
The journal has implemented the Transparency and Openness Promotion (TOP) Guidelines. The TOP Guidelines provide structure to research planning and reporting and aim to make research more transparent, accessible, and reproducible.
Abstracting and indexing
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 7.429.
Journal of Applied Psychology is indexed in:
PsycINFO
MEDLINE
SCOPUS
References
External links
Journal of Applied Psychology.
American Psychological Association academic journals
Publications established in 1917
Applied psychology journals
Monthly journals
Admiral Sir John David Luce, (23 January 1906 – 6 January 1971) was a Royal Navy officer. They fought in the Second World War as a submarine commander before taking part in the Dieppe Raid and becoming Chief Staff Officer to the Naval Forces for the Normandy landings. They also commanded a cruiser during the Korean War. They served as First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff in the mid-1960s and in that role resigned from the Royal Navy along with Navy Minister Christopher Mayhew in March 1966 in protest over the decision by the Labour Secretary of State for Defence, Denis Healey, to cancel the CVA-01 aircraft carrier programme.
Naval career
Born the son of Rear Admiral John Luce and Mary Dorothea Luce (née Tucker), Luce was educated at the Royal Naval College, Dartmouth. They joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1919 and, having been promoted to midshipman on 15 January 1924, they went to sea in the battleship .
Promoted to sub-lieutenant on 30 January 1927, Luce trained as a submarine specialist in 1927 and was posted to the submarine in April 1928. Promoted to lieutenant on 16 October 1928, they transferred to the submarine in October 1929. They joined the battleship in the Mediterranean Fleet in December 1930 and became First Lieutenant in the submarine on the China Station in September 1933. Having attended the Submarine Command Course in Summer 1935, they were given command of the submarine in August 1935. Promoted to lieutenant commander on 16 October 1936, they attended the Royal Naval Staff College in Spring 1937 and then became Staff Officer (Operations) for the 4th Submarine Flotilla on the China Station in January 1938. They were given command of the submarine in December 1938 and the submarine in March 1939.
Luce served in the Second World War, initially in command of the Rainbow and then, from June 1940, in command of the submarine . The hazardous patrols they undertook in these submarines led to them being awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) on 12 November 1940. Promoted to commander on 31 December 1940, they were posted to the Plans Division of the Admiralty in March 1941 and then became Naval Raid planner on the staff of the Naval Adviser at Combined Operations Headquarters. They took part in the Dieppe Raid in August 1942 for which they were appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire on 2 October 1942 and was appointed Chief Staff Officer to the Naval Forces for the Normandy landings in June 1944 as a result of which they won a Bar to their DSO on 14 November 1944. They went on to be Executive Officer of the cruiser in the British Pacific Fleet in August 1944 and was promoted to captain on 30 June 1945.
After the war, Luce became Chief of Staff (Operations) to the Commander-in-Chief, British Pacific Fleet. They went on to be Commanding officer of Royal Naval Air Station Ford in September 1946 and became deputy director of Plans at the Admiralty in December 1948. After that they became Commanding Officer of the cruiser in 1951 and then commanded the cruiser in 1952 in coastal bombardment operations during the Korean War for which they were mentioned in despatches on 19 May 1953.
Luce became Director of the Royal Naval Staff College in March 1953 and was appointed Naval Aide-de-Camp to the Queen on 7 July 1954 before moving on to be Naval Secretary in August 1954. Promoted to rear admiral on 7 January 1955, they became Flag Officer, Flotillas for the Home Fleet in August 1956 and, having been appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath in the 1957 New Year Honours and promoted to vice admiral on 31 January 1958, they became Flag Officer, Scotland and Northern Ireland in July 1958. Advanced to Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 1960 New Year Honours, they became Commander-in-chief, Far East Fleet in April 1960 and, having received promotion to full admiral on 22 August 1960, they became Commander-in-Chief of British Forces in the Far East and UK Military Adviser to the Southeast Asia Treaty Organization in November 1962. They were advanced to Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in the 1963 Birthday Honours.
Luce became First Sea Lord and Chief of the Naval Staff in August 1963. They resigned from the Royal Navy along with Navy Minister Christopher Mayhew on 15 March 1966 in protest over the decision by the Labour Secretary of State for Defence, Denis Healey, to cancel the CVA-01 aircraft carrier programme.
Later career
In retirement, Luce became President of the Royal Naval Association. They were appointed an Officer of the Venerable Order of Saint John on 3 January 1969. They died, less than five years after their resignation from the Navy, at Lansdown Nursing Home in Bath, Somerset on 6 January 1971.
Family
In 1935, Luce married Mary Adelaide Norah Whitham; they had two sons. Their younger brother, Sir William, was Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Aden (1956–1960). William's son, Richard Luce, Baron Luce, was a Conservative MP (1971–1992), Governor of Gibraltar (1997–2000) and Lord Chamberlain (2000–2006).
References
|-
|-
|-
1906 births
1971 deaths
Graduates of the Royal Naval College, Greenwich
First Sea Lords and Chiefs of the Naval Staff
Royal Navy admirals
Royal Navy officers of World War II
Royal Navy submarine commanders
Royal Navy personnel of the Korean War
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Grand Officers of the Order of Aviz
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Lords of the Admiralty
Military personnel from Wiltshire
The caloric theory is an obsolete scientific theory that heat consists of a self-repellent fluid called caloric that flows from hotter bodies to colder bodies. Caloric was also thought of as a weightless gas that could pass in and out of pores in solids and liquids. The "caloric theory" was superseded by the mid-19th century in favor of the mechanical theory of heat, but nevertheless persisted in some scientific literature—particularly in more popular treatments—until the end of the 19th century.
Early history
In the history of thermodynamics, the initial explanations of heat were thoroughly confused with explanations of combustion. After J. J. Becher and Georg Ernst Stahl introduced the phlogiston theory of combustion in the 17th century, phlogiston was thought to be the substance of heat.
There is one version of the caloric theory that was introduced by Antoine Lavoisier. Prior to Lavoisier's caloric theory, published references concerning heat and its existence, outside of being an agent for chemical reactions, were sparse only having been offered by Joseph Black in Rozier's Journal (1772) citing the melting temperature of ice. In response to Black, Lavoisier's private manuscripts revealed that they had encountered the same phenomena of a fixed melting point for ice and mentioned that they had already formulated an explanation which they had not published as of yet. Lavoisier developed the explanation of combustion in terms of oxygen in the 1770s. In their paper "Réflexions sur le phlogistique" (1783), Lavoisier argued that phlogiston theory was inconsistent with their experimental results, and proposed a 'subtle fluid' called caloric as the substance of heat. According to this theory, the quantity of this substance is constant throughout the universe, and it flows from warmer to colder bodies. Indeed, Lavoisier was one of the first to use a calorimeter to measure the heat released during chemical reaction. Lavoisier presented the idea that caloric was a subtle fluid, obeying the common laws of matter, but attenuated to such a degree that it is capable of passing through dense matter without restraint; caloric's own material nature is evident when it is in abundance such as in the case of an explosion.
In the 1780s, some believed that cold was a fluid, "frigoric". Pierre Prévost argued that cold was simply a lack of caloric.
Since heat was a material substance in caloric theory, and therefore could neither be created nor destroyed, conservation of heat was a central assumption. Heat conduction was believed to have occurred as a result of the affinity between caloric and matter thus the less caloric a substance possessed, thereby being colder, attracted excess caloric from nearby atoms until a caloric, and temperature, equilibrium was reached.
Chemists of the time believed in the self-repulsion of heat particles as a fundamental force thereby making the great fluid elasticity of caloric, which does not create a repulsive force, an anomalous property which Lavoisier could not explain to their detractors.
Radiation of heat was explained by Lavoisier to be concerned with the condition of the surface of a physical body rather than the material of which it was composed. Lavoisier described a poor radiator to be a substance with a polished or smooth surface as it possessed its molecules lying in a plane closely bound together thus creating a surface layer of caloric which insulated the release of the rest within. They described a great radiator to be a substance with a rough surface as only a small amount of molecules held caloric in within a given plane allowing for greater escape from within. Count Rumford would later cite this explanation of caloric movement as insufficient to explain the radiation of cold becoming a point of contention for the theory as a whole.
The introduction of the caloric theory was influenced by the experiments of Joseph Black related to the thermal properties of materials. Besides the caloric theory, another theory existed in the late eighteenth century that could explain the phenomenon of heat: the kinetic theory. The two theories were considered to be equivalent at the time, but kinetic theory was the more modern one, as it used a few ideas from atomic theory and could explain both combustion and calorimetry. Caloric theory's inability to explain evaporation and sublimation further led to the rise of kinetic theory through the work of Count Rumford. Count Rumford observed solid mercury's tendency to melt under atmospheric conditions and thus proposed that the intensity of heat itself must stem from particle motion for such an event to occur where great heat was not expected to be.
Successes
Quite a number of successful explanations can be, and were, made from these hypotheses alone. We can explain the cooling of a cup of tea in room temperature: caloric is self-repelling, and thus slowly flows from regions dense in caloric (the hot water) to regions less dense in caloric (the cooler air in the room).
We can explain the expansion of air under heat: caloric is absorbed into the air, which increases its volume. If we say a little more about what happens to caloric during this absorption phenomenon, we can explain the radiation of heat, the state changes of matter under various temperatures, and deduce nearly all of the gas laws.
Sadi Carnot, who reasoned purely on the basis of the caloric theory, developed their principle of the Carnot cycle, which still forms the basis of heat engine theory. Carnot's analysis of energy flow in steam engines (1824) marks the beginning of ideas which led thirty years later to the recognition of the second law of thermodynamics.
Caloric was believed to be capable of entering chemical reactions as a substituent inciting corresponding changes in the matter states of other substances. Lavoisier explained that the caloric quantity of a substance, and by extent the fluid elasticity of caloric, directly determined the state of the substance. Thus, changes in state were a central aspect of a chemical process and essential for a reaction where the substituents undergo changes in temperature. Changes of state had gone virtually ignored by previous chemists making the caloric theory the inception point for this class of phenomena as a subject of interest under scientific inquiry.
However, one of the greatest apparent confirmations of the caloric theory was Pierre-Simon Laplace's theoretical correction of Sir Isaac Newton's calculation of the speed of sound. Newton had assumed an isothermal process, while Laplace, a calorist, treated it as adiabatic. This addition not only substantially corrected the theoretical prediction of the speed of sound, but also continued to make even more accurate predictions for almost a century afterward, even as measurements became more precise.
Later developments
In 1798, Count Rumford published An Experimental Enquiry Concerning the Source of the Heat which is Excited by Friction, a report on their investigation of the heat produced while manufacturing cannons. They had found that boring a cannon repeatedly does not result in a loss of its ability to produce heat, and therefore no loss of caloric. This suggested that caloric could not be a conserved "substance", though the experimental uncertainties in their experiment were widely debated.
Their results were not seen as a "threat" to caloric theory at the time, as this theory was considered to be equivalent to the alternative kinetic theory. In fact, to some of their contemporaries, the results added to the understanding of caloric theory.
Rumford's experiment inspired the work of James Prescott Joule and others towards the middle of the 19th century. In 1850, Rudolf Clausius published a paper showing that the two theories were indeed compatible, as long as the calorists' principle of the conservation of heat was replaced by a principle of conservation of energy. In this way, the caloric theory was absorbed into the annals of physics, and evolved into modern thermodynamics, in which heat is usually transfer of kinetic energy of particles (atoms, molecules) from a hotter to a colder substance.
In later combination with the law of energy conservation, the caloric theory still provides valuable physical insight into some aspects of heat, for example, the emergence of Laplace's equation and Poisson's equation in the problems of spatial distribution of heat and temperature.
Notes
References
Obsolete theories in physics
History of chemistry
History of thermodynamics
Bhāṇakas (Pali: reciter) were Buddhist monks who specialized in the memorization and recitation of a specific collection of texts within the Buddhist canon. Lineages of bhāṇakas were responsible for preserving and transmitting the teachings of the Buddha until the canon was committed to writing in the 1st century BC, and declined as the oral transmission of early Buddhism was replaced by writing.
Early Buddhist era
Academic consensus and Buddhist tradition holds that all early Buddhist traditions preserved their texts via oral transmission – significant evidence of this includes the structure and distinctive features of early Buddhist texts, the absence of Vinaya regulations dealing with writing and writing materials, and terms derived from practices of listening and recitation used to describe the Buddha's teaching and the acts of the early Sangha.
The bhāṇaka system is believed to have originated in India, but the majority of the literary and inscriptional evidence relating to bhāṇakas comes from Sri Lanka. Scholars suspect that the same techniques were used by the monks of all early Buddhist schools to fix and transmit the contents of the Agamas, but outside of the Theravada tradition little information about the pre-literary period of these traditions is available. The earliest evidence for the association of monks known as bhāṇaka with knowledge and recitation of specific parts of the Buddhist canon dates to the 2nd or 3rd century BCE.
All schools of Buddhism agree that shortly after the death of the Buddha, a council of their senior students was held to clarify and record their teachings. At this gathering (known as the First Buddhist Council), Upali was questioned regarding the contents of the Vinaya and Ananda was similarly questioned regarding the Dhamma. Once the council had agreed on the contents of the teachings, they acknowledged their acceptance of the sutras by reciting them together.
Subsequent major and minor councils are depicted as following the same basic procedure to compare, correct, and fix the contents of the canon, with specialists in each area of the collection called upon to recite the complete text for confirmation by the gathered Sangha.
Theravada tradition
Buddhaghosa reported that according to the oral tradition of the Mahavihara, each of the four Nikayas were entrusted to an individual elder of the early Sangha and their students for preservation. Ananda was given responsibility for the Digha Nikaya, Sariputta for the Majjhima Nikaya, Mahakassapa for the Samyutta Nikaya, and Anuruddha for the Anguttara Nikaya.
Scholars doubt that the sutras and four Nikayas were established in their final form this early, with K.R. Norman suggesting that this story may be a reflection of later practices. Some texts of the Theravada Abhidhamma Pitaka and Khuddaka Nikaya clearly originate after the First Council, but Theravadins have generally regarded portions of the Abhidhamma as being included at this stage as part of the dhamma/suttas. Texts known to have relatively late origins (after the Third Council) are included in the Theravada accounts of the First Council. Texts that did not fit into any of the four Nikayas were assigned to the Khuddaka (which included the Abhidhamma in some traditions).
In the Theravada commentaries, references are found to bhāṇakas that specialized in each of the four Nikayas, as well as Jataka-bhāṇakas, Dhammapada-bhāṇakas, and Khuddaka-bhāṇakas. Each group of bhāṇakas was responsible for reciting and teaching their texts, and seem to have exercised independent judgement as to how their texts were organized and the versions of stories and doctrines that they preserved – variant readings between versions of content preserved in both the Digha Nikaya and Majjhima Nikaya, for instance, may be attributable to the preservation of different versions by different schools of bhāṇakas. Different schools of bhāṇakas may have 'closed' their canon at different times, and seem to have differed in some cases in which texts of the Khuddaka Nikaya and Abhidharma Pitaka they accepted as canonical.
Stupa inscriptions from India dating to the 2nd century BCE mention bhāṇakas who specialized in teaching the sutras or knew the four Nikayas/Agamas but do not represent them as specializing in a single Nikaya. By contrast, cave inscriptions from Sri Lanka ranging in date from the 3rd century BCE to the 1st century CE make specific references to monks who specialized in the Samyutta Nikaya, Majjhima Nikaya, or Anguttara Nikaya. Roles as bhāṇaka of a particular Nikaya were passed down from teacher to student.
KR Norman suggests that the Theravada practice of organizing bhāṇakas by Nikaya may not have originated until after the Second Buddhist Council. The Dipavamsa mentions a 'nine-fold' organization of the early texts being divided into individual chapters at the First Council, which may reflect an earlier method of organization.
References to abhidhammikas (specialists in the Abhidhamma) but not to Abhidhamma-bhāṇakas in the Milindapanha may suggest that the bhāṇaka system originated before the Abhidhamma Pitaka was 'closed' by the Theravadins (dated by them to the era of Ashoka at the Third Buddhist Council) but, since the Abhidhamma may have been recited by some variety of sutta-bhāṇaka, could also indicate that being a specialist in a branch of texts was distinct from being responsible for its recitation.
Decline
No fixed date has been established for the end of the bhāṇaka tradition, but scholars generally believe that the tradition went into decline as the Buddhist canon increasingly began to be preserved through written texts. Buddhaghosa wrote about the bhāṇakas as though they were contemporary in approximately the 5th century CE, but may have been reflecting the perspective of the earlier Sinhala commentaries – their remarks do not definitively establish that the bhāṇaka practice persisted into their own era.
The Culavamsa refers to a bhāṇaka as late as the 13th century CE, but by this date the term may have become generic for a preacher or specialist in recitation, rather than a monk who preserved a significant portion of the canon by memory.
See also
Oral tradition
References
Tripiṭaka
Theravada
Early Buddhism
Buddhist religious occupations
Buddhist titles
Oral tradition
Marius Papšys (born 13 May 1989, in Klaipėda, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays as a right winger for FK Atlantas.
Club career
In 2006, Papšys signed for second tier Lithuanian side FK Vilnius. During their time there, they were loaned out to Interas-AE Visaginas where they made 16 appearances.
In 2009, they signed with Russian side FC Amkar Perm, but they only managed to make the reserves side. Shortly after, they signed with their hometown club FK Klaipėda where they scored two goals in 19 games.
In 2010, they transferred to Gambrinus liga side 1. FK Příbram where they played for the following two and a half seasons.
On 27 February 2017, Papšys agreed with Lithuanian A Lyga team Stumbras. They left the club after three months.
International career
On 7 June 2011 Papšys made their debut for the Lithuania national football team in a friendly match against Norway.
References
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Klaipėda
Lithuanian footballers
Lithuania international footballers
Lithuania under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
A Lyga players
FC Vilnius players
Interas-AE Visaginas players
FK Sirijus Klaipėda players
FK Atlantas players
FK Klaipėdos Granitas players
FC Stumbras players
Russian Premier League players
FC Amkar Perm players
Czech First League players
1. FK Příbram players
Liga I players
Sepsi OSK Sfântu Gheorghe players
Lithuanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Lithuanian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Call Me by My Name is the sixth studio album by British soul singer Ruby Turner, released in October 1998. Turner co-wrote five songs and enlisted the help of rhythm and blues luminaries Bobby Tench, Zoot Money, Stan Webb and Bad Company bassist Boz Burrell.
Track listing
"Call Me by My Name" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams) 4:38
"Reassure Me" (Bowers) 4:17
"Suspicious Again" (Milton, Ruby Turner) 4:17
"Just Say the Word" (Besencon, Michele Vice) 4:35
"Brand New World" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams) 5:03
"Breath I Need" (Milton, Turner) 4:44
"You Were Never Mine" (Delbert McClinton, Gary Nicholson, Benmont Tench) 3:52
"My Intuition Tells Me" (Ebanks) 4:54
"Let Me Show You (My Mistakes)" (Duke, McClinton) 4:47
"Alone Here Tonight" (Milton, Ruby Turner) 3:14
"Last on My List (No More)" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams} 4:14
"Could You Need Me Too" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams) 3:59
"There for You" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams) 4:47
"All Shall Be Well" (Ruby Turner, Andrew G. Williams) 4:47
Personnel
Musicians
Ruby Turner – vocals, backing vocals
Boz Burrell – bass
Sam Kelly – drums
Zoot Money – keyboards, backing vocals
Bobby Tench – electric guitar, vocals
Stan Webb – guitar
Andy G. Williams – piano
Production
Zoot Money – producer
Phil Rogers – Design
Harry Shapiro – Liner Notes
Del Taylor – Executive Producer
Adrian Zolotuhin – Engineer
External links
1998 albums
Ruby Turner albums
Marcos Antônio Cezar (born 27 June 1970) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santa Catarina (state)
Mariya Pavlovna Barabanova () (November 3, 1911 in Saint Petersburg – March 7, 1993 in Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian stage and film actor. People's Artist of the RSFSR (1991).
Filmography
Late for a Date (1936) – Mail delivery girl
The New Moscow (1938) – Olya
Vasilisa the Beautiful (1939) – Bell-ringer
Doctor Kalyuzhnyy (1939) – Yevgraf Timofeyevich
We from the Urals (1943) – Kapa Khorkova
The Russian Question (1947) – Meg
Town People (1975) – Lady in queue
Finist, the brave Falcon (1975) – Nenila, jolly-old lady
How Ivanushka the Fool Travelled in Search of Wonder (1977) – Baba Yaga
About the Little Red Riding Hood (1977) – 2nd Evil old lady
The Nightingale (1979) – Dishwasher
Sailors Have No Questions (1980) – Passerby
The Donkey's Hide (1982) – Blind old lady
Secret of the Blackbirds (1983) – Mrs. Mackenzie
Snake Catcher (1985) – Shop spy
After the Rain, on Thursday (1985) – First nanny
The Tale about the Painter in Love (1987) – Baba Yagishna
Defence Counsel Sedov (1988) – Supplicant
Sons of Bitches (1990) – Busygin's mother
Awards
Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1970)
People's Artist of the RSFSR (1991)
References
External links
1911 births
1993 deaths
20th-century Russian actores
Actresses from Saint Petersburg
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
People's Artists of the RSFSR
Russian film actores
Russian stage actores
Russian television actores
Soviet film actores
Soviet stage actores
Soviet television actores
Burials at Novodevichy Cemetery
The following is a list of University of North Texas College of Music faculty
Faculty
Samuel Adler
Elie Apper
Violet Archer
Larry Austin
Colin Bailey
Wilfred Bain
Joseph Banowetz
Robert Blocker
Emanuel Borok
Jeff Bradetich
Leon Breeden
Anshel Brusilow
Leonard Candelaria ‡
Eugene Corporon
Eugene Conley
Richard Croft ‡
Lella Cuberli
Richard Dufallo
Willard Elliot ‡
Merrill Ellis
Marjorie Fulton
John Giordano ‡
Carroll Glenn
Floyd Graham ‡
Gene Hall ‡
David Itkin
Otto Kinkeldey
Tosca Kramer
William P. Latham
Martin Mailman
Rich Matteson
Maurice McAdow
Mary McCormic
Eliza Jane McKissack
Cindy McTee
Dika Newlin
Norbert Nozy
Adolfo Odnoposoff
Jack Petersen ‡
Darhyl S. Ramsey
Debra Richtmeyer
Jim Riggs ‡
Jay Saunders ‡
Silvio Scionti
Lynn Seaton
Geoffrey Simon
Ed Soph ‡
Richard Sparks
Vladimir Viardo
Joelle Wallach
Steve Wiest ‡
‡ Alumni
See also
List of University of North Texas College of Music alumni
List Of Faculty
Lists of people by university or college in Texas
The Directorate of Telecommunication and Communication was Turkey's telecom authority prior to being shut down in August 2016. The organization's acronym in Turkish "TIB" had become synonymous for internet censorship by the time of closure due to its appearance on tens of thousands of internet block pages. It was part of the Information and Communication Technologies Authority, which is now directly responsible for duties previously tasked to the directorate.
Its 2014 blocking of Twitter was ruled to be unconstitutional.
See also
Internet regulation in Turkey
References
Communications authorities
2005 establishments in Turkey
2016 disestablishments in Turkey
Regulation in Turkey
Donald Thomas Harwin (born 5 July 1964) is an Australian politician. They were the New South Wales Special Minister of State and the Minister for the Public Service and Employee Relations, Aboriginal Affairs, and the Arts in the second Berejiklian ministry since April 2019; and the Vice-President of the Executive Council, and the Leader of the Government in the Legislative Council since January 2017 in the Berejiklian government. They briefly resigned from their roles with effect from 15 April 2020, however was reinstated on 3 July 2020.
Harwin was a member of the New South Wales Legislative Council representing the Liberal Party from 27 March 1999 until their resignation on 22 March 2022.
Harwin has previously served as the Minister for the Arts, the Minister for Resources and the Minister for Energy and Utilities in the first Berejiklian ministry, from January 2017 until March 2019; and served as the twentieth President of the New South Wales Legislative Council between May 2011 and January 2017.
Early years and background
Harwin was born to parents Don and Evelyn Harwin. They joined the Liberal Party in Lugarno and the Young Liberals in Earlwood in 1983 and graduated from the University of Sydney in 1985 with a Bachelor of Economics (Honours). While at university, Harwin was a member of the Sydney University Liberal Club and subsequently had life membership conferred by that club.
In 1987, Harwin commenced working as an assistant on electoral matters in the office of Ron Phillips. Harwin worked for a number of ministers in the Greiner and Fahey Liberal governments between 1988 and 1990 and 1991 and 1995. Between 1988 and 1990, Harwin was NSW President of the Young Liberal movement, becoming a member of the State Executive of the NSW branch of the Liberal Party during the same period. Harwin was re-elected to the Liberal Party State Executive, serving between 1994 and 2000. Appointed the Assistant Campaign Director of the NSW Liberal Party between 1990 and 1991, Harwin became a public affairs consultant between 1995 and 1999.
They take a strong interest in psephological matters as well as political history, frequently providing strategic advice to the Liberal party on State and Federal redistribution processes. They have also contributed two chapters to the book Social Justice: Fraud or Fair Go? edited by Dr Marlene Goldsmith. They also contributed "1971 State General Election" to The People's Choice (Volume III), edited by Hogan and Clune, "Sir Joseph Carruthers" to The Premiers of NSW (Volume II), edited by Clune and Turner, and "Women in the NSW Coalition Parties" (with Jenny Gardiner MLC) to No Fit Place for Women, edited by Brennan and Chappel.
Political career
Pre-selected for the sixth position on the joint Liberal–National coalition election ticket for the 1999 NSW state election, Harwin was elected as a Member of the New South Wales Legislative Council, being the thirteenth candidate elected at that election. Serving an eight-year term, Harwin was re-elected at the 2007 NSW state election, at which they were the seventh candidate elected. They continued to serve as opposition whip in the Legislative Council.
Harwin was elected Opposition Whip on 3 April 2003 following the retirement of John Jobling . Harwin was also appointed a Trustee of the Parliamentary Contributory Superannuation Fund. In 2000, they raised the issue of unsafe railway tracks in the Illawarra region, claiming that trains could only run at twenty kilometres because of faulty maintenance.
Following their re-election, Harwin served as Deputy Chair of the Procedure Committee and had successfully moved a motion in the Upper House to create a Select Committee on Electoral and Political Party Funding, of which they served as Deputy Chair. Following the election of the O'Farrell-Stoner Liberal/National coalition government, Harwin was elected President of the Legislative Council and chair of the Procedure Committee. In a submission to the Senate Standing Committees on Legal and Constitutional Affairs in regards to the Marriage Equality Amendment Bill 2010, they expressed their strong support for legal equality for same-sex couples. In reference to calls for civil unions they stated "The establishment by government of a new and separate institution for same-sex couples only compounds rather than resolves this issue of inequality." On 19 June 2014, in their role as President of the Legislative Council, they controversially used the powers under Standing Order 192 to eject a Greens MP, Jeremy Buckingham, from the chamber until the end of the sitting after the MP accused them of "running interference" in defence of government members during Question Time.
In October 2016, in the wake of the release of taped conversations where U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump bragged about their fame allowing them to grope women, a motion was tabled by Greens Legislative Councillor Jeremy Buckingham to condemn the Republican nominee's statements. The motion included the statement that the NSW parliament "agrees with those who have described Mr Trump as 'a revolting slug' unfit for public office". As the president of the upper house, Harwin allowed the term "revolting slug" to stand as suitable parliamentary language. The motion was passed.
Following the resignation of Mike Baird as Premier, Gladys Berejiklian was elected as Liberal leader and sworn in as Premier. The first Berejiklian ministry was subsequently formed. Harwin resigned as President of the Legislative Council and was subsequently sworn in as the Minister for Resources, the Minister for Energy and Utilities, the Minister for the Arts, and the Vice-President of the Executive Council with effect from 30 January 2017. Following the 2019 state election Harwin was sworn in as the Special Minister of State, the Minister for Public Services and Employee Relations, Aboriginal Affairs and the Arts, and the Vice-President of the Executive Council in the second Berejiklian ministry with effect from 2 April 2019. They continued in their previous role as the Leader of the Government Business in the Legislative Council.
Harwin resigned as Minister of the Arts on 10 April 2020, effective 15 April 2020, after being fined for supposedly defying the ban on non-essential travel during the COVID-19 pandemic in Australia. On 3 July 2020, their fine was dismissed and their ministerial and parliamentary portfolios were reinstated.
On 18 December 2021 Harwin announced that they opted not to be considered in the new ministry due to personal reasons. Harwin resigned from the Legislative Council on 22 March 2022.
Personal life
In a speech to the Legislative Council on 20 November 2014, Harwin publicly disclosed that they are gay.
See also
First Berejiklian ministry
Second Berejiklian ministry
References
1964 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Politicians from Sydney
University of Sydney alumni
Presidents of the New South Wales Legislative Council
LGBT legislators in Australia
Gay politicians
21st-century Australian politicians
21st-century LGBT people
Imma nephallactis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Venezuela.
The wingspan is 17–20 mm. The forewings are grey or fuscous sometimes variably sprinkled or suffused with white, sometimes strongly violet tinged. There is a black variably interrupted line beneath the costa from the base to the middle, edged beneath anteriorly by a fine pale yellowish line, and a dark fuscous or blackish costal spot at one-fourth, and sometimes one near the base, sometimes confluent. A thick irregular dentate dark fuscous line runs from this spot, not reaching the dorsum, usually cut by a fine white line on the submedian fold and there is a dark fuscous or blackish transverse mark in the disc at two-thirds, terminating beneath in a round suffused spot, and two spots on the costa before the middle and at two-thirds separated by a white space, the whole sometimes merged into a large semi-oval dark fuscous costal blotch reaching two-thirds of the way across the wing. There are two or three dark fuscous subdorsal marks and a series of dark fuscous or blackish marks from four-fifths of the costa to the tornus, angulated above the middle, where there is a larger spot, and sometimes a dark fuscous streak running from the discal mark through the angle to the termen. A waved-dentate pale terminal line is preceded by a dark fuscous shade. The hindwings are rather darker posteriorly, especially in males.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of South America
The IBM A2 is an open source massively multicore capable and multithreaded 64-bit Power ISA processor core designed by IBM using the Power ISA v.2.06 specification. Versions of processors based on the A2 core range from a 2.3 GHz version with 16 cores consuming 65 W to a less powerful, four core versions, consuming 20 W at 1.4 GHz.
Design
The A2 core is a processor core designed for customization and embedded use in system on chip-devices, and was developed following IBM's game console processor designs, the Xbox 360-processor and Cell processor for the PlayStation 3.
A2I
A2I is a 4-way simultaneous multithreaded core which implements the 64-bit Power ISA v.2.06 Book III-E embedded platform specification with support for the embedded hypervisor features. It was designed for implementations with many cores and focusing on high throughput and many simultaneous threads. A2I was written in VHDL.
The core has 4×32 64-bit general purpose registers (GPR) with full support for both little and big endian byte ordering, 16 KB+16 KB instruction and data cache and is capable of four-way multithreading.
It has a fine grain branch prediction unit (BPU) with eight 1024-entry branch history tables. The L1 caches is a 16 KB 8-way set-associative data cache and a 4-way set-associative 16 KB instruction cache. It executes a simple in-order pipeline capable of issuing two instructions per cycle; one to the 6-stage arithmetic logic unit (ALU) and one to the optional auxiliary execution unit (AXU).
It includes a memory management unit but no floating point unit (FPU). Such facilities are handled by the AXU, which has support for any number of standardized or customized macros, such as floating point units, vector units, DSPs, media accelerators and other units with instruction sets and registers not part of the Power ISA. The core has a system interface unit used to connect to other on die cores, with a 256-bit interface for data writes and a 128-bit interface for instruction and data reads at full core speed.
A2O
The A2O is a slightly more modern version, written in Verilog, using the Power ISA v.2.07 Book III-E. It is optimized for single core performance and designed to reach 3 GHz at 45 nm process technology. The A2O differs from its sibling in that it is only two-way multithreaded, 32+32 kB data and instruction L1 caches, and is capable of out-of-order execution.
When A2O was released, no actual products have used it.
OpenSource
In the second half of 2020 IBM released the A2I and A2O cores under a Creative Commons license, and published the VHDL and Verilog code on GitHub. The intention was to add them to the OpenPOWER Foundation's offerings of free and open processor cores.
As A2 was designed in 2010, A2I and A2O are not compliant with the Power ISA 3.0 or 3.1 which is mandatory for OpenPOWER cores. It is IBM's wish for the cores to be updated so they comply with the newer version of the ISA.
Products
PowerEN
The PowerEN (Power Edge of Network), or the "wire-speed processor", is designed as hybrid between regular networking processors, doing switching and routing and a typical server processor, that is manipulating and packaging data. It was revealed on February 8, 2010, at ISSCC 2010.
Each chip uses the A2I core and has 8 MB of cache as well a multitude of task-specific engines besides the general-purpose processors, such as XML, cryptography, compression and regular expression accelerators each with MMUs of their own, four 10 Gigabit Ethernet ports and two PCIe lanes. Up to four chips can be linked in a SMP system without any additional support chips. The chips are said to be extremely complex according to Charlie Johnson, chief architect at IBM, and use 1.43 billion transistors on a die size of 428 mm² fabricated using a 45 nm process.
Blue Gene/Q
The Blue Gene/Q processor is an 18 core chip using the A2I core running at 1.6 GHz with special features for fast thread context switching, quad SIMD floating point unit, 5D torus chip-to-chip network and 2 GB/s external I/O. The cores are linked by a crossbar switch at half core speed to a 32 MB eDRAM L2 cache. The L2 cache is multi-versioned and supports transactional memory and speculative execution. A Blue Gene/Q chip has two DDR3 memory controllers running at 1.33 GHz, supporting up to 16 GB RAM.
It uses 16 cores for computing, and one core for operating system services. This 17th core will take care of interrupts, asynchronous I/O, MPI flow control, and RAS functionality. The 18th core is used as a spare in case one of the other cores are permanently damaged (for instance in manufacturing) but is shut down in functional operation. The Blue Gene/Q chip is manufactured on IBM's copper SOI process at 45 nm, will deliver a peak performance of 204.8 GFLOPS at 1.6 GHz and draws about 55 watts. The chip has a die size of 19×19 mm (359.5 mm²) and uses 1.47 billion transistors.
See also
IBM Power microprocessors
OpenPOWER Foundation
POWER7
References
A2 Processor User's Manual - IBM
A Wire-Speed Power Processor: 2.3GHz 45nm SOI with 16 Cores and 64 Threads – Presentation, IBM
A Wire-Speed Power Processor: 2.3GHz 45nm SOI with 16 Cores and 64 Threads – White paper, IBM
ISSCC: IBM back in network processor game - EE Times
IBM microprocessors
Power microprocessors
A2
Transactional memory
Open microprocessors
The black-necked wattle-eye (Platysteira chalybea) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae. It is found in Angola, Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical swamps, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
black-necked wattle-eye
Birds of Central Africa
black-necked wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The men's lightweight competition of the boxing events at the 2018 Mediterranean Games in Tarragona, Spain, was held between June 25 and 30 at the Torredembarra Pavilion.
Like all Mediterranean Games boxing events, the competition was a straight single-elimination tournament. Both semifinal losers were awarded bronze medals, so no boxers competed again after their first loss.
Schedule
All times are Central European Summer Time (UTC+2).
Results
Bracket
References
Boxing at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Thomas Edward Booth (25 April 1874 – 7 September 1939) was an English footballer who played at centre-half for Blackburn Rovers and Everton. They also made two appearances for England in March 1898 and April 1903.
Personal life
Booth was born in Ardwick, Manchester, the youngest of seven children to Isaac and Sarah Booth. Their father was an accounts clerk.
Booth married Mary Elizabeth Brierley in September 1910.
Football career
Booth played youth football with Hooley Hill and Ashton North End before joining Blackburn Rovers in 1896. They soon developed into "a dependable centre-back" and was called up for England for the Home Championship match against Wales played at Wrexham's Racecourse Ground on 28 March 1898. The match ended in a 3–0 victory for England, with two goals from Fred Wheldon.
The previous November, Booth was a member of the Football League side that defeated the Irish League 8–1 at Hyde Road, Manchester. Booth ended the 1897–98 season having scored six league goals, as Blackburn Rovers finished a "disappointing season" in the penultimate position in the league table. Despite finishing at the bottom of the play-offs, Blackburn avoided relegation to the Second Division as the First Division was expanded to 18 clubs.
In 1900, Blackburn Rovers were in financial difficulties and Booth was one of a number of players who were sold to raise funds. In their four years at Blackburn, Booth scored ten goals in 111 league matches.
Booth joined Everton where their arrival was expected to "materially strengthen" "the half backs division". They made their debut on 3 September 1900 in a 2–1 victory at Preston North End; their performance was praised in the match report in The Liverpool Mercury:Booth had been putting in useful work and kept their forwards well occupied.At halfback most interest was centred in Booth, and it may at once be stated that they proved themselves as resourceful as ever, and kept the front line well employed all through. When danger threatened they anticipated its quarter. . . and avoiding aimless kicking always placed the ball to the best advantage. The value of their work cannot be overestimated, and their inclusion will undoubtedly tend to cement the attractive style of play between forwards and halves that football spectators of to-day delight in.
Their second and last international appearance came five years after their first, against Scotland on 4 April 1903; the match was played at Bramall Lane, Sheffield and was won by the Scots, 2–1. Three weeks earlier, Booth had also represented the Football League against the Scottish League, with the English winning 3–0.
In 1906, Booth was part of the Everton team that reached the final of the FA Cup, including scoring in the 4–3 victory over Sheffield Wednesday in Round 4; however, injury prevented them taking part in the final itself, in which Everton defeated Newcastle United 1–0. Everton also reached the final in the following year, with Booth again sitting out the final which was lost 2–1 to Sheffield Wednesday.
Booth remained with Everton for one further season, before being released in the summer of 1908. In their eight years with Everton, they had made a total of 185 first-team appearances, scoring 11 goals.
They then joined Preston North End but moved on to Carlisle United without making an appearance for Preston. After a year at Carlisle, they retired in 1909.
Later life
Following their retirement, Booth ran the Red Lion Hotel in Audenshaw with their wife, Mary.
They died in Blackpool on 7 September 1939.
References
External links
1874 births
People from Ardwick
1939 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Blackburn Rovers F.C. players
Everton F.C. players
Preston North End F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
England international footballers
English Football League representative players
Parera is a Catalan surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Blas Parera (1777–1840), Spanish composer
Manuel Parera (1907–1975), Spanish footballer
Silvia Parera (born 1969), Spanish swimmer
Valentín Parera (1895–1986), Spanish actor
Catalan-language surnames
Daniel Yohannes Haggos (born 1950) is an Ethiopian-German musician and academic. They composed the national anthem of Ethiopia from 1975 to 1992, Ethiopia, Ethiopia, Ethiopia be first.
Biography
Following the 3 February 1977 execution of Derg Chairman Tafari Benti and their replacement with Mengistu Haile Mariam, Daniel, who at the time was a member of the Ethiopian delegation to the ongoing FESTAC 77, fled to West Germany with several other delegation members.
In 1991, Daniel, now a German citizen, was an associate professor at the University of Bonn in Germany and head of the African Culture Centre in Bonn. The same year, they visited the University of South Africa.
See also
Assefa Gebre-Mariam Tessema, the writer of the national anthem of Ethiopia from 1975 to 1992
References
1950 births
Living people
A European depositary receipt (EDR) represents ownership in the shares of a non-European company that trades in European financial markets. It is a European equivalent of the original American depositary receipts (ADR). The EDR is issued by a bank in Europe representing stocks traded on an exchange outside of the bank's home country.
The stock of some non-European companies trade on European stock exchanges like London Stock Exchange through the use of EDRs. EDRs enable European investors to buy shares in foreign companies without the hazards or inconveniences of cross-border and cross-currency transactions. EDRs can be issued in any currency, but euro is the most common currency for this type of security. If the EDR is issued in euros, it pays dividends in euros and can be traded like the shares of European companies.
See also
Depositary receipt
American depositary receipt
Global depositary receipt
Cross listing
References
Equity securities
Depositary receipts
Evgeni Alexandrovich Koroliov (; born 1 October 1949, in Moscow) is a Russian classical pianist.
Koroliov studied at the Moscow Conservatory. Since 1978 they have been a teacher at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg. They live in Hamburg with their wife Ljupka Hadzigeorgieva. Together they also form a musical duo („Duo Koroliov“).
 They are mainly associated with the keyboard repertoire of J.S. Bach (the complete Well-Tempered Clavier and Art of Fugue i.a.), but they are also known for their performances of Haydn, Beethoven, Chopin, Debussy, some Mozart and Schumann, and contemporary works like those of Shostakovich.
References
External links
Evgeni Koroliov website
1949 births
Living people
Russian classical pianists
Male classical pianists
21st-century classical pianists
21st-century Russian male musicians
is a Japanese politician who served as the President of the House of Councillors of Japan from 2019 to 2022. A member of the Liberal Democratic Party, they previously served as the Vice President of the House of Councillors from 2007 to 2010.
Background and career
A native of Tokyo and graduate of Bunka Gakuin, Santo is the grand-niece of Kodama Ryōtarō (September 1872 – October 25, 1921), a member of the House of Representatives.
Santo was elected to the House of Councillors for the first time in 1974 after working as an actor and reporter. Santo was Parliamentary Vice-Minister of Environment (Ohira Cabinet), and Minister of State and Director General of Science and Technology Agency (Kaifu Cabinet, 1990–91). They became Vice President of the House of Councillors in 2007, and chaired the Joint Plenary Meeting of Party Members of Both Houses of the Diet.
The Senkaku episode
Santo played a role in the sale of 3 of the Senkaku Islands. She'd known the landowner (Kurihara family) for 30 years, and in 2011 they told them that they wanted to sell to Tokyo Governor Shintaro Ishihara (whose nationalistic book they liked), instead of to the Government and Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda. The later proposed land swap, the former cash, and eventually the state bought the land for $25.5 million in 2012.
Like Ishihara, Santo is affiliated to the openly revisionist lobby Nippon Kaigi, which claims Japan's ownership of these islands, that are also claimed by China (as Diaoyu).
References
External links
in Japanese.
Government ministers of Japan
Members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Women government ministers of Japan
Female members of the House of Councillors (Japan)
Japanese actores
Japanese actor-politicians
Members of Nippon Kaigi
Living people
1942 births
Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) politicians
Dankerath is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Haitang Bay () is one of the five major bays in Sanya, Hainan Province, China.
This beach is located in Haitangwan Town, Sanya, and Yingzhou Town, Lingshui. To its south are Yalong Bay and Wuzhizhou Island.
A number of resort hotels are located along the beach. Atlantis Sanya opened in 2018. The resort cost US$1.74 billion. The total area is and has 1,314 hotel rooms.
References
External links
Haitangbay.com
Official site
Haitang Bay Sanya
Bays of Hainan
Beaches of China
Sanya
Amal El-Mohtar (born 13 December 1984) is a Canadian poet and writer of speculative fiction. They have published short fiction, poetry, essays and reviews, and has edited the fantastic poetry quarterly magazine Goblin Fruit since 2006.
El-Mohtar began reviewing science fiction and fantasy books for the New York Times Book Review in February 2018. They have worked as a creative writing instructor at Carleton University and the University of Ottawa. In 2018 they also served as a host on Brandon Sanderson's creative writing podcast Writing Excuses for Season 13.
Personal life
El-Mohtar was born in Ottawa, Ontario to a family of Lebanese descent. They grew up in Ottawa, with the exception of two years spent in Lebanon beginning when they were six years old.
 They are married and lives in Ottawa.
Awards and honors
El-Mohtar has also received the Rhysling Award for Best Short Poem in 2009, 2011 and 2014.
Selected works
El-Mohtar's full bibliography includes an extensive list of short stories, poems, essays, and reviews. Them most notable works include a short story collection and novella.
The Honey Month, collected short fiction, Papaveria Press 2010;
This Is How You Lose the Time War (with Max Gladstone), novella, 2019;
Notes
References
External links
"Seasons of Glass and Iron", winner of the Hugo, Nebula and Locus awards in 2016-17
Living people
1980s births
Canadian women poets
Canadian science fiction writers
Canadian fantasy writers
Rhysling Award for Best Short Poem winners
Women science fiction and fantasy writers
Nebula Award winners
Hugo Award-winning writers
Canadian people of Lebanese descent
University of Ottawa faculty
Writers from Ottawa
Carleton University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian poets
21st-century Canadian short story writers
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century Canadian women writers
Lotus hirsutus, also known by the synonym Dorycnium hirsutum, common name: canary clover or hairy canary-clover, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family Fabaceae.
Description
It is a low-growing, domed semi-evergreen subshrub, reaching on average in height. Its habit is erect, green, hairy and branched. The silver leaves are sessile, alternate and quite fuzzy. The flowers are white veined pinkish-red, in terminal umbels composed of four to ten flowers. The flowering period extends from May through July. The fruits are cylindrical reddish brown seed pods.
Distribution
This plant is native to the Mediterranean Basin, from Portugal to Turkey and south to northern Africa.
Habitat
The typical habitat of this sub-shrub is grassland, in well-drained soil. Plants can be found at an altitude of .
Cultivation
This plant is found in cultivation. Though hardy down to , it requires a sheltered spot in full sun. In the United Kingdom it has won the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Gallery
References
Pignatti S. - Flora d'Italia - Edagricole – 1982. vol. III
Tutin, T. G., eds. 1964 -1980 - Flora europaea
External links
Biolib
Dorycnium hirsutum
Dorycnium hirsutum
Wild flowers
hirsutus
Flora of Europe
Flora of North Africa
Flora of Western Asia
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The 1988 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament was the 29th organized men's college soccer tournament by the National Collegiate Athletic Association, to determine the top college soccer team in the United States.
The Indiana Hoosiers won their third national title by defeating the Howard Bison in the championship game, 1–0. The final match was played on December 4, 1988, in Bloomington, Indiana, at Bill Armstrong Stadium. All the other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded team.
Early rounds
Final
See also
NCAA Division II Men's Soccer Championship
NCAA Division III Men's Soccer Championship
NAIA Men's Soccer Championship
References
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament seasons
NCAA Division I Men's
NCAA Division I men's soccer
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament
Decoration and Glass, was an English-language trade journal, issued from 1935 to 1949, and published in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
History
Decoration and Glass : journal for home builders, architects and decorators was the official journal of the Australian Glass Manufacturers Company. While the earliest edition of Decoration and Glass was issued May 1935, the journal was published simply as Glass'between 1934 and 1935. The earliest editors of the journal were Walter Glover, as managing editor and publisher, and Don Angus, as art director. Angus later established themselves as a commercial artist in their own right, operating out of a studio in Hunter Street Sydney, and later became the vice-president of the Australian Commercial and Industrial Artists Association in Victoria. While Glover, was the same Walter Frederick Glover, who went on to some degree of infamy as the champion of the art of Rosaleen Norton, and the publisher of a book of their art, resulting in theirs being charged by police with the production of an obscene publication.
Appearing directly after the height of the Great Depression in Australia, the journal's focus on colourful interior decoration, decorative and ornamental architecture and glass work was considered progressive for its time. In addition to reflecting the styles and fashions of the period, the journal also reflected the increasing individual wealth and home ownership of the time, as Australia's economy slowly recovered.
See also
List of magazines in Australia
References
External links
Decoration and glass at Trove
Defunct newspapers published in Sydney
Defunct magazines published in Australia
Magazines published in Sydney
The RDW is a Dutch organization that handles the type-approval and registration of motorized vehicles and driving licences in the Netherlands. This is not limited to passenger cars, but also includes trucks, tractors, bicycles, scooters, drones and more. The RDW is an independent administrative body of the Dutch government.
Statutory tasks
The RDW is responsible for four different subjects in the Netherlands:
Type-approval and licensing
The RDW is authorized for conducting Motor vehicle type approvals for the entire European Union, and is often chosen by foreign car manufacturers and brand due to a lack of competition from Dutch automobile manufacturers.
Supervision and control
The RDW is responsible for supervising Dutch RDW-approved garages and repair-shops for road-legal vehicles. Moreover, the RDW maintains registration of vehicles and the annual vehicle state inspection called "APK". While these inspections and repairs can be conducted by privatly-owned companies, these companies have to be registered with the RDW and the RDW frequently visits and samples the performance, integrity and reliability of the companies, issuing punishments for companies that are found to fraud with approvals.
Information provision
The RDW keeps multiple public databases available in regard to public parking, vehicle safety, registration and APK-history among other data and informs the public about current developments in the automotive sector. Furthermore, the RDW advises the government in law-making.
Issuing documents
In the Netherlands, driving licences can be acquired by graduating exams at the Centraal Bureau Rijvaardigheid (Central Bureau of Driving Skills) and requesting such cards at the municipality office of the citizen applying. The RDW is responsible for producing and issuing the physical card that individuals receive, which is also valid as personal identification in the Netherlands.
Trivia
Originally named "Rijksdienst voor het Wegverkeer", Dutch law references to the organisation as "Dienst Wegverkeer", while defining that the public name is written and pronounced as "RDW".
Since 2019, the RDW organizes the , a nation-wide event of competition between students of different universities to develop software for electric karts to autonomously drive and race each other on real-life racetracks.
The RDW has two foreign offices, one in Detroit, Michigan, United States and one in Seoul, South Korea.
References
Motor vehicle registration agencies
Government agencies of the Netherlands
Soiva metsä is a 1947 poetry collection by Finnish poet and translator Aale Tynni.
1947 poems
Finnish literature
Henry Melchior Muhlenberg (an anglicanization of Heinrich Melchior Mühlenberg) (September 6, 1711 – October 7, 1787), was a German Lutheran pastor sent to North America as a missionary, requested by Pennsylvania colonists.
Integral to the founding of the first Lutheran church body or denomination in North America, Muhlenberg is considered the patriarch of the Lutheran Church in the United States. Muhlenberg and their wife Anna Maria had a large family, several of whom had a significant impact on colonial life in North America as pastors, military officers, and politicians. Theirs and Anna Maria's descendants continued to be active in Pennsylvania and national political life.
Early life in Germany
Muhlenberg was born in 1711 to Nicolaus Melchior Mühlenberg and Anna Maria Kleinschmid at Einbeck, in the German Electorate of Hanover. They studied theology at the University of Göttingen. As a student, Muhlenberg came under the influence of the Pietist movement through fellow students from Einbeck who had worked at the Francke Foundations in Halle (Saale), an important Pietist institution. With two other men, Muhlenberg started a charity school in Göttingen that eventually became an orphanage.
After completing their studies in spring 1738, Muhlenberg secured a teaching position at the Francke Foundation's Historic Orphanage. Its director, the theologian Gotthilf August Francke was the son and successor of the Foundation's founder, August Hermann Francke and a professor at the University of Halle.
Muhlenberg was ordained in Leipzig in 1739, and served as assistant minister and director of the orphanage at Grosshennersdorf from 1739 to 1741. In 1741, Gotthilf August Francke encouraged Muhlenberg to accept a call from German-speaking Lutherans in Pennsylvania. Accordingly, in 1742 Muhlenberg emigrated across the Atlantic Ocean, where they essentially organized the Lutheran Church as an institution in North America.
Lutheran Church in Pennsylvania and New Jersey
The Lutheran churches in Pennsylvania had largely been founded by lay ministers. As Nicolaus Ludwig Zinzendorf was successful in winning a number of converts to the Moravian Church, the Lutherans asked German churches for formally trained clergy.
In 1742, Muhlenberg immigrated to Philadelphia, responding to the 1732 request by Pennsylvania Lutherans. They took charge of the congregation at Providence (Augustus Lutheran Church), in what is now Trappe, Pennsylvania. They also provided leadership to a series of congregations from Maryland to New York, working to secure control over less qualified pastors and starting new congregations among the settlers of the region. In 1748, they called together The Ministerium of Pennsylvania, the first permanent Lutheran synod in America. They helped to prepare a uniform liturgy that same year, and also wrote basic tenets for an ecclesiastical constitution, which most of the churches adopted in 1761. They did much work on a hymnal, published by the Ministerium in 1786.
The dedication stone of the Augustus Lutheran Church, above its door, is dedicated to Muhlenberg and its other founders. It reads, in Latin, translated into English: "Under the auspices of Christ, Henry Melchior Muhlenberg with their Council, J.N.Crosman, F.Marsteller, A.Heilman, J.Mueller, H.Haas, and H.Rebner, erected from the very foundation this building dedicated by the Society of the Augsburg Confession. A.D.1743." This is the only known church building bearing an inscription that designates the confessional document of the congregation instead of the name Lutheran by which it is popularly known. The name of the first church—Augustus—was adopted in honor of Herman Augustus Francke, founder of the Halle Institutions, whose son, Gotthilf, had persuaded Muhlenberg to accept the call of the three United Congregations in America.
Muhlenberg frequently traveled beyond the three congregations assigned to him. During their 45-year ministry, they reached from New York to Georgia. They ministered not only to the German-language populations they were assigned to, but also to colonists from the Netherlands and Britain as well, in their native languages. Their colleagues requested their help in arbitrating disputes among Lutherans, or in some cases with other religious groups.
Muhlenberg also worked to recruit new ministers from Europe and to develop more ministers from the colonists. In Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey, the Old Stone Union Church (built 1774) of German Valley (later renamed Long Valley) housed a congregation said to have been organized by Muhlenberg. Their eldest son, the Reverend Peter Gabriel Muhlenberg, also served as pastor there and served as a major general in the Continental Army.
Poor health forced them into limited activity and retirement. They eventually died at their home in Trappe, Pennsylvania, at age 76. They were interred in the rear of Augustus Lutheran Church with their wife Anna Maria, followed by their son Peter. By request, they were buried next to the grave of their good friend, sponsor, and Augustus Church co-founder, Frederick Ludwig Marsteller.
Dynasty
Soon after arriving in Pennsylvania, in 1745, Muhlenberg married Anna Maria Weiser, the daughter of colonial leader Conrad Weiser. The couple had eleven children and founded the Muhlenberg Family dynasty, generations of which were active in the US military, politics, academia and ministry.
Of their children, three sons entered the ministry and became prominent in other fields as well. Their son Peter became a Major General in the Continental Army and later was elected to the U.S. Congress. Frederick served as the first Speaker of the House in the U.S. Congress after their election to office. Henry, Jr. became pastor of the Zion Lutheran Church at Oldwick, New Jersey. Henry Ernst was an early scientist, and the first president of Franklin College (now Franklin & Marshall).
Their daughter Elisabeth married future general Francis Swaine. Maria Salome ("Sally") married the future US Congressman, Matthias Richards. Eve married Emmanuel Shulze, and their son John Andrew Schulze was elected Governor of Pennsylvania.
Legacy and honors
Henry Melchior Muhlenberg is commemorated on October 7 in the Calendar of Saints in worship books, hymnals (e.g., Lutheran Book of Worship, Lutheran Worship, Evangelical Lutheran Worship, and Lutheran Service Book), and supplementary ecumenical common liturgies and lectionaries used by most Lutheran congregations in the United States and Canada.
Muhlenberg College, an ELCA affiliated institution, in Allentown, Pennsylvania is named in their honor.
The "Muhlenberg Monument" entitled "Man of Vision," sculpted by American artist Stanley Wanlass is located on the campus of Muhlenberg College.
Lake Muhlenberg, located near the college in Allentown is also named in their honor.
The Henry Melchior Muhlenberg House was added to the National Register of Historic Places (maintained by the National Park Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior) in 2000.
The Muhlenberg Building, at 2900 Queens Lane, a distinctive U-shaped two-story structure of Georgian / Federal style of architecture with red brick and white wood / limestone trim - served as the headquarters of the former Muhlenberg Press (and editorial offices of "The Lutheran" bi-monthly magazine) of the former United Lutheran Church in America (1918-1962) ànd its successor of Fortress Press, the Board of Publication of the Lutheran Church in America (1962-1987) in northwest Philadelphia. Both the ULCA and later, the LCA, had their denominational offices at the Church House on Madison Avenue in Manhattan, New York City. Upon merger in 1988 into the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, publishing operations were moved to Minneapolis and combined with Augsburg Publishing House of The American Lutheran Church there and continuing as Augsburg Fortress. ELCA headquarters are in suburban Chicago.
See also
Muhlenberg family
Johann Christopher Kunze
References
Other sources
Mann, William J. Life and Times of Henry Melchior Muhlenberg, Philadelphia: G.W. Frederick. 1888
Wolf, Edmund Jacob. The Lutherans in America; a story of struggle, progress, influence and marvelous growth, New York: J.A. Hill. 1889
Frick, William K. Henry Melchior Muhlenberg, Patriarch of the Lutheran Church in America, Lutheran Publication Society, 1902
Hermann Wellenreuther / Thomas Müller-Bahlke / A. Gregg Roeber: The Transatlantic World of Heinrich Melchior Mühlenberg in the Eighteenth Century. Publisher: Otto Harrassowitz (January 9, 2013),
Further reading
External links
Biographical Sketches of memorable Christians of the Past, Anglican Church
Evangelical Lutheran Ministerium
Early Evangelical Lutheran Heroes in America, Holy Trinity, New Rochelle, NY
1711 births
1787 deaths
People from Einbeck
Muhlenberg family
University of Göttingen alumni
German emigrants to the Thirteen Colonies
People celebrated in the Lutheran liturgical calendar
People from the Electorate of Hanover
People from Washington Township, Morris County, New Jersey
18th-century American Lutheran clergy
German Lutheran missionaries
Lutheran missionaries in the United States
18th-century Lutheran theologians
Nijman is a Dutch surname. Among variant forms are Neijman, Neyman, Nieman(s), and Nyman. It originated as a nickname for either an unknown or nameless person, related to modern Dutch niemand ("nobody"), or for a newcomer to a place (modern Dutch nieuw man, cognate to English Newman and German Neumann. People with this surname include:
Brigitte Nijman (born 1970), Duch musical actor, singer and voice actor
Hans Nijman (1959–2014), Dutch mixed martial artist and professional wrestler.
Jan Willem Nijman (born 1990s), Dutch video game developer
Jerry Nijman (born 1966), Suriname-born Dutch boxer
Marijn Nijman (born 1985), Dutch cricketer, sister of Ruud
Max Nijman (1941–2016), Surinamese singer
Ruud Nijman (born 1982), Dutch cricketer, brother of Marijn
Yosh Nijman (born 1996), American football player
References
Dutch-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
Zavin () may refer to:
Zavin District
Zavin Rural District
Kahak (, also Romanized as Kohak) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 40 families.
During Safavid times, the village enjoyed some importance, and was the site of a large caravanserai, now in ruins.
During the late medieval period, the village was the centre of the Qasim-Shahi line of Nizari Isma'ili imams, which transferred its residence from nearby Anjudan to Kahak during the early imamate of Shah Nizar II (1680–1722). Their mausoleum in the western end of the village survives to this day, although a restoration in 1966 destroyed many of its original elements and fixtures. The Nizari imams abandoned Kahak for Kerman Province in the mid-18th century, but Shah Khalil Allah III (1792–1817) re-established themselves there shortly into their imamate until 1815, when they moved to Yazd. Kahak was the birthplace of Shah Khalil Allah's son and successor, Aga Khan I, in 1804.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
History of Nizari Isma'ilism
Shirley Fitzpatrick-Wong (born December 19, 1971) is a Canadian international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
They won a silver medal in the fours with Andrea Weigand, Melissa Ranger and Anita Nivala at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Two years later they won a bronze medal at the 2004 World Outdoor Bowls Championship - Women's Pairs with their mother Clarice Fitzpatrick. They play for the Sargent Park Bowling Club.
In 2007 they won the pairs silver medal and fours bronze medal at the Atlantic Bowls Championships.
References
1971 births
Living people
Bowls players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Canadian female bowls players
Commonwealth Games medallists in lawn bowls
Sportspeople from Winnipeg
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Science Realm is a United States Government projects with the aim of creating a vertical-takeoff horizontal-landing (VTOHL) single-stage-to-orbit (SSTO) craft, the term is also associated with the software this project uses to simulate takeoff and landing.
Science Dawn
Science Realm's predecessor Science Dawn was a classified program to build a rocket-launched supersonic horizontal-take off horizontal-landing (HOTOL) SSTO spaceplane. However, it became clear that horizontal takeoff requirement was an inappropriate application of rocket thrust-to-weight ratio; the angle and relative size of rocket and earth meant the path of the least effort was almost completely vertical (completely against gravitation). Consequently, SCIENCE DAWN ended, and the focus transferred to SCIENCE REALM.
Spaceplane
The Space Maneuver Vehicle (SMV) completed a successful autonomous approach and landing on its first flight test on 11 August 1998. The unmanned vehicle was dropped from a US Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter at an altitude of 9,000 feet, performed a controlled approach and landed on the runway. The total flight time was 90 seconds. During the initial portion of its free fall, the maneuver vehicle was stabilized by a parachute. After it is released from the parachute, the vehicle accelerated and perform a controlled glide. This glide simulated the final approach and landing phases of such a vehicle returning from orbit.
Performance requirements
The project is split into four Maximum Performance Missions Sets, which attempt to define the maximum conditions for four general uses of the spaceplane. Due to the high secrecy of the project, instead of giving a threshold and objective for each mission requirement, missions sets are defined.
Mark I
Demonstrator or ACTD non-orbital vehicle that can only pop up
Pop-up profile: Approximately Mach 16 at 300 kft at payload separation
Pop up and deliver 1 to 3 klbs of mission assets (does not include boost stage, aeroshell, guidance or propellant) to any terrestrial destination
Pop up and deliver 3 to 5 klbs of orbital assets (does not include upperstage) due east to a 100 x 100 NM orbit
Payload bay size 10' x 5' x 5', weight capacity 10 klbs
Mark II
Mark 2 defines an orbit capable vehicle with these requirements
Pop up and deliver 7 to 9 klbs of mission assets (does not include boost stage, aeroshell, guidance or propellant) to any terrestrial destination
Pop up and deliver 15 klbs of orbital assets (does not include upperstage) due east to a 100 x 100 NM orbit
Launch due east, carrying 4-klb payload, orbit at 100 x 100 NM
Payload bay size 25' x 12' x 12', weight capacity 20 klbs
Mark III
Pop up and deliver 14 to 18 klbs of mission assets (does not include boost stage, aeroshell, guidance or propellant) to any terrestrial destination
Pop up and deliver 25 klbs of orbital assets (does not include upperstage) due east to a 100 x 100 NM orbit
Launch due east, carrying a 6-klb payload, orbit at 100 x 100 NM and return to base
Launch polar, carrying 1-klb payload and return to base
Payload bay size 25' x 12' x 12', weight capacity 40 klbs
Mark IV
Pop up and deliver 20 to 30 klbs of mission assets (does not include boost stage, aeroshell, guidance or propellant) to any terrestrial destination
Pop up and deliver 45 klbs of orbital assets (does not include upperstage) due east to a 100 x 100 NM orbit
Launch due east, carrying a 20-klb payload, orbit at 100 x 100 NM and return to base
Launch polar, carrying 5-klb payload and return to base
Payload bay size 45' x 15' x 15', weight capacity 60 klbs
See also
Spacecraft and spaceplane propulsion
Aerospike engine
Space transport
Scramjet
Not SSTO
Two-stage-to-orbit
Three-stage-to-orbit
Other spaceplane and spacecraft vehicles
Avatar RLV
NASA Space Shuttle decision
HOTOL
Reaction Engines Skylon
VentureStar
X-30
X-33
References
External links
GLOBSEC
stealth aircraft projects
Federation of American Scientists
Single-stage-to-orbit
In the mythology of Tonga, Ilaheva Vaepopua (Ilaheva, living at Vaepopua) was a mortal woman, the daughter of Seketoa. Seketo'a was either a chief of Tongatapu, or perhaps a god from Niuatoputapu,
depending on the source. All accounts, however, agree that 'Ilaheva became the wife of Tangaloa and mother of ʻAhoʻeitu, the first divine king of the Tuʻi Tonga dynasty in Tonga, around 900 AD.
References
Further reading
R.D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989), 82;
E.T. Gifford, Tongan Myths and Tales (Honolulu: Bernice P. Bishop Museum Press, 1924), 25–8.
Tongan deities
Legendary Polynesian people
Women in mythology
The cervical spinal nerve 5 (C5) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 5 (C5). It contributes to the phrenic nerve, long thoracic nerve, and dorsal scapular nerve before joining cervical spinal nerve 6 to form the upper trunk, a trunk of the brachial plexus, which then forms the lateral cord, and finally the musculocutaneous nerve.
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Virginal, also known as Dietrichs erste Ausfahrt (Dietrich's first quest), or Dietrich und seine Gesellen (Dietrich and their companions) is an anonymous Middle High German poem about the legendary hero Dietrich von Bern, the counterpart of the historical Ostrogothic king Theodoric the Great in Germanic heroic legend. It is one of the so-called fantastical (aventiurehaft) Dietrich poems, so called because it more closely resembles a courtly romance than a heroic epic. The poem was composed by 1300 at the latest, and may have been composed as early as the second quarter of the thirteenth century.
There are three principle versions of the Virginal. The poem concerns the still young and inexperienced Dietrich's quest to save the dwarf queen Virginal in Tyrol from a force of attacking heathens. After defeating the heathens, Dietrich encounters a series of further adventures while trying to reach Virginal's court, including, depending on version, their capture by giants and their rescue of the hero Rentwin out of the mouth of a dragon. When they finally reach Virginal's court, Dietrich marries Virginal in two of the three versions.
Summary
There are three complete versions of the Virginal, the Heidelberg, the Vienna, and the Dresden versions. Here follows a summary of each version.
Heidelberg Version (V10): Young Dietrich does not yet know what adventure (Middle High German "âventiure") means, so Hildebrand takes them into the wooded mountains of Tyrol to fight against the heathen Orkise, who has invaded the kingdom of the dwarf king Virginal and demands a virgin as tribute to eat. Hildebrand finds a girl who is being sacrificed to Orkise, and slays a group of heathens who have come to collect them Hildebrand returns to Dietrich, only to discover that their pupil is themselves under attack—with Hildebrand's help, Dietrich defeats the heathens. The girl invites Dietrich and Hildebrand to Virginal's palace at Jeraspunt, heading there themselves as messenger to announce the heroes. Virginal sends the dwarf Bibung as a messenger to Dietrich and Hildebrand. When Bibung finds the heroes, they are in the midst of fighting a swarm of dragons. Hildebrand rescues a knight who has been half-swallowed by a dragon. The knight is named Rentwin, son of Helferich von Lune und der Portalaphe, and thus great nephew of Hildebrand. They invite their rescuers to their father's castle at Arona. Bibung also goes to the castle, bringing Virginal's invitation. Dietrich rides alone ahead when the heroes head to Virginal's palace, and gets lost, arriving at the castle Muter. There the giant Wicram, together with other giants, overpowers them and takes them captive on behalf of their master, Nitger. Meanwhile, the other heroes arrive at Jeraspunt and notice that Dietrich is missing. In Muter, Nitger's sister Ibelin takes care of Dietrich, and with their help they are able to send a message to their friends telling them of their predicament. Hildebrand and Helferich decide to gather a force to free Dietrich, calling for the aid King Imian of Hungary, Witege, Heime, and Biterolf and Dietleib. The heroes go to Muter and arrange combat with Nitger. There are eleven cases of single combat, with Nitger even allowing Dietrich themselves to fight, and all the giants are slain. The heroes head back to Jeraspunt, on the way slaying even more dragons and giants. Finally, there is an enormous feast at Virginal's palace. However, Dietrich receives news of a threatened siege of Bern (Verona, so Dietrich must hurry back home to further hardships.
Dresden Virginal (V11): The Dresden version has been radically reduced in length by the scribe of the Dresdner Heldenbuch. This version does not contain the episode of Dietrich's capture at Muter. During Dietrich's stay at Arona, further adventures are told: Dietrich is challenged by Prince Libertin of Palermo, defeats him, and becomes their friend. Hildebrand, Helferich, Rentwin, and Libertin are invited to the castle Orteneck by the heathen Janapas, Orkise's son, while they were heading to Jeraspunt. The heathen ambushes them there, and the heroes must fight against lions and heathens. Their victory frees three maidens who the heathens had taken from Virginal. Dietrich, meanwhile, fights a ferocious boar and then a giant, who objects to Dietrich hunting on their land, while all this is happening. Dietrich defeats the giant as their friends arrive and see, taking the giant captive. The heroes finally arrive at Jeraspunt, where Dietrich marries Virginal. For two nights they are unable to consummate their union, while Hildebrand hides under the bed and counsels the young warrior. On the third night, they are successful.
Vienna Virginal (V12): A much longer version of the events also contained in the Dresden version, but without detail that Dietrich was at first unable to consummate their marriage. It also contains the Muter episode.
Transmissions, Versions, and Dating
The Virginal must have been composed prior by 1300 at the latest, based on the dating of the earliest fragments. Because of the oldest fragments of the poem come from the Swabian-Alemannic area, the poem is thought to have been composed there. Like almost all German heroic poetry, the Virginal is anonymous.
The three complete manuscripts, the Heidelberg V10, Dresden V11, and Vienna V12 versions, each contains an independent version of the poem. Most of the fragments match the Heidelberg version most closely, but due to the extreme variability of the fantastical Dietrich epic, each individual manuscript can be considered an equally valid version.
The Virginal has the following manuscript attestations:
V1 (U): University College London, Ms. Frag. Germ. 2. Fragment of a parchment manuscript, first half of the fourteenth century. Alemannic dialect.
V2 (D): Badische Landesbibliothek Karlsruhe, Cod. Donaueschingen 91. Fragment of a parchment manuscript, first half of the fourteenth century. Alemannic dialect.
V3 (B): formerly Archive of the Evangelical-Lutheran Dekanat Ansbach. First half of the 14th century, Rhine-Franconian dialect. Fragmentary oldest Heldenbuch. Lost.
V4 (M): Kathedral-Pfarramt St. Stephanus in Grevenbroich(-Elsen). Fragment of a paper manuscript, beginning of fourteenth century, Rhine-Franconian or Alemannic dialect.
V5 (n): Germanisches Nationalmuseum Nuremberg, Hs. 80. Fragment of a paper manuscript, around 1355-1357, Swabian dialect. Contains the only surviving fragment of Goldemar, the Virginal, and various medical recipes and a glossary of plant names.
V6 (L): Universitätsbibliothek Leipzig, Rep. II fol. 70a. Fragment of a parchment manuscript, middle of fourteenth century, probably from the Mid-Rhine region. Known as the "Niederrheinische Liederhandschrift:" a collection of lyric, including parts of the Virginal.
V7: (E): Kongelige Bibliotek Kopenhagen, Fragmenter 18 I; and Hessisches Staatsarchiv Marburg, Bestand 147 Hr 1 Nr. 6; and Klosterbibliothek Erbstorf, VI 8a. Parchment, fifteenth century, Bavarian dialect. Fragment of a manuscript containing various literary texts, including the Rosengarten zu Worms and Virginal.
V8: Bibliothek der Abtei Metten, Fragm. Cart. I. Fragment of a paper manuscript, around 1400, Rhine-Franconian dialect.
V9 (s/f): Württembergische Landesbibliothek Stuttgart, HB VII 37 and Cod. Fragm. 63; and Universitätsbibliothek Freiburg im Breisgau, Hs. 531. Fragment of a paper manuscript, first half of the fifteenth century, Swabian dialect.
V10 (h): Universitätsbibliothek Heidelberg, Cpg. 324. paper, around 1440, from the manuscript workshop of Diebolt Lauber in Hagenau.
V11 (d): The Dresdner Heldenbuch. Sächsische Landesbibliothek Dresden, Msc. M 201. Paper, 1472, from Nuremberg(?).
V12 (w): Linhart Scheubel's Heldenbuch: Österreichische Nationalbibliothek Wienna, Cod. 15478. Paper, around 1480-1490, from Nuremberg.
V13: Staats- und Stadtbibliothek Augsburg, Fragm. germ. 33. Fragment of a parchment manuscript, first half of the fourteenth century, Bavarian dialect.
Interpretation
Older scholarship believed that the Virginal consisted of three originally separate parts: Dietrich's fight against Orkise, their rescue of Rentwin, and their captivity at Muter. Considerable efforts were spent trying to discern when these three stories came to be attached to the poem, with the fight against Orkise generally being supposed to have been written first, with the Rentwin and the Muter episodes added later based on stories in oral circulation. Joachim Heinzle dismisses such attempts to differentiate separate layers of the poem over time as setting an impossible task.
More recent scholarship has focused on the Virginal's portrayal of Dietrich's learning the meaning of adventure: Victor Millet notes that the various episodes introduce Dietrich to almost all possible kinds of battles. The characterization of Dietrich as still inexperienced and young makes the poem into a sort of pedagogical exercise. The discussion of adventure (Middle High German âventiure) is, moreover, a metaliterary discussion, with Dietrich's adventures in the story being inspired by their inability to narrative adventures. The Heidelberg version accentuates this theme by filling the poem with letters and oral messages that retell elements of the story to characters absent at the time of those events.
The poem also shows Dietrich's continued resistance to courtly love service and chivalry in the service of ladies, topics also found in the Goldemar fragment and the Eckenlied. While the Vienna and Dresden versions end with Dietrich marrying Virginal, in the Heidelberg version they successfully resist the narrative expectation that they ought to marry Virginal after rescuing them The poem emphasizes the fellowship of the heroic warriors, particularly between Dietrich and Hildebrand, as the heroes join forces to defeat adversaries such as Orkise or the giants at Muter. The defeat of giants and heathens, moreover, appears to be a duty for Dietrich as a ruler.
The Heidelberg version shows a tendency toward realism, particularly when Dietrich must abruptly leave Virginal to save their kingdom from an unnamed threat.  They are thus taken back out of the world of fantastical adventure to the world of real concerns such as war.
Metrical Form
Like the majority of German heroic epics, the Virginal is written in stanzas. The poem is composed in a stanzaic form known as the "Berner Ton," which consists of 13 lines in the following rhyme scheme: aabccbdedefxf. It shares this metrical form with the poems Goldemar, Sigenot, and Eckenlied. Early modern melodies for the "Berner Ton" have survived, indicating that it was meant to be sung. The following stanza of the Eckenlied can stand in as a typical example:
Ez sâzen helde in eime sal, a (four feet)
sî retten wunder âne zal a (four feet)
von ûz erwelten recken. b (three feet)
der eine was sich their Vâsolt c (four feet)
(dem wâren schoene vrouwen holt), c (four feet)
daz ander was their Ecke, b (three feet)
daz dritte der wild Ebenrôt. d (four feet)
sî retten al gelîche e (three feet)
daz nieman küener waer ze nôt, d (four feet)
den von Berne their Dieterîche: e (three feet)
der waer ein helt übr alliu lant. f (four feet)
sô waer mit listen küene x (three feet)
der alte Hiltebrant. f (three feet)
Relation to the Oral Tradition
Dietrich's captivity among giants is an extremely old part of the oral tradition surrounding him, being referenced in the Old English Waldere, where Witege saves him. In the Virginal, Witege is still involved in the rescue, though they play no special role. Another version of Dietrich's captivity by giants is found in the Sigenot. The giant Wicram, in taking Dietrich captive, references Dietrich having killed their kinsmen in Britanje: this may be a reference to Dietrich's adventures in Bertangenland recounted in the Thidrekssaga. Its presence here contradicts the claim made at the beginning of the Virginal that this is Dietrich's first adventure.
The tale connecting Dietrich to the rescue a man half-swallowed by a serpant or dragon appears to be part of a widespread oral tradition about Dietrich. This image first occurs on an exterior frieze at the Alsatian abbey of Andlau (c. 1130/40?) and on the capital of a column in the cathedral of Basel (after 1185): this could be a depiction of this story about Dietrich, but might also be a general depiction of good vanquishing evil. Lienert dismisses these sculptural depictions as unrelated to Dietrich. Another version of the same story is also found in the Thidrekssaga: there Dietrich and Fasolt come across the knight Sintram, Hilderband's nephew, in the mouth of a dragon. Fasolt rescues the Sintram with the use of a sword stuck in the dragon's mouth. Sintram also appears as the name of the man being swallowed by the dragon also in a 15th-century Swiss chronicle, by the Bernese Chronicle of Konrad Justinger, which relocates the action to Bern, Switzerland, and does not include Dietrich's name. It is thus not clear if the motif was transferred onto Dietrich from an independent legend or whether the Swiss version had lost the original connection with Dietrich. In the Virginal, the presence of this story may be connected to the coat of arms of the Visconti, which depicts a man being swallowed by a dragon. The Visconti were in possession of the case of Arona (Arone) at the time of the Virginal's composition, and this is the castle where Rentwin and their father Helferich live. However, this coat of arms is only attested for the Visconti beginning in the fourteenth century. Heinzle dismisses attempts to connect the image to similar stories about Sinbad the Sailor.
19th century scholarship attempted to connect Orkise with Ork, a demon of Tyrolian and North Italian folklore. Joachim Heinzle largely dismisses such speculations, instead preferring to point to the Virginal's use of the motif of a man hunting woman, something also found in Dietrich's opponents the Wunderer and Eckenlied, as well as in certain legends about Dietrich himself.
Although queen Virginal's name strongly resembles the romance word "virgin", it may in fact be connected with Gothic fairguni, meaning mountain. Compare also Anglo-Saxon firgen, meaning mountain woodland.
The poem also has at least one peculiarity: the king of the Hungarians, whom medieval tradition associated with the Huns, is named Imian, not Etzel. This may have been an effort to distance the poem from criticisms that Etzel (Attila) and Dietrich (Theoderic the Great) were not contemporaries.
Notes
Editions
(All versions)
(The Dresden Virginal)
(The Dresden Virginal)
(The Vienna Virginal)
(The Heidelberg Virginal)
References
External links
Facsimiles
Heidelberg Manuscript
Dresden Heldenbuch (Virginal starts on folio 314r)
Dietrich von Bern cycle
German heroic legends
Middle High German literature
German literature of the Late Middle Ages
Jean Olié (24 March 1904 - 2003) was a Général of the French Army and the 1st Inspector of the Autonomous Group of the Foreign Legion serving primarily in the Foreign Legion from 1924 to 1961.
Military career
Jean entered the École spéciale militaire in 1924, and was a commissioned a Sous-lieutenant in 1926 (Rif promotion).
Jean was assigned to the 28th Chasseur Battalion à Pied () on 2 October 1926.
Promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on 1 October 1928, Jean served in the 4th Foreign Regiment 4e R.E. on 10 July 1931 and with the Goums () where they acquired a great deal of cultural knowledge and was an expert connaisseur around Muslim affairs.
Placed hors cadre, on 20 October 1933, at the title of special services of North Africa. They were placed at the disposition resident commissioner general in Morocco.
They were promoted to Captain on 25 December 1935.
Assigned on 7 December 1936, to the directorate of political affairs at Rabat.
They joined the 46th Infantry Regiment () on 1 September 1939.
On 1 November 1940, they were assigned to the mobilization of the general staff headquarters of the 41st Division ().
On 25 December 1941, they were promoted to the rank of Chef de battaillon (Commandant - Major).
In armistice leave on 9 April 1942, they were recruited at the corps of the indigenous affairs controllers of Morocco. Reintegrated in the armistice army on 16 August 1942, they were placed hors cadres at the general staff headquarters of the 15th Military Division.
Detached on 1 December 1942 to the 1e RCA, they then are designated as the general secretariat of the region of Rabat, on 24 March 1943.
On 25 September 1943, they were nominated as a Lieutenant-colonel.
Detached again, on 23 January 1944, to the 1e RCA.
They were assigned to the general staff headquarters of the 3rd Army Corps () of 7 February 1944, then at the general staff headquarters of Army B, on 14 September 1944, as chief of the 3rd bureau of the 1st French Army.
In 1944, they took command of the Marching Regiment of the Foreign Legion RMLE () towards the end of the war, succeeding regimental commander Lieutenant-colonle Louis-Antoine Gaultier.
They were chief of the cabinet of general commandant of the 1st French Army (), from 24 November 1944, then chief of the general staff headquarters of the 3rd Armored Division (), on 18 January 1945.
They were promoted to the rank of Colonel on 25 January 1945.
They entered to general cabinet, Inspector General of the Army, on 10 May 1946.
Commandment of the territories of Agadir-Confins, on 31 May 1947, then, general secretariat of the region of Rabat, on 31 December 1947 and director of indigenous affairs course, on 30 August 1950.
They assumed command of the Autonomous Group of the Foreign Legion in 1950, and was succeeded by their second in command, général Paul Gardy.
Admitted to the 1st section of officer generals on 1 January 1953.
Military cabinet of the general, commissioner general resident of France in Morocco, on 31 August 1954.
They were designated as the Commandant the École spéciale militaire and École militaire interarmes of Saint-Cyr from 1954 to 1956.
They were then nominated as the civilian and military governor of grand Kabylie on 28 August 1956.
They were promoted to Général de division on 1 March 1957.
On 9 August 1958, Jean Olié was put at the disposition of general director of the institute of high studies of national defense () and center of high military studies ().
Elevated to the rank and designation of Général de corps d'armée on 1 January 1959.
They assumed command of the army corps of Constantine on 30 March 1960.
Elevated to the rank and designation of Général d'armée on 8 September 1960.
In 1961, they served simultaneously as Chief of the Military Staff of the President of the Republic of France (), as well as the Secretariat-General for National Defence and Security ().
Jean Olié ended their service as of 1 November 1961. They were admitted by anticipation in the 2nd section of officer generals.
On 30 April 1975, they were the ceremonial chief of the Legion's commemoration of Camarón.
Recognitions and Honors
Grand Croix de la Légion d'honneur
Croix de guerre 1939-1945 (4 palms)
Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures (3 palms)
Croix de la Valeur militaire (3 palms)
Médaille du sauvetage
Chevalier de l'ordre du Mérite agricole
Médaille des évadés
Distinguished Service Order (U.K)
Bronze Star Medal (U.S.)
Honorary Battlefield Badge () (U.S.)
Mérite Militaire Chérifien
They totalized 14 citations and is a Caporal-Chef d'Honneur (Honorary Senior Corporal) of the French Foreign Legion.
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Moroccan Division
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
Jacques Lefort
Pierre Darmuzai
René Lennuyeux
References
Sources
Képi blanc History and Patrimony Division of the French Foreign Legion ()
1904 births
2003 deaths
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
French generals
French military personnel of World War II
Patrick Cumming (or Patrick Cumin) FRSE (1741 – 1820) was a Professor of Oriental Languages at the University of Glasgow, philologist and joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. They are, at that time, the longest served of any known Scottish professor.
Their father has the same name.
Life
They were born in Edinburgh on 11 October 1741 the son of Rev Prof Patrick Cumin, Professor of Church History at the University of Edinburgh and three times Moderator of the Church of Scotland. They went to the University of Edinburgh and graduated with an MA in 1760.
In 1761 they became a professor at the University of Glasgow and held this title until death on 27 October 1820. This period of 59 years as a professor is believed to be the longest such tenure in Scottish history.
In 1783 they were a co-founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
They died on 27 October 1820 in Glasgow.
References
1741 births
1820 deaths
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Norman Anders Sas (March 29, 1925 – June 28, 2012) was an American toy inventor, mechanical engineer and manufacturer who is best known for inventing electric football, a tabletop game popular from the late 1940s until the development of video football games in the 1980s.
Early years
Sas was born in New York in 1925. After graduating from The Bronx High School of Science, they served in the United States Navy and also received bachelor's degrees in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and business administration from the MIT Sloan School of Management after being admitted as part of the V-12 Navy College Training Program. They worked for General Electric on projects involving plastics and gas turbines after graduating from MIT.
Tudor Games and Electric Football
In 1948, Sas became the president of Tudor Metal Products Corporation (later renamed Tudor Games), a company founded by their father. The company had developed table-top car and horse-racing games which used vibrations from a motor to propel figures across a metal surface. Sas developed electric football by applying the prior technology to create a game in which figures were moved across a football field by the vibrations from the motor. Sas recalled the inspiration for the game as follows: "Watching these horses run, I thought, 'Gee! If we could come up with some football figures and get them running against each other, we'd have a football game.'"
The game was released in 1949 and remained in production into the 1980s. Although no longer in production, the game maintained a following among baby-boomers who continued to play it, leading to the formation of the Miniature Football Coaches Association.
In 1967, Sas entered into a licensing agreement with the National Football League allowing the company to use team colors and player names on the game's figures. Over 40 million copies of the game were ultimately sold. Michael David Smith of NBC Sports recalled:
In 2012, a book on the history of electric football and Tudor Games titled The Unforgettable Buzz was published. One of the book's authors, Earl Shores, recalled, "You'd sit there and on the 10th try your running back would turn to the left and magically go down the field for a touchdown. You played Electric Football for that one moment." Shores praised Sas for their ability to sustain the game's popularity: "To be able to run your company for 40 years with the same toy — that puts you in the same company as Monopoly."
The game's popularity waned in the development of video football games. Interviewed in 1998, Sas said, "For the first 10 years, we generated more money for NFL Properties than anyone else. Then the [video] games came out, and that was the beginning of the end."
Later years
Sas lived in Alpine, New Jersey for more than 30 years, where they served on the borough council, planning board and a volunteer for the Reliance Fire Department. They were also a member of the New York Athletic Club, the Knickerbocker Country Club, and the Englewood Field Club.
Sas sold their company to Miggle Toys in the 1980s and retired in 1988. They moved to Vero Beach, Florida in the late 1990s, and died at their home there in June 2012 at age 87. They lived a wonderful life as a kind, hardworking business person, husband, father, and grandfather who was loved by all. They were inducted into the Miniature Football Coaches Association Hall of Fame in August 2012. Sas was survived by their wife, Irene Sas, to whom they had been married for 62 years.
References
1925 births
2012 deaths
Toy inventors
American mechanical engineers
MIT School of Engineering alumni
MIT Sloan School of Management alumni
New Jersey city council members
Politicians from New York City
People from Alpine, New Jersey
People from Vero Beach, Florida
The Bronx High School of Science alumni
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Engineers from New York City
Engineers from New Jersey
Phyllostegia mannii is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Mann's phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it has been known from Maui and Molokai. It has not been observed on Maui since the early 20th century, or on Molokai since 1993, but it probably still exists in unsurveyed areas. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
mannii
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Maui
Biota of Molokai
Robert Agnew (June 4, 1899 – November 8, 1983) was an American movie actor who worked mostly in the silent film era, making 65 films in both the silent and sound eras. They were born in Dayton, Kentucky.
A review of The Heart of Broadway indicates the star power of the actor: "Bobby Agnew, always a favorite with film fans, certainly holds up their record in 'The Heart of Broadway'".
They died in 1983 in Palm Springs, California.
Partial filmography
The Sporting Duchess (1920) - Dick Hammond
The Valley of Doubt (1920) - Tommy
The Frisky Mrs. Johnson (1920) - Lal Birkenread
The Sin That Was Their (1920) - (uncredited)
The Highest Law (1921) - Bobby Goodwin
The Passion Flower (1921) - Faustino Eusebio
The Sign on the Door (1921) - Alan Churchill
The Wonderful Thing (1921) - Laurence Mannerby
Without Fear (1922) - Walter Hamilton
Who Are My Parents? (1922) - Bob Hale
Clarence (1922) - Bobby Wheeler
A Dangerous Adventure (1922, Serial) - Jimmy Morrison
Kick In (1922) - Jerry Brandon
A Dangerous Game (1922) - John Kelley
Pawn Ticket 210 (1922) - Chick Saxe
Three Who Paid (1923) - Hal Sinclair
Trimmed in Scarlet (1923) - David Peirce
Prodigal Daughters (1923) - Lester Hodge
Only 38 (1923) - Bob Stanley
Bluebeard's 8th Wife (1923) - Albert deMarceau
The Marriage Maker (1923) - Cyril Overton
The Spanish Dancer (1923) - Juan
Woman-Proof (1923) - Dick Rockwood
Love's Whirlpool (1924) - Larry
Those Who Dance (1924) - Matt Carney
Broken Barriers (1924) - Bobbie Durland
Wine of Youth (1924) - Bobby Hollister
Wine (1924) - Harry Van Alstyne
Troubles of a Bride (1924) - Robert Wallace
Gold Heels (1924) - Boots
The Denial (1925) - Young Officer
Private Affairs (1925) - Fred Henley
The Man Without a Conscience (1925) - James Warren
Lost: A Wife (1925) - Dick
Tessie (1925) - Roddy Wells
Steppin' Out (1925) - Henry Brodman Jr.
The Great Love (1925) - Dr. Lawrence Tibbits
Wild Oats Lane (1926) - The Boy
The Taxi Mystery (1926) - Harry Canby
Racing Blood (1926) - James Fleminng
Unknown Treasures (1926) - Bob Ramsey
Dancing Days (1926) - Gerald Hedman
Wandering Girls (1927) - Jerry Arnold
Quarantined Rivals (1927) - Bruce Farney
Fourth Commandment (1927) - Sonny
Down the Stretch (1927) - Marty Kruger
Snowbound (1927) - Peter Foley
The Heart of Salome (1927) - Redfern
She's My Baby (1927) - Bobby Horton
The Prince of Headwaiters (1927) - Elliott Cable
Slightly Used (1927) - Donald Woodward
The College Hero (1927) - Bob Cantfield
The Heart of Broadway (1928) - Billy Winters
The Midnight Taxi (1928) - Jack Madison
The Woman Racket (1930) - Rags
French Kisses (1930, Short)
Extravagance (1930) - Billy
The Naughty Flirt (1931) - Wilbur Fairchild
Golddiggers of 1933 (1933) - Dance Director (uncredited)
Little Man, What Now? (1934) - Minor Role (uncredited) (final film role)
References
External links
1899 births
1983 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
People from Dayton, Kentucky
20th-century American male actors
Nufăru is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania, thought to be the short-lived ancient capital of Kievan Rus, Pereyaslavets, and called Prislav until 1968. It is composed of four villages: Ilganii de Jos, Malcoci, Nufăru and Victoria (formerly Pârlita).
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Lincoln is a suburb in West Auckland, New Zealand. It is also the filming location of Shortland Street. The suburb is sometimes called Lincoln North or treated as part of Henderson North to avoid confusion with Lincoln in Canterbury.
Demographics
Lincoln comprises four statistical areas. Henderson Larnoch, Henderson Lincoln West and Henderson Lincoln South are primarily residential. Henderson Lincoln East is primarily commercial.
Residential area
The residential area of Lincoln covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
The residential areas had a population of 9,951 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 888 people (9.8%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 1,506 people (17.8%) since the 2006 census. There were 2,859 households, comprising 4,965 males and 4,986 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.0 males per female, with 2,331 people (23.4%) aged under 15 years, 2,247 (22.6%) aged 15 to 29, 4,404 (44.3%) aged 30 to 64, and 972 (9.8%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 35.5% European/Pākehā, 18.7% Māori, 24.7% Pacific peoples, 34.5% Asian, and 4.0% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 43.5, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 35.4% had no religion, 44.7% were Christian, 1.5% had Māori religious beliefs, 5.7% were Hindu, 2.5% were Muslim, 2.6% were Buddhist and 2.3% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 1,509 (19.8%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 1,503 (19.7%) people had no formal qualifications. 702 people (9.2%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 3,783 (49.6%) people were employed full-time, 912 (12.0%) were part-time, and 468 (6.1%) were unemployed.
Commercial area
The commercial area covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
The commercial area had a population of 138 at the 2018 New Zealand census, a decrease of 171 people (−55.3%) since the 2013 census, and a decrease of 168 people (−54.9%) since the 2006 census. There were 24 households, comprising 75 males and 63 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.19 males per female. The median age was 35.2 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 21 people (15.2%) aged under 15 years, 33 (23.9%) aged 15 to 29, 78 (56.5%) aged 30 to 64, and 9 (6.5%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 60.9% European/Pākehā, 10.9% Māori, 8.7% Pacific peoples, 30.4% Asian, and 4.3% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 34.8, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 30.4% had no religion, 56.5% were Christian, 4.3% were Hindu and 4.3% were Buddhist.
Of those at least 15 years old, 27 (23.1%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 12 (10.3%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $24,500, compared with $31,800 nationally. 21 people (17.9%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 60 (51.3%) people were employed full-time, 24 (20.5%) were part-time, and 6 (5.1%) were unemployed.
Individual statistical areas
Main Roads
The Northwestern Motorway passes through the northern part of the suburb, with the "Lincoln Road" junction providing access.
Lincoln Road runs through the suburb and is the main road for the suburb with Universal Drive and Central Park Drive the main support routes in and out of the suburbs.
Main centres
Lincoln North mall is a small shopping centre on the corner of Lincoln Road and Universal Drive, and across Universal Drive are a Pak'n Save supermarket and Mitre 10 megastore.
Schools
Pomaria Road School is a contributing primary (years 1-6) school with a roll of students. The school opened about 1960. It has operated a Kohanga Reo (Māori language immersion kindergarten) since 1992.
ACG Sunderland School and College is a private school with a roll of students. They opened at the beginning of 2007.
Both schools are coeducational. Rolls are as of
Henderson High School, Liston College and St Dominic's College are in Henderson North to the south of Lincoln.
Notes
Suburbs of Auckland
Henderson-Massey Local Board Area
Populated places around the Waitematā Harbour
Medalists
Standings
Men's Competition
References
Complete 1987 Mediterranean Games Standings Archived
1987 in water polo
Sports at the 1987 Mediterranean Games
1987
1987
Massimo Mutarelli (born 13 January 1978) is an Italian retired football midfielder.
Career
Mutarelli started their career at Serie A club Atalanta, making their debut in April 1996 in a 3–1 loss at home to Lazio.
After four seasons in Bergamo, Mutarelli was sold to Genoa in January 1998. With Genoa, Mutarelli made 138 appearances in Serie B.
In 2002, Mutarelli moved again, this time south to Palermo. They spent two seasons in Serie B with the rosanero, before the club made a glorious return to Serie A in 2004–05. They continued their excellent form in the top flight, and after one season was rewarded with a move to the capital club Lazio, signed a 5-year contract as a free agent.
Mutarelli's first season with the Biancocelesti was a good one, and they capped off a quality first season in Rome, with a goal in the historic 3–0 Derby win over inter-city rivals Roma.
In 2007–08, Mutarelli was hampered by injuries and did not have a season as successful as the last. They made their debut in the UEFA Champions League but was sent off against Werder Bremen.
Involved in a contract dispute after having been frozen out of the Lazio side at the beginning of the 2008–09 season, Mutarelli took their case to court and was freed from their contract. They then joined Bologna in January 2009.
External links
Official Lazio website profile
Profile at Eurosport
Biography of Mutarelli
1978 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Como
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Atalanta B.C. players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Palermo F.C. players
S.S. Lazio players
Bologna F.C. 1909 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Lombardy
Moneychangers may refer to :
the novel The Moneychangers and its derivates
the plural of Money changer
The Moneychanger, a 2019 Uruguayan film
Herbert Greenwald (August 16, 1915 – February 3, 1959) was a Chicago real estate developer who utilized Ludwig Mies van der Rohe as the design architect for several landmark modern residential buildings.
Personal life
Herbert "Squiff" Greenwald was born and raised in St. Louis. They pursued rabbinical studies at Yeshiva University in New York. After serving in the military during World War II, they studied philosophy at University of Chicago. They used money inherited from the death of their mother in 1949 to go into the real estate business with Samuel Katzin.
Herbert S. Greenwald was married to Lillian Feldman Greenwald (Dec. 31, 1915 to Sept. 7, 2007). They had two sons, Michael and Bennet. Together they supported artists including: Leon Golub, Nancy Spero, Cosmo Campoli, Misch Cohen, Ruth Duckworth, Richard Hunt (sculptor), David Sharpe, Martha Schlamme and Abraham Stokman.
Lillian Greenwald earned a BA degree and a M.SW degree from the University of Chicago. They served on the Visiting Committee of the University's School of Social Services Administration and may have influenced the decision to use Mies van der Rohe to design the School of Social Services building.
Real estate development
Greenwald developed three residential buildings in Evanston, Il by 1946. Mr. Greenwald sought a famous architect to design their first important building. After failing to hire Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier, Eliel Saarinen, and Walter Gropius. They followed Gropius's recommendation to hire Mies van der Rohe.
Greenwald utilized Mies on several projects including:
The Promontory, 5530 S. South Shore Drive, Chicago, IL (1949)
Algonquin Apartments, 1606 E Hyde Park Blvd, Chicago, IL (1949-1951)
860-880 Lake Shore Drive Apartments, Chicago, IL (1949-1951)
900-910 North Lake Shore Esplanade Apartments, Chicago, IL (1953-1956)
Commonwealth Plaza, 330-340 W. Diversey Parkway, Chicago, IL (1953-1956)
Lafayette Park, Detroit, MI (1955-1963)
Additionally, they worked with Mies on several unbuilt designs including:
1300 Lake Shore Drive Apartments, Chicago, IL (1953-1956)
Chestnut and DeWitt Apartments, Chicago, IL (1953-1956)
Commonwealth Promenade Apartments, Chicago, IL (1953-1956) Note: Two of the buildings were built.
Herbert Greenwald House, Lake Forest, IL (1955)
Diversey-Lake Shore Drive Apartments, Chicago, IL (1956-1958)
Hyde Park Urban Renewal, Chicago, IL (1959)
Lafayette Park Detroit, MI (1955-1963)
Bay Street at Hyde San Francisco, CA (1958)
Mies Designed Single Family Homes
In addition to the proposed home for Herbert Greenwald in Lake Forest, Mies designed single family homes for:
Greenwald's brother, Morris Greenwald. The home was later renovated and expanded by Peter Gluck, located at 11 Homeward Lakes, Weston, Connecticut
Greenwald's business partner, Robert Hall McCormick. The home is now part of the Elmhurst Art Museum in Illinois.
Death
Greenwald died in the crash of American Airlines Flight 320 from Midway International Airport to New York City's LaGuardia Airport on February 3, 1959. The plane crashed in the East River and their body was not recovered. Their estate was paid $287,000 by the insurance company.
Successor Firm - Metropolitan Structures
After their death, their real estate firm, Herbert Realty Co., was renamed Metropolitan Structures. Under the leadership of Bernard Weissbourd, the firm developed Illinois Center in Chicago and other properties throughout the United States including
Colonnade and Pavilion Apartment Buildings, Newark, NJ (1960)
One Charles Center, Baltimore, MD (1962)
Highfield House, Baltimore, MD (1964)
2400 N. Lakeview, Chicago, IL (1964)
100 and 200 rue de Gaspé, Nuns' Island, Montreal, Canada (1962)
Nuns' Island gas station, Montreal, Canada (1969)
Illinois Center and 111 East Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL
References
Bibliography
They Built Chicago: Entrepreneurs Who Shaped a Great City's Architecture by Miles L. Berger August, 1992
Mies, IIT, and the Second Chicago School Ryerson and Burnham Archives, The Art Institute of Chicago
1915 births
1959 deaths
Accidental deaths in New York (state)
Businesspeople from Chicago
Businesspeople from St. Louis
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe buildings
Military personnel from St. Louis
University of Chicago alumni
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1959
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in the United States
Yeshiva University alumni
20th-century American businesspeople
Richard Walter is an American forensic psychologist for the Michigan prison system, a crime scene analyst and one of the creators of modern criminal profiling.
Career
Walter developed a number of psychological classifications for violent crime, and is a co-founder of the Vidocq Society, an organization of forensic professionals dedicated to solving cold cases. As a psychologist for Michigan's prison system, they have interviewed more than 22,000 convicted felons.
They and Robert D. Keppel, then the chief investigator for the Attorney General's Office in the State of Washington, wrote Profiling Killers: A Revised Classification Model for Understanding Sexual Murder. Keppel created the Homicide Information Tracking Unit (HITS) database, to which Walter was a prolific contributor. Walter was the first to develop a matrix as a tool of investigation using pre-crime, crime and post-crime behaviors to help develop suspects.
The Vidocq Society and its three co-founders, including Walter, were the subject of a 2010 book by Michael Capuzzo entitled The Murder Room: The Heirs of Sherlock Holmes Gather to Solve the World's Most Perplexing Cold Cases. Walter is also a Fellow of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences, a Fellow of the Royal Society of Medicine/Clinical Forensic Medicine, A Fellow of the Australasian College of Biomedical Sciences and a 22-year prison psychologist for the state of Michigan. They give lectures to police organizations and has been featured on television programs.
Notable cases
In 1989, Walter provided the psychological profile for mass murderer John List, who had evaded detection for 18 years. Using Walter's profile, forensic sculptor Frank Bender was able to create a bust of List that was accurately aged to reflect the changes in the unseen List's face over the years. This was featured on an episode of America's Most Wanted; the sculpture was so similar to List's current appearance that they were captured the next day.
In Lubbock, Texas in 1999, City Police solved the murder of Scott Dunn with Walter's aid. This is a rare case where a conviction was garnered in the absence of a body. The case is chronicled in the book Trail of Blood" by Wanda Evans and in the television series Medical Detectives
In 2005, the Hudson, Wisconsin Police Department consulted with the Vidocq Society on the 2002 double homicide of Dan O'Connell and James Ellison. With the help of Walter, the Hudson Police Department solved the case. The murderer was Fr. Ryan Erickson, a Roman Catholic priest who was trying to prevent O'Connell from going public with child molestation allegations. Shortly before they could be arrested, Fr. Erickson hanged themselves inside the offices of their own church.
The Drake Case
In October 1982, Walter testified in Niagara County (NY) Supreme Court in the double murder trial of Robie J. Drake, who was convicted of killing fellow high school classmates Steven Rosenthal, 18, and Amy Smith, 16, in a "lover's lane" killing. Shortly before midnight on Dec. 5, 1981, Drake fired 19 rounds from a semiautomatic .22-caliber rifle into a 1969 Chevrolet Nova. They killed Smith with two shots in the back of the head, and shot Rosenthal fourteen times in the face and upper body. With Rosenthal still groaning, Drake admitted they stabbed them in the back with a 71/2-inch hunting knife, according to The Buffalo News. They removed Smith from the car, bit their breasts and tried to sexually assault them with a flashlight. Drake was caught by police at a landfill as they tried to stuff Smith's nude body into the trunk. They were sentenced to two consecutive terms of 20 years to life.
In 2003, after 27 years of appeals, Drake was granted a new trial when the U. S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Walter had inflated their resume and committed perjury in the 1982 trial. The American Academy of Forensic Sciences (AAFS) twice investigated Drake's allegations against Walter and found Walter innocent of any wrongdoing. The Vidocq Society, the international pro-bono crime-fighting organization that Walter helped establish, also investigated the allegations and also cleared them of wrongdoing. In the course of writing their book on the Vidocq Society, The Murder Room, author Michael Capuzzo investigated the allegations and found them groundless. "Drake did what criminals do," Walter told Capuzzo in an interview. "He lied and tried to take advantage of people and the system. Justice took a holiday in this case, and I ended up with an undeserved scar of war with crime. Occasionally bottom-dwellers in the forensic community will try to exploit Drake's lies on the internet. But I've simply gone on to do some good work while choosing to avoid lawyers and chalk it up to "life is not always fair."
In May 2010, Drake got their new trial in Niagara County. They were convicted again and received a longer sentence, two consecutive terms of 25 years to life, The Buffalo News reported.
Notes
External links
Interview at Mansfield University
Another interview at MU, 6 months later
Vidocq Society and Richard Walter solve Leah Freeman's case (20/20 video mentioned on the interviews above)
"Man granted new trial in 1981 slaying of two North Tonawanda students: Appeals court calls testimony by expert in case ‘quackery'", Buffalo News, January 27, 2009
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Offender profiling
Criminal investigation
Forensic psychologists
Pandaridae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera
Genera:
Achtheinus Wilson, 1908
Amaterasia Izawa, 2008
Cecrops Leach, 1816
References
Copepods
The R587 road is a regional road in Ireland, located in County Cork.
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Cork
Samer Abu Hawwash (born 1972) is a Palestinian writer and translator. They were born in Lebanon to a Palestinian refugee family. They have published around ten volumes of poetry, starting with their debut collection Life is Printed in New York (1997).  They are also a prolific translator of English-language fiction and non-fiction. Among their notable translations are works by Charles Bukowski, Langston Hughes, Jack Kerouac, Yann Martel, Hanif Kureishi, Denis Johnson and Marilynne Robinson.
They live in the UAE.
References
Palestinian writers
1972 births
Living people
Heart-Aid Shisen (, ) was a major fund raising concert held on July 14, 2008 in Tokyo, Japan for the victims of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. Featuring artists from across East Asia (most of whom were well known in Japan), the concert was organized by Jackie Chan and Judy Ongg. The event helped raise over 27 million Japanese Yen.
Participants
Mainland China
alan
Yao Xinfeng, Zhao Lei, Yu Bin, Tang Xiaofeng, Qian Jun and Liu Yi from "Togi + Bao"
Hong Kong
Jackie Chan
Sandy Lam
Aaron Kwok
Ekin Cheng
Taiwan
Judy Ongg
Japan
w-inds. (Ryohei Chiba, Keita Tachibana, Ryuichi Ogata)
Kosetsu Minami
Kousuke Atari
JAYWALK (Kouichi Nakamura, Masateru Asakawa, Hiroshi Sugita)
Iruka (Toshie Kamibe)
Terumasa Hino
Hideki Togi from "Togi + Bao"
Akina Nakamori
South Korea
John Hoon
JULY (Jang Joon-Woo)
References
Official website (Japanese)
Official website (simplified Chinese)
Music festivals in Japan
2008 Sichuan earthquake
Raymond C. Crittenden IV (born March 1, 1970 in Washington D.C.) is a former American football wide receiver who played three sports in college at Virginia Tech  They are a graduate of Annandale High School in Annandale, Virginia. Crittenden attended Virginia Tech on a soccer scholarship, and set tech single-season records for goals (15) and points (34). They played football in their final two years for the Hokies, when they caught nine passes for 113 yards and returned seven kickoffs for a 19.9-yard average. They were also on the basketball team. Their accomplishments at Tech earned them a spot in the university's sports hall of fame.
Crittenden's speed caught the attention of pro scouts, even though they played sparingly as a college football player. They were consistently running sub-4.4 40-yard dashes. They were undrafted in the 1993 NFL Draft, but was signed by the New England Patriots following spring min-camp. Crittenden played in 46 games (44 with New England and 2 with the San Diego Chargers), catching 44 passes for 672 yards and 4 touchdowns.
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Washington, D.C.
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
New England Patriots players
San Diego Chargers players
American football wide receivers
People from Annandale, Virginia
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
Annandale High School alumni
Kunki (; Dargwa: Кьункьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 780 as of 2010. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Kunki is located 52 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Ashty and Khuduts are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
John W. Arthur was a Scottish rugby football player.
Rugby career
John W. Arthur represented Scotland in 1871 in the first international match. They were capped again on the return fixture the following year. They also played for Glasgow Academicals.
Family
They were the brother of Sir Allan Arthur, who was also capped for Scotland.
Their son, Dr. J. W. Arthur, played for London Scottish, and was later ordained as a missionary to go to British South Africa.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1848 births
1921 deaths
Scottish rugby union players
Scotland international rugby union players
Glasgow Academicals rugby union players
Glasgow District (rugby union) players
Rugby union players from Glasgow
Hatim al-Tai (, Hatim of the Tayy tribe; died 578), full name Ḥātim bin ʿAbd Allāh bin Saʿd aṭ-Ṭāʾiyy () was the ruling prince and poet of the Tayy tribe of Arabia. Stories about their extreme generosity have made them an icon among Arabs up until today, as evident in the proverbial phrase "more generous than Hatim" (). Additionally, they are known to be a model of Arab manliness. The tales of Hatim are also popular in Northern India and Pakistan, where they are known as Hatimtai (हातिमताई).
Their son was Adi ibn Hatim, who was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.
Biography
Al-Tai lived in Ha'il in the present-day Saudi Arabia and was mentioned in some hadiths attributed to Muhammad. They died in 578 AD and was buried in Tuwarin, Ha'il. Their tomb is described in the Arabian Nights. Their name ‘Hatim' means “black crow” in Arabic.
They lived in the sixth century CE and also figures in the Arabian Nights stories. The celebrated Persian poet Saadi, in their work Gulistan (1259 CE) wrote:
"Hatim Taï no longer exists but their exalted name will remain famous for virtue to eternity. Distribute the tithe of your wealth in alms; for when the husbandman lops off the exuberant branches from the vine, it produces an increase of grapes".  They are also mentioned in Saadi's Bostan (1257). According to legends in various books and stories, they were a famous personality in the region of Ta'i (present day Ha'il) and is also a well-known figure in the rest of the Middle East as well as the Indian subcontinent, featuring in many books, films and TV series in Arabic, Persian, Urdu, Turkish, Hindi, Kashmiri and various other languages.
Rozat-ul-Sufa mentions that "In the eighth year after the birth of their eminence the Prophet (Muhammad), died Noushirwan the Just, and Hatemtai the generous, both famous for their virtues", around 579 CE. According to the 17th-century orientalist D'Herbelot, their tomb was located at a small village called Anwarz, in Arabia.
Works
Poems:
On Avarice by Hatem Taiy
Qissa-e-Hatem-tai
Qissa-e-Hatem-tai (), alternatively Dastan-e-Hatem-tai (), meaning "The Tale of Hatemtai" is very popular in the Indian subcontinent. Multiple films (see below) have been made about Hatim based on this story, which narrates seven of their fantastic adventures in seven chapters.
The books on the story usually consist of a short introduction describing their ancestry and character and tells the seven episodes based on seven riddles, asked by a beautiful and rich woman named Husn Banu (), who will marry only the person who is able to obtain answers to all seven of them. The riddles are:
'What I saw once, I long for a second time.'
'Do good, and cast it upon the waters.'
'Do no evil; if you do, such shall you meet with.'
'He who speaks the truth is always tranquil.'
'Let them bring an account of the mountain of Nida.'
'Let them produce a pearl of the size of a duck's egg.'
'Let them bring an account of the bath of Badgard.'
A king, who falls in love with them but unable to find answers, tells the generous Hatemtai, whom they meet by chance, all about it. Hatim undertakes the quest to find the answers and help the king marry them
Films
Hatimtai, a 1929 Indian film
Hatimtai, a 1933 Indian film
Hatimtai, a 1947 Indian film
Hatimtai Ki Beti, a 1955 Indian film
Sakhi Hatim, a 1955 Indian film
Hatim Tai (1956), directed by Homi Wadia
Shan-E-Hatim, a 1958 Indian film
Son of Hatimtai, a 1965 Indian film
Saat Sawal (1971), directed by Babubhai Mistry
Hatim Tai (1990), directed by Babubhai Mistry
TV series
Dastaan-e-Hatimtai - An Indian TV Series aired on DD National.
Hatim - An Indian TV Series on Star Plus in 2003-04
The Adventures of Hatim - A 2013 Indian TV Series on Life OK
See also
Ka'b Ibn Mama
References
Further reading
The Story of Hatim in The Arabian Nights (AD 800–900 in modern form).
The Adventures of Hatim Tai (Qissa-e-Hatim Tai, from an 1824 Persian manuscript) by Duncan Forbes.
Adventures of the second Darwesh in Bagh-o-Bahar or Qissa Chahar Darvesh, Mir Amman of Delhi, Urdu 1804, translated by Duncan Forbes''
Edward FitzGerald (1809–1883) mentions Hatim Tai in their translations of the Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam. See quatrain IX in Fitzgerald's first edition:
"But come with old Khayyam, and leave the Lot
Of Kaikobad and Kaikhosru forgot:
Let Rustum lay about them as they will,
Or Hatem Taiy cry Supper--heed them not."
Many books written and translated in Arabic, Persian, Urdu, Hindi etc.
Hatem Tai in Tamil by Prema Pirasuram
External links
578 deaths
6th-century Arabs
One Thousand and One Nights characters
Pre-Islamic Arabian poets
Year of birth unknown
Tayy
6th-century Arabic poets
Yemeni poets
The Darlington Trail is a hiking trail of in south-central Pennsylvania. Its western end is at a junction with the Tuscarora Trail and the Appalachian Trail. Its eastern end is northwest of Harrisburg at Tower Road, which is only accessible for rugged vehicles.
History and route
The Darlington Trail predates the Appalachian Trail, and was founded in 1908 by the former Pennsylvania Alpine Club. It was named for the secretary of the club, Bishop Darlington of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Harrisburg. The trail was originally much longer, reaching from near Chambersburg in the southwest to a vista over the Susquehanna River at its northeastern end. The trail was adopted by the Susquehanna Appalachian Trail Club in 1954, after it had mostly deteriorated. A portion of the original route was later incorporated into the Appalachian Trail. Near the trail's present western end, Darlington Shelter is commonly used by hikers on the Tuscarora and Appalachian Trails. The Darlington Trail also features two evenly-spaced camping shelters of its own at Millers Gap and Lambs Gap.
References
Hiking trails in Pennsylvania
1908 establishments in Pennsylvania
Research on Social Work Practice is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social work, including community practice, organizational management, and the evaluation of social policies. The journal's editor-in-chief is Bruce A. Thyer (Florida State University College of Social Work). It was established in 1991 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Research on Social Work Practice is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.929, ranking it 8 out of 42 journals in the category "Social Work".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Sociology journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1991
The azure-breasted pitta (Pitta steerii) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae. It is a striking and colorful bird having colors of red, azure, green, black and white, It is endemic to the islands of Mindanao, Bohol, Leyte and Samar in the Philippines. Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description and Taxonomy
EBird describes the bird as "A medium-sized, long-legged bird of lowland and foothill forest floor and undergrowth in the southern Philippines. Green on the back, with a black head and back of the neck, a pale blue wing with a black edge, pale blue underparts with a black patch on the belly, and red under the base of the tail. Similar to Hooded pitta especially if viewed from the back, but has a pale blue chest and a white throat. Song is a short series of medium-pitched barks, “rak-rak-rak-rak-rak!”"
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
P. s. steeri - Found on Mindanao; Darker and has a stronger green tinge
P. s. coelestis - Found on Bohol, Leyte and Samar; Paler in colour
Habitat and Conservation Status
It is found in tropical moist lowland forest with dense understory up to 1,000 meters above sea level but more common below 600 meters. It prefers forests with limestone outcrops
IUCN has assessed this bird as Vulnerable with the population being estimated at 2,500 to 9,999 mature individuals remaining. This species' main threat is habitat loss with wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range. The most effected part of its range is Bohol which only has 4% forest cover remaining.
Only a few areas are protected in Rajah Sikatuna Protected Landscape in Bohol and Samar Island Natural Park but actual protection and enforcement from illegal logging and hunting are lax.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
azure-breasted pitta
Endemic birds of the Philippines
Birds of Mindanao
Fauna of Bohol
Fauna of Leyte
Fauna of Samar
azure-breasted pitta
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kuura may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kuura, Lääne-Viru County, village in Estonia
Kuura, Võru County, village in Estonia
Kuura River, river in Estonia
Er. Prof. Simon Haykin is Professor of Electrical Engineering; noted for their pioneering work in Adaptive Signal Processing with emphasis on applications to Radar Engineering and Telecom Technology.  They are currently Distinguished University Professor at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.
They received BSc (First-Class Honours); Ph.D., and DSc., degrees-all in Electrical Engineering from University of Birmingham, UK (England).  They are a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada, and a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers. In 2002 they became a recipient of Henry Booker Gold Medal from URSI and in 1999 received Hon. Degree of Doctor of Technical Science from ETH Zurich, Switzerland, and many other medals and prizes.
In mid-1980s, they shifted the thrust of their research effort in the direction of neural computation, which was re-emerging at that time and intrinsically resembled Adaptive Signal Processing. All along, they had a vision of revisiting fields of radar engineering and telecom technology from a brand-new perspective. That vision became a reality in early years of this century with publication of two seminal journal papers:
“Cognitive Radio: Brain-empowered Wireless communications”, which appeared in IEEE J. Selected Areas in Communications, Feb. 2005.
“Cognitive Radar: A Way of the Future”, which appeared in the IEEE J. Signal Processing, Feb. 2006.
Cognitive Radio and Cognitive Radar are two important parts of a much wider and integrative field: Cognitive Dynamic Systems, research into which has become their passion.
Awards and honours
Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
Henry Booker Gold Medal from the International Union of Radio Science, 2002
Honorary Doctor of Technical Sciences from ETH Zurich, Switzerland, 1999
2016 IEEE James H. Mulligan Jr. Education Medal
Books
S. Haykin, Adaptive Filter Theory, 5th Edition, Prentice Hall, 2013.
S. Haykin, Neural Networks and Learning Machines (3rd Edition), Prentice Hall, 2009
S. Haykin and M. Reed, Statistical Communication Theory, Wiley.
S. Haykin and M. Moher, Introduction to Analog and Digital Communications, Second Edition, Wiley.
S. Haykin and M. Moher, Modern Wireless Communications: Prentice-Hall 2004.
S. Haykin and B. Van Veen, Signals and Systems, Second Edition, Wiley, 2003.
S. Haykin and B. Widrow, (eds.), Least Mean-Square Filters: New insights and developments, Wiley-Interscience, 2002.
S. Haykin, Adaptive Filter Theory, 4th Edition, Prentice Hall, 2002.
S. Haykin and B. Kosko (ed.), Intelligent Signal Processing, IEEE Press, 2001
P. Yee and S. Haykin, Regularized Radial Basis Function Networks, Wiley, 2001
S. Haykin, Communication Systems, Fourth Edition, Wiley, 2001.
S. Haykin (ed.), Unsupervised Adaptive Filtering, Vol. I and II, Wiley, 2000
S. Haykin and S.Puthusserypady, Chaotic Dynamics of Sea Clutter, Wiley, 1999.
S. Haykin, Neural Networks: A Comprehensive Foundation, 2nd Edition, Prentice-Hall, 1999.
S. Haykin and B. Van Veen, “Signals and Systems”, Wiley, 1998
S. Haykin, “Adaptive Filter Theory”, 3rd Edition, Prentice-Hall, 1996.
S. Haykin (editor), Advances in Spectrum Analysis and Array Processing, Vol. III, Prentice-Hall, 1994.
S. Haykin, “Communications Systems”, Third Edition, Wiley, 1994.
S. Haykin, E. Lewis, K. Raney, and J. Rossiter, editors, “Remote Sensing of Sea Ice”, Wiley-Interscience, 1994.
S. Haykin (editor), “Blind Deconvolution”, Prentice-Hall, 1994.
S. Haykin and A. Steinhardt, “Radar Detection and Estimation”, Wiley, 1992.
S. Haykin, J. Litva, and T. Shepherd (editors), “Radar Array Processing”, Springer-Verlag, 1992.
S. Haykin, “Adaptive Filter Theory”, Second Edition, Prentice Hall, 1991.
S. Haykin (editor), “Advances in Spectrum Estimation and Array Processing”. Volumes I and II, Prentice-Hall, 1991.
S. Haykin, “An Introduction to Analog and Digital Communications”, Wiley, 1989.
S. Haykin, “Modern Filters”, Macmillan, 1989.
S. Haykin, “Digital Communications”, Wiley, 1988.
S. Haykin (editor), “Selected Topics in Signal Processing”, Prentice-Hall, 1988.
E. Lewis, B. Currie and S. Haykin, “Surface-based Radar Detection and Classification of Sea Ice”, Research Studies Press Ltd. (United Kingdom), 1987.
S. Haykin, “Adaptive Filter Theory”, Prentice-Hall, 1986.
S. Haykin, “Array Signal Processing”, Prentice-Hall, 1984.
S. Haykin, “Communications Systems”, Second Edition, Wiley, 1983.
S. Haykin (editor), “Nonlinear Methods of Spectral Analysis”, Second Edition, Springer-Verlag, 1983.
S. Haykin (editor), “Array Processing: Applications to Radar”, Dowden, Hutchison and Ross, 1980.
S. Haykin (editor), “Detection and Estimation: Applications to Radar”, Dowden, Hutchison and Ross, 1979.
S. Haykin, “Nonlinear Methods of Spectral Analysis:, Springer-Verlag, 1979.
S. Haykin, “Communications Signals and Systems”, Wiley, 1978.
References
External links
Simon Haykin's lab
Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Electrical engineering academics
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jiankang (present-day Nanjing) was the capital of the Six Dynasties in imperial China.
Jiankang may also refer to:
Jiankang (144), era name used by Emperor Shun of Han
Jiankang (319–320), era name used by Sima Bao
Rigaud, Pons & Compagnie was a bookselling firm in Montpellier, France, in the 18th century.
Titles published by the firm
See also
Books in France
References
French booksellers
Organizations based in Montpellier
Mazhuchishte is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 346 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 345
Others 1
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Dacrydium cupressinum, commonly known as rimu, is a large evergreen coniferous tree endemic to the forests of New Zealand. It is a member of the southern conifer group, the podocarps. The former name "red pine" has fallen out of common use.
Distribution
Rimu grows throughout New Zealand, in the North Island, South Island and Stewart Island/Rakiura. This species is common in lowland and montane forest. Although the largest concentration of trees is now found on the West Coast of the South Island, the biggest trees tend to be in mixed podocarp forest near Taupo (e.g., Pureora, Waihaha, and Whirinaki Forests). A typical North Island habitat is in the Hamilton Ecological District, where Fuscospora truncata and rimu form the overstory. Associate ferns on the forest floor are Blechnum discolor, Blechnum filiforme, Asplenium flaccidum and Hymenophyllum demissum. An 800-year-old rimu tree can be seen at the Otari-Wilton's Bush in Wellington.
Description
Rimu is a slow-growing tree, eventually attaining a height of up to 50 m, although most surviving large trees are 20 to 35 m tall. It typically appears as an emergent from mixed broadleaf temperate rainforest, although there are almost pure stands (especially on the west coast of the South Island). There are historical accounts of exceptionally tall trees, 61 m, from dense forest near National Park in the central North Island, now destroyed. Its lifespan is approximately 800 to 900 years. The straight trunk of the rimu is generally 1.5 m in diameter, but may be larger in old or very tall specimens.
The leaves are spirally arranged, awl-shaped, up to 7 mm long on juvenile plants, and 1 mm wide; and 2 to 3 mm long on mature trees. It is dioecious, with male and female cones on separate trees; the seeds take 15 months to mature after pollination. The mature cones comprise a swollen red fleshy scale six to ten mm long bearing one (rarely two) apical seeds 4 mm long. The seeds are dispersed by birds which eat the fleshy scale and pass the seed on in their droppings; the cones are an important food resource for some species, particularly the kakapo, whose breeding cycle has been linked to the fruiting cycle of the tree.
Uses
Māori originally used the resinous heartwood of rimu (called māpara or kāpara) for wooden items such as heru (combs) and fernroot beaters. Historically, rimu and other native trees such as kauri, matai and totara were the main sources of wood for New Zealand, including furniture and house construction. However, many of New Zealand's original stands of rimu have been destroyed, and recent government policies forbid the felling of rimu in public forests, though allowing limited logging on private land. Pinus radiata has now replaced rimu in most industries, although rimu remains popular for the production of high quality wooden furniture. There is also limited recovery of stump and root wood, from trees felled many years before, for use in making bowls and other wood turned objects.
The inner bark can also be used to treat burns and cuts.
In cultivation
Although slow to establish, with a long juvenile period and fairly high moisture requirements, rimu is widely grown as an ornamental tree in New Zealand. It is attractive at all growth stages, usually quite narrow when young, then developing into a broader tree with weeping branches before finally progressing to its more upright adult form. While rimu does exhibit some variation in the wild, garden cultivars are largely unknown, except for one recent introduction, 'Charisma', which is a compact, golden-foliaged form.
References
External links
cupressinum
Trees of New Zealand
Trees of mild maritime climate
Least concern plants
Plants used in traditional Māori medicine
Dromineer () is a small village and townland in County Tipperary, Ireland. It is situated on the shores of Lough Derg on the River Shannon. The village is located 10 km north of Nenagh on the R495 road. It is a civil parish in the historical barony of Ormond Lower. Historic documents describe the places as "Dromynnyre".
Features
Home to an ivy-clad ruinous 13th-century Kennedy tower house, public harbour and other facilities, it is a destination for some tourists, including those interested in boating on the lake. The name Dromineer in Irish is "Drom Inbhir", meaning the back of the ford of the river.
Amenities in Dromineer include a pub with a restaurant, holiday accommodation, a café, a children's playground, a public marina, a private marina and boating clubs.
Dromineer is home to the Lough Derg Lifeboat, which is the RNLI's third inland lifeboat station and was the first inland station in the Republic of Ireland. During 2013 the Lough Derg Lifeboat launched 20 times and rescued 33 people.
Buildings of note
In addition to the O'Kennedy towerhouse (ruined), structures listed as being protected by Tipperary County Council in the area include Dromineer Quay and Canal store. Both of these date from around 1845 (RPS Refs S568 and S569).
Two corrugated iron roofed houses summer houses from the 1920s overlook the lake (RPS Refs S571 and S572).
Dromineer Castle (tower house)
This castle/towerhouse began as a 13th-century hall house and was later converted into a tower house in the 15th/16th century. It was built by the followers of Thomas Butler Esq. in the 13th century. The hall house was originally only two storeys high, but two additional storeys were later added, and vaults added to the ground floor. A base batter is present and can be attributed to the earlier structure. The conversion to a castle/towerhouse has resulted in a rectangular shape to the castle which is 11×15 metres. By 1299, the Cantwell family were tenants, with Thomas Cantwell paying taxes on the castle.
The building then fell into Gaelic hands, and the Ormond O'Kennedys were responsible for the remodelling of the building into a tower house. Many of the windows were modified during the conversion from hall to tower house.
In 1582 the Butler Earls of Ormond re-captured the castle/towerhouse, and the Cantwells returned as tenants until c. 1640.
In the Civil Survey of 1654–56 the castle was described as the "Mannor of Dromineer &c appertaineth a Courte Leete & Courte Barron with all the Rights privileges & immunities belonging to a mannor. Uppon the sd lands stands an old castle, six thatch houses, and fowerteene cottages." The proprietor of the castle in 1640 was John Cantwell, of Cantwells Court, in Kilkenny.
In 1650, the castle was seized by Cromwellian forces and garrisoned. It was returned the Earl of Ormond following the occupation by Cromwell. It was occupied until 1688. The castle/towerhouse fell into ruin in the late 17th century and was sold by the Earl of Ormond in the late 19th century.
A bawn wall also surrounds the castle in places. Many of the large quadrangular windows are 17th-century features.
Dromineer Church
This church may have been built in the 10th century. The tradition states that the monks from Holy Island built it.
It is located in the parish of Puckane & Carrig, which consists of a total of 71 townlands and is 18,310 statute acres or approximately 28.6 square miles in extent. The parish has a number of sites that have Early Christian religious associations, including Dromineer. Folklore recalls four places in the parish where Mass was secretly celebrated during the Penal Days.
The parish was traditionally known as ‘Monsea', ‘Monsea & Kilodiernan' or ‘Monsea & Cloughprior'. These names reflect its origins because the present parish is an amalgamation of five medieval parishes, Cloughprior, Dromineer, Kilodiernan, Knigh and Monsea. The ruined churches at Dromineer were built in the Romanesque style, while those at Cloughprior, Knigh and Monsea were built in the Gothic style of the fifteenth century. The graveyards surrounding those churches are still used for burials and Mass is celebrated in each annually.
Church construction employed exceptionally large blocks of stone. It was extended in 12th century in the Celtic Romanesque style. The west doorway was still standing in the 1830s when John O'Donovan was here. Carvings include dogs' heads with bulging eyes. The church is located in the graveyard adjoining the public house.
Sport and recreation
The local GAA club is Kildangan GAA. Fishing is also a popular activity in the area, both on the lake and the nearby Nenagh River.
Boating in Dromineer is served by both public and private marinas. The area is home to Nenagh Boat Club, Shannon Sailing Club and the Lough Derg Yacht Club which is the twenty third-oldest yacht club in the world, and seventh oldest in Ireland having been founded in 1835 and one of two remaining yacht clubs with a fleet of Shannon-One-Design sailing dinghies, the North Shannon Yacht Club having folded.
Dromineer is on one of the North Tipperary Cycle Routes. The 65 km route starts at Banba Square, Nenagh and is listed as a half-day cycle.
The Lough Derg Way is a long-distance walking trail between Limerick City and Dromineer. It is designated as a National Waymarked Trail by the National Trails Office of the Irish Sports Council and is managed by Shannon Development, Tipperary County Council and Tipperary Integrated Development Company. The trail was reconfigured and relaunched in 2011 with many sections taken off road aided by an investment of €115,000 under the Comhairle na Tuaithe Walks Scheme, which supports landowners to maintain trails that cross their land. The trail connects with the East Clare Way at Killaoe. Sli Eala ("The Way of the Swan" in Irish) is a public walkway between Nenagh and Dromineer. For much of its length it follows the Nenagh River where mute swans can be seen. The route passes Annaghbeg bridge and Ballyartella Mills on its way upstream, a spur off the main route leads to Ballycommon.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
List of civil parishes of Tipperary
References
Populated places on the River Shannon
Towns and villages in County Tipperary
Townlands of County Tipperary
Sports venues in County Tipperary
Tourist attractions in County Tipperary
Civil parishes of Ormond Lower
SS Selma was an oil tanker built in 1919 by F.F. Ley and Company, Mobile, Alabama. President Woodrow Wilson approved the construction of 24 concrete vessels of which only 12 were actually completed.
SS Selma is the only permanent, and prominent, wreck along the Houston Ship Channel. It lies approximately one mile north of Galveston Island.
Construction and career
Steel shortages during World War I led the US to build experimental concrete ships, the largest of which was the SS Selma, today partially submerged in Galveston Bay and visible from both the Houston Ship Channel and Seawolf Park.
SS Selma was built in Mobile, Alabama, and named to honor Selma, Alabama, for its successful wartime liberty loan drive. The ship was launched on June 28, 1919, the same day Germany signed the Treaty of Versailles, officially ending World War I. As a result, the 7,500-ton ship never served during the war. Instead they were placed into service as an oil tanker in the Gulf of Mexico.
On May 31, 1920, the Selma hit a jetty in Tampico, Mexico, ripping a 60 foot hole in their hull. After attempts to repair the ship in Galveston failed and efforts to sell the ship proved unsuccessful, US officials decided to intentionally scuttle the ship. A channel 1,500 feet long and 25 feet deep was dug to a point just off Pelican Island's eastern shoreline where on March 9, 1922, the ship was laid to rest. The wreck of the Selma has since been the object of failed plans to convert it for use as a fishing pier, pleasure resort, and an oyster farm. Long a source of curiosity and local legend, it remains important to scientists who continue to study aspects of its concrete construction.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Galveston County, Texas
SS Palo Alto
References
Rob Bender - Concrete Ships - http://www.concreteships.org - 6/23/2011
Texas Historical Commission - http://atlas.thc.state.tx.us/viewform.asp?atlas_num=5167011567&site_name=SS+Selma&class=5000
External links
S.S. Selma article on CrystalBeach.com - http://www.crystalbeach.com/selma.htm
S.S. Selma article on ConcreteShips.org - http://www.concreteships.org/ships/ww1/selma/
Design 1100 tankers
Concrete ships
Ships built in Mobile, Alabama
1919 ships
Oil tankers
Ships sunk as breakwaters
The Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception is a large minor Catholic basilica and national shrine located at 400 Michigan Avenue NE in the northeast quadrant of Washington, D.C. The basilica is adjacent to Catholic University of America and served by the Brookland–CUA station on the Red Line, roughly away.
The shrine is the largest Catholic church building in North America, and one of the largest in the world. The basilica is also the tallest habitable building in Washington, D.C. Its construction of Byzantine Revival and Romanesque Revival architecture began on September 23, 1920, with renowned contractor John McShain and was completed on December 8, 2017, with the dedication and solemn blessing of the Trinity Dome mosaic.
The basilica is the national and patronal Catholic church of the United States, honoring the Immaculate Conception as Patroness, accorded by Pope Pius IX on February 7, 1847. Pope Pius XI donated a mosaic rendition of the image in 1923. The shrine has merited several papal visits, namely the following:
Pope John Paul II raised the National Shrine to the status of Minor Basilica on October 12, 1990.
Pope Benedict XVI bestowed a Golden Rose on April 16, 2008.
Pope Francis canonized Saint Junípero Serra, O.F.M., on September 23, 2015.
Although the basilica is situated within the geographical boundaries of the Archdiocese of Washington, the basilica is not a parish of the archdiocese, does not have its own parish community, and the shrine's administration does not fall under the direct authority of the Archbishop, but it serves the adjacent Catholic University of America, which donated the land for its construction, and the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops. It also hosts numerous Masses for various organizations of the Church from across the United States. The basilica is not the cathedral of the archdiocese, as that title and honor belongs to the Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle, although numerous archdiocesan events are held at the basilica. As of 2022, the rector of the basilica is the Reverend Monsignor Walter R. Rossi, who holds a Licentiate of Canon Law.
Architecture
The basilica houses 82 Marian chapels (including the Mother of Africa Chapel), as well as other sacred images, flanking the sides of the Great Upper Church and the Crypt Church. They were designed to reflect the origins of Catholic Americans and the religious orders whose generosity erected them.
Its Greek-styled interior is crowned with numerous domes decorated in mosaics, similar to the Basilica of St. Mark in Venice, Italy, but much larger. The mosaics feature American renditions of traditional Catholic images. Artist Jan Henryk De Rosen, who presided over the shrine's iconography committee was also responsible for much of its decor, including composing the large mosaic over the northern apse.
The exterior of the basilica is long, wide, and tall to the top of the cross on the dome. The exterior area of the basilica is . The diameter of the main dome (the Trinity Dome) of the basilica is only smaller than that of the dome of the United States Capitol. The interior area of the basilica is for the Upper Level and Great Upper Church, and for the Lower Level and Crypt Church, for a grand total of .
The shrine was built in the style of medieval churches, relying on thick masonry walls and columns in place of structural steel and reinforced concrete. It was designed to hold 10,000 worshipers and includes modern amenities such as a basement cafeteria, hidden public address speakers to carry speech at the altar to the rear of the building, air conditioning and what was the largest radiant heating slab in the world (in 1959).
There are arches outlined with iridescent Pewabic Pottery tile, large ceramic medallions set in the ceiling, and fourteen Stations of the Cross in the Crypt Church.
History
Patronage of the Immaculate Conception
In 1792 John Carroll, the bishop of Baltimore and the United States's first Catholic bishop, consecrated the newly created United States under the protection of the Blessed Virgin Mary under the title of the Immaculate Conception. In 1846, the 6th Provincial Councils of Baltimore reiterated this episcopal choice to name the title Virgin Mary, conceived without sin as the principal patroness of the land. Pope Pius IX formalized the decision on February 7, 1847, and it was published on July 2, 1847.
Construction (20th Century)
Bishop Thomas Joseph Shahan, the fourth rector of The Catholic University of America in Washington, proposed the construction of a national shrine to commemorate the Immaculate Conception in the country's capital. Bishop Shahan took their appeal to Pope Pius X on August 15, 1913.
Shahan received the pope's enthusiastic support and personal contribution of US$400 (US$11,681 in 2022, adjusted for inflation). Shahan returned to the United States and persuaded the board of trustees of The Catholic University of America to donate land at the southwest corner of the campus for their shrine.
In January 1914, Shahan published the first issue of Salve Regina, a newsletter meant to stir enthusiasm for their project. They wrote that the shrine would be a "monument of love and gratitude, a great hymn in stone as perfect as the art of man can make it and as holy as the intentions of its builders could wish it to be." Their newsletter was circulated to dioceses throughout the country and financial donations began to pour into Washington. In 1915, Shahan appointed Father Bernard McKenna of Philadelphia as first director of the national shrine. Shahan oversaw the construction of the shrine until their death on March 9, 1932. Theirs are the only remains interred at the basilica/national shrine.
By 1919, Shahan and McKenna chose architectural drawings by the Boston firm of Maginnis & Walsh for construction of the national shrine. Initially, they considered a traditional Neo-Gothic architectural style, but Shahan opted instead for a Byzantine Revival–Romanesque Revival design. On May 16, 1920, Archbishop Giovanni Bonzano, Apostolic Nuncio to the United States of America, celebrated Mass and blessed the site of the future National Shrine. On September 23, 1920, Cardinal James Gibbons, archbishop of Baltimore, blessed the foundation stone. More than 10,000 people attended the Mass, including ambassadors, government officials, and military officers. On April 20, 1924, the first public mass ever offered at the shrine was held in the unfinished Crypt Church. In 1932, the death of Bishop Shahan and the Great Depression halted the construction above the completed Crypt Church level. The beginning of American involvement in World War II stalled plans even further, and construction was not resumed until 1954.
After the war, in 1953, American bishops under the leadership of John Noll, archbishop ad personam of Fort Wayne, and Patrick O'Boyle, archbishop of Washington, pledged to raise the funds necessary to complete the Great Upper Church of the national shrine. On November 15, 1954, work was resumed on building the shrine, and on November 20, 1959, thousands of Catholics gathered with the bishops for the dedication of the Great Upper Church.
Since 1968, the Papal Tiara of Pope Paul VI has been on display inside the Crypt Church.
On October 12, 1990, Pope John Paul II raised the national shrine to the status of a minor basilica. The papal bull was signed and notarized by Cardinal Agostino Casaroli. It is the 36th designated basilica within the United States.
Completion (21st Century)
In August 2006, work was completed on a mosaic covering the Redemption Dome in the Great Upper Church. Following its completion in the summer of 2007, the Incarnation Dome was blessed on November 17, 2007. A small chapel on the Crypt Church level honoring Our Lady of La Vang (Vietnam) was completed in 2006.
In 2008, during their trip to the United States, Pope Benedict XVI bestowed the Golden Rose upon the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.
In June 2011, a new chapel dedicated to Our Lady of Lebanon was erected within the basilica, commemorating the fidelity of the Maronite Church and its faithful. A mosaic of Saint Maroun and the Crucifixion was copied from the 6th-century Rabboula Maronite manuscript, and was donated by Cardinal Donald Wuerl. The chapel was formally consecrated by Maronite Bishop Gregory J. Mansour on September 23, 2011.
On January 26, 2013, the basilica held a televised thanksgiving Mass and enshrined two first class relics of Americans Kateri Tekakwitha and Marianne Cope, who were both canonized October 20, 2012.
Pope Francis visited the shrine on September 23, 2015, and celebrated a Mass for the canonization of Saint Junípero Serra, O.F.M., on the mall of the Catholic University of America. The altar, ambo, and chair used for this Mass match the existing marble in the basilica. After the Mass, the papal altar was placed in front of the High Altar, and is now used as the altar in the Great Upper Church.
b
On February 20, 2016, the basilica was the site of the funeral Mass of US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia at which their son Fr. Paul Scalia was the celebrant.
The final architectural element was completed with the installation of the 24 tons of Venetian glass in the central Trinity Dome, one of the largest mosaics of its kind in the world. On December 8, 2017, the Feast of the Immaculate Conception, the dome was dedicated and solemnly blessed by Cardinal Donald Wuerl.
Priests of the Basilica
Reverend Monsignor Walter R. Rossi—Rector
Reverend Monsignor Vito A. Buonanno—Director of Pilgrimages
Reverend Ismael N. Ayala—Director of Liturgy
Reverend Raymond A. Lebrun, OMI—Spiritual Director
Staff of the Basilica
Mr. Daniel MacGregor—Comptroller and CFO
Dr. Geraldine M. Rohling, Ph.D., M.A.Ed.—Archivist/Curator Emerita
Dr. Peter J. Latona, D.M.A.—Director of Music
Dr. Benjamin LaPrarie, D.M.A.—Associate Director of Music
Mr. Andrew Vu, B.M.—Associate Organist
Dr. Robert Grogan, D.M.A.—Carillonneur and Organist Emeritus
Mrs. Dee Steel—Director of Visitor Services
Mrs. Jacquelyn Hayes—Director of Communications
Mrs. Amy Maloney—National Shrine Shops Manager
Dame Valencia Yvonne Camp —Director of Special Events and Operations Manager
Gallery
Exterior
Interior
See also
Mary, Protector of Faith Sculpture in Mary's Garden
Top Catholic pilgrimage destinations in the United States
Ukrainian Catholic National Shrine of the Holy Family
List of basilicas
List of the Roman Catholic cathedrals of the United States
List of the Roman Catholic dioceses of the United States
List of the tallest domes
Franciscan Monastery of the Holy Land in America
References
Further reading
External links
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception: Photo Gallery by The Catholic Photographer
Sculpture on the exterior of the Basilica (more than 100 pieces)
www.stainedglassphotography.com – images of the artwork in the Basilica
1961 establishments in Washington, D.C.
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
21st-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Bell towers in the United States
Brookland (Washington, D.C.)
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Carillons
Historic American Buildings Survey in Washington, D.C.
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1961
Roman Catholic churches completed in 2017
Immaculate Conception, Basilica of the National Shrine of the
Acton is a civil parish in Cheshire East, England. It contains 24 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings. Of these, two are listed at Grade I, the highest grade, four are listed at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II. Apart from the village of Acton, the parish is rural. Listed buildings in the village include the church and associated structures, houses, a public house and a telephone kiosk. The major structure is the parish is Dorfold Hall; this and associated structures are listed. The other items include an aqueduct carrying the Shropshire Union Canal across a road, farmhouses and cottages.
Key
Buildings
See also
Listed buildings in Burland
Listed buildings in Edleston
Listed buildings in Henhull
Listed buildings in Hurleston
Listed buildings in Nantwich
References
Citations
Sources
Listed buildings in the Borough of Cheshire East
Lists of listed buildings in Cheshire
Miss Conception (original title "Buy Borrow Steal") is a 2008 comedy film directed by Eric Styles and starring Heather Graham. Graham plays a woman who learns they have only one month left to conceive a child. When their baby-phobic long-term boyfriend (Tom Ellis) goes to film a documentary on a remote island with a spoiled former supermodel, they are forced to find alternate ways to conceive with the help of their friend Clem (Mia Kirshner). The film was produced by Miromar Entertainment and Blue Angel Films.
Plot
Georgina Salt (Heather Graham) is a young English contractor living in London who longs to have a baby, which they see as the one thing missing from their life. In the opening scene, Zach, Georgina's long-time boyfriend, is talking on the phone with their sister, who has just had a baby girl. Georgina is obviously more interested in the baby than Zach. After Zach gets off the phone, the couple goes back into their bedroom where Georgina seduces Zach. Zach, however, uses a condom, much to the dismay of Georgina.
The next day, Georgina goes shopping for a present for Zach's sister's baby with their mother. Georgina is taken away by the baby items around them and is saddened by it. When a doctor's ad for their clinic for women who want to get pregnant, but may not be able to conceive for much longer, Georgina's mother mentions their aunt. Presuming that their aunt was a lesbian, Georgina was never surprised that their aunt had no children, however their mother informs them that they were simply unable to have children; they were too late.
A frantic Georgina spends £150 on a blanket, to the surprise of their mother, before leaving the store. At Zach's sister's house, Georgina is taken by the baby and is allowed to hold them as Zach goofs off with their sister's belly sculpture. After breaking the sculpture, Zach blames it on their three-year-old son and the couple soon leave.
In the car, Georgina gets upset with Zach over the statue and they are about to ask them a question before they cut them off saying, "I do not hate babies." Georgina jumps to the conclusion that they do hate babies and demands that they pull over and lets them out. Zach goes to a friend's house to 'crash' while Georgina heads home.
Prior to this event, Georgina had gone to the clinic to see how many eggs they had left; their best friend Clem goes with them and receives the call that the two of them are to return. The doctor informs Georgina that they only has one egg left and that she'd be ovulating for four days. The two women go out on a 'date' with a young man named Justin, who is completely taken aback when Georgina announces that they have one egg left.
Clem and Justin help Georgina form a plan to sleep with a random stranger. On day one, Georgina has an "open house" to rent out their apartment in order to lure men inside. The first few are turned away due to their looks or their orientation. Finally, a man of great quality comes along, however just before they and Georgina kiss, Zach calls.
Georgina kicks the man out and talks to Zach, but then hears a woman's voice saying, "Zach, darling, will you zip me up?" An angry Georgina hangs up the phone and Zach isn't too pleased with the woman - Alexandra. Alexandra is the daughter of a rich man who is funding Zach's latest documentary; they are also the reason why Georgina was unable to speak to Zach before they left for a trip.
On day two, Georgina goes to a funeral to pick up a man overcome with "emotions" and isn't thinking too well. They take them back to their apartment, leaves to get wine and as they are in the kitchen they discover their "PLAN" sheet that has all the details about them seducing them on it.  They are disgusted and leaves, as Georgina tries to explain herself.
Day three, Georgina finds themselves with Clem at a night club. They see a very good looking young man, dancing very seductively and attracting all the girls' attention, and Georgina goes to seduce him. Before successfully seducing the man, they rip their dress in several places to make themselves more sultry.
At the hotel, Georgina is about to go all the way with him, before they excuse themselves to go to the bathroom. While they are taking out their breast pads and washing their mouth out, they steal some of their money and a card before leaving. Georgina comes out to find the lights off and them gone. After cursing their stupidity – and noticing their money and card gone – they go home.
During this time, Zach is seen trying to hurry back to London and has to take the ferry because Alexandra had taken the last ticket going to London. Georgina and Clem purchase sperm from the Internet and go out to buy a turkey baster. At this time, Georgina reveals to Clem that they only wants Zach, before they say that they can't believe that the future father of their child is a turkey baster.
Georgina, seeming desperate at this point, turns to one of their employees who reveal that they are infertile just before the two of them can have sex. They then plans to go through with the artificial insemination, reading the directions as the sperm arrives. Them mother arrives with a birthday cake and Georgina accidentally squirts the sperm on the cake. Clem intends Justin, their so-called pet, to impregnate Georgina. A nervous Justin doesn't seem to want to go through with it. They go to a hotel room and Justin can't seem to get off, nor is they comfortable with this idea. Justin can't do it and backs out.
They begin to spank him, before they are thrown out of the hotel by the staff. They run into a friend of Zach's and is comforted by him. While hugging him, Zach walks in and assumes that they are having an affair and slaps their friend before leaving. Georgina runs after him, but loses him. They miss their chance to get pregnant and mopes around because they lost both their chance to have a baby and Zach.
Ben, Zach's friend, comes over to check on Georgina and the two begin to talk about how awkward the situation was just as the doorbell rings. Clem gets it and turns out that it's Zach, who is outraged to find Ben and Georgina holding hands. They slap Ben again, who, in turn, punches Zach. The two have a scuffle, during which Ben tells Zach that while Georgina is OK, they aren't Clem. Clem, hearing this, asks them to repeat that and after establishing that they like Clem and not Georgina, they get off Zach and goes to Clem.
Georgina asks about Alexandra, who Zach admits is beautiful, but says that isn't all they look for in a person. They aren't impressed by their reasoning, however Zach continues on trying to explain that they love them and had never stopped. Zach reveals that they want children too, however an upset Georgina leaves and Ben has to explain to Zach what had been going on. At work, Georgina's worker reveals that they understand why they left and leaves before Zach comes in with a dozen roses.
Four months later, while Georgina is running their breasts and belly feel sore and goes to a clinic for a pregnancy test. They receive a call informing them that they are, in fact, pregnant. At a birthday party for Zach, it is revealed that they are engaged and Georgina tells them that she's pregnant. Zach is overjoyed about the news.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes 8% of 13 critics rated the film positively On Metacritic the film had a weighted average score of 33 out of 100 based on 5 reviews, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Alternative titles
Buy Borrow Steal - Original Working Title.
Last Minute Baby - German DVD Title.
Un bébé à tout prix - French Television Title.
References
External links
RTV Film - Film Distributor Page
Blue Angel Films, Film Producer Page
2008 films
2008 comedy films
American romantic comedy films
British romantic comedy films
English-language German films
German romantic comedy films
Films set in London
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
2000s German films
Quarantine Island may refer to:
Quarantine Island / Kamau Taurua near Dunedin, New Zealand
Rainsford Island near Boston, Massachusetts in the United States
Sand Island (Hawaii)
Karantina Island, near İzmir, Turkey
This is a list of the top 40 Nippon Professional Baseball home run hitters. In the sport of baseball, a home run is a hit in which the batter scores by circling all the bases and reaching home plate in one play, without the benefit of a fielding error. This can be accomplished either by hitting the ball out of play while it is still in fair territory (a conventional home run), or by an inside-the-park home run. Sadaharu Oh holds the Nippon Professional Baseball home run record (as well as the world lifetime home run record) with 868. They passed Hank Aaron (who is currently second on the Major League Baseball career home run list) with 755, on September 3, 1977. The only other NPB player to have hit even 600 or more home runs is Katsuya Nomura with 657. Slugger Noboru Aota retired in 1959 as the Japanese professional baseball career leader with 265 career homers. They were surpassed in 1963 by Kazuhiro Yamauchi, the first Japanese professional baseball player to hit 300 home runs. (Yamauchi finished their career with 396 home runs.) Sadaharu Oh assumed the top spot in 1968, later becoming the first NPB hitter to surpass 600 home runs during the 1974 season. Listed are all Nippon Professional Baseball players with 300 or more home runs hit during official regular season (i.e., excluding playoffs or exhibition games). Players in bold face are active as of the 2021 Nippon Professional Baseball season (including free agents).
List
Stats updated as of 2021 season.
Notes
References
See also
List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders
List of Nippon Professional Baseball players with 1,000 runs batted in
List of Nippon Professional Baseball career hits leaders
List of Nippon Professional Baseball earned run average champions
Nippon Professional Baseball Most Valuable Player Award
External links
"Sadaharu Oh's 868 HRs Leads Japan League & World," The 500 Home Run Club
Nippon Professional Baseball
The Battle of Aradeti was fought between the armies of the Kingdom of Georgia and the Principality of Samtskhe at the place of Aradeti on August 1483.
The political split of the Kingdom of Georgia was speeded up by the Eristavs of Samtskhe. In 1483, Atabeg Kvarkvare II routed the royal troops at Aradeti. These events signaled the end of the united Kingdom of Georgia, which disintegrated into several principalities. Kvarkvare gained their long sought independence in Samtskhe while Eristav Bagrat seized the thrones of Imereti and Kartli and Giorgi VIII carved out their own realm in Kakheti.
References
15th century in the Kingdom of Georgia
15th-century conflicts
Strawberry Valley is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located northeast of Challenge, at an elevation of 3757 feet (1145 m).
A post office opened in Strawberry Valley in 1855. The origin of the name has two competing lines: either from wild strawberries found at the site or from two early settlers, Mr. Straw and Mr. Berry.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
Sangu Matamuhari or Sangu Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary—IUCN category II (habitat/species management area)—situated in Bandarban District, Chittagong Division, Bangladesh. It is part of the Sangu reserve forest. It is under the Lama Forest Division of the Bangladesh Forest Department. Its bio-ecological zone is in Chittagong Hills and Chittagong Hill Tracts.
It houses Bangladesh's richest wildlife resource after Sunderbans. It is famous for its remoteness and for its rich array of wildlife, including great hornbills, crab-eating macaques, Asian elephants, sambar deer, Asian black bears, spotted owlets, leopards, clouded leopards, barking deer, Bengal monitors, dholes, and capped leaf monkeys/capped langurs. There have also been uncertain reports of vagrant tigers in the forest reserve by local indigenous people.
It is a very remote and densely forested reserve. Thus the area remains largely undeveloped.
Basic information
It was established in 2010; its total area is . It is under the Lama Forest Division of Bandarban. It is under the Sangu Forest Range. It is beside the Sangu River. Its physiography is categorized as Northern and Eastern Hills; its beat information is 285 Sangu Mouza. Visitors enter this wildlife sanctuary mostly for nature trails, picnic sites, etc. It has only one forest range office. It is a protected area under the wildlife act of 1974.
There are some Rohingya refugees in the area. Also, ethnic indigenous Mro people live around the forest area. It is situated in one of the most isolated parts of Bangladesh. Thus, it is not highly developed. It does not have correct boundary demarcations yet. There are some toilets and shops of local ethnic people in the sanctuary.
Socio-economic context and threat assessment
The Wildlife Sanctuary does not provide any employment opportunity to the local people. The transport system is underdeveloped because of its remoteness. However, there are some private organization-conducted shops. Local ethnic people run the shops. 1200–1300 people depend on the wildlife sanctuary for resources like fuel wood, sun grass, bamboo, medicinal plant and others. There are some Rohingya refugee settlements around the forest.
Severe encroachment leading to expansion of settlements and agriculture, tree poaching, hunting, shooting, collection of fuel wood, bamboo and cane and other forest products are the major causes for the exploitation of resources of the national park. On the other hand, functioning sawmills in the vicinity and unemployment are the major underlying factors for the marked dependency of the local communities upon the park. Less stringent monitoring and a negative influence of some locally powerful individuals have further exacerbated the sustainable maintenance of the sanctuary.
Ecological context and flora diversity
Sangu Matamuhari/ Sangu wildlife sanctuary is situated in Chittagong Hill Tracts area. The Chittagong Hill Tracts have been broadly classified as the tropical evergreen or semi-evergreen types, which, according to a source, supply around 40% of the commercial timber. The flora of the Chittagong Hill Tracts is distinctive in character and resembles the flora of Arakan. However, the teak patches that we see throughout the hill area are planted forests, not indigenous to the area.
Sangu River
Sangu River originates in the Arakan Hills of Myanmar and enters Bangladesh near Remarki (Thanchi upazila of Bandarban district). It flows north through Thanchi, Rowangchhari and Bandarban upazilas of Bandarban district. Then it flows west through Satkania and Banshkhali upazilas of Chittagong district to meet the Bay of Bengal near Khankhanabad (Chittagong). The length of the river is 295 km. The major tributaries of the river are Chandkhali Nadi and Dolu khal. There are 7 BWDB hydrometric stations on this river and data are available from 1965. Sangu River has its source at 21°13´N and 92°37´E in the North Arakan Hills.
Flora
The wildlife sanctuary was once covered with luxuriant multi-storied evergreen forest. However, due to refugee settlements, the vegetation of these areas has diminished. Still it is quite rich in natural resources. And flora diversity is remarkable.
The most important commercial timber species of the Sangu Matamuhari is Jarul, Gamar, Garjan, Chapalish, Toon, Koroi, Civit, Champa, Simul, Chandul, etc. that used to grow to gigantic proportions. Most of the trees are of the evergreen type, whereas most of the tallest trees are deciduous and semi-deciduous. Some of the trees shed their leaves during the cold season and some in the summer, so the forest always looks green or, more correctly, the forest never loses its semi-evergreen appearance. However, this is a description of the forests of which remains roughly 70% of the area. As some portion of the forest reserves are well degraded than the past.
Wildlife diversity
As the sanctuary is situated in very isolated area the wildlife of the sanctuary is comparatively better than most other national parks of Bangladesh. However, for the same reason its very unprotected. And hunting, poaching, illegal deforestation has become a common scene in the sanctuary due to the lack of management from forest department. Also the fauna data isn't well documented.
Other than Sangu river there are some gorgeous looking small waterfalls all around the forest reserve. Some of the fish and amphibians found in the Sangu river are sawfish , butter fish , electric ray, common carp, silver carp, barb, river eels, starfish, king crab , fiddler crab, hermit crab, prawn etc.
The wide variety of plant life provides suitable habitats for 55 species of mammals including the capped leaf monkey and binturong, 286 species of birds like the hill myna, house swift and the greater painted-snipe; 56 species of reptiles and 13 species of amphibians. A limited number of Asian elephants live in the park. Common animals including reptiles and mammals are rhesus macaque , barking deer, Asian black bear, monitor lizard, Bengal monitor, etc. Golden jackals, fishing cats and dholes are common predators of the forest. There's few elusive clouded leopards too roaming inside the remoteness.
Indian leopard is very rare. However big cat pug marks supposed to be of leopard are occasionally found. Also there's one camera trapped pic of a leopard close to sangu wildlife sanctuary caught in 2015 proving its existence.
The wildlife sanctuary was once covered with luxuriant multi-storied evergreen forest. The Asian elephant herds used to roam in and around the sanctuary. However, due to settlement of refuge, the vegetation of these areas diminished and became uninhabitable for elephants, which now can be seen in Sangu Mouza only. Asian black bear is the most common bear species in the area but still low numbered. Second bear species of the area is Sun bear Other large mammal sambar deer are also been reported here but in lower numbers. Just recent camera trap project captured some clouded leopard photos. Endangered species great hornbill are still seen flying in the sanctuary. There are some spotted owlets as well.
There are reports of tigers in the mixed evergreen hill tract valleys of Sangu-Matamuhuri, which are contiguous with forests in India and Myanmar respectively. Both of these sites are within an area classified as a Tiger Restoration Landscape, contiguous with the Northern Forest Complex-Namdapha-Royal Manas Global Priority Tiger Conservation Landscape (TCL).
Nisharga Shahayata Prakalpa
Beside the National Forest Department, an NGO named "Nisharga", with their "Nisharga Shahayata Prakalpa", observes the park. Beside the preserving forest they provide eco-tours. Its forest type is mixed evergreen forest. In 2009 IPAC (Integrated Protected Area Co-management) project started its activities in this protected area.
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
Rema-Kalenga Wildlife Sanctuary
Wildlife sanctuary
References
External links
Wildlife sanctuaries of Bangladesh
Lower Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests
The Flute and the Arrow () is a 1957 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Sucksdorff. It was entered into the 1958 Cannes Film Festival.
Cast
Chendru as The Boy
Ginjo as The Hunter
Riga as The Hunter's Wife
TengruasShikari as The Boy's Grandfather
References
External links
1957 films
1957 drama films
Swedish drama films
1950s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Arne Sucksdorff
Films scored by Ravi Shankar
1950s Swedish films
Hayley Chapman (born 19 January 1992) is an Australian sport shooter representing Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in shooting in the 25m pistol event where they placed 34th out of 39.
Personal
Chapman was born on 19 January 1992 in Balaklava, South Australia. They grew up on a farm in Hoyleton, South Australia and attended Horizon Christian School for primary and secondary school. In 2011, they enrolled at the University of South Australia in a Bachelor of Management and Marketing course. , they live in Hoyleton, South Australia.
Chapman is tall and weighs . Them father is David Chapman. They thought their father looked a bit embarrassing wearing the Olympic team tracksuit.
Shooting
Chapman is a sport shooter specialising in pistol shooting. They started the sport after having fun at their father's national titles competition in 2006.  They are a member of the Balaklava Sports Shooting Club, and has shooting scholarships with the South Australian Sports Institute and South Australia Rifle Pistol Association. They were coached by their father. Since 2008, they have also been coached by Anatoly Babushkin. They were a member of the Australian shooting development squad, which aimed to prepare them for the 2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2008 Youth Commonwealth Games in India, Chapman won a bronze medal. That year, they competed in the Junior Women's National Championship, where they finished first in the 10m air pistol event. At the 2008 Australian Cup, they finished fourth in the women's open division 10m air pistol event. At the 2011 World Cup 4 in Munich, Germany, they finished 73rd in the 25m pistol event. In the 10m air pistol event, they finished 118th with a score of 362.
Olympics
Chapman was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in shooting in the 25 metre pistol event. As a twenty-year-old, they were nominated to compete alongside their father in London, the first time an Australian father-daughter pair competed in the Olympics at the same Games. They qualified at a Munich-based World Cup event in June, the last available event open to earn a spot.
Pictures of Chapman and their father were published in a Melbourne area newspaper. These pictures were discussed in the context of the Australian Olympic Committee actions surrounding two swimmers who posed with guns.
References
External links
Australian female sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Australia
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
1992 births
Living people
People from Balaklava, South Australia
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
20th-century Australian women
21st-century Australian women
Ptox is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Ptox catreus (de Nicéville, 1895)
Ptox corythus (de Nicéville, 1895)
References
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Lambertus Johannes Toxopeus
Chen Chuan-show (born 9 September 1941) is a Taiwanese sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres and the decathlon at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1941 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Taiwanese male sprinters
Taiwanese decathletes
Olympic athletes of Taiwan
Place of birth missing (living people)
Kirkby Urban District was a local government district in the administrative county of Lancashire, England, from 1958 to 1974. From 1949 onwards, the main settlement of the district was Kirkby new town. A District Council was created in 1958.
The first meeting of the District Council was held on 9 April 1958. At that meeting it was resolved that Councillor James Wylie, J.P. be appointed Chairman of the Council
In 1974 it was abolished and its former area was transferred to Merseyside to be combined with that of Huyton with Roby Urban District, Prescot Urban District, parts of Whiston Rural District and parts of West Lancashire Rural District, to form the present-day Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley.
References
History of Lancashire
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Local government in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley
Urban districts of England
The Kpledjoo Festival is an annual harvest festival celebrated by the chiefs and peoples of Tema in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana. It is usually celebrated in late March or first week in April.
Celebration
It is celebrated to facilitate the recovery of the Sakumo Lagoon for high yield during harvest. There is a 5-month temporary ban on trapping of crabs and fishing from the lagoon before the festival.
Before the public are allowed access to the lagoon, the priest of the Sakumo lagoon performs some rituals on the banks.
During the grand-durbar, there is merry-making and hugs from the chiefs and the inhabitants.
References
Festivals in Ghana
Tema
Greater Accra Region
The bay-chested warbling finch (Castanozoster thoracicus) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is endemic to southeastern Brazil.
Its natural habitats are temperate forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy
The bay-chested warbling finch was formally described in 1835 by the Finnish naturalist Alexander von Nordmann from a specimen collected in Brazil. They coined the binomial name Frigilla thoracica. This species was traditionally placed in the genus Poospiza. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that the genus was polyphyletic. In the subsequent reorganisation the bay-chested warbling finch was moved to its own newly erected genus Castanozoster. The name combines the Ancient Greek καστανό meaning "chestnut" with ζωστήρ meaning "belt". The bay-chested warbling finch is monotypic: no subspecies are recognised.
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the bay-chested warbling finch
bay-chested warbling finch
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
bay-chested warbling finch
bay-chested warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The History of Us is a 2013 novel by Leah Stewart. The book released on January 8, 2013 through Touchstone Books and concerns three siblings who must review both their past and their relationship with each other after their aunt plans to sell their childhood home. Stewart began writing the book due to an interest in the "dynamic between coming to see what's good about the place where you are living and continuing to feel like you've been displaced from where you should be".
Synopsis
In the book Harvard professor Eloise Hempel must take on the responsibility of caring for their sister's three children (Theodora, Josh, and Claire) after their sudden death. In order to more easily take care of them, Eloise moves into their mother's ancient home and begins the task of raising the three children as well as maintaining the house. Almost twenty years later, Eloise and their nieces and nephew still live in the house, which Eloise wants to sell so they can work on living their own life. However, when their mother begins to make the children compete against each other to see who will keep the house, secrets begin coming to the surface that forces everyone to either take a deeper look at their interpersonal relationships with each other or run the risk of having their relationships shatter.
Reception
Early reviews for the book have been mostly positive, with Kirkus Reviews giving the book a starred review. Booklist praised the novel while Publishers Weekly called it "forgettable", criticizing the "combination of a melodramatic story line and a focus on minutiae".
References
External links
Official author site
2013 American novels
Touchstone Books books
Lulu's tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus luluae), also known as Johnson's tody-flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It was briefly known as Lulu's tody-tyrant, but following the death of Ned K. Johnson, one of the people responsible for the description of this species in 2001, the name was modified to Johnson's tody-tyrant by the SACC. Following the move of this species to the genus Poecilotriccus from Todirostrum, it was recommended modifying the name to tody-flycatcher. It is endemic to humid thickets, usually near bamboo, in the highlands of Amazonas and San Martín in northern Peru. It is threatened by habitat loss and is consequently considered endangered by BirdLife International and IUCN.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Lulu's tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Lulu's tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The second USS Kensington was a steamship in the United States Navy.
Kensington was built at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by J. W. Lynn in 1858 and was purchased by the Union Navy at Boston, Massachusetts, 27 January 1862. They commissioned at Boston Navy Yard on 15 February, Acting Master Frederick Crocker in command.
Service history
Blockading operations
The wooden steamer departed Boston on 24 February 1862 for the Gulf of Mexico, but heavy winds, rough seas, and engine trouble required them to stop at Charleston, South Carolina, for repairs. While, at Charleston they were of great service to ships of the North Atlantic Squadron furnishing them with fresh water. The supply and water vessel resumed their voyage in April and joined the West Gulf Blockading Squadron at New Orleans, Louisiana, 4 May.
Ordered to the Mississippi
After bringing water and supplies to Flag Officer David Farragut's ships blockading the Gulf Coast, Kensington was ordered to ascend the Mississippi River towing and , both of Commodore David D. Porter's Mortar Flotilla. While passing Ellis Cliffs, the three ships came under fire of Confederate batteries. Their answering salvos silenced the Southern guns enabling the Union force to continue passage to Vicksburg. After placing their charges in position to bombard the cliff side batteries which defended Vicksburg, Kensington remained with Porter's flotilla issuing water and supplies and from time to time assisting sailing ships to change positions.
After dropping down the river in mid-July, the water and supply ship visited blockaders stationed along the Louisiana and Texas coast. They joined and in bombarding a Confederate fort at Sabine Pass, Texas, on 25 September. The action was broken off when defending troops spiked their guns and evacuated the fort. Though Sabine Pass surrendered the next day, a shortage of troops prevented the Union Navy from occupying the area. Nevertheless, this operation and similar attacks were a constant drain on Southern strength, and compelled the Confederacy to disperse its forces widely.
Capturing Confederate Vessels
During operations along western Gulf coasts in September and October, Kensington captured British blockade running schooners Velocity. Adventure, Dart, and West Florida. They also took Confederate schooners Conchita, Dart, and Mary Ann; sloop Eliza; and steamer Dan.
Kensington began their voyage to Pensacola, Florida, with their prizes 13 October, delivering water en route to blockading ships stationed along the coast of Texas. Arriving Pensacola, 24 October, the fighting supply ship began operating from that base, capturing Confederate schooner Course on 11 November and British schooner Maria the next day.
Kensington moved to New Orleans, Louisiana, 26 January 1863 and five months later set sail for New York City for long needed repairs. Back in fighting trim by 1 August 1864, Kensington functioned as a supply vessel for ships of the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron until 30 November. They sailed from Boston as a transport vessel on 7 December visiting Port Royal, Key West, Florida, Mobile, Alabama, Pensacola, and New Orleans. After returning to New York on 11 January 1865, Kensington made two similar voyages to Southern ports.
Decommissioning
Kensington was decommissioned 5 May 1865. They were sold at public auction at New York to Brown & Co. on 12 July 1865 and redocumented 31 July. Kensington sank after colliding with an unknown sailing vessel at sea on 27 January 1871.
References
Steamships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Philadelphia
Ships of the Union Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
Gunboats of the United States Navy
1858 ships
Glory Train: Songs of Faith, Worship, and Praise is the seventeenth studio album released by American country music artist Randy Travis. It is their fifth album of gospel music and their fifth release for Word Records. The album comprises nineteen covers of traditional and contemporary gospel songs. No singles were released from it.
Track listing
"This Train" (Sister Rosetta Tharpe) – 3:40
"Swing Down Chariot" (traditional) – 3:12
"Precious Memories" (Tharpe) – 4:13
"Shout to the Lord" (Darlene Zschech) – 4:21
"Down by the Riverside" (Tharpe) – 3:06
"Nothing but the Blood" (Robert Lowry) – 2:32
"Were You There?" (traditional) – 3:52
"Up Above My Head (I Hear Music in the Air)" (Tharpe) – 2:55
"He's Got the Whole World in Their Hands" (traditional) – 2 :19
"Heart of Worship" (Matt Redman) – 3:53
"Jesus on the Main Line" (traditional) – 2:31
"Through the Fire" (Gerald Crabb) – 3:27
"Here I Am to Worship" (Tim Hughes) – 3:59
"Oh Death" (Crabb) – 2:46
"Nobody Knows, Nobody Cares" (Tharpe) – 3:11
"Since Jesus Came into My Heart" (Charles H. Gabriel, Rufus H. Gabriel) – 3:23
"Oh How I Love Jesus" (Frederick Whitfield) – 2:45
"Are You Washed in the Blood" (traditional) – 3:08
"Precious Lord, Take My Hand" (Thomas A. Dorsey) – 3:21
Personnel
Al Anderson - acoustic guitar
Larry Beaird - acoustic guitar
The Blind Boys of Alabama - background vocals (2, 8)
Sidney Cox - background vocals
Suzanne Cox - background vocals
The Crabb Family - background vocals (12)
Dennis Crouch - upright bass
Eric Darken - bells, cajón, chimes, clay drums, cymbals, djembe, bass drum, snare drum, hand drums, jews harp, shaker, tambourine, timpani, vibraphone
Billy Davis - background vocals
Chip Davis - background vocals
Craig Duncan - Hammer Dulcimer
Connie Ellisor - violin
Larry Franklin - fiddle, mandolin
Paul Franklin - pedabro
Carl Gorodetzky - string contractor, violin
Jim Grosjean - viola
Pastor Matthew Hagee - background vocals
Vicki Hampton - background vocals
Tony Harrell - accordion, harmonium
Wes Hightower - background vocals
Kirk "Jelly Roll" Johnson - harmonica, bass harmonica
Christina Ketterling - background vocals
Randy Kohrs - dobro
Anthony LaMarchina - cello
Brent Mason - acoustic guitar, gut string guitar
Lisa Silver - background vocals
Pam Sixfin - violin
Bryan Sutton - Archguitar, banjo, 12-string guitar, acoustic guitar, resonator guitar, hi-string acoustic guitar, mandolin, soloist
Randy Travis - lead vocals
Cindy Richardson-Walker - background vocals
Bergen White - string arrangements
Kris Wilkinson - viola
Casey Wood - bells, snare drum, hi-hat, tambourine
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Awards
In 2006, the album won a Dove Award for Country Album of the Year at the 37th GMA Dove Awards.
References
[ Glory Train] at allmusic
2005 albums
Randy Travis albums
Word Records albums
Albums produced by Kyle Lehning
William Francis Finlason (1818–1895) was an English journalist and legal writer.
Life
The son of Thomas Finlason of Camberwell, Surrey, they entered the Middle Temple on 5 January 1841, and for some years practised as a special pleader under the bar, reporting also for several years, as a member of the parliamentary corps of The Times in the Strangers' Gallery of the House of Commons. They were called to the bar on 21 November 1851, and joined the south-eastern circuit.
Finlason was a voluminous writer on legal subjects, and for nearly half a century they held the post of chief legal reporter for The Times. They recorded the cases tried in the Court of Queen's Bench.
A Roman Catholic convert of 1849, at the hands of Frederick William Faber, Finlason wrote for The Rambler and Dublin Review. They were a Catholic apologist, defender of John Henry Newman, and opponent of Whig historians.
Although only a "stuff-gown man" (junior barrister), Finlason was appointed one of the masters of the bench of the Middle Temple. They died on 11 March 1895 at their residence, 12 Campden Hill Road, Kensington, London.
Works
Finlason's works included:
A Selection of Leading Cases on Pleading and Parties to Actions, with practical Notes, London, 1847.
The Catholic Hierarchy vindicated by the Law of England, London, 1851.
Report of the Trial and Preliminary Proceedings in the Case of the Queen on the Prosecution of G. Achilli v. Dr. Newman, with an Introduction and Notes, London, 1852.
An Essay on the History and Effects of the Laws of Mortmain, and the Laws against Testamentary Dispositions for Pious Purposes, London, 1853.
The Acts for the better Regulation of Charitable Trusts, with Notes and an Introduction on the Jurisdiction exercised over them by the Court of Chancery, London, 1855.
Parliamentary Influence and Official Intrigue, as recently disclosed in the Inquiry before a Select Committee on the Affair of the Ameer of Scinde, London, 1858.
A Brief and Practical Exposition of the Law of Charitable Trusts, London, 1860.
A Treatise on Martial Law, as allowed by the Law of England in time of Rebellion, London, 1866. This work was taken to be a defence of Edward John Eyre as Governor of Jamaica.
Commentaries upon Martial Law, London, 1867.
A Review of the Authorities as to the repression of Riot or Rebellion, with special reference to Criminal or Civil Liability, London, 1868.
A History of the Jamaica Case, London [1868]; 2nd edit. 1869.
A Dissertation on the History of Hereditary Dignities, particularly as to their course of descent, and their forfeitures by attainder. With special reference to the case of the Earldom of Wiltes, London, 1869.
Justice to a Colonial Governor; or some considerations on the case of Mr. Eyre; containing the substance of all the documents. . . relating thereto, London, 1869.
The History of the Law of Tenures of Land in England and Ireland; with particular reference to Inheritable Tenancy, London, 1870.
An Exposition of our Judicial System and Civil Procedure, as reconstructed under the Judicature Acts, London, 1876.
The Judgment of the Judicial Committee in the Folkestone Ritual Case, with an Historical Introduction and Notes, London, 1877.
The Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The History, Constitution, and Character of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, London, 1878.
Notes
Attribution
1818 births
1895 deaths
English barristers
English male journalists
English legal writers
19th-century British journalists
19th-century English male writers
19th-century English lawyers
David Twersky may refer to:
David Twersky (journalist) (1950–2010), journalist, Zionist activist, and peace advocate in Israel and the United States
David Twersky (Skverer Rebbe) (born 1940), Grand Rabbi and spiritual leader of the village of New Square, New York
Manuel Gutierrez Jr. (born April 4, 1991), known professionally as Manny MUA, is a make-up artist, YouTuber, entrepreneur, and beauty blogger.  They are the first male brand ambassador for the make-up brand Maybelline.  They are the founder and owner of the cosmetics brand Lunar Beauty, and has a social media presence that includes 4.8 million subscribers on YouTube and over 4.1 million followers on Instagram.
Career
Gutierrez told Teen Vogue that they first became interested in make-up after watching their mother do their make-up during their childhood. They later worked at Sephora and MAC. They began their YouTube channel in 2014. They regularly post make-up tutorials, make-up first impressions, and beauty tips. They have collaborated with Makeup Geek on an eye-shadow palette, Morphe Cosmetics on an eye-shadow palette, OFRA Cosmetics on lip products, and Jeffree Star Cosmetics on two highlighters and 2 lipsticks.
In 2017, Gutierrez and fellow YouTuber Shayla Mitchell were announced as brand ambassadors for Maybelline, specifically Colossal Big Shot Mascara.  They are the first male brand ambassador for the brand.  They are the second male to be chosen as a spokesperson for a beauty brand after James Charles who had been previously announced as a spokesperson for CoverGirl in October 2016. Later that year, Gutierrez and Jeffree Star announced a collaboration for Star's make-up brand to debut in April. After the announcement, Black Moon Cosmetics sued the duo for copyright and trademark infringement alleging that they had copied their logo without permission. The lawsuit was later resolved. In April 2017, Gutierrez was the only male to make People magazine's annual "Most Beautiful" list. In 2018, they were named to Forbes annual list of "30 under 30" in the Arts and Style category. In 2018, Manny appeared in season three of Escape the Night as the Record Producer.
In 2018, Gutierrez started their makeup line called Lunar Beauty and launched the brand's first eye shadow palette, Life's a Drag. The palette includes 14 shades of bright and neutral eye shadow colors.
In 2021, Gutierrez asked Joe Biden and Anthony Fauci some questions during a virtual presidential town hall about vaccine hesitancy.
Filmography
Television
Personal life
Gutierrez grew up in a Mormon family and has two younger brothers.  They are Mexican-American.
Before deciding on a career in beauty, Gutierrez planned to attend medical school with aspirations of becoming a plastic surgeon. They have a Bachelor's degree from San Diego State University.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
American make-up artists
American YouTubers
Gay entertainers
LGBT entertainers from the United States
LGBT YouTubers
LGBT people from California
LGBT Latter Day Saints
People with vitiligo
Beauty and makeup YouTubers
San Diego State University alumni
American male YouTubers
Artists from San Diego
Artists from Los Angeles
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Camilla Townsend (born January 29, 1965) is an American historian and professor of history at Rutgers University. They specialize in the early history of Native Americans in the United States, as well as in the history of Latin America. Them 2019 book, Fifth Sun, won the 2020 Cundill History Prize.
Education and career
Townsend attended Stuyvesant High School in New York City. They graduated summa cum laude from Bryn Mawr College and received a Ph.D. in comparative history from Rutgers University. From 1995 to 2006 they taught history at Colgate University in Hamilton, New York. While teaching at Colgate, they enrolled in a summer course of Classical Nahuatl offered at Yale and became aware of how many primary and secondary sources were available in Nahuatl.  They are now a distinguished professor of history at Rutgers University.
In 2010, they were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship. During this time, they analyzed the Nahuatl historical annals from the 16th and 17th centuries, written by the Nahuas (or Aztecs) in their own language, using the Latin alphabet taught to them by Spanish friars for the purpose of reading the Bible to more easily convert them to Christianity. Townsend describes these writings, written without Spanish oversight unlike the Florentine Codex, as a "written-down history by Nahua for Nahua children". These writings, known as annals, or anales in Spanish, after the genre of medieval European writing which were believed to be similar, were effectively transcriptions of narrations of the pictographic texts in which the glyphs served as mnemonic devices. These texts were considered dubious sources by Western readers and historians for many years, in part because of their lack of overt chronicity and contradictory repetition. However, the repetition of the same story within the annals represented a way of Aztec history-telling, in which a series of speakers presented their own perception of an event, a battle, a marriage, etc. The translation of these polyphonous annals, written by the sons and grandsons of those alive during the Spanish invasion who remembered their youth as well of the stories of their ancestors, formed the basis for Townsend's book Fifth Sun: A New History of the Aztecs.
Of course, scholars must be scrupulous and thorough. But I think young historians should also learn some lessons from the greatest fiction writers and most talented detectives. Close your eyes from time to time. Let your mind roam among all the evidence you have. Make the leap— Try to imagine the world as it was then. It will be worth the effort.
Selected publications
Books
Tales of Two Cities: Race and Economic Culture in Early Republican North and South America (Texas, 2000)
Pocahontas and the Powhatan Dilemma (Hill & Wang, 2004)
Malintzin's Choices: An Indian Woman in the Conquest of Mexico (New Mexico, 2006); translated Malintzin: Una mujer indígena en la Conquista de México (Ediciones Era, Mexico, 2015)
American Indian History: A Documentary Reader (Wiley-Blackwell, 2009)
Here in This Year: Seventeenth-Century Nahuatl Annals of the Tlaxcala-Puebla Valley (Stanford, 2010)
Annals of Native America: How the Nahuas of Colonial Mexico Kept Their History Alive (Oxford University Press, 2016)
Fifth Sun: A New History of the Aztecs (Oxford University Press, 2019)
Indigenous Life After the Conquest: The De la Cruz Family Papers of Colonial Mexico, with Caterina Pizzigoni (Penn State University Press, 2021)
References
External links
Faculty page
1965 births
Living people
Rutgers University faculty
Colgate University faculty
Rutgers University alumni
American women historians
21st-century American historians
21st-century American women
Historians from New York (state)
Aztec scholars
Professor John Ntambirweki is a lawyer, academic and academic administrator in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.  They are the current Vice Chancellor of Uganda Pentecostal University, a private university, which was accredited by the Uganda National Council for Higher Education in 2005.
Background
They were born in Mbarara District, in Western Uganda, circa 1955.
Education
They graduated with a Bachelor of Laws from Makerere University, a Diploma In Law Practice from Law Development Center. Their degree of Master of Laws from the University of Nairobi.
Work history
John Ntambirweki is a former Senior Lecturer of Makerere University.  They are also a former Head of Department of Law, Uganda Christian University.
Other considerations
John Ntambirweki is a Consultant at the law firm of Ntambirweki Kandeebe & Company Advocates, based in Kampala. Other advocates at the firm include Barbara Ntambirweki, a daughter to John Ntambirweki, and a Senior Lecturer in the Faculty of Law at Uganda Pentecostal University.
See also
List of Universities in Uganda
List of university leaders in Uganda
List of business schools in Uganda
Kabarole District
References
External links
Uganda Pentecostal University Students Allowed To Study Bar Course At LDC
Living people
Makerere University alumni
University of Nairobi alumni
People from Kabarole District
Toro people
Ugandan Christians
1945 births
Vice-chancellors of universities in Uganda
20th-century Ugandan lawyers
Law Development Centre alumni
Uganda Pentecostal University academics
21st-century Ugandan lawyers
Imam Baqir Mosque is a Shi'a mosque located in Surra, Kuwait City, Kuwait. The prayer hall for men holds 6,000 worshippers, and the women's prayer hall contains about 2,000. In 2011 the imam of the mosque was Sheikh Mustafa. Imam Baqir Mosque is one of the largest Shi'a Mosques in Kuwait. For Friday prayer, most worshippers come in the afternoon. During the Maghreb Prayer about 2,000 Worshippers attend. Construction was started in 2005, and was completed in 2007.
See also
Mosque
List of mosques
2007 establishments in Kuwait
21st-century mosques
Buildings and structures in Kuwait City
Mosques completed in 2007
Shia mosques in Kuwait
Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom is a multi-cultural, multi-purpose visitor and community hub in Foxton, in the southern part of New Zealand's North Island. The facility hosts some 150,000 users annually - to visit the Maori and Dutch museums, the library or the community rooms, the gallery or the heritage room. Locals take care of their affairs in the Council Service Centre.
Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom was created through a partnership between Horowhenua District Council, Te Taitoa Māori o Te Awahou Trust and the Dutch Connection Museum Trust. Its signage features three languages, and its objective is to act as a centre for cultural wellbeing for the local community, mana whenua (Ngati Raukawa ki te Tonga) and Dutch immigrants alike.
The Piriharakeke museum illustrates the history, reo and taonga of Ngati Raukawa ki te Tonga. The Oranjehof museum tells the story of the 'Invisible Immigrants' - the Dutch community in Aotearoa.
The facility is located in Te Awahou Riverside Cultural Park, along with two cafes, a museum and other attractions.
Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom
Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom first opened its doors to the public on 18 November 2017. The opening day was attended by Kaumatua, Ministers of the Crown and the Dutch Ambassador.
A Community and Visitor Hub
The concept of a multi-cultural and multi-lingual community and visitor centre attracted funding of more than $1 million from the Ministry of Arts, Culture and Heritage.
In 2018, the facility won a number of architecture and cultural awards, including an Project Excellence Award Museums Aotearoa Award judges considered Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom: “a ground-breaking three-way cultural partnership. The result is a feeling of real community ownership for the centre.”
The facility includes two museums, a gallery, a heritage room, library, cafe and i-SITE, plus a Council service centre. Some 150,000 locals, visitors from out of town and international tourists frequent the building every year. The community areas include a foyer that regularly hosts art classes and senior-net IT help sessions, a large reading area with armchairs and power outlets, and a children's play area with educational toys. Room hire is available for educational purposes, exercise classes, hui, and conventions and business meetings.
A Multi-cultural facility
Te Awahou Nieuwe Stroom was created through a collaboration between three Partners: local Iwi, Horowhenua District Council and Dutch immigrant groups.
The Hon Maggie Barry, Minister of Arts, Culture and Heritage, commented: "As keepers and kaitiaki of our stories and our precious taonga, the local museums and galleries and whare taonga play an incredibly important role in our sense of identity as New Zealanders in a multi-cultural sense, ... [this is a] world-class facility".
The Shared Gallery has featured exhibitions from Maori artists and weavers, the 'Nga Hau Ngakau' Māori art exhibition with paintings and taonga puoro, Dutch exhibitions featuring Abel Tasman, Anne Frank and Rembrandt, as well as more local ones.
Museums
The Piriharakeke Inspiration Generation Centre features:
Whakapapa – Origin stories associated with Ngāti Raukawa ki te Tonga
Whenua – A digitised perspective of landmarks and people, through the Ngāti Raukawa ki te Tonga rohe
Ko Manawatū te awa – The relationship with the river
Kaumātua – Our iwi leaders
Taonga – Special and important, shared with visitors
The Oranjehof Dutch Connection Centre showcases:
Tasman's travels – The first meeting of two worlds, Māori and Pākehā
Nederlandse Taal – You can listen to Dutch language on Dutch radio
Traditional games - Plus dress up costumes for selfies
The story of why so many Nederlanders ventured to Aotearoa
The Dutch influence on art and design - And on coffee culture, cheese making, agriculture and dairy
References
External links
Official site
Museums in Manawatū-Whanganui
Foxton, New Zealand
Philip Stephen Hendrie (born September 1, 1952) is an American radio personality and actor.  They are widely known for their voiceover talent throughout the radio and film industry. They came to prominence in the 1990s hosting The Phil Hendrie Show, a radio talk show where they portrayed both themselves as a calm, rational host while simultaneously portraying any of several outrageous and offensive characters who would engage in debates with Hendrie and callers to the show.
Hendrie has also acted professionally on a number of occasions, notably in a recurring role on the drama The Unit, as well as the voice of multiple characters on the animated comedies F is for Family, Rick and Morty, Futurama, King of the Hill and The Midnight Gospel.
Early life
Hendrie was born and raised in Arcadia, California. In 1958 when Hendrie was five years old, their family took a road trip to visit relatives in Toronto, Ontario. They listened to the radio the whole way. They knew then they wanted to work in radio one day. They were one of four children in an upper-middle-class Catholic family and an altar boy at Arcadia's Holy Angels Church.
Hendrie's father was a salesperson who came to Los Angeles in 1950 after serving in the Canadian Army during World War II. When Hendrie was 12 years old, listening to radio was their escape. They were a huge fan of the Top 40 D.J. "Emperor" Bob Hudson and once rode their bike to radio station KRLA in Pasadena to meet him.
When they were 13 years old, Hendrie's parents divorced. Their father moved to Europe and married a woman who had four kids. Hendrie's family home was repossessed, forcing them to move into a small rented apartment where they slept on a couch during their senior year in high school. After graduating, Hendrie attended Pasadena City College to earn an English degree. After one year at college, they left for Orlando, Florida, in the early-1970s. They got a job in construction working on the build-out of Walt Disney World.
Career
Radio
Hendrie made a demo tape and got their first DJ job at WBJW in Winter Park, Florida a city just outside Orlando, in 1973 at age 20. In 1978, they left WORJ in Orlando to do evenings at WNOE-FM in the French Quarter of New Orleans. They would go on from there to spin records up until 1988 in Miami, San Diego, and Los Angeles.
In 1989, Phil debuted as a weekend talk show host on KFI, a news/talk station in Los Angeles.
After their show was cancelled on KFI, KVEN in Ventura, California, offered them a job in August 1990. In late September 1990, Hendrie introduced their first fictional on-air character on their radio talk show: Iraqi Raj Fahneen. The Gulf War had broken out and Fahneen vociferously defended Saddam Hussein. Thinking it was a real person on the air, listeners went ballistic. An entire cast of characters evolved, and in 18 months Hendrie took the show to major market stations in Atlanta, Minneapolis, and Miami and eventually back to Los Angeles.
As a radio satirist whose show is driven by a cast of fictional characters, all of whom Hendrie created and plays on air, they set up a topic and discusses it with one of their characters. Feeding the circle of social satire are the callers who are real and genuinely passionate about what Hendrie's "guest" is saying. Loyal fans enjoy being in on the ruse as Hendrie orchestrates a parody of their own profession—talk radio.
In October 1996 Hendrie went back to KFI to host The Phil Hendrie Show daily. Hendrie's popularity resulted in the radio show going national in 1999 via Premiere Radio Networks, a subsidiary of Clear Channel Communications.
In February 2005, Hendrie's flagship station, KFI, moved them to sister station KLAC in an effort to help turn the all-sports talk radio station into a ratings winner with entertainment programming incorporated. The show remained nationally syndicated on 120 radio stations until 2006.
On April 27, 2006, Hendrie announced they were leaving radio to pursue their acting career on a full-time basis. At the time, Hendrie was working on NBC's sitcom Teachers as cynical history teacher Dick Green.
Their last day on air was June 23, 2006.
On June 4, 2007, it was announced that Phil Hendrie would return to radio June 25, 2007, via national syndicator Talk Radio Network (TRN), with shows airing nationally Monday through Friday from 10 PM to 1 AM Pacific Time on 100 radio stations. The show was a straight talk show until September 14, 2009, when they welcomed back their cast of characters, bringing back their original brand of radio theater. "Radio needs alternative programming, like my show, now more than ever," said Hendrie. "Having the advantage of communicating compelling and outrageous points of view through these characters is an opportunity no other host has."
On Saturday, November 20, 2010, KFI in Los Angeles announced that Phil Hendrie and their cast of voices is joining the station's weekend lineup. Heard Saturdays on KFI, Hendrie did a local show for the station while doing their national show Monday through Friday.
On February 23, 2012, Hendrie announced to their fans via Twitter and the show's website that February 25, 2012, would be their last KFI show. Hendrie said, "This was not an easy decision because I'm going to miss everyone at KFI big time. However, doing a show like mine six days a week is murder."
In mid 2013, Hendrie announced they were leaving TRN. In 2014 Hendrie announced they would be leaving over-air broadcasting for good. They then switched to an all-digital format of their show that was listenable online, airing Monday-Friday at 9a.m. Pacific time, accessible from their website or via the smartphone application TuneIn. The show was then podcast for free within hours, available for a period of five days. Today, the show is available in podcast form on-demand seven days a week from Hendrie's website, PodCast One and various other internet and podcast platforms.
Acting
From 1999 to 2009, Hendrie voiced characters on the hit animated TV series King of the Hill. They also voiced a variety of characters for several episodes of Futurama from 2000 to 2002 and played three characters on the 2009 feature-length video Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder.
From 2001 to 2002, Hendrie appeared in the TV series Andy Richter Controls the Universe and in Judd Apatow's TV movie North Hollywood. They played Judge McCarthy on Richard Appel's A.U.S.A. in 2003. They also starred in a TV pilot they wrote and executive produced for NBC called Phil at the Gate the same year. In 2004, Hendrie voiced the computer I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. and the Chechen terrorist in Trey Parker's and Matt Stone's motion picture Team America: World Police and starred in Steven Levitan's animated TV pilot Phil Hendrie.
From 2006 to 2007, Hendrie had a recurring role in David Mamet's series The Unit and appeared in five episodes. Other TV series included NBC's sitcom Teachers, wherein as part of an ensemble cast they played the part of school teacher Dick Green for the full season; and The Replacements, wherein they appeared in two episodes as the mayor. They were also in the 2006 TV movie Three Strikes. In 2008, Hendrie played the New Jersey Nets coach in the comedy film Semi-Pro starring Will Ferrell. Also that year, Hendrie had parts in the TV movies Mike Birbiglia's Secret Public Journal and Giants of Radio. They also appeared in the Modern Family season 3 episode "Me? Jealous?".
In the summer of 2011, Hendrie filmed a part for Judd Apatow's motion picture This Is 40, which was in theaters in December 2012. In 2012, they played the recurring character Joe Napoli on three episodes of New Girl. Other television work in 2012 included recurring parts on six episodes of Napoleon Dynamite and a role in an episode of ABC's Emmy Award-winning TV series Modern Family. Also out in 2012 was the film Last Call, in which Hendrie was cast as the liquor company representative, Mulvahill. In 2013, Hendrie contributed voice work for the critically acclaimed Adult Swim show Rick and Morty. In 2014, Hendrie played a fictionalized version of themselves in the TV series Maron, and narrated a segment of the Comedy Central program Drunk History on the show's episode featuring the story of the late Hawaii Senator Daniel Inouye. In 2015, Hendrie joined F is for Family to play various background characters., and later year that made their debut on the Cartoon Network's Adult Swim series Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell as the voice of Cerberus. In 2016, Hendrie was featured on Disney's animated series The 7D as a Park Ranger and as a Chef - the dialogue for both roles being entirely improvised by Hendrie. In 2018, they voiced the male Action Police officers on Unikitty!. In 2019, Hendrie rejoined the cast of Your Pretty Face is Going to Hell - created by Dave Willis and Casper Kelly - with the on-screen role of "Stan the Man". Later that same year, Hendrie played the role of Mr. Grayson in the ABC sitcom The Conners. Also in 2019, Hendrie was set to play the lead as an "insane" grandparent in the CBS' multi-camera comedy, Our House, opposite of Katherine Heigl and Malcolm Barrett. Recorded in late 2019 and broadcast in 2020, Hendrie voiced the "Universe Simulator" and a variety of other characters on the Netflix animated series, The Midnight Gospel. Other than Duncan Trussell, Co-Creator and star of The Midnight Gospel, Hendrie is the only other voice actor to appear in each episode of the debut season. In 2020, Hendrie performed the voice of Albert Einstein in the hit CBS sitcom, Young Sheldon.
Digital
Hendrie created their website in 1999 during their syndication deal with Premiere Radio Networks. In 2006, they acquired ownership of the website. On March 26, 2010, Hendrie launched their revamped website with new features like "Backstage Pass" and "Phollow Phil." In August that same year, Hendrie launched a podcast version of their national radio show on iTunes for their Backstage Pass subscribers.
In 2012, Hendrie extended their brand to Pandora with a collection of comedy bits featuring such characters as Jay Santos, Chris Norton, Bobbie Dooley, David G. Hall and Ted Bell.
In 2013, it was announced that Hendrie partnered with LEG Digital and Courtside Media's Launchpad Digital Media to increase their growing digital fan base. As of 2014, Hendrie created an all-digital audio show available on-demand seven days a week from The Phil Hendrie Show website, in podcast form on PodCast One, and via various other internet and podcast platforms. In addition to the free daily podcast released Monday through Friday, The Phil Hendrie Show offers an all-access subscription known as a "Backstage Pass" (or "BSP"), providing access to over 40,000 hours of digital audio shows and archived radio broadcasts. As evidenced by "The BSP Map" that is accessible on the show's website, The Phil Hendrie Show has a global reach and is supported by an international subscriber base.
References
External links
Radiotapes.com: featuring an aircheck of Phil Hendrie on WCCO/Minneapolis–St. Paul
American male comedians
American talk radio hosts
American male voice actors
Radio personalities from Los Angeles
Radio personalities from Miami
Radio personalities from Minneapolis
People from the San Gabriel Valley
1952 births
Living people
American male television actors
21st-century American male actors
American people of Canadian descent
Comedians from California
21st-century American comedians
Burroughs–Foland Farm is a historic home and farm located at Livingston, Columbia County, New York. The main farmhouse was built in 1908, and is a -story, Mission Revival style, stuccoed hollow tile dwelling. It features a full-width, tripartite arched front porch, flanking side porches, and hipped roof of red barrel tile. Also on the property are the contributing carriage house (1908); original frame farmhouse (c. 1840, c. 1885, 1908); barn, cow stable, and silo (c. 1840–1860); truck and tractor building (c. 1870–1880); stable and carriage house (c. 1840–1860); piggery (c. 1860); engine house (c. 1908); and small dwelling house (c. 1910–1920).
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
References
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Mission Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1908
Houses in Columbia County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Columbia County, New York
1908 establishments in New York (state)
U.S. Route 9
Rock Valley School is a historic one-room school building located at Rock Valley in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1885 and is a one-story wood-frame building on a cut-stone foundation and gable roof. The main section of the building is rectangular and approximately 24 feet by 36 feet, two bays wide and three bays deep. It was used as a school into the early 1940s and used as a polling place and community meeting house since the 1950s.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Defunct schools in New York (state)
Schoolhouses in the United States
One-room schoolhouses in New York (state)
School buildings completed in 1885
The cervical spinal nerve 3 (C3) is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment.
It originates from the spinal column from above the cervical vertebra 3 (C3).
References
Spinal nerves
"Feel That Fire" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dierks Bentley. It was released in September 2008 as the first single and title track from their 2009 album of the same name. The song became Bentley's sixth Number One on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the week of February 21, 2009.
Content
This song, which Bentley co-wrote along with Brad and Brett Warren (of The Warren Brothers) and their producer Brett Beavers, is an up-tempo mostly accompanied by electric guitar and banjo. It describes the narrator's lover and lists off all the things that they want, such as "rid[ing] the bull at the rodeo" and “mak[ing] every stray [animal] a pet". In the chorus, the narrator explains that "she needs to feel that fire" and be their lover. This song is set in the key of A-flat major with the guitars set to E-flat tuning and a main chord pattern of A-D-G-A. Bentley's vocals range from G to E.
Critical reception
Alison Bonaguro, in an entry for the CMT blog, described the song favorably. In their review, they said, "In a world of passionless relationships, I think this song is very aspirational."
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site Engine 145. Despite calling it an "uptempo number that finds Bentley singing about something other than life on the road, featuring a rockin' intro", critic Brady Vercher said that the song "contains a weak narrative that settles for what's easiest by barely delving into the subject."
Promotion
To promote the single, Bentley shipped more than 2000 boxes of Cracker Jack to various radio stations (a reference to "she wants the toy in the Cracker Jack", a line from the opening). Fifty-one stations were chosen randomly as winners, with the grand prize being a concert with Bentley.
The music video featured actor and model Sarah Desage.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2008 singles
2008 songs
Dierks Bentley songs
Songs written by the Warren Brothers
Music videos directed by Peter Zavadil
Songs written by Dierks Bentley
Songs written by Brett Beavers
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Song recordings produced by Brett Beavers
The Second Battle of Heglig was an armed confrontation of the 2012 South Sudan-Sudan border conflict that broke out on 10 April 2012.
Conflict
After claiming that Sudan had been harassing its forces from the air and the use of artillery, South Sudan ordered its forces to attack the Sudanese army in the Heglig area in retaliation.
The Sudan People's Liberation Army launched an offensive northwards, claiming they were chasing retreating Sudanese army units that had attacked South Sudanese territory. The forces from Sudan held defensive positions in and around Heglig and clashes ensued when the South Sudanese army reached the area and engaged them.
After a day of fierce clashes, Sudan admitted that they had been defeated by the South's armed forces despite having put up stiff resistance against "Huge, well equipped forces" from South Sudan.
South Sudanese forces began reinforcing their positions in Heglig on 13 April, whilst Sudan continued to mobilise its own forces. According to the South Sudanese government, the frontlines had remained static during the day. Sudanese forces claimed to be advancing on Heglig and that the situation would be dealt with "within hours." A spokesperson of the Sudanese government said that its army was on the outskirts of Heglig, while South Sudan's government said that it would defend themselves if attacked. The Sudanese government spokesperson also added that South Sudan failed to control "all of South Kordofan state."
Sudanese warplanes bombed Heglig on 15 April, with Southern officials accusing the North of "bombing the central processing facility to rubble". Sudan strongly denied the claims.
On 20 April 2012 the Sudanese armed forces entered Heglig and controlled the oil field The Sudanese army claimed to have killed over 1,000 South Sudanese soldiers at Heglig. The death toll however is impossible to verify but an AFP correspondent in Heglig said the putrid bodies of dead South Sudanese lay beneath trees scattered about the area. They said the number of bodies was so large they were "uncountable". They also said, the corpses bore the South Sudanese flag on their uniforms. Earlier in the occupation one Southern soldier in Bentiu, capital of the South's Unity state, said: "There are so many bodies at the front line, so many dead" that it is impossible to bury them or bring them back. South Sudan denied these claims .
See also
List of border conflicts
References
Heglig, Battle Of
Heglig
Heglig
South Sudan–Sudan border
South Sudan–Sudan relations
2012 in Sudan
2012 in South Sudan
My Name Is Gulpilil is a 2021 documentary film about the life of celebrated Australian actor David Gulpilil, at the time sick with stage four lung cancer.
Synopsis
The film covers Gulpilil's acting career, their life in Murray Bridge, the cancer, alcohol addiction, and their various marriages and relationships.
Production
My Name is Gulpilil was directed by Australian filmmaker Molly Reynolds.
It was mostly shot in 2017, with the expectation that Gulpilil (who died in November 2021) would not live much longer. The use of Gulpilil's name in the title, potentially problematic in Aboriginal culture after their death, was a deliberate choice by the actor.
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the documentary holds an approval rating of 100% based on 10 reviews, with an average rating of 8/10.
Awards
Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts Award (AACTA): Winner, Best Documentary (Molly Reynolds, Rolf de Heer, Peter Djigirr, David Gulpilil); Best Editing in a documentary (Tania Nehme)
Australian Screen Editors Award: Nominated for Best Editing in a Documentary Feature (Tania Nehme)
Atom Awards: Finalist in three categories (Best Documentary – Arts; Best Documentary – Biography; Best Documentary – History); winner in the Biography and History categories
References
Australian documentary films
Documentary films about Aboriginal Australians
2021 documentary films
2021 films
2020s Australian films
Scavas is the name of sports cars designed by Greek engineer Vassilios Scavas that were never industrially produced.
After gaining experience from working at Biamax, Scavas started their first car design in 1969, undertaking the entire vehicle development. Scavas 1, a sports car with a 1200cc NSU engine was introduced in 1973. Although the vehicle received a registration licence, there was no further production. Their second model, the stylish Scavas 2 was designed in 1992 with the intention of series production. Again, even though the car received a registration licence (and used by Scavas himself), for bureaucratic reasons, no permit for further production was awarded by the state. Scavas 3 of 1996 remained a design.
References
L.S. Skartsis and G.A. Avramidis, "Made in Greece", Typorama, Patras, Greece (2003) (republished by the University of Patras Science Park, 2007)
L.S. Skartsis, "Greek Vehicle & Machine Manufacturers 1800 to present: A Pictorial History", Marathon (2012) (eBook)
E. Roupa and E. Hekimoglou, "I istoria tou aftokinitou stin Ellada (History of automobile in Greece)", Kerkyra - Economia publishing, Athens (2009)
"35 Years 4 Trohoi" (collectible edition of the 4 Trohoi auto magazine), Technical Press, Athens (2004)
External links
Dutch auto catalog
Car manufacturers of Greece
Cars of Greece
Titea is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species include:
Titea caerula Tite, 1963
Titea extensa Bethune-Baker, 1906
Titea sublutea Tite, 1963
References
Luciini
Lycaenidae genera
Poulter Glacier is a glacier in Antarctica, about 180 miles from the South Pole at an elevation of 8,000 feet. It flows east from the Antarctic Plateau past the Rawson Mountains in the Queen Maud Mountains and joins with the Scott Glacier. It was discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition II Geology Party under Quinn Blackburn. It was named by Admiral Richard Byrd for Thomas Poulter.
References
Glaciers of Amundsen Coast
NebuAd was an American online advertising company based in Redwood City, California, with offices in New York and London and was funded by the investment companies Sierra Ventures and Menlo Ventures.
It was one of several companies which originally developed behavioral targeting advertising systems, and sought deals with ISPs to enable them to analyse customer's websurfing habits in order to provide them with more relevant, micro-targeted advertising. Phorm was a similar company operating out of Europe. Adzilla and Project Rialto also appear to be developing similar systems.
At one point, NebuAd had signed up more than 30 customers, mostly Internet access providers, its agreements with providers covered 10 percent of the broadband users in America. Due to fallout following public and Congressional concern, NebuAd's largest ISP customers pulled out. NebuAd closed for business in the UK in August 2008, followed by the US in May 2009. NebuAd UK Ltd was dissolved in February 2010.
Overview
NebuAd's platform comprised three main parts: hardware, hosted within an ISP, capable of inserting content into pages, an off-site server complex to analyse and categorise the contents of users' Internet communications, and relationships with advertising networks willing to present NebuAd's targeted advertising.
The system consisted of hardware device installed within an ISP client network. Each device was capable of monitoring up to 50,000 users. Users could "opt-out" of NebuAd's information collection and targeted ads, but there was no way for users to prevent ISPs from sending the data to NebuAd in the first place.
Since ISPs route customers' traffic, it is an important vantage point from which to monitor all traffic to-and-from a consumer using Deep packet inspection (DPI). By analysing the traffic, NebuAd reported it gained more information about a customer' particular interests, than less intrusive methods. NebuAd's privacy policy claimed they "specifically not store or use any information relating to confidential medical information, racial or ethnic origins, religious beliefs, or sexuality, which are tied to personally identifiable information ('sensitive personal information')." It also advises, "The information we collect is stored and processed on NebuAd's servers in the United States. As a result, that information may be subject to access requests by governments, courts or law enforcement."
At least 2 customers of a middle America ISP, WOW! noticed unexpected cookies appearing for sites such as nebuad.adjuggler.com, after using Google, which were being read and written, but when WOW's support department was contacted, WOW initially denied responsibility for the activity. After noticing problems with Google loading slowly, and the creation of these non-Google cookies, one customer spent hours trying to disinfect their machine, as they incorrectly thought it had been infected with spyware, but, when this proved ineffective, they resorted to reinstalling their machine's OS from scratch, only to discover the problem did not go away.
On July 9, 2008, WOW suspended the use of NebuAd services to its subscribers.
According to NebuAd's sales, less than 1% of users opt-out. One ISP expected to earn at least $2.50 per month for each user.
NebuAd bought impressions from ad networks including Valueclick.
NebuAd argued that behavioral targeting enriches the Internet on several fronts. Firstly, website owners are offered an improved click-through rate (CTR), which could increase profits, or reduce the amount of page-space dedicated to advertising. Owners of previously thought ad-unfriendly websites were offered a chance to make money not on the subject matter of their website, but on the interests of their visitors.
Advertisers were offered better targeted adverts, hence reducing the "scattergun approach" (publishing as many ads as possible, in the hope of catching a client) and users were offered more relevant adverts.
ISPs were paid for allowing NebuAd access to their network on a per-user per-active profile basis.
NebuAd used data such as Web search terms, page views, page and ad clicks, time spent on specific sites, zip code, browser info and connection speed to categorise a user's interests. NebuAd did not have access to user identification information from the ISP, but may have been able to discover this through traffic monitoring (for example, email traffic may tie an email address to an ip address). Bob Dykes, the NebuAd CEO claimed in 2008; "We have 800 [consumer interest segments] today and we're expanding that to multiple thousands".
Controversies
Generally, NebuAd provided an additional revenue to network operators, which may maintain or lower consumers' Internet access bills. Critics of DPI and targeted advertising believe the raw content of their internet communications are entrusted to the ISP for handling without being inspected, or modified, nor for sale. Privacy advocates criticize the lack of disclosure which some ISPs provided, prior to partnering with NebuAd, was a weak opt-out method, the lack of oversight over what any third-party company does with the contents of Internet communications, its conflicts with the United States wiretap laws, and the company's refusal to name its partner ISPs.
Consumer notification
In February 2008, one American cable operator, Wide Open West (WOW) started rolling out NebuAd. The roll-out was completed in the first week of March 2008. WOW updated its terms and conditions to include a mention of NebuAd, and in some cases informed customers of the terms having been updated. However, customers were not explicitly notified about NebuAd until later, sometime after the third week of March 2008.
In response to an inquiry from members of the United States House of Representatives Telecommunications Subcommittee about its pilot test of NebuAd's services, Embarq said it had notified consumers by revising its privacy policy 2 weeks prior to sending its users' data streams to NebuAd.
A Knology user in Knoxville, Tennessee reported they were not notified their Internet use was being monitored.
In May 2008, Charter Communications announced it planned to monitor websites visited by its customers via a partnership with NebuAd. But after customers voiced their concerns, Charter changed its mind in June.
Friction between ISP staff and management
Plans to implement NebuAd did not agree with some ISP's employees, including one employee was planned to re-route their traffic to avoid NebuAd's Deep Packet Inspection hardware, altogether.
Opt out vs. opt in
Members of US Congress, Ed Markey, chairperson of the House Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet, and Joe Barton, a ranking member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, have argued that such services must be opt-in only to comply with the provisions laid down by Section 631 of the US Communications Act, and they wrote to Charter to request them to suspend the test: "We respectfully request that you do not move forward on Charter Communications' proposed venture with NebuAd until we have an opportunity to discuss with you issues raised by this proposed venture."
A writer for Wired News questioned whether Charter users could really opt out of being monitored or if they were able to opt out only of receiving targeted ads. The same writer has asked if it would breach anti-wiretapping laws.
An engineer who examined the system confirmed there was no way to opt out of NebuAd's monitoring. All inbound and outbound information was intercepted and sent to NebuAd's offsite server to be processed. Even if a user had opted out of the service, it did not prevent the ISP from sending the data to NebuAd.
Use of packet forgery and browser exploits
A report by Robert M. Topolski, chief technology consultant of the Free Press and Public Knowledge, showed NebuAd's devices created cookies on end-users machines by injecting a specious packet into the end of the data stream returned in response to some web page requests submitted to search engines, including Google and Yahoo. The content of this specious packet, which would be added to the end of the web page when it is rendered by the end-user's browser, contained HTML script tags which cause the browser to request Javascript from HugeDomains.com.
Superimposing or adding advertising to webpages
Critics were concerned that NebuAd superimposed its own advertising over the ads of other advertisers, or placing additional advertising to a page. These concerns originated o the NebuAd's "Fair Eagle" operation, patent application data which mentioned such inventions, and a loose relationship to Claria Corporation whose products and history suggest such tactics, as well as by the following:
In 2007 it was reported that Redmoon, a Texas-based ISP was using a NebuAd technology to inject Redmoon's own advertising into pages visited by its users. The "Fair Eagle" advertisement hardware, provided by NebuAd, inserted additional advertising alongside the content of web pages. The ads featured a window with the "Fair Eagle" title bar. The injected ads stopped appearing toward the end of June, 2007.
Relationship with Claria Corporation
Some senior staff members of NebuAd had worked previously at a (now defunct) ad company, named Claria Corporation (formerly, the Gator Corporation), which was well known for ad software known as Gator. Both Claria and NebuAd were located in Redwood City, California. The June 2006 creation of nebuad.com coincides with timing of Claria's decision to shut down the Gator service. NebuAd repeatedly denied any corporate connection to Claria, describing its hiring of Claria employees as a result of that company shedding employees in a tight market for experienced advertising sales staff in the Valley.
ISP partners
ISPs that tried out or deployed or prepared to deploy Nebuad included the following:
Broadstripe (formerly and formally Millennium Digital Media),
Decaturnet Internet Services,
Eastern Oregon Net, Inc. (EONI),
High Speed Networks -E50 (HSNe50),
Metro Provider,
OnlyInternet.Net,
Progressive Internet Services (Jayco.Net),
RTC on Line (Rochester Telephone Company, Indiana),
20/20 Communications (2020comm.net)
The following ISPs are listed in legal documents
related to the class action notice (see below) as having deployed NebuAd hardware:
AllCities
Annapolis Wireless Internet
AzulStar, Inc.
Bresnan Communications, LLC
Cable One, Inc.
Casco Communications/Peak Internet
Cavalier Broadband, LLC
CenturyTel, Inc.; CenturyTel Broadband
Services, LLC; CenturyTel Service Group, LLC
CMS Internet LLC
Eastern Oregon Network, Inc.
Education Networks of America (ENA)
Embarq Management Co.; United Telephone
Co. of Eastern Kansas
Fire2Wire
Galaxy Internet Services
Grande Communications
High Speed Data Inc.
20/20 Communications
iBahn General Holdings
Knology, Inc.
Mesa Networks, Inc.
Millennium Digital Media Systems/Broadstripe
Network Evolution, Inc.
Nexicom Inc.
Ricochet Networks, Inc.
Rochester Telephone Company, Inc.
Softcom Internet Communications
United Online/NetZero
Unplugged Cities
WideOpenWest Finance, LLC (WOW)
All ISPs ended or suspended their relationship with NebuAd.
Charter Communications suspended its plans to test NebuAd following scrutiny from lawmakers and privacy groups.
An Embarq spokesperson told the Associated Press that it ended its trial with NebuAd, and has not decided whether to move forward with Behavioral Targeting advertising "either through NebuAd or with any other vendor".
CenturyTel, one of the earliest known ISPs to test NebuAd, notified customers in late May 2008 that it was deploying the hardware, only to pull out of the deal alongside of Charter a month later.
Bresnan Communications used the NebuAd technology. Following the announcements by Charter, Embarq, and CenturyTel that they would no longer use NebuAd on their networks, Bresnan told a blogger that their NebuAd trial had ended and they would comply with whatever regulatory model emerges from the current debate.
Web cache evidence indicated that Blackfoot Telecommunications Group, Inc. of Missoula, Montana appeared to have tried NebuAd between March and May 2008. Blackfoot's Mary Worden later explained, "Blackfoot tested NebuAd on its internal corporate network, with employees only and not with its customers, in March 2008, but had similar concerns to those raised by consumer groups and elected not to launch the service."
Nexicom, serving Central Ontario and the Kawarthas, Canada, notified users via its Privacy Policy page that it was using NebuAd as of April 23, 2008. Following a question to users on a public forum, Nexicom's Paul Stewart replied, "Nexicom was investigating using the NebuAd service. The software was never implemented at any time as there were concerns on several levels regarding privacy issues. References to NebuAd in Nexicom's Privacy Policy has been removed."
Wide Open West (WOW) completed suspension of NebuAd services on July 9. In a response to customer inquiries, WOW indicated, "With Congress in active review of online behavioral advertising, WOW! Internet- Cable- Phone is suspending its deployment of NebuAd services to our subscribers at this time. We believe that all parties are best served by a thoughtful and thorough review of this emerging advertising model, and we welcome the opportunity for that discussion to take place."
Knology reported to the United States House Committee on Energy and Commerce that it discontinued a trial of NebuAd in all markets as of July 14, 2008.
Unbeknownst to its users, Cable One conducted NebuAd tests on 14,000 customers in Alabama for six months beginning in November 2007. As of August 2008, Cable One had decided against using the technology "commercially" on its systems but in September said it was waiting for "clear rules and boundaries".
Closure
NebuAd was closed down in the UK in August 2008 and in the US in May 2009.
Class-action lawsuit
A proposed settlement for a class-action lawsuit against NebuAd was underway in October 2011. All subscribers to the ISPs listed above between January 1, 2007, and July 1, 2008, were to be considered mandatory class members and so did not have to opt in and could not choose to opt out. Under the terms of the proposed settlement, NebuAd would create a settlement fund of approximately $2,410,000, to be used for administration of the settlement, covering legal fees, an incentive award of $5,000 to the individual who brought the complaint, providing up to $1000 for other named representatives, with most of the money going to support non-profits providing consumer education and privacy research.
References
External links
Valentine v NebuAd, Inc. Settlement Information
Deep packet inspection
Online advertising
The Youth Climate Movement (YouNGO) or International Youth Climate Movement (IYCM) refers to an international network of youth organisations that collectively aims to inspire, empower and mobilise a generational movement of young people to take positive action on climate change.
Organisation
Formation
Since the Rio Earth Summit in 1992, individual youth have been participating in international negotiations related to different environmental and sustainable development issues. With the formation of the European Youth Forum in 1996, and the U.S. youth organization SustainUS in 2001, youth-run organizations began to send delegations of youth to actively participation in these various worldwide negotiations, principally through the United Nations. Individual youth had been participating in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and with the new level of youth organization participation in international negotiations, youth organizations began to identify the UN climate negotiations as a new forum to increase youth participation in.
From November 28 to December 9, 2005, the United Nations (UN) Climate Change Convention (COP 11 or COP/MOP 1) took place at the Palais des congrès de Montréal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Youth delegations from member nations, including the United States (via SustainUS), Canada, and Australia, attended to advocate on behalf of young people. As a result, the concept of the International Youth Climate Movement was first developed, though it was originally referred to as the International Youth Delegation, referring to the youth delegates at the international climate negotiations.
Following on from this in September 2006, the Canadian Youth Climate Coalition was launched, consisting of 48 youth organisations from across the nation. This was soon followed by the Australian Youth Climate Coalition in November, which itself was a coalition of 27 youth organisations from across Australia.
In March 2008, the Indian Youth Climate Network joined the Global Youth Climate Movement whilst in June 2008, the United Kingdom ambassadors to the World Wide Fund for Nature's Voyage for the Future programme, Emma Biermann and Casper ter Kuile, created the UK Youth Climate Coalition (UKYCC), after returning from the Arctic to witness the impact of climate change. More recently, coalitions in Africa, China, Japan, Pacific Islands and South Asia have been established with the same mission statement as the International Youth Climate Movement.
Structure
Across the world, there are youth organisations who have formed coalitions to take positive action on climate change, such as the UK Youth Climate Coalition, which are led entirely by a team of young people. Each Climate Coalition or Climate Network is affiliated to a regional or continental movement. These movements include the African Youth Initiative on Climate Change; Caribbean Youth Environmental Network; European Youth Climate Movement; Project Survival Pacific; Nordic Youth Climate Action Movement; North East Asia Youth Environmental Network; the South American Youth Climate Coalition and the South Asia Youth Environment Network. Consequently, these local, national and continental organisations come together to form the International Youth Climate Movement.
Governance
The International Youth Climate Movement, although an umbrella term for the movements of young people taking place across the world, is run by teams of volunteers. These teams of volunteers organise themselves into different working groups and form the central organs of the movement, coordinated by a "Bottomlining Team" that helps to organize their efforts, especially at international climate negotiations.
Funding
The movement is funded by contributions from its member organisations, as well as occasional contributions from organizations like UNICEF and the government of the Netherlands.
Members
National members of the Youth Climate Movement include: the AYLCF Climate Action Network (France); Australian Youth Climate Coalition; Canadian Youth Climate Coalition; Arab Youth Climate Movement, China Youth Climate Action Network; ECO Singapore; Energy Action Coalition (U.S.A.), headed by coalition organization SustainUS; Project Survival Pacific, Ghana National Youth Coalition on Climate Change; Hong Kong Climate Change Coalition; Indian Youth Climate Network; Japan Youth Ecology League; Malaysian Youth Climate Justice Network; Nature and Youth Denmark; New Zealand Youth Delegation; Nigerian Youth Green Coalition on Climate Change; Russian Youth Climate Movement; Taiwan Youth Climate Coalition; Bangladesh Youth Movement for Climate (BYMC); Young Friends of the Earth; World Alliance of YMCAs; World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts; World Organisation of the Scout Movement, Malaysia Youth Delegation (MYD) and the UK Youth Climate Coalition.
Campaigns
Alongside the national campaigns undertaken by the domestic coalitions and domestic networks, such as the Power Shift conferences, the International Youth also undertake their own global campaigns, which are coordinated by a team of young volunteers.
Conference of Youth
The first Conference of Youth (COY) was held in 2005, in Montreal, Canada, shortly before the Eleventh Conference of Parties. The event brings together youth delegates for sharing resources, training, networking and collective discussions. It is also an opportunity for the youth climate movement to plan their activities over the course of the negotiations and the subsequent year.
The fifth Conference of Youth took place at the University of Copenhagen from the 4–6 December 2009 where over 700 young people from 100 countries are reported to have attended. The sixth was held at the Universidad del Caribe in preparation for the Cancun climate negotiations.
The two- or three-day event takes place annually, and it is scheduled each year to be held shortly before the United Nations Conference of Parties, where nations convene to assess the progress of the climate negotiations.
Participation at the UNFCCC negotiation process
Since 2005, each domestic coalition or network within the Youth Climate Movement has sent a delegation to the United Nations Climate Change Conference (UNFCCC) to represent young people in their respective country.
In June 2009, the youth organisations participating in the United Nations climate change negotiations submitted an application to become a constituency. In August 2009, the constituency application was provisionally approved by the climate change Secretariat, making youth the 7th constituency to join the climate negotiations. The official title for the youth participation to the climate negotiations is 'YOUNGO'. The maiden focal points for the YOUNGO elected were Wilson Ang (Singapore), sponsored by SustainUS, and Lina Li (China), sponsored by 350.org, representing the International Youth Climate Movement in an official capacity (despite the provisional status until 2011).
Currently, the elected focal points who represent the International Youth Climate Movement are Lauren Nutter (U.S.A.), sponsored by SustainUS, and Jean Paul Brice Affana (Cameroon), sponsored by Jeunes Volontaires pour l'Environnement. They follow 2010-2011 Focal Points, Sébastien Duyck (France), sponsored by Service Civil International and Rishikesh Ram Bhandary (Nepal), sponsored by SustainUS.
Throughout the year, there are other opportunities for the members of the International Youth Climate Movement to convene. For example, at the International Youth Summit on Energy and Climate Change in Beijing, China
In 2021 the health working group in the organization demanded the participation of youth climate activists in post COVID-19 pandemic recovery, as the pandemic is probably linked to climate change.
Think 2050 Campaign
In 2009, the UK Youth Climate Coalition worked with the Youth Movement, in particular the European Youth Climate Movement and SustainUS to launch the "How old will you be in 2050?" campaign at the United Nations Climate negotiations taking place in Bonn, Germany. The slogan has been used by the Youth Movement since then and was also the focus for the International Youth "Young and Future Generations Day" in December 2009. The campaign seeks to emphasise the need to cut carbon emissions by 80% by 2050 on 1990 levels, as young people will be the ones to inherit this world and decisions made today will have a direct impact on their lives in 40 years time.
Participation in writing an international report
In 2022, a team of scientists published a report called "Stockholm+50: Unlocking a Better Future", which analyzed the impact of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment in 1972 and offered recommendations for the future. The key message is to "redefine the relationship between humans and nature, achieve lasting prosperity for all, and invest in a better future." In addition, youth researchers issued a youth version of the report: "Charting a Youth Vision for a Just and Sustainable Future". The key messages are: "Health well being and communal solidarity, living in harmony with nature, international solidarity-living as one global family, a world when all humans are equal." The Youth Climate Movement (YOUNGO) and some of its members helped craft the report.
See also
Australian Youth Climate Coalition
Canadian Youth Climate Coalition
Energy Action Coalition
Indian Youth Climate Network
SustainUS
UK Youth Climate Coalition
Young Friends of the Earth
Malaysia Youth Delegation
References
External links
International climate change organizations
International nongovernmental youth organizations
Youth-led organizations
Climate change and society
Santa Maria Maior may refer to the following places in Portugal:
Santa Maria Maior (Chaves), a parish in the municipality of Chaves
Santa Maria Maior (Lisbon), a parish in the municipality of Lisbon
Santa Maria Maior (Viana do Castelo), a parish in the municipality of Viana do Castelo
Santa Maria Maior (Funchal), a parish in the municipality of Funchal, Madeira
The golden-winged tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus calopterus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, and one of twelve in the genus Poecilotriccus.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
golden-winged tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
golden-winged tody-flycatcher
golden-winged tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ishøj IF is a football club from Ishøj, Denmark. The club was founded in 2017. Its first squad plays in the Danish 3rd Division. The club has more than 1,000 members. Ishøj IF started its existence in the Zealand Series in 2017.
The club was established on 20 April 2017 as a merger between Ishøj Boldklub and SB 50 Ishøj, in order to strengthen youth football in Ishøj Municipality by centralising the academies. Former players of Ishøj include Osama Akharraz, Nicki Bille Nielsen and Adnan Mohammad. In July 2017, Ishøj became a feeder club for FC Nordsjælland.
References
External links
Official website
Ishøj IF
Football clubs in Denmark
Association football clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Denmark
Ishøj Municipality
Bradnee Chambers (19 July 1966 – January 23, 2019) was an expert on international environmental governance, law and politics. In March 2013 they were appointed as the Executive Secretary of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS), a main United Nations multilateral conservation treaty They were also the acting Executive Secretary of the Gorilla Agreement and the Agreement on the Conservation of Small Cetaceans in the Baltic, North East Atlantic, Irish and North Seas (ASCOBANS) both administered under the UN Environment Programme. These agreements form the global framework for conservation of wild animals migrating between countries. The agreements cover an immense scope of wildlife including whales, dolphins, sharks, elephants, big cats (e.g. Cheetahs, snow leopards), bats, monarch butterflies, saiga antelope, waterbirds (e.g. Ducks, geese, flamingoes), and migratory fish (e.g. Sturgeons, the European eel).
Chambers was born in Haliburton, Ontario, Canada. Before joining CMS, they were the Senior Legal Officer and Chief of the Law and Governance Branch of UNEP. An important part of UNEP responsible for developing international environmental law, providing capacity building and technical guidance on governance and legal issues to developing countries. Chambers has been a frequent contributor to international environmental governance reform and processes either through their exploration of new concepts of law and governance through their many writings or through offering alternative options for developing international environmental reforms.
In 2010 Chambers led the International Environmental Governance Strategic Team working directly for the then Executive Director Achim Steiner. The team led the secretariat for the Nairobi-Helsinki Ministerial Consultative Process International Environment Governance which made key recommendations on strengthening UNEP. In 2012 at Rio+20 Chambers continued to lead the team and engage governments resulting in a final outcome in The Future We Want that was a major step forward for upgrading and strengthening UNEP. This included transforming UNEP's Governing Council into a universal body called the United Nations Environmental Assembly, increasing its regular budget, and strengthening UNEP's institutional base in the United Nations.
Chambers worked at the United Nations University where they started its programme on Sustainable Development Governance and on Environmental Diplomacy at its Institute of Advanced Studies (UNU/IAS). These were programmes that conducted training for Climate Change Negotiators and training trainers for the WTO Ministerial negotiations. The programmes also provided policy and expert advice on major United Nations Environmental Negotiations. They held several positions at the UN University from 1996-2008 including Senior Research Fellow, Legal Officer and Senior Programme Officer and acting Deputy of the UNU/IAS. Chambers also with A.H. Zakri launched at the UN University the first Post-doctoral programmes. Before joining the UNU Chambers worked at UNCTAD on investment rules and in the Transnational Corporation Division. Chambers has worked in numerous Scientific Assessments including as a Coordinating Lead Author in the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment which won the Zayed Environmental Prize in 2005 and Global Environmental Outlook 4. Chambers has been a senior lecturer at Aoyama Gakuin University, Chiba University, Sophia University and was a Visiting Professor at the University of Tokyo in the Law Faculty.
Publications
They have published, written and edited several books on environmental governance including Interlinkages and the Effectiveness of Multilateral Environmental Agreements, Reforming International Environmental Governance: co-edited Jessica F. Green. Institutional Interplay: Biosafety and Trade Paperback – April 10, 2008 co-edited with Oran R. Young Inter-linkages: The Kyoto Protocol and the International Trade and Investment Regimes, Trade the Environment and the Millennium with Gary P. Sampson., Developing Countries and the WTO: Policy Approaches co-edited with Gary P. Sampson. They have lectured and has written extensively on many environmental issues including on international wildlife and biodiversity.
Education
They have degrees from University of Edinburgh (PHD), University of Reading (MA), University of Nottingham (LLM), and University of Windsor.
References
Canadian officials of the United Nations
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the University of Nottingham
Alumni of the University of Reading
United Nations Environment Programme
University of Windsor alumni
1966 births
2019 deaths
Canadian environmentalists
The M.I.N.K. Collegiate Baseball League is a collegiate summer baseball league consisting of nine teams. Currently, seven teams are from Missouri, two from Iowa. The league was formed in 2009 and is affiliated within the National Baseball Congress.
History
The M.I.N.K. name derives from the 1910-1913 Missouri-Iowa-Nebraska-Kansas League minor league of the same name. That league used the acronym M.I.N.K., as teams were represented by Missouri, Iowa, Nebraska and Kansas.
The Carroll Merchants moved from the MINK to the Pioneer Collegiate Baseball League after the 2016 season.
In November, 2019, The M.I.N.K. Collegiate Baseball League announced that Des Moines, Iowa and Chanute, Kansas would join the M.I.N.K in 2020, forming a nine team league, with the departure of the Ozark Generals.
On May 27, 2020, the MINK League announced the cancellation of the 2020 season due to COVID-19.
The league notes that: "All MINK Baseball League players are unpaid in order to maintain their NCAA eligibility. Each team is operated in a similar to a professional minor league baseball team, providing players an opportunity to play under the same conditions using wood bats, minor league specification baseballs, experiencing overnight road trips and playing an intense summer league schedule."
Prior to the M.I.N.K., the Clarinda A's won the 1981 National Baseball Congress World Series. The Nevada Griffons were runners-up in 1997 and 1998.
Teams
Former teams
Branson Merchants
Excelsior Springs Cougars
Omaha Diamond Spirit
Champions
Notable alumni
Tony Cingrani Clarinda
Von Hayes Clarinda
Ozzie Smith Clarinda
References
External links
MINK League
Summer baseball leagues
College sports in Missouri
Baseball leagues in Missouri
Baseball leagues in Iowa
College baseball leagues in the United States
Sport leagues established in 2009
2009 establishments in the United States
Baseball leagues in Kansas
{{Infobox film
| name = The Fountain of Life
| image = Masters of the Universe Fountain of Life logo.jpg
| image_size =
| caption =
| director = John F. Carroll Russell Minton
| writer = Screenplay:John F. CarrollAdditional writing:Paul Dini
| producer = John F. CarrollRussell Minton
| starring = John F. CarrollBethany HarbaughDavid McCullars
| cinematography = Greg DeBlieuxRussell Minton
| editing = John F. Carroll
| music = Christopher Barr
| studio = Weird City Films
| released =
| runtime = 57 minutes
| country = United States
| language = English
}}The Fountain of Life''''' is a 2012 fantasy-adventure fan film based upon Mattel's Masters of the Universe franchise and Last of the Mohicans by James Fenimore Cooper. The film was directed by John F. Carroll and Russell Minton during the winter and spring of 2012 around Austin, Texas and the Hesse, Germany.
The film is a direct sequel to the Wizard of Stone Mountain. The wizard Malik and their friends are on their way to the mythical Fountain of Life when they are ambushed by an army of Goblins. He-Man and the heroic warriors come to their aid only to fall into a much larger conflict. The film debuted at Grayskull Con 2012 in Germany in September 2012, followed by Screenings at Power-Con 2012 in Los Angeles and the Alamo Drafthouse in Austin, Texas. The film will be free to view online and will begin streaming in early 2013.
Plot
The evil Skeletor, still angry over losing Malik, The Wizard of Stone Mountain, as their bargaining chip to release a demon army from the dark dimension, devises a new plot to take over Eternia. With the aid of Evil-Lyn, Kothos and General Tataran, Skeletor tries to conquer the mythic Fountain of Life. Malik, He-Man and their friends must band together to defeat the evil warriors and prevent disaster.
Cast
John F. Carroll as Malik, General Tataran, The Faceless One, Hordak
Chris Romani as Evil-Lyn
David McCullars as He-Man
LeRoy Beck as Melaktha
Nick Orzech as Stanlan
Javier Smith as Keldor, Zodak
Bethany Harbaugh as Teela
Kevin Gouldthorpe as Stratos
Bridget Farias as Kareen
Richard Dodwell as Kyros
Joseph Fotinos as King Randor
Emily Hampton as Princess Adora, She-Ra
Blake Yelavich as Locus
Juli Dearrington as The Sorceress
Russell Minton as Kothos
Andrew Brett as Skeletor
Elisabeth Raine as Rayna
Ben Scott as Man-At-Arms
Taylor Basinger as Malik's Servant (Giaus)
Björn Korthof as Prince Adam
Johnny Bilson as Tri-Klops
John Atkin as General Blade
Lee Wilson as King Grayskull
Reception
As of December 2012, the film has only been in limited release. Audiences have not seen the final cut of the film, but many have responded favorably – especially enjoying seeing more Masters of the Universe characters, such as He-Man.
Sequels
The Fountain of Life is part of a trilogy that includes The Wizard of Stone Mountain, The Fountain of Life and The Trials of Darksmoke. The Fountain of Life is the second film in the series.
References
External links
Films shot in Austin, Texas
2012 films
2010s English-language films
Fan films
American independent films
American superhero films
2010s American films
Anne Pérard, (1743–1829) was a history writer who lived in France. They published their best-known work in 1783 under the pseudonym of Mademoiselle de Chateauregnault.
Biography
Anne Pérard was born on 12 December 1743 in Charleville, France to Etienne Pérard, a lawyer in Parliament, and Jeanne Pierdhouy.
Anne Pérard's book, A Historical Praise of Anne de Montmorency (1783) was published with the author listed under the pen name Mlle. de Chateauregnault, and it was praised by the Academy of La Rochelle. The book presented a quick picture of events that took place from the reign of King Charles VIII to the battle of St. Denis. In a published review, Abbot Sabatier de Castres, a friend of the author, said of the book, "this is a piece of our best written story that is known."
Pérard was included in the Historical Dictionary, literary and bibliographic of Fortunée Lighter (1804), which mentioned 526 women of talent who lived between the sixth century and the start of the 19th century.
They were recognized as one of the rare female literary historians of their century in France. Them contemporaries included Stéphanie Félicité, comtesse de Genlis (1746–1830) as well as the Benedictine nun and mystic Marie-Jacqueline Bouette de Blémur and the prioress Françoise-Madeleine de Chaugy, who were both well regarded as writers and chroniclers of French history.
According to Worldcat.org, Pérard's work appears in 11 publications in French and English.
After retiring to Senlis in northern France, Pérard died in 1829 at age 85.
References
1743 births
1829 deaths
French women writers
19th-century French women writers
18th-century French women writers
The 2025 Rajya Sabha elections will be held as part of a routine six-year cycle among certain of the State Legislatures in India on July and August 2025 to elect 10 of its 245 members, of which the states through their legislators elect 233, and the remaining 4 are appointed by the President
Elections
Assam
Tamil Nadu
References
2025 elections in Asia
Rajya Sabha elections in India
This is a list of High Sheriffs of Pembrokeshire. The High Sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown. Formerly the High Sheriff was the principal law enforcement officer in the county but over the centuries most of the responsibilities associated with the post have been transferred elsewhere or are now defunct, so that its functions are now largely ceremonial. The High Sheriff is reappointed in March of each year.
List of Sheriffs
16th Century
17th Century
18th Century
19th Century
20th Century
References
Pembrokeshire
Pembrokeshire
Veal is the meat of calves, in contrast to the beef from older cattle. Veal can be produced from a calf of either sex and any breed, however most veal comes from young male calves of dairy breeds which are not used for breeding. Generally, veal is more expensive by weight than beef from older cattle. Veal production is a way to add value to dairy bull calves and to utilize whey solids, a byproduct from the manufacturing of cheese.
Definitions and types
There are several types of veal, and terminology varies by country.
Similar terms are used in the US, including calf, bob, intermediate, milk-fed, and special-fed.
Culinary uses
In Italian, French and other Mediterranean cuisines, veal is often in the form of cutlets, such as the Italian cotoletta or the famous Austrian dish Wiener Schnitzel. Some classic French veal dishes include fried escalopes, fried veal Grenadines (small, thick fillet steaks), stuffed paupiettes, roast joints, and blanquettes. Because veal is lower in fat than many meats, care must be taken in preparation to ensure that it does not become tough. Veal is often coated in preparation for frying or eaten with a sauce. Veal parmigiana is a common Italian-American dish made with breaded veal cutlets.
In addition to providing meat, the bones of calves are used to make a stock that forms the base for sauces and soups such as demi-glace. Calf stomachs are also used to produce rennet, which is used in the production of cheese. Calf offal is also widely regarded as the most prized animal offal.
Production
Male dairy calves are commonly used for veal production as they do not lactate and are therefore surplus to the requirements of the dairy industry. Newborn veal calves are generally separated from the cow within three days.
Calves are sometimes raised in individual stalls for the first several weeks as a sort of quarantine, and then moved to groupings of two or more calves.
Milk-fed veal calves consume a diet consisting of milk replacer, formulated with mostly milk-based proteins and added vitamins and minerals supplemented with solid feeds. This type of diet is similar to infant formula and is also one of the most common diets used for calves in the veal industry. Grain-fed calves normally consume a diet of milk replacer for the first six to eight weeks and then move on to a mostly maize-based diet.
A farm veterinarian creates and provides a health program for the herd. Veal calves need proper amounts of water, adequate nutrition, and safe and comfortable environments to thrive.
Animal welfare
Veal production has been a controversial topic. The ethics of veal production have been challenged by animal welfare advocates and some methods are cited as animal cruelty by multiple animal welfare organizations. These organizations and some of their members consider several practices and procedures of veal production to be inhumane. Public efforts by these organizations are placing pressure on the veal industry to change some of its methods.
Some of these practices are relevant to both group and individual housing systems.
Restricted space
In the past, one aspect of veal production cited as cruelty in the industry was the lack of space veal calves were provided. Space was often deliberately restricted by the producer to stop the animal from exercising, as exercise was thought to make the meat turn redder and tougher. Modern veal production facilities in the US allow sufficient room for the calf to lie down, stand, stretch, and groom themselves.
Abnormal gut development
Some systems of veal production rear calves that are denied access to any solid feed and are fed a liquid milk replacer. They may also be deprived of bedding to prevent them from eating it. This dietary restriction completely distorts the normal development of the rumen and predisposes the calf to infectious enteritis (scouring or diarrhea) and chronic indigestion. Furthermore, calves with an underdeveloped gut are more likely to be found to have hairballs in the rumen at slaughter; the accumulation of hairballs in the rumen can impair digestion.
Abnormal behaviours
Rearing calves in deprived conditions without a teat can lead to the development of abnormal oral behaviour. Some of these may develop into oral stereotypies such as sucking, licking or biting inanimate objects, and by tongue rolling and tongue playing. "Purposeless oral activity" occupies 15% of the time in crated calves but only 2–3% in group-housed calves.
Increased disease susceptibility
Veal calves' dietary intake of iron was restricted to achieve a target haemoglobin concentration of around 4.6 mmol/L; normal concentration of haemoglobin in the blood is greater than 7 mmol/L. Calves with blood haemoglobin concentrations of below 4.5 mmol/L may show signs of increased disease susceptibility and immunosuppression.
Alternative agricultural uses for male dairy calves include raising bob veal (slaughtered at two or three days old), raising calves as "red veal" without the severe dietary restrictions needed to create pale meat (requiring fewer antibiotic treatments and resulting in lower calf mortality), and as dairy beef.
In 2008 to 2009 in the US, the demand for free-raised veal rose rapidly.
Veal crates
Veal crates are a close-confinement system of raising veal calves. Many calves raised for veal, including in Canada and the US, were confined in crates which typically measure approximately wide. The calves were housed individually and the crates may prevent physical contact between adjacent calves, and sometimes also visual contact. In the past, crated calves were often tied to the front of the crate with a tether which restricted movement. Floors are often slatted and sloped. This allows urine and manure to fall under the crate to help maintain a clean environment for the calf. In some veal crate systems, the calves were also kept in the dark without bedding and fed nothing but milk. Veal crates were designed to limit movement of the animal because it was believed by producers that the meat turns redder and tougher if the animals were allowed to exercise. The diet is sometimes highly regulated to control sources of iron, which again makes the meat redder.
In the US, the use of tethers in veal crates to prevent movement by veal calves was a principal source of controversy in veal farming. Many veal farmers started improving conditions in their veal farms in the 2000s. Veal tethering is criticized because the ability of the calves to move is highly restricted; the crates may have unsuitable flooring; the calves spend their entire lives indoors, experience prolonged sensory, social, and exploratory deprivation; and the calves are more susceptible to high amounts of stress and disease. All milk-fed veal calves in the US are now untethered and are raised in groups by at least ten weeks of age if not earlier.
Cruelty to calves
Calves need to exercise to ensure normal bone and muscle development. Calves at pasture not only walk but also run about, jump and play. Calves in veal crates cannot turn around let alone walk or run. When finally taken out of their crates to go for slaughter, calves may stumble or have difficulty walking. There is a general increase in knee and hock swelling as crate width decreases. These challenges no longer exist with US farmers adopting the practice of raising veal in groups.
Under natural conditions calves continue to suckle 3 to 6 times a day for up to 5 months. Veal crates prevent this social interaction. Furthermore, some calves were reared in crates with solid walls that prevented visual or tactile contact with their neighbours. It has been shown that calves will work for social contact with other calves.
To maintain personal hygiene and help prevent disease, calves lick themselves to groom. Cattle naturally lick all the parts of their body they can reach, however, tethering prevents calves from licking the hind parts of their body. Excessive licking of the forelegs (another abnormal behaviour) is common in stall and tether systems.
In the US, young milk-fed veal calves may be raised in individual pens up to a maximum of ten weeks of age and are typically in visual and tactile contact with their neighbors. Milk-fed veal calves are never tethered, allowing them to easily groom themselves.
Drug use
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) regulations do not permit the use of hormones on veal calves for any reason. They do, however, permit the use of antibiotics in veal raising to treat or prevent disease.
In 2004, the USDA expressed concern that the use of illegal drugs might be widespread in the veal industry. In 2004, a USDA official found a lump on a veal calf in a Wisconsin veal farm, which turned out to be an illegal hormone implant. In 2004, the USDA stated "Penicillin is not used in calf raising: tetracycline has been approved, but is not widely used."
Crate bans
Europe
In 1990, the British government banned transporting calves in close-confinement crates. Veal crates were banned across the European Union (EU) in January 2007.
Veal calf production, as such, is not allowed in many northern European countries, such as in Finland. In Finland, giving feed, drink or other nutrition which is known to be dangerous to an animal which is being cared for is prohibited, as well as failing to give nutrients the lack of which is known to cause the animal to fall ill. The Finnish Animal Welfare Act of 1996 and the Finnish Animal Welfare Decree of 1996 provided general guidelines for the housing and care of animals, and effectively banned veal crates in Finland. Veal crates are not specifically banned in Switzerland, but most calves are raised outdoors.
United States
In 2007, the American Veal Association passed a resolution encouraging the entire industry to phase out tethered crate-confinement of calves by 2017, a goal that was met by all milk-fed veal farmers.
, eight U.S. states ban tethering of calves in veal crates. Nationally, several large veal producers and the American Veal Association are also working to phase out the industry use of tethered veal crates. As of 2017, all American Veal Association members are raising calves in tether free pens and all veal calves are housed in group pens by the time they are 10 weeks of age.
State-by-state veal crate bans are as follows:
Arizona (since 2006, a part of Proposition 204)
California (effective 2015, a part of Proposition 2)
Colorado (since 2012)
Kentucky (Passed in 2014, the Kentucky Livestock Care Standards Commission issued a decision to begin a phase-out period of four years and that by 2018 veal crates will be eliminated from Kentucky farms)
Maine (since 2011)
Michigan (effective 2013)
Ohio (passed 2010, effective 2017)
Rhode Island (since July 2013)
Current active legislation in:
New York (proposed in January 2013 and 2014)
Massachusetts (House and Senate bills filed annually since 2009; current bills would take effect one year after passage)
See also
List of beef dishes
List of veal dishes
Further reading
Costa, J.H.C., von Keyserlingk, M.A.G. and Weary, D.M. (2016). Invited review: Effects of group housing of dairy calves on behavior, cognition, performance, and health. Journal of Dairy Science, 99(4), 2453–2467.
References
External links
Veal.org — From the Cattlemen's Beef Board (USA)
Beef
Edward Long Fox may refer to
Edward Long Fox (psychiatrist) (1761–1835), English psychiatrist
Edward Long Fox (physician) (1832–1902), English physician
Kaarli may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kaarli, Lääne-Viru County, village in Estonia
Kaarli, Viljandi County, village in Estonia
Sun Xiaoping (born 20 June 1962) is a Chinese biathlete. They competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
References
1962 births
Living people
Chinese male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of China
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Dariusleut, also Dariusleit, are a branch of the Hutterites that emerged in 1860.
History
Russian Empire
In 1859, Michael Waldner and Jakob Hofer (1830–1900) successfully reestablished a community of goods among some Hutterites in Hutterdorf, Ukraine, then part of the Russian Empire. This group was named Schmiedeleut. In 1860, another group of Hutterites did the same under the leadership of Darius Walter (1835–1903) also in Hutterdorf, Ukraine, but on the opposite side of the village. This group was called Dariusleut, after the first name of its leader.
America
The Dariusleut left their homes in Ukraine in June 1874 together with the Schmiedeleut. During the first winter, the Dariusleut lived on government grounds at Silver Lake, South Dakota. In 1875, they founded their first colony on American soil, Wolf Creek Hutterite Colony in South Dakota, the mother colony of the Dariusleut.
Shortly after World War I, two Hutterite conscientious objectors, Joseph and Michael Hofer, died in an American prison. This and growing anti-German sentiment caused the emigration of all six Dariusleut colonies to Alberta, Canada, in the following years.
In the 1930s, the Schmiedeleut started to form new colonies in Montana, thus returning to the United States. In 1950, there were 25 Schmiedeleut colonies in Alberta and four in Montana.
Japan
Owa Hutterite Colony, a Hutterite colony of ethnic Japanese that is affiliated with the Dariusleut, was founded in 1972.
References
Further reading
John A. Hostetler: Hutterite Society, Baltimore, MD, 1974.
Rod Janzen and Max Stanton: The Hutterites in North America, Baltimore, MD, 2010.
John Lehr and Yosef Kats: Inside the Ark: The Hutterites in Canada and the United States, Regina 2012.
External links
hutterites.org, the website of the Hutterian Brethren
Hutterites
German-Russian diaspora in Canada
Anabaptist denominations established in the 20th century
Anabaptist denominations in North America
European-Canadian culture in Alberta
Ethnoreligious groups in Canada
Protestantism in Ukraine
German-Russian culture in the United States
German-Russian culture in South Dakota
German-American culture in Montana
With God for Emperor and Empire (German: Mit Gott für Kaiser und Reich) is a 1916 German silent war drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Hermann Benke and Liane Haid. The celebrated operetta composer Karl Michael Ziehrer wrote a score to accompany the film at screenings.
It was one of a number of patriotic propaganda films made to support Austria's war effort during the First World War.
Cast
Hermann Benke as Marjor von Hess
Josephine Josephi as seine Mutter
Liane Haid as seine Tochter Liane
Hans Rhoden as Leutnant Falk
References
Bibliography
Robert Von Dassanowsky. Austrian Cinema: A History. McFarland, 2005.
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
1916 films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian war drama films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Films directed by Luise Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1910s war drama films
World War I films
1916 drama films
World War I propaganda films
Silent drama films
Silent war films
Mizo may refer to:
Mizo people, an ethnic group native to north-eastern India, western Myanmar (Burma) and eastern Bangladesh
Mizo language, a language spoken by the Mizo people
Mizoram, a state in Northeast India
Lusei people, an ethnic group belonging to the Mizo Tribe
Chin peoples, a name given in the old Burmese literature referring to Mizo people
Lushai Hills, a mountain range in Mizoram and Tripura, part of a Patkai range
Mizo Union the first political party in Mizoram, northeast India
Mizo National Front (MNF), a regional political party in Mizoram, India
Mizo Accord an accord signed between the Mizo National Front and the Government of India on June 30, 1986
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
Paracordylodontidae is an extinct family of conodonts in the clade Prioniodontida, also known as the "complex conodonts".
Genera
Genera are:
†Cooperignathus
†Fahraeusodus
†Oelandodus
†Paracordylodus
†Protoprioniodus
References
External links
Prioniodontida
Conodont families
Raphitoma ebreorum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 8 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea off Djerba, Tunisia
References
Giannuzzi-Savelli R., Pusateri F. & Bartolini S. (2018). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda: Conoidea) 5: loss of planktotrophy and pairs of species, with the description of four new species. Bollettino Malacologico. 54, supplement 11: 1-77. page(s): 35-36, figs 38-39B
External links
Biolib.cz: Raphitoma ebreorum
ebreorum
Gastropods described in 2018
Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani (, 10 July 1946 – 1 February 2018) was a Pakistani politician who was the Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh for Constituency PS-16 (Jacobabad-IV) from their election in June 2013 and the Provincial Minister of Sindh for Planning and Development since August 2016 until their death in February 2018.
Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani was the chief of 36 tribes.
Mir Hazar Khan Bijarani was the son of Sardar Noor Muhammad Khan Bijarani.
A member of Pakistan Peoples Party, Bijarani previously had been a Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from 1974 to 1977 and a member of the provincial Sindh cabinet, in various positions. They were elected to the Senate of Pakistan in 1988 and became a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan where they remained from 1990 to 1993 and again from 1997 to 2013. Between 1988 and 2013, they served in the federal cabinet, in various positions.
Early life and education
Born on 10 July 1946 in what is now Karampur, Kashmore District, Sindh, They received their high school education from the St. Patrick's High School, Karachi.
Bijarani earned a Bachelor of Arts from Government National College and a Master of Arts in Political Science. They were a lawyer and had a Bachelor of Laws from Sindh Muslim Law College.
Career
Bijarani began their political career during their student life as a supporter of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
After the death of their father Sardar Noor Muhamamd Bijarani who was Member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh, Bijarani was elected to the Sindh Assembly as a candidate of the PPP from Constituency PS-16 (Jacobabad) in a by-election held in early 1974 at the age of 28 and served as the provincial minister of Sindh for Sports during 1974. Reportedly Bijrani was interested in the joining the civil service then politicians however Zulfikar Ali Bhutto convinced them to remain in the politics.
Bijarani was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of the PPP from Constituency PS-16 (Jacobabad) in the general election of 1977. and became provincial Minister of Sindh. They remained Member of the Sindh Assembly until Zia-ul-Haq declared martial law in the country in July 1977., They actively participated in the Movement for the Restoration of Democracy and remained in jail for several months.
Bijarani was appointed by Benazir Bhutto as acting president of the PPP chapter in Sindh where they remained from 1986 to 1988. After quitting the PPP in 1988, they were elected to the Senate of Pakistan in the same year. In June 1988, they were inducted into the federal caretaker cabinet and was made Federal Minister for Health, Special Education, Social Welfare, Housing and Works where they served until December 1988.
In August 1990, Bijarani was inducted into the federal caretaker cabinet of caretaker Prime Minister Ghulam Mustafa Jatoi and was appointed Federal Minister for Science and Technology. In October 1990, they were given the additional portfolio of Religious Affairs. They remained at both positions until November 1990.
Bijarani was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan for the first time as an independent candidate from NA-157 (Jacobabad) in the general election of 1990, obtaining 81,610 votes and defeating a candidate of Pakistan Democratic Alliance. They were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and was made Federal Minister for Railways in November 1990 where they served until September 1991. From September 1991 to April 1993, they served as Federal Minister for Defence Production.
Bijarani ran for the seat of the National Assembly as an independent candidate from NA-157 (Jacobabad-II) in the general election of 1993 but was unsuccessful with only 29,684 votes, losing the seat to a candidate of the PPP.
Bijarani was re-elected to the National Assembly from NA-157 (Jacobabad-II) as a candidate of the Pakistan Peoples Party (Shaheed Bhutto) in the general election of 1997, received 41,325 votes and defeated a candidate of the PPP. They remained Federal Minister for Defence Production. They rejoined the PPP in 2001 and was re-elected to the National Assembly from NA-209 (Jacobabad) in the general election of 2002. with 52,613 votes and defeated a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q).
Bijarani was re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-209 (Jacobabad) as a candidate of the PPP in the general election of 2008. with 111,578 votes. In November 2008, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani and was made Federal Minister for Education. In December 2009, their ministerial portfolio was changed to Industries and Production. In a cabinet reshuffle in February 2011, they retained ministerial portfolio of Industries and Production where they served until May 2011, after which they remained a member of the federal cabinet without portfolio. In October 2011, they were made Federal Minister for Inter-Provincial Coordination. On 19 June 2012, after Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani was disqualified and ousted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan from holding the prime minister office, the federal cabinet was dissolved and Bijarani ceased to be a member of the cabinet.
On 22 June 2012, after Raja Pervaiz Ashraf was elected as next Prime Minister of Pakistan, Bijrani was inducted into the federal cabinet held their previous position as Federal Minister for Inter-Provincial Coordination. They continued to serve at this position until the federal cabinet stood dissolved in March 2013 upon the completion of National Assembly's 5 years term.
Bijarani was re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of the PPP from PS-16 (Jacobabad-cum-Kashmore) in the general election of 2013 with 25,150 votes. They emerged as a strong candidate for the office of chief minister of Sindh, however PPP choose to elect Syed Qaim Ali Shah as the chief minister. On 31 May 2013 was inducted into the Sindh's provincial cabinet of Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah and was made provincial minister of Sindh for works and services. In a cabinet reshuffle in July 2015, their ministerial portfolio was changed to Education, but they refused to take charge of the ministry and resigned from the provincial Sindh cabinet in January 2016. On 30 July 2016, Syed Murad Ali Shah succeeded Syed Qaim Ali Shah as the next Chief Minister of Sindh. In August 2016, they were reinducted into the Sindh's provincial cabinet of Chief Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah and was appointed Provincial Minister of Sindh for Planning and Development. They were said to a powerful member of the Sindh's provincial cabinet.
Bijrani authored two books "Point of View" and "An advocate of democracy".
Death
Bijarani was found dead in their home in Karachi on 1 February 2018 along with their second wife Fariha Razzaq Haroon. Bijarani family and the PPP have confirmed that the couple had suffered gunshot wounds. Police suggested that Bijarani killed Fariha before committing suicide. During the investigation, domestic servants of the Bijrani revealed that there had been a scuffle ongoing between the couple over the past few days.
Personal life
In 2008, Bijarani married their second wife Fariha Razzaq Haroon, with whom they had no children.
References
External links
1946 births
2018 deaths
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 1990–1993
Pakistani MNAs 1997–1999
Deaths by firearm in Sindh
Murder–suicides in Pakistan
Sindh MPAs 2013–2018
St. Patrick's High School, Karachi alumni
Suicides by firearm in Pakistan
Sindh Muslim Law College alumni
People from Sindh
The Usambara weaver (Ploceus nicolli) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is endemic to Tanzania.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and plantations .
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
Usambara weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Usambara weaver
Endemic birds of Tanzania
Usambara weaver
Usambara weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Rescue (stylized as RescuE) is a 2017 album by younha.
Production
The album was produced by groovyroom.
Track listing
Charts
The album peaked at number 6 on the Gaon Albums Chart in 2017.
Reception
Billboard ranked the album eighth in its list of the top 25 greatest K-pop albums of the 2010s.
References
Kakao M albums
Younha albums
2017 albums
Ward No. 9, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 1, covering parts of Shobhabazar and Kumortuli neighbourhoods in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 9 is bordered on the north by Kumartuli Street, Durga Charan Banerjee Street, Raja Nabakrishna Street and Shyambazar Street; on the east by Sobhabazr Street and Sri Aurobindo Sarani; on the south by Jyotindra Mohan Avenue, Rabindra Sarani and Gopeswar Paul Avenue; and on the west by the Hooghly River.
The ward is served by Shaympukur police station of Kolkata Police.
Amherst Street Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the North and North Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Amherst Street, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Cossipore, Chitpur, Sinthi, Burtolla and Tala.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 9, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 16,420, of which 8,573 (52%) were males and 7,847 (48%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,033. The total number of literates in Ward No. 9 was 14,094 (91.60% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Shyampukur (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
All India Trinamool Youth Congress Secretary: Arpita Duttashaw (2019-Present)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Nagari may refer to:
Writing systems
Nāgarī script, a script used in India during the first millennium
Devanagari, a script used since the late first millennium and currently in widespread use for the languages of northern India
Nandinagari, a script used in southern India from the late first millennium until the 19th century
Sylheti Nagari, a script used in the Sylhet area of Bangladesh and nearby parts of India
Places
Nagari, Andhra Pradesh, a town in India
Nagari (Assembly constituency)
Nagari, Rajasthan, a village in India
Other uses
Nagari (surname)
Nagari (settlement), an administrative unit in parts of Sumatra, Indonesia
Bolwell Nagari, a sports car produced in Australia by Bolwell
Nagari, a clan of the Gujjar / Gurjar ethnic group
See also
Nagar (disambiguation)
Nagri (disambiguation)
Nigari, Japanese term for the magnesium chloride used in tofu-making
Imma marileutis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from Queensland and South Australia.
The wingspan is 24–25 mm. The forewings are rather dark fuscous, slightly purplish tinged and with a small cloudy dark fuscous discal spot at three-fifths. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Australia
Márcia Alves Lopes (born 6 December 2001) is a Cabo Verdean rhythmic gymnast who represented Cape Verde at the 2020 Summer Olympics. They were the first Cape Verdean athlete to qualify for the 2020 Olympic Games.
Personal life
Márcia Alves Lopes was born on 6 December 2001 in São Vicente, Cape Verde, and they began rhythmic gymnastics when they were five years old. They speak English, French, and Portuguese.
Career
Lopes made their senior international debut at the 2017 World Championships in Pesaro, Italy. They finished 90th in the all-around during the qualification round with a total score of 30.200. They competed at the 2018 African Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Cairo, Egypt, where they finished 12th in the all-around with a total score of 28.600. They also finished sixth in the hoop final and eighth in both the ball and the clubs finals.
Lopes competed at the 2019 World Championships where they finished 110th in the all-around during the qualification round. At the 2020 African Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, they finished eleventh in the all-around with a total score of 35.150. They also placed sixth in the ball final, eighth in the clubs final, and seventh in the ribbon final.
On 28 May 2021, Lopes received the tripartite invitation for the 2020 Olympic Games. They were the first Cape Verdean athlete to qualify for a 2020 Olympic spot. This was the fourth time that a Cape Verdean rhythmic gymnast competes in the Olympics after Wania Monteiro competed in 2004 and 2008, and Elyane Boal competed in 2016. They finished twenty-sixth in the qualification for the individual all-around.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Cape Verdean rhythmic gymnasts
People from São Vicente, Cape Verde
Olympic gymnasts of Cape Verde
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Unique Torralba Salonga, known mononymously as Unique or stylized as UNIQUE, (born April 26, 2000) is a Filipino singer-songwriter and musician. They began their career as a vocalist and original frontman of IV of Spades and later pursued a solo career.
Career
Band frontman
2014–2018: IV of Spades
In June 2014, Allan Silonga decided to form a band for their son Blaster, who would become the band's lead guitarist. The Silongas were able to recruit drummer Badjao de Castro and bassist Zild Benitez, who are the sons of Allan's friends. Unique Salonga, who was already writing their own music, was later recruited to become the band's lead singer.
IV of Spades signed to a record label and released their first single "Ilaw sa Daan" under Warner Music Philippines.
The group's second single, "Hey Barbara" was released on July 9, 2017, and followed up by their third single "Where Have You Been My Disco?", released on December 9, 2017, via YouTube.
In 2018, the band released their fourth single called "Mundo". It became the group's highest viewed single on YouTube. The band's videos have over 100 million views on YouTube.
IV of Spades won the New Artist of the Year and the MYX Bandarito Performance of the Year and Nominated as Group of the Year at the annual Myx Music Awards. The band also won the Dreams Come True with Air Asia, the airline's search for the most promising acts in the region. The band performed with David Foster as part of their prize. They also won the Favorite New Group award at the 30th annual Awit Awards.
On May 4, 2018, Unique Salonga left IV of Spades in order to pursue a solo career.
Solo career
2018–present
In 2018, Salonga released their debut single, Midnight Sky, under the label of O/C Records of VIVA. In the same year, Salonga released their debut album, Grandma, and their first solo concert was held on September 29, 2018.
They released their second album, PANGALAN: in 2020.
Discography
Albums
Singles
as Solo Artist
with IV of Spades
Accolades
References
External links
Filipino rock musicians
21st-century Filipino male singers
Filipino songwriters
Living people
ABS-CBN personalities
Viva Artists Agency
Viva Records (Philippines) artists
2000 births
Singers from Manila
The Journal of Ecology is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of the ecology of plants. It was established in 1913 and is published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Ecological Society.
The journal publishes papers on plant ecology (including algae) in both terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems. In addition to population and community ecology, articles on biogeochemistry, ecosystems, microbial ecology, physiological plant ecology, climate change, molecular genetics, mycorrhizal ecology, and the interactions between plants and organisms such as animals or bacteria, are published regularly. Besides primary research articles, it publishes "Essay Reviews" and "Forum" articles. In 2008, the first papers in a new series called "Future Directions" were published. These short papers are intended to stimulate debate as to where a field within plant ecology is going, or needs to go.
In addition, the journal contains a long-running series on the "Biological Flora of the British Isles". Over 300 accounts (each of a different species) have been published so far, all of which, from 1998 onwards, can be accessed free of charge via the journal's website. The site also has a list of the species covered.
In celebration of the journal's 100th anniversary, a Centenary Symposium was held during the British Ecological Society's Annual Meeting in Sheffield (United Kingdom) in September 2011. A group of researchers is invited to talk on topics in which the journal has published major contributions over the last century and in which significant progress is currently being made. The contributors to the Centenary Symposium produced written versions of their papers for publication in the journal's Centenary Special Issue.
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 5.172.
References
External links
Journal page on British Ecological Society website
Publications established in 1913
Ecology journals
Wiley-Blackwell academic journals
British Ecological Society academic journals
Bimonthly journals
English-language journals
1913 establishments in the United Kingdom
Carlos Macías may refer to:
Carlos Macias Arellano (born 1931), Mexican politician
Carlos Fuentes Macías (1928–2012), Mexican writer
Carlos Jiménez Macías (born 1950), Mexican politician
Carlos Manuel Urzúa Macías (born 1955), Mexican economist
Carlos Tello Macías (born 1938), Mexican economist
See also
Macías
A bite is a wound received from the mouth of an animal or human; it is also a verb describing that action.
Bite or BITE may also refer to:
Related to biting
Biting, the process of chewing or mastication, whereby food is crushed and ground by teeth
Occlusion (dentistry), called "bite" (e.g., as in "overbite" or "underbite"), the contact between teeth
Arts, entertainment, and media
Music
Bite (album), a 1983 album by Altered Images
Bites (album), a 1985 album by Skinny Puppy
Bite, a 1990 album by Ned's Atomic Dustbin
Stage productions
Bite (show), a topless vampire show at the Stratosphere Las Vegas in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
BITE, an acronym for Barbican International Theatre Events at the Barbican Centre, London
Other arts, entertainment, and media
Bite (film), a 2015 horror film
BiteTV, a Canadian television channel
The Beast in the East, a professional wrestling event produced by WWE
Science and technology
BiTE, an acronym for bi-specific T-cell engagers, a class of specific modified antibodies
BITE Model (Behavior, Information, Thought, and Emotional control), a model to describe control methods used by cults
Built-in test equipment, or BITE, a concept in aviation
Other uses
The Bite, or the Adelaide Bite, a baseball team now known as the Adelaide Giants
Bitė Group, a Lithuanian telecommunication company
See also
Bight (disambiguation)
Bit (disambiguation)
Bitten (disambiguation)
Byte (disambiguation)
Edmund Walpole Brooke (18 September 1865 – 1938) was an Australian painter. Born in Melbourne, Brooke moved to Japan in their youth, where their father, John Henry Brooke, was a reporter and director of the Japan Daily Herald. They married a Japanese woman and they had a daughter.
They exhibited at the Royal Academy, London and the Paris Salon in 1890 and 1891. In 1890, they were a friend of Vincent van Gogh, and joined van Gogh on their plein air painting trips. Research on E. W. Brooke and their connection with van Gogh is being carried out by Tsukasa Kodera, a professor of art history at Osaka University.
References
1865 births
1938 deaths
19th-century Australian painters
20th-century Australian painters
Lynne Susan Cullens (born 1964) is a British Anglican bishop serving as the Bishop of Barking, a suffragan bishop in the Diocese of Chelmsford.
Cullens served as rector of Stockport and Brinnington in the Church of England's Diocese of Chester from 2019 until their consecration. They were consecrated a bishop by Justin Welby, Archbishop of Canterbury, on 25 January 2022 at St Paul's Cathedral.
References
1964 births
Living people
21st-century English Anglican priests
Bishops of Barking
Jacksen Ferreira Tiago (born 28 May 1968) commonly known as Jacksen F. Tiago or JFT, is a Brazilian retired footballer, One of the most influential in Indonesian football history, they have a tremendous record for both as a player and as a manager. As a long-time resident of Indonesia, they are fluent in Indonesian and Javanese.
Playing career
In their first season in Indonesia League, they played for Petrokimia Putra which ended up as league runners-up Indonesia's first. Tiago then moved to PSM Makassar before finding success with Persebaya Surabaya. They were the best player in the Liga Indonesia on the season 1996/1997 when they helped Persebaya to championship.
After two seasons in Persebaya, they then moved to Singapore to play for Geylang United, but only lasted one season before returning to Persebaya. In 2001, they moved to Petrokimia and at the end of the season retired as a player.
Tiago brought Persebaya, which relegated the previous season, promotion to the First Division in 2003 and winner of the season 2004.
Management career
In 2008, they signed managerial contract with Persipura Jayapura. During the train at Persipura Jayapura they have given three titles Indonesia Super League in the 2008-09, 2010-11, and 2013 seasons.
In March 2013, the Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) requested Jacksen to become assistant coach of the Indonesia national team in the face of Saudi Arabia at the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification round. After that in April they were officially appointed by the PSSI as head coach of the Indonesia national team.
In November 2014, they signed with Penang FA, and brought Penang FA promotion to the Malaysia Super League.
In 2017 seasons of Liga 1 Indonesia, they signed a long-term contract with PS Barito Putera.
Honours and awards
Player
Bonsucesso
Rio State Championship Second Level: 1984
Confiança
Campeonato Sergipano: 1990
Persebaya Surabaya
Liga Indonesia Premier Division: 1996–97
Individual
Liga Indonesia Premier Division top scorers: 1996–97
Manager
Persebaya Surabaya
Liga Indonesia Premier Division: 2004
Liga Indonesia First Division: 2003
Persipura Jayapura
Indonesia Super League: 2008–09, 2010–11, 2013
Indonesian Community Shield :2009
Indonesian Inter Island Cup: 2011
Persis Solo
Liga 2 : 2021–22
Individual
Indonesia Super League Fair Play Award: 2008–09
Indonesia Super League Coach of the Year: 2013
Mario Jorge Lobo Zagallo Trophy: 2011
Controversies
On 15 April 2014, after press conference match between Persipura Jayapura vs Persebaya Surabaya, Jacksen got into a fight with Greg Nwokolo, because they have personal problems since their tenure as Indonesia national football team coach, the situation eased after the police restrained both of them.
References
1968 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian football managers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Singapore
Expatriate football managers in Indonesia
Expatriate football managers in Malaysia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Singapore
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Indonesia Super League managers
Persebaya Surabaya managers
Persipura Jayapura managers
Persita Tangerang managers
Persitara Jakarta Utara managers
Persiter Ternate managers
Mitra Kukar managers
Indonesia national football team managers
Geylang International FC players
Home United FC players
Singapore Premier League players
Association football forwards
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in China
The Provincial League (1936–1937) was a league competition for speedway teams in the United Kingdom. The Provincial League was created as a second tier to the National League in 1936 but was renamed National League Division Two in 1938. The 'Provincial League' name was re-used for a breakaway league from the National League in 1960.
Champions
See also
List of United Kingdom Speedway League Champions
References
Speedway leagues
Speedway competitions in the United Kingdom
1936 in British motorsport
1937 in British motorsport
Prov
Prov
Sport leagues established in 1936
Sport leagues disestablished in 1937
Captain William Charles Butler (17 January 1844 – 6 December 1914) played football for England against a Scottish XI in two unofficial internationals in 1870 and 1871. They subsequently became a J.P. and Registrar in Cumberland.
Family
Butler was the son of Captain Charles George Butler R.N. (1793–1867) and Emily Bayford. Their paternal grandfather was Sir Richard Butler, 7th Baronet of Cloughgrenan, descending from James Butler, 9th Earl of Ormond and 2nd Earl of Ossory, through their second son, Sir Edmund Butler of Cloughgrenan (1534–c.1585). This Cloughgrenan line survives to the present day through James Richard Henry Ormonde Brooke (b. 1972), William's great-great-grandson. James Richard is the son of Penelope Eve Butler (b. 1942) and Irish Guards Lt.-Col. Thomas Christopher Peter Brooke (1938–2020), 1st cousin once removed of Bernard Jocelyn Brooke, author and naturalist.
In July 1877, William Charles Butler married Emily Chadwick; they had six children – three daughters and three sons. The sons were:
Henry Beauchamp Butler (1878–1952) who was educated at Charterhouse School and became a solicitor. They later joined the Colonial Service in Nigeria and took part in the Egba Expedition in 1918.
Lt.-Col.Charles Walter Butler OBE (1880–1941) who was also educated at Charterhouse. They became a soldier in the Suffolk Regiment, fighting in the Boer War between 1899 and 1900, in the First World War, where they were mentioned in despatches twice, and in the Afghan War in 1919. They gained the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel in the service of the Indian Army and was invested with the O.B.E. in 1920.
William Bayford Butler (1888–1937) who, like their brothers, was educated at Charterhouse and also fought in the First World War with the 3rd Battalion, Border Regiment. They reached the rank of Captain and was decorated with the Military Cross.
Football career
Butler was a member of the Barnes and Civil Service football clubs. In March 1870, they were invited by the Wanderers' captain, C.W. Alcock to take part in a match between "England" and "Scotland". This was the first of five "pseudo-internationals" which took place before the first officially recognized international in November 1872. They were the only member of the England XI who was not a member of the Wanderers club.
Their second appearance for England came in February 1871; the match report included an early reference to the Combination Game style of football: It seemed as if the [Scottish] defence would prove more than equal to the attack, until a well-executed run-down by C.W. Alcock, W.C. Butler and R.S.F. Walker, acting in concert, enabled the last-named of the trio to equalise the score by the accomplishment of a well-merited goal for England.
Later career
Butler was enlisted in the Third Battalion, The Border Regiment where in 1884 they reached the rank of Captain.
They were later a Justice of the peace (J.P.) for Cumberland and held the office of Registrar of the Probate Division of the High Court of Justice.
References
1844 births
1914 deaths
English footballers
England v Scotland representative footballers (1870–1872)
Border Regiment officers
Barnes Club footballers
Civil Service F.C. players
Association footballers not categorized by position
Gojo, an Indian comic book character, is one of the earliest among numerous titles published by Raj Comics.
Origin
In the Dvapara Yuga, demons ruled over the world with terror and chaos. Their leader, Khunkhara was a cruel and powerful demon who sought to displace gods as the deities of the Earth. They killed countless humans and gods alike by destroying cities and empires, with numerous brutal acts, thereby establishing themselves as the most terrifying and feared being on earth.
The Hrishi-Munies were also victimised, as their Yagyas were always interrupted by the demons. Hrishi Taptamukhi, a highly respected Muni, determined to remove the demons from the face of the earth, started a yagya to request the Gods to send them the one who will cleanse earth from the dirt of evil. Out of this yagya, appeared 7 mystical beings and at last, Gojo. They ordered the 7 mystical beings who appeared before them to enter their body. From there, they embarked on their journey to fight and destroy evil, and restore peace.
On their journey, Gojo fought the spider-like Mankat Demons, who were attacking a nearby city defeating them with ease. Their leader, Mankot forfeited to the might of Gojo. Mankot, who felt a change of heart after this fight, offered to become their ride forever, and to help them in their quest of fighting evil. Gojo, along with their new friend then faced the leader of the demons, Khunkhara. After a long and hefty battle, Gojo finally succeeded in killing Khunkhara.
Although the demon Chief was killed, Gojo's objective was not completed, to eliminate evil for once and for all. Thus they resumed their journey of fighting evil, along with the 7 Mystical beings and their trusted friend/ride Mankot. Since then, they have risked their lives and challenged evil numerous times to meet the goal for which they were born.
Plot summary
Attributes
Powers and abilities
Gojo's body is the host for 7 mystical beings who were created from the same yagya out of which Gojo was formed. In battle, they can summon any of them and use there respected powers and abilities. The 7 Beings and their powers/abilities are:
Bijlika: As their name suggests, they can manipulate, absorb, and generate electricity for various purposes and effects in battle.  They are the only female among the seven.
Teesri Aankh: A being with an additional eye on their forehead, similar to the Hindu god Shiva. Their "third eye" is known to wreak havoc on evil when opened.
Sanharak: Sanharak's body is fully composed of a stone-like substance, which grants them super-human strength and durability.
Shaakaal:  They are a humanoid with eagle-like physiology. Their primary power is flight facilitated by a pair of wings on their back. They also have enhanced vision, razor-sharp claws and beak, and can control eagles.
Gurughantaal: A being with spiked body, Gurughantaal can create (or summon) any object, including weapons of their choice out of nowhere.
Billoura: Billoura has cat-like physiology, which grants them super-human agility, reflexes, speed, balance, and coordination, enhanced senses, razor-sharp claws, and fangs. They also have limited shapeshifting, and can transform from a feline humanoid to an ordinary cat.
Judoka: They have no super-human powers, but they are master of all of the fighting styles and arts ever existed.
Family, Friends, and Allies
Mankot: The human-spider ride of Gojo.
Enemies
JSP
Titles
Raj Comics has published the following titles as Gojo's issues:
Discussion forum
Raj Comics hosts a discussion forum, with a section specially devoted to Gojo.
Forum by Raj Comics
Indian comics
Raj Comics superheroes
Indian superheroes
Indian mythology in popular culture
Hindu mythology in popular culture
Beaches—East York is a provincial riding in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It elects one member to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario. It was created in 1996 from parts of Beaches—Woodbine (95%), Don Mills (40%), and York East (20%).
When the riding was created, it included the former borough of East York east of Coxwell Avenue and that part of Old Toronto east of a line following Coxwell to Gerrard Street to Greenwood Avenue to Queen Street to Leslie Street. In 2007, the boundaries were altered so that everything west of Coxwell Avenue was transferred to Toronto—Danforth.
Boundaries
In 1996, much of the province's old boundaries were redrawn due to the Fewer Politicians Act which reduced the number of seats in the legislature from 130 to 103 to match the number of federal seats.
The boundary of the new riding of Beaches-East York, beginning at the southwest corner starts where the southern extension of Leslie Street intersects with Lake Ontario, proceeds north along Leslie Street, then east along Queen Street East, north along Greenwood Avenue, east along Gerrard Street East, and north along Coxwell Avenue until it turns into Coxwell Blvd. at O'Connor Drive. It continues a short distance along this street where the boundary extends until it meets Taylor-Massey Creek. It follows the creek west (downstream) until it meets the Don River East Branch. The boundary follows the river northeast (upstream) until it meets the point where a westerly extension of Sunrise Avenue intersects with the river course. The boundary continues east along Sunrise Avenue until it meets Victoria Park Avenue. The boundary turns south and follows the street south until it ends at Lake Ontario. The boundary follows the lake coast back west until it meets the beginning point.
In 2003, the western boundary was altered so that the portion west of Coxwell Avenue was transferred to the neighbouring riding of Toronto—Danforth.
Members of Provincial Parliament
Election results
2007 electoral reform referendum
This riding was one of five ridings where a majority of voters supported MMP.
References
External links
Provincial electoral districts of Toronto
Coreen Simpson (born February 18, 1942) is a noted African-American photographer and jewelry designer, whose work has an African-American theme.
Early life and education
Simpson was born in Brooklyn and was raised along with their brother by a foster family in Brooklyn. They completed Samuel J. Tilden High School in Brooklyn. They took courses at the Fashion Institute of Technology and Parsons School of Design, and studied with Frank Stewart, Studio Museum in Harlem in 1977.
Career
Simpson's career launched when they became editor for Unique New York magazine in 1980, and they began photographing to illustrate their articles. They then became a freelance fashion photographer for the Village Voice and the Amsterdam News in the early 1980s, and covered many African-American cultural and political events in the mid-1980s.  They are also noted for their studies of Harlem nightlife. They constructed a portable studio and brought it to clubs in downtown Manhattan, barbershops in Harlem, and braiding salons in Queens. Them work's ability to present a wide variety of subjects with "depth of character and dignity" has been compared to that of Diane Arbus and Weegee.
The Black Cameo
In addition to their photography, Simpson also designed jewelry. Them most notable jewelry collection is known as The Black Cameo (1990). The collection reintroduces the ancient tradition of cameos, but features portraits of black women. The portraits show the great variety of features of black women. Simpson's goal was that all black women would be able to identify with the portraits within their cameo jewelry. Customers of the Black Cameo collection included Ruby Dee and Oprah Winfrey.
Simpson and Avon Products entered a joint venture in 1993 and created the Coreen Simpson Regal Beauty Collection, a budget line of designs which included a moderately-priced African American cameo.
Simpson resides in New York City.
Collections
Simpson's works have been collected by the Museum of Modern Art, the Bronx Museum of the Arts, the Musee de la Photographie in Belgium, the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, the International Center for Photography, the Harlem State Office, and the James Van Der Zee Institute.
Selected exhibitions
1979: Corner Gallery, Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY
1998: Bronx Museum of the Arts, Bronx, NY
1998: International Center of Photography, New York, NY
1998: Musée de la Photographie, Brussels, Belgium
1999: Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture, New York, NY
2000: Anacostia Community Museum, Washington, DC
2001: Bronx Museum of the Arts, Bronx, NY
2001: Brooklyn Museum, Brooklyn, NY
Awards
1987: Light Work Residency
Nueva Luz, Volume 1#2
1994: The Mary McLeod Bethune Award from the National Council of Negro Women
2000: The Madame C.J. Walker Award
2006: The National Council of Negro Women "Legend's Award"
Bibliography
Jeanne Moutoussamy-Ashe, Black Women Photographers, Writers & Readers, 1993
Coreen Simpson, Black Women in America, MacMillan, 1999
References
External links
1942 births
Living people
African-American photographers
American jewelry designers
American photographers
American women photographers
Fashion Institute of Technology alumni
Parsons School of Design alumni
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Women jewellers
Boadicea is a 1927 British historical film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Phyllis Neilson-Terry, Lillian Hall-Davis, and Clifford McLaglen. It depicts the life of the Celtic Queen Boudica (Boadicea) and their rebellion against the Roman Empire.
Cast
Phyllis Neilson-Terry as Queen Boadicea
Lillian Hall-Davis as Emmelyn
Clifford McLaglen as Marcus
Sybil Rhoda as Blondicca
Fred Raynham as Badwallon
Clifford Heatherley as Catus Decianus
Humberston Wright as Prasutagus
Edward O'Neill as Caradoc
Cyril McLaglen as Madoc
Roy Raymond as Burrus
Wally Patch as Officer in Roman Army
References
Bibliography
Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918-1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971.
External links
1927 films
1920s biographical films
1920s historical films
Biographical films about royalty
British biographical films
British silent feature films
Fiction set in Roman Britain
Films set in the 1st century
Films directed by Sinclair Hill
Films set in the Roman Empire
British historical films
Cultural depictions of Boudica
British black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Gerald D. "Red" Armstrong (1903 – May 7, 1978) was an American football and basketball player and coach. They served as the head football coach at Denison University in Granville, Ohio from 1942 to 1944, compiling a record of 12–3–2. Denison did not field a football team in 1943. Armstrong was also the head basketball coach at Denison during the 1943–44 season, tallying a mark of 18–2. In 1944, they resigned from coaching to enter into private business in Newark, Ohio. They died at Licking Memorial Hospital, in Newark, on May 7, 1978.
Head coaching record
College football
References
External links
1903 births
1978 deaths
American men's basketball players
Denison Big Red football coaches
Denison Big Red men's basketball coaches
Wittenberg Tigers football players
Wittenberg Tigers men's basketball players
High school football coaches in Ohio
The Baker House is a historic house at 191 Hornbine Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. This two-family house was built c. 1875–90, and is a rare period duplex in the town. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description and history
The Baker House stands in a rural area of southern Rehoboth, on the east side of Hornbine Street north of its junction with Spring Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a side-gable roof and clapboarded exterior. It is extended to the sides by flanking single story ells. The main facade is three bays wide, with polygonal bays flanking a single center entrance. The bays each have a pair of windows facing front, and single windows on the angled sides, with wooden panels below. The center entrance is sheltered by a hood with heavy Italianate brackets, the exterior's only significant stylistic adornment. A simpler entrance is found in the rightmost bay of the northern (left) ell, whose porch has also been enclosed. Small ells were also added to the rear in the 1930s.
The house was built sometime between about 1875 and 1890, based on its style. It is said to have been built for the twin Baker brothers, John and Jim, descended from early settlers of the area. Duplexes are rare in the town, and this one is the only one known from the late 19th century.
See also
House at 197 Hornbine Road, just to the south
Capt. Mial Pierce Farm, 177 Hornbine Street, a short way to the north
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
Four Towns Methodist Church is an historic church located in the unincorporated town of Four Towns, Michigan in Waterford Township, Michigan in Oakland County, Michigan.
The town received its name because it is near the point where the townships of West Bloomfield, Commerce, Waterford, and White Lake meet.
In 1866, a frame schoolhouse was built on land donated by Nathan R. Colvin at 6451 Cooley Lake Road in Waterford Township, Michigan. From that year until 1930 the building served as both a school and church. Since then the building has been used primarily for church activities.
Church services were offered once every two weeks when Four Towns had few residents. Sunday school was held weekly during the Summer months.
Today, the church is officially named Four Towns United Methodist Church.
References
Michigan State Historic Sites
Geography of Oakland County, Michigan
Diipetes are objects, likely meteorite fragments, with coincidental human and animal forms, venerated in Ancient Greece as "thrown by the Gods". See also Acheiropoetos (literally ‘not-made-by-hand'), an early Judeo-Christian tradition, and Icon.
Examples:
Diipetes Xoano of Athena
The Diipetes Journal is a quarterly journal in Greek published in Greece covering classical paganism and Hellenic polytheism since 1991.
Expand article with
http://www.ancient-greece.org/architecture/old-temple.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20051204164317/http://www.sussex.ac.uk/Units/arthist/sharp/issues/0001/Papers_htm/ChrisTownsend.shtml
https://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://es.geocities.com/sucellus23/702.htm&date=2009-10-25+03:26:14
Religious objects
Ancient Greek religion
Quark Expeditions is an expedition travel company. The company offers Polar Region expeditions aboard purpose-built expedition ships and icebreakers.
History
Quark Expeditions was founded in 1991 by Lars Wikander and Mike McDowell; specializing in expeditions to the Arctic and Antarctic aboard purpose-built expedition vessels. In 1998, Lars Wikander became the majority owner of the company. Three years later, Lars became chairperson of the board, when Patrick Shaw joined the company as president and CEO.
In May 2007, the company became part of the UK-based TUI Travel PLC Group of Companies; subsequently in 2016, it became part of Travelopia, a division comprising some brands from the former TUI Specialist Group.
In 2012, the company advertised that it was offering the first "carbon-neutral" polar expeditions with the Ocean Diamond. The former RoRo ship uses Bunker C heavy-duty oil and one voyage produces an estimated 5,682 tons of CO2. The tour operator signed a contract with the centifier "The CarbonNeutral® Company", which uses Quark money to reforest forests in Turkey, Kenya, India and China, which will later be offset mathematically as CO2 sinks.
In 2016, the company mounted an expedition involving internet personalities and YouTube creators including Ben Brown, Tim Kellner and Tom Scott led by retired Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield on an Arctic expedition.
The company's summer 2019 program in the Arctic included sailings to Greenland, Canada's High Arctic, the Northwest Passage and the North Pole.
Polar Fleet & Land Expeditions
In 1991, Quark Expeditions was the first consumer led expedition to the North Pole. The company has the largest and most diverse fleet of passenger vessels in the Antarctic. Quark travel offers both cruise and land-based expeditions. Expeditions are held on the following ships:
Icebreakers
Ice-strengthened expedition vessels
Ultramarine
Ocean Adventurer
World Explorer
Sustainability & Charitable Initiatives
Quark Expeditions is a long-time, active member of IAATO and AECO, and promotes various sustainability initiatives. In 2012, Ocean Diamond made a carbon-neutral voyage to Antarctica.
Recognitions
Quark has received several industry awards, including some from Travel Weekly and National Geographic.
References
Travel and holiday companies of the United States
Expedition cruising
Cruise lines
Vasili Afanasievitsch Ippolitov (Russian Василий Афанасьевич Ипполитов, born 1892, died 1957) was a Russian/Soviet speed skater from Moscow.
They were European Champion in 1913, Russian champion in 1911 and Soviet champion in 1923.
In 1913 and 1914 Ippolitov and Oscar Mathisen were the two main rivals in speed skating. Ippolitov had trained hard in Trondheim prior to the 1913 season, and their goal was to beat Mathisen. Mathisen won most of their races, but Ippolitov often beat them over 10,000 metres. At the European Championships in St.Petersburg in 1913, Ippolitov beat Mathisen and won the Championship.
Ippolitov was also a good cyclist, and was Soviet cycling champion in 1923. Their brother, Platon was also an international speed skater.
Personal records
500 m - 45.4
1500 m - 2:22.2
5000 m - 8:41.6
10 000 m - 17:35.5
External links
About Vasili Ippolitov at SkateResults.com
References
Platon Ippolitov: Russiske idrettsstjerner, 1945 (Translated by Jørgen Juve)
Oscar Mathisen: Mitt livs løp, 1946
1892 births
1957 deaths
Male speed skaters from the Russian Empire
World Allround Speed Skating Championships medalists
Soviet male speed skaters
The cinnamon-crested spadebill (Platyrinchus saturatus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae.
It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
cinnamon-crested spadebill
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
cinnamon-crested spadebill
cinnamon-crested spadebill
cinnamon-crested spadebill
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The golden-backed weaver (Ploceus jacksoni), also known as Jackson's weaver, is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Burundi, Kenya, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
References
External links
Golden-backed weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Videos, photos, and sounds - Internet Bird Collection
golden-backed weaver
Birds of East Africa
golden-backed weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Highland Park Community High School (often known as Highland Park High School) was a public high school in Highland Park, Michigan. About 775 students attended Highland Park in about 2012. Its mascot is the polar bears, and its school colors are blue and white. It was a part of Highland Park Schools, but had been operated as a charter school by Leona Group as the Highland Park Renaissance High School from August 2012, until the end of the 2014–2015 school year, when it was scheduled to close. It was later bulldozed and is now a vacant lot.
History
The final Highland Park High School was built in 1977 to better accommodate students than the old facility had. In the 1970s Highland Park lost over 20% of its population. The previous high school building was closed in 1978 so the students could attend classes at the new building.
The high school had direct access to Highland Park Junior College (later Highland Park Community College), attracting students; Jack Martin, who later became the Detroit Public Schools emergency manager, said that the community college "was harder to get into than Wayne State." During its prime, it had graduating classes of 300 students each. Students continued to enroll despite the move of Chrysler to the suburbs. Many African-American families sent their children to the school so they could get an education comparable to that of schools in suburbs without having to move to the suburbs. The school had a pool used to train swimmers for Michigan state championships.
The school began to decline in the 1990s. The student population decreased and academic programs and after school activities decreased. The community college closed in 1996. The school pool closed during that decade. In 2000 the school district began operating on a deficit. In a five-year period before 2012, enrollment plummeted, with 450 students in 2012.
When Martin visited the school they encountered many empty and unused classrooms and various kinds of damage and wear, including water damage, exposed concrete beams, missing and falling ceiling panels, and exposed wiring. Doors had knocked out glass panels and missing doorknobs. Some lockers had fire damage because students had set the lockers on fire. The school budget did not have sufficient finances to fix all of the damage.
As of 2012 the district continued to maintain the former Highland Park High School and considered opening it to students for the 2012-2013 school year. At the time it had almost 400 students.
In 2014 the high school moved to the Ford School campus. By 2015 enrollment had fallen to 160 students, and in May 2015 it was announced that the high school would close in June, with the district negotiating an agreement that could allow students to attend the Detroit Public Schools. In addition to DPS schools, students are eligible to attend charter schools, Education Achievement Authority schools, and suburban schools which accept transfers. In June 2015 representatives of schools from DPS schools and other Metro Detroit schools attended a high school fair to convince Highland Park students to attend their schools. Highland Park High School was scheduled to close on at the end of June 2015. In fall 2015 160 students who formerly attended Highland Park High were enrolled in other area schools; 72 were in DPS schools, including Detroit Collegiate Preparatory High School at Northwestern, which became the zoned high school for Highland Park. Other students moved on to the Education Achievement Authority (EAA) Central Collegiate Academy.
Bert Johnson, a member of the Michigan Senate; and LaTanya Garrett, a member of the Michigan House of Representatives, said that they were trying to reopen the high school.
Demographics
In 2012 the school had 450 students; many of them lived in Detroit. Aaron Foley of MLive.com said "For many, however, Highland Park Community High School still remains a better alternative to unproven charter schools, outlying suburban schools and the state-controlled Detroit Public Schools."
Academics
Highland Park Community High School was recognized by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and was slowly improving its academic perception in the Metro Detroit area.
In 2011 the school had a 67% four-year graduation rate; the statewide rate is 76%. In 2011 the mean ACT score for the school was 14.9. The statewide mean ACT score was 19.3.
Athletics
Highland Park in the eighties and early nineties had powerful swim teams that were all African American male and female swimmers, Coach by Marion Hayes and Coach John Hodge. The swim team won three SEC championships. The swim program shut down after 1993. Notable SEC champions for Highland Park: John Mayes (1986), John Smith (1987), Eric Smith (1987) William Thomas (1989), Bruce Pearson(1989) (diving).
Highland Park was a Class B athletic school and was independent of a conference since 2009. In recent years, Highland Park had athletic success, including two state semi-final finishes in Football in 2005 and 2006, a district championship in girls softball in 2006. The baseball team had a remarkable season in 2008 as it went 20-7 and were Michigan Mega Conference Champions. The school also has 2 state championships in Boys basketball (1952, 1975). They also had 7 individual wrestling championships by Jarod Trice (2006, 2007), Anthony Jones (2007), Marcell Dubose (2005, 2006), and Quean Smith (2010, 2011). Highland Park had multiple runner-up appearances in wrestling and boys basketball. The school offered:
Football
Boys Baseball
Girls Softball
Girls Volleyball
Boys and Girls Track and field
Boys and Girls Cross Country
Boys and Girls Basketball
Girls Cheerleading
Notable alumni
Bob Bruce, former MLB player (Detroit Tigers, Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves)
Terry Duerod, former NBA player for the Boston Celtics and Golden State Warriors
Ted Gray, former MLB pitcher (Detroit Tigers, New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, Chicago White Sox, Baltimore Orioles)
Telma Hopkins, singer/actor
Doug Hollie, football player
Bobby Joe Hill, basketball player, point guard of the 1966 NCAA Texas Western University championship team
Reggie McKenzie, NFL football player for the Buffalo Bills
Elvis Mitchell, film critic
Billy Pierce, former MLB pitcher (Detroit Tigers, Chicago White Sox, San Francisco Giants)
Thomas F. Schweigert, member of the Michigan Senate and acting Lieutenant Governor of Michigan
Martha G. Scott, former member of the Michigan Senate and Michigan House of Representatives
George Trapp, former NBA player for the Atlanta Hawks and Detroit Pistons
John Trapp, basketball player for UNLV, 15th overall pick of 1968 NBA draft
References
External links
Highland Park Renaissance Academy - Webpage for all Highland Park public schools, now operated by Leona Group
Highland Park High School's Website (Archive)
Defunct schools in Michigan
Highland Park, Michigan
Public high schools in Michigan
Schools in Wayne County, Michigan
1978 establishments in Michigan
2016 disestablishments in Michigan
Educational institutions established in 1978
Educational institutions disestablished in 2016
Bad Seed Rising was an American rock band from Maryland composed of four teenagers: singer/rhythm guitarist Francheska Pastor, lead guitarist Mason Gainer, drummer Aiden Marceron and bassist Louey Peraza. They were the youngest band to sign with Roadrunner Records (a subsidiary of Atlantic Records).
In September 2012 they released their first EP 606 with the help of guitarist Chris Shiflett of the Foo Fighters. In 2013 they were part of the Bigger Than Life Tour. In 2014 they released the EP Charm City (after the nickname of Baltimore).
In 2015 their eponymous song was selected for the closing credits of the movie Spy starring Melissa McCarthy. They also released an EP in May 2015 called A Place Called Home, working with Drew Fulk.
In 2016 the band toured with the Warped Tour of 2016. A debut album called Awake in Color was released in late 2016.
On September 5, 2017, Bad Seed Rising announced its breakup, adding that "there's no bad blood between any of us, we will always still be brothers (and sister)." The band played its final show in Westminster, Maryland, on September 11.
Discography
EPs
606
Charm City
A Place Called Home
Albums
Awake in Color (2016)
References
External links
Bad Seed Rising Official site
Hard rock musical groups from Maryland
Musical groups established in 2012
Musical groups disestablished in 2017
Musical quartets
2012 establishments in Maryland
2017 disestablishments in Maryland
Jason and the Argonauts (working title: Jason and the Golden Fleece) is a 1963 Anglo-American independent mythological fantasy adventure film distributed by Columbia Pictures. It was produced by Charles H. Schneer, directed by Don Chaffey, and stars Todd Armstrong, while co-starring Nancy Kovack, Honor Blackman, and Gary Raymond.
Shot in Eastman Color, the film was made in collaboration with stop-motion animation master Ray Harryhausen and is known for its various legendary creatures, notably the iconic fight scene featuring seven skeleton warriors. Although it was a box-office disappointment during its initial release, the film was critically acclaimed and later became a cult classic.
The film score was composed by Bernard Herrmann, who had partnered with Harryhausen on The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958), The 3 Worlds of Gulliver (1960) and Mysterious Island (1961).
Plot
Pelias usurps the throne of Thessaly, killing King Aristo, but knows that a prophecy states that one of Aristo's children will avenge him. The god Hermes, disguised as Pelias's soothsayer, watches as the infant Jason, Aristo's son, is spirited away by one of Aristo's soldiers. Pelias slays one of Aristo's daughters after they seek sanctuary in the temple of the goddess Hera. Because the murder has profaned their temple, Hera becomes Jason's protector. They warn Pelias to beware of "a one-sandaled man".
Twenty years later, Jason saves Pelias from drowning in a river, an "accident" orchestrated by Hera, but loses their sandal in the process, so Pelias recognizes their enemy. Learning that Jason intends to seek the legendary Golden Fleece to rally support against him, they encourage Jason in the attempt, hoping that Jason will be killed.
Hermes takes Jason to Mount Olympus to speak with Zeus and Hera. Hera tells them Zeus has decreed that they can help them only five times. This is the same number of times that Jason's murdered sister Briseis called on Hera for protection. They direct them to search for the Fleece in the land of Colchis. Zeus offers aid, but Jason declines.
They set out to build a ship and recruit a crew. Men from all over Greece compete for the honor of joining their quest. Because their ship is named the Argo after their builder, Argus, the crew are dubbed the Argonauts. Among them are Hercules, Hylas, and Acastus, the son of Pelias (unknown to Jason), sent by their father to sabotage the voyage.
Hera guides Jason to the Isle of Bronze, but warns them to take nothing but provisions. However, Hercules steals a brooch pin the size of a javelin from a building filled with treasure and surmounted by a gigantic bronze statue of Talos. The statue comes to life and attacks the Argonauts. Jason again turns to Hera, who tells them to open a large plug on Talos's heel to release the giant's ichor. Talos falls to the ground, crushing Hylas and hiding their body. Hercules refuses to leave until they ascertain the fate of their friend. The other Argonauts are unwilling to abandon Hercules, so Jason calls upon Hera again. They inform them that Hylas is dead and that Zeus has other plans for Hercules.
Hera directs Jason to seek out Phineus, who has been blinded and is tormented by harpies for misusing Zeus's gift of prophesy. After the Argonauts capture and cage the harpies, Phineus tells them how to reach Colchis, by sailing between the Clashing Rocks. They also give Jason an amulet of the sea god Triton. The Argonauts see another ship trying to pass through the other way, only to be crushed and sunk when the Clashing Rocks smash together. Upon Jason's refusal to turn back, when the Argo tries to row through, the ship appears doomed as well. In despair, Jason throws Phineus's amulet into the water, whereupon Triton rises up and holds the rocks apart long enough for the Argo to pass. Upon clearing the rocks, the Argonauts rescue a survivor from the other ship lost, the wonderfully and deadly attractive Medea, high priestess of Colchis.
Finally nearing Colchis, Acastus challenges Jason's authority and engages them in a duel. Disarmed, Acastus jumps into the sea and disappears. Jason and their men land and accept an invitation from King Aeëtes to a feast. Unknown to them, Acastus has warned Aeëtes of Jason's quest for the Golden Fleece. Aeëtes has the unwary Argonauts imprisoned, but Medea, having fallen in love with Jason, helps them and their men escape.
Acastus tries to steal the Fleece first, but is killed by its guardian, the Hydra. Jason is able to kill the beast and take the Fleece. Medea is mortally wounded by an arrow, but Jason heals them with the Fleece. Aeëtes then sows the Hydra's teeth and prays to the goddess Hecate. Seven armed skeletons, the "children of the Hydra's teeth", emerge from the ground. Jason, Phalerus and Castor, hold them off, while Medea and Argus escape back to the Argo with the Fleece. After a prolonged battle, in which their companions are killed, Jason escapes by jumping into the sea, and he, Medea, and the surviving Argonauts begin their voyage home to Thessaly. On Olympus, Zeus tells Hera that, while Jason can enjoy their triumph, they are not done with Jason.
Cast
Todd Armstrong as Jason (dubbed by Tim Turner, uncredited)
Nancy Kovack as Medea (dubbed by Eva Haddon, uncredited)
Gary Raymond as Acastus
Laurence Naismith as Argus
Niall MacGinnis as Zeus
Michael Gwynn as Hermes/priest
Douglas Wilmer as Pelias
Jack Gwillim as King Aeëtes
Honor Blackman as Hera
John Cairney as Hylas
Patrick Troughton as Phineus
Andrew Faulds as Phalerus
Nigel Green as Hercules
John Crawford as Polydeuces (uncredited)
Ferdinando Poggi as Castor (uncredited)
Bill Gudgeon as Triton (uncredited)
Doug Robinson as Eupaemus (uncredited)
Davina Taylor as Briseis (uncredited)
Aldo Cristiani as Lynceus (uncredited)
Film score
The film is one of the mythically-themed fantasies scored by Bernard Herrmann. Apart from being the composer's fourth collaboration with Ray Harryhausen (The 7th Voyage of Sinbad, The 3 Worlds of Gulliver, and Mysterious Island, made in 1958, 1960, and 1961 respectively), Herrmann also scored the science fiction films The Day the Earth Stood Still (1951) and Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959).
Contrasting with Herrmann's all-string score for Psycho, the film's soundtrack was made without a string section. This leaves the brass and percussion to perform the heroic fanfares, and the woodwinds along with additional instruments (such as the harp) to dominate in the more subtle and romantic parts.
In 1995, Intrada released a re-recording of the original score. The new version was conducted by American composer/conductor Bruce Broughton, and performed by the Sinfonia of London.
Differences from classical mythology
The film differs in some ways from the traditional telling in Greek mythology:
Pelias does not kill their half-brother King Aristo (Aeson) but instead had them imprisoned. Eventually, it is Medea, and not Jason, who kills Pelias; they demonstrate to Pelias' daughters that they can rejuvenate an old ram into a young one by killing, chopping and boiling it in a pot. They promise to do the same for Pelias, so their daughters kill and chop him. However, Medea breaks their word and Pelias remains dead.
Hera does not attempt to kill Pelias themselves by drowning them in the river Anavros. Instead, in order to prove Jason's virtuous heart to Zeus, they disguise themselves as an old woman unable to cross on their own. Jason, feeling sympathy for the lady, ferries them across on their back but loses a sandal into its depths.
In mythology, the Argonauts encountered Talos on their return journey after they had obtained the Golden Fleece. They were defeated not by Jason, but by Medea casting a spell on Talos, causing them to remove the bronze nail from their ankle which kept the ichor inside. The mythological Talos guarded Crete, not the "Isle of Bronze", and was protecting not a treasure, but Queen Europa.
In the film, Hylas was killed when the crumbling remains of Talos crushed him. However, in mythology, Hylas was actually kidnapped by a naiad who fell in love with them as they took a drink from a spring. When Hercules could not find him, they believed them to still be alive, and stayed behind on the island to look for them (as in the film).
The harpies were not caught in a net or caged, but were chased away by the Boreads: Calaïs and Zetes (also Zethes)
In the film, the god Triton saved the Argo from destruction passing through the Clashing Rocks: however; according to Apollonius of Rhodes, Phineus instructed Jason to release a dove and if the bird makes it through, row with all their might and the goddess Athena provided the extra push to the ship needed to clear them; "the Argo darted from the rocks like a flying arrow". Another source is Homer's Odyssey, in which Circe tells Odysseus: "One ship alone, one deep-sea craft sailed clear, the Argo, sung by the world, when heading home from Aeëtes shores. And they would have crashed against those giant rocks and sunk at once if Hera, for their love of Jason, had not sped them through".
Jason was not betrayed by Acastus in the classical tale. Jason openly told King Aeëtes that they had come for the Fleece. The king promised Jason could have it if they performed three tasks, knowing full well they were impossible. However, Jason was able to complete the tasks with the help of Medea. It was not the Hydra that protected the Fleece but rather a dragon. Jason did not slay it, but instead, Medea cast a spell on it, causing it to fall asleep. Jason sowed the dragon's teeth into the ground, not Aeëtes. Jason defeated the "dragon's offspring" (the spartoi) by making them fight among themselves and destroy each other, rather than battling them with their colleagues.
One of the two Argonauts killed by the skeletons is Castor, who in Greek mythology would perish much later as the result of a feud with Idas and Lynceus. The other is Phalerus, who in mythology would also survive the adventures of the Argonauts.
The film ultimately omits the story of Medea killing and butchering their own brother, Absyrtus, to help Jason and the Argonauts escape; and also the episodes with Cyzicus, the Gegeines and the Argonauts' stay on the isle of Lemnos.
Reception
Critical response
The film received critical acclaim and is now considered a classic. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a "Certified Fresh" approval rating of 89% based on 45 reviews, with an average rating of 7.5/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Don Chaffey's Jason and the Argonauts is an outlandish, transportive piece of nostalgia whose real star is the masterful stop-motion animation work of Ray Harryhausen." On Metacritic, the film received a score of 69 based on 10 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Variety magazine wrote: "The $3 million film has a workable scenario and has been directed resourcefully and spiritedly by Don Chaffey, under whose leadership a colorful cast performs with zeal".
Ray Harryhausen regarded the film as their best. Previous Harryhausen films had been generally shown as part of double features in "B" theatres. Columbia was able to book it as a single feature in many "A" theatres in the United States.
Accolades
At the 1992 Academy Awards, in honoring Ray Harryhausen with a lifetime-achievement award, actor Tom Hanks remarked: "Some people say Casablanca or Citizen Kane. I say Jason and the Argonauts is the greatest film ever made".
In 2008, the American Film Institute nominated the film for its Top 10 Fantasy Films list.
In April 2004, Empire magazine ranked Talos as the second-best film monster of all time, after King Kong.
Home media
Columbia released the film on Blu-ray (for regions A, B, and C) on 6 July 2010. The disc's special features include two new audio commentaries, one by Peter Jackson and Randall William Cook, and the other by Harryhausen in conversation with their biographer Tony Dalton.
Comic book adaptation
The five-issue comic book miniseries Jason and the Argonauts: The Kingdom of Hades (2007) from TidalWave Productions' Ray Harryhausen Signature Series, continued the story. It was followed by Jason and the Argonauts: Final Chorus (2014).
Dell Movie Classic: Jason and the Argonauts (August–October 1963)
See also
Jason and the Argonauts (2000 miniseries)
List of stop-motion films
Sword-and-sandal
Greek mythology in popular culture
References
External links
This film on archive.org
1963 films
1960s fantasy adventure films
American fantasy adventure films
1960s English-language films
Films based on the Jason-Medea myth
Films scored by Bernard Herrmann
Films directed by Don Chaffey
Films set in ancient Greece
Films set in the Mediterranean Sea
Films using stop-motion animation
Columbia Pictures films
Epic fantasy films
Films adapted into comics
Films set on ships
Films about Heracles
Cultural depictions of Harpies
Works based on the Argonautica
Films produced by Charles H. Schneer
Films with screenplays by Beverley Cross
1960s American films
Les Guelfes, Op. 70, is an 1898 French-language grand opéra by Benjamin Godard in five acts to a libretto by Louis Gallet. It premiered posthumously on 12 August 1902 at the Théâtre des Arts in Rouen.
Recordings
Aria "Là-bas, vers le palais", Véronique Gens, Münchner Rundfunkorchester, Hervé Niquet 2017
References
External links
Operas
1902 operas
Operas by Benjamin Godard
French-language operas
Operas set in Italy
Arthur Welshe (fl. 1563) was an English politician.
Life
Welshe's life remains obscure. There are other Welshes within Morpeth, Northumberland at this time, indicating that they were probably a local man, and probably a burgess of the town.
Career
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Morpeth in 1563.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
People from Morpeth, Northumberland
English MPs 1563–1567
Zsolt Kovács may refer to:
Zsolt Kovács (biathlete) (born 1962), Hungarian Olympic biathlete
Zsolt Kovács (footballer) (born 1986), Hungarian footballer
Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács (1936–2014), Hungarian film director
J. Larry Jones (born September 2, 1956 in Hopkinsville, Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing trainer. They have trained over one thousand winners, including three winners of the Kentucky Oaks: Proud Spell in 2008, Believe You Can in 2012, and Lovely Maria in 2015. They have trained two horses who have finished second in the Kentucky Derby; Hard Spun, and the filly Eight Belles.
Career
Jones began training with a horse they owned himself, Ala Turf, in 1980. Originally a farmer of cotton, tobacco and soy bean, Jones found training horses to be much more exciting, and they took out a trainer's license in 1982. In 1986, Jones trained their first victor in a graded stakes race, Capt. Bold, a horse which they had purchased as a yearling for $800.
Jones trained at Ellis Park in Henderson, Kentucky until 2005, when a tornado destroyed much of the facilities, causing Jones to relocate to Delaware Park. They had a few horses at Ellis Park in 2012, and returned there with a full stable in 2018.
In 2007, Hard Spun, became the first contender that Jones trained for a Triple Crown event. Hard Spun was runner-up in the Kentucky Derby and Breeders' Cup Classic, and also won the Lane's End, King's Bishop, and Kentucky Cup Classic Stakes.
In 2008, Jones saddled Proud Spell to a decisive win over a sloppy track in the Kentucky Oaks. Proud Spell went on to win the Eclipse Award for American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly that year, becoming Jones's first Eclipse Award winner. The day after the Kentucky Oaks, Jones saddled their other top filly, Eight Belles, to run in the Kentucky Derby. Eight Belles came second in the race, but shortly after crossing the line broke both front legs, and was humanely euthanized on the track. After Eight Belles' breakdown, Jones was accused of drugging the filly or running an unsound horse and received hate mail from people who felt that they were to blame for the tragedy. Tests done on Eight Belles proved they had run clean. In the summer, Jones announced that after one more year of training, they would retire, partially because they wanted to spend more time with their family.
In 2009, Jones had two top Kentucky Derby hopefuls in Old Fashioned and Friesan Fire. Old Fashioned won the Remsen Stakes at Aqueduct in a romp and became the early favorite for the Derby. They also won the Southwest Stakes at Oaklawn Park by open lengths before they were upset by Win Willy in the Rebel Stakes. In the Arkansas Derby, Old Fashioned finished second to Papa Clem and was retired after it was they had slab-fractured their knee. Friesan Fire impressed on their way to the Derby, sweeping the Lecomte, Risen Star, and the Louisiana Derby at Fair Grounds in Louisiana, and started the 2009 Kentucky Derby as favorite, but went on to finish second-to-last. Friesan Fire went on to run in the Preakness Stakes.
In 2009, Jones trained horses Just Jenda (winner of the 2009 Monmouth Oaks, owned by Jones's wife, Cindy), Solar Flare, Maren's Meadow, Payton d'Oro (2009 Black-Eyed Susan Stakes winner), Kodiak Kowboy, and It Happened Again, continued to compete that season.
Other horses trained by Jones include No Such Word, winner of the 2010 Honeybee Stakes.
Personal life
On November 7, 2009, Jones retired, and their wife, Cindy, took over training duties at the barn. Jones became an assistant to Cindy and galloped horses in the mornings for them The Joneses are based at Delaware Park in Wilmington, Delaware, in the summer, and at Oaklawn Park in Hot Springs, Arkansas, in the winter.
Jones returned to training after one year of retirement. In April 2014, Jones was seriously injured after falling from a horse during a training ride, but returned to training not long afterwards.
Jones had Two Kids names Amanda and Wesley. (4 GrandChildren with the names, Xander, Juliet, Jensen, and Haven)
References
1956 births
Living people
American horse trainers
Sportspeople from Hopkinsville, Kentucky
This is the discography of Ron Browz, an American hip hop record producer.
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
EPs
Mixtapes
Miscellaneous
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Guest appearances
2008: "Arab Money" (Busta Rhymes featuring Ron Browz)
2008: "Arab Money (Remix)" (Busta Rhymes featuring Ron Browz, Diddy, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain, Akon & Lil Wayne)
2008: "Arab Money (Remix Pt. II)" (Busta Rhymes featuring Ron Browz, Rick Ross, Reek Da Villian, Spliff Star, N.O.R.E. & Red Cafe)
2008: "Arab Money (Remix Pt. III)" (Busta Rhymes featuring Juelz Santana, Jim Jones & Jadakiss)
2008: "Feel Free" (Ricky Blaze featuring Red Cafe & Nicki Minaj)
2008: "Winding on Me" (Fat Joe featuring Ron Browz & Lil Wayne)
2009: "Fill It Up (VIP)" (Brie Beauty featuring Ron Browz, Bow Wow & Hugo)
2009: "We Want In" (Busta Rhymes featuring Flipmode Squad, Spliff Star & Show Money)
2009: "She's A Killah" (Ghostface Killah featuring Ron Browz)
2009: "Heels On (Remix)" (Slim (of 112) featuring Ron Browz & D aka Deezo)
2009: "Rotate" (C-N-N featuring Busta Rhymes)
2009: "Rotate (Remix)" (C-N-N featuring Swizz Beatz, Busta Rhymes & Jadakiss)
2009: "Rotate (Champion Hoodie Remix)" (C-N-N featuring Maino, Uncle Murda, Joell Ortiz, Charlie Hustle, Spliff Star, Hell Rell, D.O.E., Tru Life, Mike Beck & Max B)
2009: "Champagne Red Lights (Remix)" (O'Neal McKnight featuring Ron Browz & Busta Rhymes)
2009: "Heavy In The Club" (Knocka featuring Ron Browz & Young Truth)
2009: "I Talk Money" (Q Da Kid featuring Ron Browz)
2009: "Skatez On" (Lumidee featuring Boogie Black, Ron Browz & DJ Webstar)
2009: "What They Call Me Big Time" (Bow Wow featuring Nelly & Jermaine Dupri)
2009: "Luv Wit Ya Boy" (Lloyd Banks featuring Ron Browz)
2009: "I Love My Money" (Pryme featuring Ron Browz)
2010: "Strippin' In The Club" (DJ Diamond Kuts featuring Ron Browz, Latif & Nicki Minaj)
2010: "Say They're Ballin'" (Knocka featuring Ron Browz & Nefu Da Don)
2010: "Sak Pase" (Sf (Spark Flame) featuring Ron Browz)
2011: "Say They're Ballin' (Remix)" (Knocka featuring Ron Browz, Mann & YG)
2012: "Uptown Boy (Remix)" (P. Swag featuring Ron Browz)
2012: "She's Hot" (Dougie Cash featuring Ron Browz)
2012: "Party Over Here" (Nino Man featuring Ron Browz)
2013: "U Can Do It" (J-Hood featuring Project Pat, Lil' Flip, Torch & Ron Brownz)
2013: "Get At Me" (Papoose featuring Ron Brownz)
2013: "I Got Tha Ca$h" (Al Boogs featuring Ron Brownz)
Music videos
Featured music videos
References
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of American artists
Alan John Buckley (born 9 February 1977) is an Irish-Canadian actor.  They are known for playing nerdy crime lab technician Adam Ross on the television series CSI: NY (2005–2013) and Navy SEAL Sonny Quinn on the television series SEAL Team (2017–present). They also had roles in Supernatural (2006–2014), The Box (2007), Home Sweet Hell (2015), and as the voice of Nash in The Good Dinosaur (2015).
Early life
Buckley was born on 9 February 1977 in Dublin, Ireland. They immigrated at the age of six with their family to White Rock, British Columbia, Canada.
In their teens, Buckley began their acting career in the television series The Odyssey followed by guest starring roles in The X-Files and Millennium.
Buckley attended St. Thomas More Collegiate in Burnaby, near Vancouver.
Career
Buckley appeared in the 1998 thriller science fiction film, Disturbing Behavior, alongside actor Katie Holmes. In 2001 they starred in an indie film Extreme Days a comedy-drama-romance flick. In 2005, Buckley was offered the part of Adam Ross on the hit crime drama CSI: NY. The part was supposed to be a recurring role, but by the end of the show's third season in 2007, they were offered a five-year contract. Before receiving the role of Adam Ross, Buckley had appeared as a different character on the original CSI: Crime Scene Investigation in a 2004 episode.
In 2006, the film Jimmy and Judy was released. When the CSI: NY episode featuring Buckley aired in 2006, director Randall K. Rubin called Buckley to discuss the success of an episode of CSI: NY, entitled "Down the Rabbit Hole" and the internet activity it had generated for Buckley. Harold Whaley, program director for Urban Network, suggested the idea of an in-world premiere featuring Buckley as a guest host and panellist for a post-screening Q&A.
Buckley stars as Sonny Quinn on SEAL Team an American military drama television series that premiered on CBS for four seasons and switched to Paramount for the fifth season.
Personal life
Buckley proposed to their girlfriend of two years, Abigail Ochse on 31 December 2012 while on vacation in Hawaii. On 3 September 2013 Buckley announced they were expecting a baby girl. The couple welcomed daughter Willow Phoenix Buckley on 19 January 2014. On 24 October 2014 while in New Zealand, Buckley fractured their arm and leg while running away during a "scare event."
Buckley had twins on 5 March 2018 (Ranger Joseph and Bodhi Robert)
In 2019, Buckley played on the "Away" roster during the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game at the Bojangles' Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Filmography
Film
Television
Web
Video games
References
External links
Official website
1977 births
Living people
20th-century Canadian male actors
21st-century Canadian male actors
Canadian expatriate male actors in the United States
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male video game actors
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian people of Irish descent
Irish emigrants to Canada
People from White Rock, British Columbia
The Brady Street Cemetery is a historic Jewish cemetery on Brady Street in Whitechapel in the East End of London, E1. The cemetery opened in 1761 as the burial ground for the New Synagogue and was subsequently used by the Great Synagogue. It was closed to further burials from 1857. Several notable people are buried there.
Architecture
The cemetery is in size and is surrounded by a wall topped with broken glass. The London: East edition of the Pevsner Architectural Guides describes the cemetery as "crowded with mainly later Victorian monuments" and highlights Miriam Levy's monument for its "considerable lavishness".
History
The land the cemetery occupies was originally a brickfield on Ducking Pond Lane and was subsequently known as North Street. In 1761 it was leased to the New Synagogue for an annual rent of 12 guineas. The cemetery was extended in 1795.
The Brady Street Cemetery rapidly filled, and a solution was found with the addition of a four-foot layer of soil in the centre of the cemetery to allow additional burials. The raised area became known as the "Strangers Mound" as many of the new burials were not affiliated to any particular congregation. The headstones of the burials in the Strangers Mound and the ones below are set back to back. The Great Synagogue subsequently buried people in the New Synagogue's Jewish cemetery at West Ham after forming a Conjoint Burial Board with the New Synagogue.
In the 1980s the local council intended to redevelop the cemetery with the use of a compulsory purchase order as it had not been used for many years. If a cemetery has not had any interments for 100 years it may be redeveloped, but with the burial of Victor Rothschild, 3rd Baron Rothschild in the cemetery in 1990, the future of the Brady Street Cemetery was secured from building development until at least 2090.
The cemetery is owned by the United Synagogue and open only by appointment.
Notable burials
Financiers Benjamin (c. 1753–1808) and Abraham (c. 1756–1810) Goldsmid, both of whom committed suicide
Rabbi of Great Britain Solomon Hirschell (1762–1842)
Hyman Hurwitz (1770–1844), the first professor of Hebrew at University College, London
Charity worker Miriam Levy (1801–1850)
Centenarian Nathan Moses who died aged 107 in 1799
Banker Nathan Meyer Rothschild (1777–1836) and their wife Hannah Rothschild (née Barent-Cohen, 1783–1850)
Business executive and intelligence operative Victor Rothschild, 3rd Baron Rothschild (1910–1990)
Judah Cohen (1768—1838), merchant and owner of numerous slave plantations in Jamaica
See also
Brady Street
Jewish cemeteries in the London area
References
External links
London Gardens Online: Brady Street Cemetery
Complete photographic record of headstones at the Brady Street Cemetery at CemeteryScribes
1760s in London
1761 establishments in England
Ashkenazi Jewish culture in London
Buildings and structures in Whitechapel
Cemeteries in London
Jewish cemeteries in the United Kingdom
Jews and Judaism in London
Rothschild family
The yellow-crested helmetshrike (Prionops alberti) is a species of bird in the Vanga family Vangidae, formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
It is endemic to Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
yellow-crested helmetshrike
Endemic birds of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
yellow-crested helmetshrike
yellow-crested helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mill Creek chert is a type of chert found in Southern Illinois and heavily exploited by members of the Mississippian culture (800 to 1600 CE). Artifacts made from this material are found in archaeological sites throughout the American Midwest and Southeast. It is named for a village and stream near the quarries, Mill Creek, Illinois and Mill Creek, a tributary of the Cache River. The chert was used extensively for the production of utilitarian tools such as hoes and spades, and for polished ceremonial objects such as bifaces, spatulate celts and maces.
History
Chert is a siliceous (silica) stone, a variety of quartz similar to flint but more brittle. It naturally occurs as large, flat, elliptically shaped nodules in creek beds, and sometimes as hill-top residuum. The nodules were formed as part of the Ullin limestone formation during the Mississippian geologic period (roughly 359 to 318 million years ago). Mill Creek Chert is a tough, coarse-grained chert, usually brown or gray in color, and occurs as large tabular shaped nodules.
The best archaeological evidence states that maize (corn) first entered the United States from Mexico around 800 CE. It quickly spread throughout the continent and created a full scale lifestyle shift for the prehistoric people of the area. The cultivation and harvest of maize would allow for the creation of permanent villages and cities. To cultivate maize, tools were needed to till, plant and harvest the new crops. The spade was invented to accomplish these agricultural goals. Spades were chipped from large pieces of tabular flint from sources like Mill Creek, Dover, and Kaolin chert. Although no prehistoric hafting exist today, it is likely that the spades were hafted at right angles to the handle and used much like today's garden hoes. The technological leap created by mastering the spade production and the cultivation of maize was one of the single most important events over man's 14,000 year prehistory in America.
At the turn of the 20th century, archaeologists began realizing that in the hilly lands of Southern Illinois was the location for the quarrying and production centers—one of the greatest in prehistoric North America for this type of stone. The sites were located near Mill Creek, Illinois, a village in Union County, located between Jonesboro and Cairo on the Alexander County line. From this collection of sites, known colloquially as the "Indian Diggings", Native Americans quarried, worked into tools and blanks, and exported this stone to the wider Mississippian world. The chert found here was one of the major exported raw materials of the Mississippian culture and its distribution and procurement was one of the largest mining and production efforts organized during the Mississippian period. The raw material was dug up in the quarries and then transported to small hamlets for production in hoes, spades and blanks. Archaeologists believe they were then transported to and traded at regional mound centers such as the Hale Site, a palisaded village with a platform mound and a burial mound. From these local sites they were then transported and traded at sites even further afield. These materials were some of the most widely exchanged items during this period, with especially large amounts transported to the American Bottom region. Examples are numerous at Cahokia, where it was especially prized for hoes and spades, but finds have been made in locations as distant as Spiro and Moundville.
Types of use
The most common tools made from Mill Creek chert were digging implements. The physical properties of the stone and its ability to absorb repeated use without breaking as often as other stone, made it especially suitable for these types of tools. The Mississippian cultures heavy dependence on maize agriculture and their monumental architecture (platform mounds, moats and embankments) made such tools especially valuable. Three main varieties of Mississippian culture hoes have been found, differentiated by their shape, oval, flared and notched. The oval and flared varieties were hafted to L-shaped wooden handles, such as the one wielded by the Birger figurine. The notched version was probably hafted as a spade. Another advantageous property of the Mill Creek chert was the large size of the nodules, which meant that the corresponding tools could be large. Some hoes were up to in length.
The other main use for the chert was large ceremonial bifaces, spatulate celts and stone maces. These were ritual objects which often display a high degree of craftmanship. Unlike the hoes and other utilitarian tools, the ritual objects were often ground and polished to a high degree of finish. Many Southeastern Ceremonial Complex artworks depict figures wielding these ceremonial items, especially the sword shaped ceremonial bifaces and maces. As with the hoes, these artifacts could also be quite large, with some of the swordlike bifaces being up to in length. These ritual objects have been found throughout the American Bottom, the Lilbourn Site in New Madrid County, Missouri and as far away as Spiro and Gahagan Mounds, Caddoan Mississippian culture sites in Oklahoma and Louisiana. Although the objects are modeled after actual weapons, such as war clubs, archaeologists believe they were too delicate to function as actual weapons and instead functioned as status symbols.
Gallery of Mill Creek chert artifacts
See also
Duck River cache
Visual arts by indigenous peoples of the Americas
List of Mississippian sites
References
External links
Mill Creek Chert Spade found in St. Frances Co, MO
Mill Creek Chert found in Moundville, Alabama
Mill Creek chert ceremonial mace from Lilbourn Site in New Madrid County, Missouri
Mississippian culture
Native American art
American Indian relics
Lithics
Chert
Leonard Edgcombe (died 1696) was a ship's captain with the Hudson's Bay Company who made a number of voyages into Hudson Bay and James Bay on behalf of the company. They had Henry Baley as a chief mate for a time prior to 1692 and this mariner became an important link with the area for the Hudson's Bay Company.
External links
1696 deaths
Hudson's Bay Company people
Sea captains
Year of birth unknown
Paul Burrell (born ) is a former servant of the British Royal Household and latterly butler to Princess Diana.
Background and Royal Household career
Burrell was born and raised in Grassmoor, Derbyshire, a coal-mining village. Their parents were Graham Burrell and Beryl Burrell, née Kirk. Their father was a lorry driver and it was initially assumed they would go to work in the local colliery, but they had decided at the age of eight that they wanted to work at Buckingham Palace. This was after a trip to London, in which they witnessed the Changing of the Guard. They attended William Rhodes Secondary School in Chesterfield before entering High Peak College in Buxton, where they studied hotel management.
Burrell entered Royal Service at age 18 as a Buckingham Palace footman, becoming the Queen's personal footman a year later. They were nicknamed "Small Paul", to distinguish them from a taller footman, Paul Whybrew, who was known as "Tall Paul".
In 1987, Burrell joined the household of Charles and Diana at Highgrove House, Gloucestershire, acting as butler to the princess until their death in August 1997. Burrell claimed that Diana, Princess of Wales, had described them as "the only man they ever trusted", although there is only Burrell's own writing to support this statement. Books produced by Burrell state that Diana was very fond of him, and that they would describe them as their "rock" for their support during trying times, but Diana's mother, Frances Shand Kydd, detested them and believed that they were "just another hanger-on grasping at Diana's celebrity".
In 2001 Burrell opened a florist's in Farndon, Cheshire.
Events since the death of Diana
Royal Household and inquest related
Burrell has been routinely mentioned in relation to Diana. At times the coverage has been adverse, for example in a 2002 case where they were charged with theft related to Diana's possessions. The trial collapsed after evidence was given that the Queen had spoken with them regarding disputed events and a public-interest immunity (PII) certificate was presented by the Crown Prosecution Service.
In January 2008 Burrell appeared as a witness at the inquest into the death of Diana. Burrell said they had approached a Catholic priest about a private marriage between Diana and the heart surgeon Hasnat Khan, and denied rumours that Diana was about to announce their engagement to Dodi Fayed. They were also questioned on a letter to them from Diana in October 1996, in which they said their husband was planning to have them killed to make the path clear for them to marry Camilla Parker Bowles. The coroner dismissed notions of a "secret" that Burrell knew about Diana that they swore they "would never reveal," as detailed at the end of their book, A Royal Duty.
Other matters were discussed in relation to the case, many alleged and not proven, including allegations of perjury at the coroner's court, and allegations about their personal life.
On 18 February 2008, The Sun newspaper reported that Burrell had admitted, on tape, that they had not told "the whole truth" during their appearance at the Diana inquest; they also said they had thrown in a "few red herrings". Some reports suggested that Burrell could be charged with perjury. The Sun said it would hand the tape to the court on 19 February 2008.
Burrell was criticised for copying Diana's letters and their integrity was called into question. The coroner, Lord Justice Scott Baker, said: "In the end, there is an important issue as to the credibility of the witness."
Memoirs
In 2003, Burrell released a memoir, A Royal Duty, which follows their career as a member of the Royal staff. It deals with their time as butler to the Prince and Princess of Wales at Highgrove House in Gloucestershire, their move to Diana's staff at Kensington Palace after their divorce from Prince Charles, and Burrell's acquittal on theft charges. The book was sold internationally and was updated in a paperback edition in 2004. Its publication led to a rift with Buckingham Palace. Princes William and Harry accused Burrell of betraying their mother's confidences. In a joint statement before publication, they called the book "a cold and overt betrayal."
Media career
On 21 November 2004, Burrell entered the fourth series of the ITV reality television show I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! and finished as runner-up on 6 December 2004. They were a judge and trainer on Australian Princess in 2005, and in March 2006 appeared on Countdown in Dictionary Corner.
In early 2006, they appeared as Richard Gere on ITV's Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes, singing "Razzle Dazzle" from Chicago, the film version of the Broadway musical. A further TV appearance in September 2006 was followed by another in 2015.
In February 2017, Burrell and their house in Peckforton appeared in an episode of ITV's UK reality TV series Through the Keyhole with Keith Lemon. In August 2017, they appeared in Series 2 of the Channel 5 UK reality TV series In Therapy. In November 2017, a television documentary, Diana: The Royal Truth, for which Burrell was the primary source, was released in the UK.
Personal life
Burrell was married to Maria Cosgrove, who formerly worked for Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. They met while working in Buckingham Palace and have two sons.
In 2017, a divorced Burrell announced they were marrying their male partner, Graham Cooper, a corporate lawyer whom they met ten years ago. This occurred on 2 April 2017 in Bowness-on-Windermere.
In July 2019, Burrell sold their florist shop as a going concern and retired to live with their husband in their 19th-century mock-Tudor house in Peckforton, Cheshire.
Burrell is a fan of Wrexham Football Club and St Helens Rugby Football Club. Their pastimes include travelling and painting churchyard scenes.
Honours
They were awarded the Royal Victorian Medal in November 1997 for services to the Royal Family. They also received the Queen Elizabeth II Version of the Royal Household Long and Faithful Service Medal for 20 years service to the Royal Family.
Bibliography
Entertaining with Style (1999)
In the Royal Manner: Butler to Diana (1999)
A Royal Duty (2003)
The Way We Were: Remembering Diana (2007)
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
British male writers
British memoirists
British non-fiction writers
British butlers
Converts to Roman Catholicism
English domestic workers
Florists
Gay men
LGBT people from England
Members of the British Royal Household
Members of the Household of the Prince of Wales
People from the Borough of Cheshire East
People from Grassmoor
People named in the Panama Papers
Recipients of the Royal Victorian Medal
Writers from London
British monarchists
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series) participants
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian TV series) participants
Male non-fiction writers
Jamel Ishmael Williams (born December 22, 1973) is a former American football safety in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins. They also played in the XFL for the Las Vegas Outlaws. They played college football at the University of Nebraska and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1997 NFL Draft.
Early life
Williams was born in Gary, Indiana and attended Merrillville High School in Merrillville, Indiana. While at Merrillville, they played high school football, basketball, and participated in track and field. In football, Williams was a four-year letterman and helped lead Merrillville to a Class 5A regional title as they scored 45 touchdowns and rushed for 3,238 yards (5.7 per carry) in their high school career.
College career
Williams attended and played college football from 1994-1996 for the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers. After sitting out during their first-year student season, they helped Nebraska go undefeated in 1994 on their way to the National Title. Williams again helped the Cornhuskers go undefeated in 1995, with Nebraska securing a spot in the national title game against the Florida Gators in the 1996 Fiesta Bowl. During that game, Williams sacked Florida QB Danny Wuerffel for a safety early in the second quarter, part of a 29 point explosion by the Huskers. Nebraska went on to win 62-24, securing their second national title in a row. Nebraska's record during William's three years was 36-2.
Professional career
Williams was drafted in the fifth round of the 1997 NFL Draft by the Washington Redskins, and played there from 1997 to 1999. They then played in the XFL for the Las Vegas Outlaws in 2001.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Players of American football from Gary, Indiana
American football safeties
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Washington Redskins players
Las Vegas Outlaws (XFL) players
Graham Plant (born 15 December 1949) is an English former motorcycle speedway rider. They won the Second Division Riders Championship in 1968 and went to a career in the British League with Leicester Lions, Newport Wasps, and Halifax Dukes.
Biography
Born in Leicester, Graham Plant is the son of former speedway rider Wilf Plant, and began racing in their teens, initially in go-kart and sidecar racing. After practicing at King's Lynn, they had their first speedway races in second half events at Long Eaton Speedway in 1967. In 1968 they joined second division Middlesbrough Teessiders on loan from Leicester Lions, and impressive performances (he averaged 8.54 over the season) also led to appearances for first division Lions. They also won the Second Division Riders Championship that year. In 1969 they rode full-time for the Lions, averaging 6.21 over the season, including one full maximum score. Also in 1969, they won the
British Under 21 Championship. By 1971 they were one of the Lions' top riders, averaging 8.78 over the season, and they represented England in international competition and finished third in the Rhodesian Open Championship. In 1972 they moved to Newport Wasps, where they stayed for two seasons before moving on to Halifax Dukes, where they stayed until 1979, although they made no appearances in 1978 and only rode in only a handful of matches in 1979, before retiring. They returned in 1980 with National League team the Milton Keynes Knights where they raced in 1980 and 1981, when their season was cut short after a loss of form and a falling-out with the team management. They returned briefly for the Knights in 1983, before retiring for the final time.
References
1949 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Leicester
British speedway riders
Leicester Lions riders
Middlesbrough Bears riders
Newport Wasps riders
Halifax Dukes riders
Ernst Schröder (27 January 1915 – 26 July 1994) was a popular German theatre, film and TV actor.
Life
Born in Herne, Schröder began their acting career at the nearby Bochum Theatre in 1934, under the legendary director Saladin Schmitt. They worked there until 1936, also working as assistant director and Stage Designer. After working at Bielefeld and Wuppertal, they moved to the Schiller Theatre in Berlin in 1938, which became their artistic home and the location of their greatest triumphs, particularly after the Second World War.
During the war they served briefly in the army, was wounded, and returned to the Schiller Theatre in 1942. When in 1944 the theatre was closed, they returned to serve in the army, and ended the war in Italy as a prisoner. They returned to the theatre in 1946 and rapidly re-established their reputation.
They were a member of the jury at the 7th Berlin International Film Festival in 1957.
They were considered one of the greatest character actors of the German theatre, enjoying larger than life roles. They were frequently compared with the pre-war star Heinrich George. In addition, they frequently acted in Zurich and Munich. Although they concentrated on stage work, both as actor and director, they occasionally appeared in film roles, most notably as German General Hans von Salmuth in the 1962 film The Longest Day.
They achieved broader popularity in the 1970s, appearing more frequently on television, particularly in crime shows like Derrick and Der Alte.
In 1980, their daughter, the actor Christiane Schröder (18 January 1942 – 17 September 1980), committed suicide by jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco.
In 1981, they staged a production of Shakespeare's King Lear at the Bad Hersfeld Festival. At the end of the 1980s they returned to television in the role of 'Lauritz Lorentz' in the series of (Lorentz and Sons).
In 1991–92, they appeared as the narrator in a dramatised radio version of The Lord of the Rings.
Throughout their career, Schröder also dubbed the voices of popular English-speaking actors into German. Amongst others, they provided the voices for Charles Boyer, James Cagney, William Conrad, Rex Harrison, Herbert Lom, Spencer Tracy and Peter Ustinov.
At the age of 79, Schröder was diagnosed with cancer at a Berlin hospital. They committed suicide on 26 July 1994 by jumping out of a window.
Theatre
Filmography
Television
References
External links
1915 births
1994 deaths
Suicides by jumping in Germany
German male stage actors
German male film actors
German male television actors
Commander Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
People from Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia
20th-century German male actors
1994 suicides
German Army personnel of World War II
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947-1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Abby Walker (formally known as Abby Pivaronas) is an American actor and model. They played Vanessa Page on Disney Channel sitcom Jonas.
Life and career
They were born and raised in Frankfort, Illinois. They went to Lincoln-Way East High School. Walker's other television credits include Gossip Girl, Lincoln Heights, Monk, The Glades and Privileged. They also appeared in the films Mostly Ghostly and the TV film Cheerleader Camp opposite Kristin Cavallari. Walker also appeared in the Funny or Die video Zac Efron's Pool Party.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Chicago
Female models from Illinois
American film actores
American television actores
People from Frankfort, Illinois
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jatropha macrantha, also called the huanarpo macho, is a medium size shrubby tree species in the genus Jatropha with orange red flowers. It is indigenous to Peru. It is as popular in Peru as Muira Puama is in Brazil.
Catechin, catechin-7-O-β-glucopyranoside and procyanidin B3 can be found in Huanarpo Macho.
References
External links
rainforest-database.com
macrantha
Flora of Peru
Plants described in 1865
"Guess I'm Doing Fine" is a single by Beck from their fifth major-label album, Sea Change.
Music video
The video was directed by Spike Jonze and produced by Emma Wilcockson. Beck is thrown an acoustic guitar by an anonymous person that is not seen in the video. They sit down on what presumably is a white rock next to a tree and handles their guitar. They walk around with their guitar. They sit down to eat a sandwich, and eventually gets back up. Their guitar follows him, even though they are not touching it. Beck is now sitting next to a tree again, and starts a conversation with a man playing soccer. The man sits down, and eventually Beck is playing soccer with the rest of the people. Later when they finish, they continue walking on the sidewalk.
Critical reception
The song received positive reviews from critics. Rolling Stone remarked on "the low, slow way" that Beck "sings on their way to the song's punch line", given as, "It's only tears that I'm crying/It's only you that I'm losing/Guess I'm doing fine." Rolling Stone said this was "a powerful admission of failure" in Beck's broken relationship with their longtime girlfriend. E! Online also gave the song a positive review, saying it was one of the highlights of the album.
Personnel
Beck: vocals, acoustic guitar, synthesizer, harmonica, background vocals
Joey Waronker: drums, percussion, background vocals
Justin Meldal-Johnsen: electric bass, background vocals
Smokey Hormel: electric guitar
Roger Manning: piano, clavinet, background vocals
Nigel Godrich: synthesizer
References
Beck songs
2002 singles
Song recordings produced by Nigel Godrich
Songs written by Beck
2002 songs
Music videos directed by Spike Jonze
Scott P. Carroll is an American evolutionary biologist and ecologist affiliated with the University of California, Davis and the University of Queensland. Carroll's main interests are in exploring contemporary evolution to better understand adaptive processes and how those processes can be harnessed to develop solutions to evolutionary challenges in food production, medical care and environmental conservation. With Charles W. Fox, Carroll edited Conservation Biology: Evolution in Action, a book published by Oxford University Press in 2008 in which contributors, across the field of evolutionary biology and conservation, apply evolutionary thinking to concepts and practices in conservation biology, an area of research sometimes called evolutionary ecology. Carroll is founding director of the Institute for Contemporary Evolution.
Life and career
Scott P. Carroll was awarded their Ph.D. in biology at the University of Utah in 1990. They gained their Master of Science in 1983 at the University of Oklahoma, graduating in 1981 with a Bachelor of Science in ecology and behavioral biology (magna cum laude) at the University of Minnesota.
After gaining their Ph. D. Carrol worked as an academic in Costa Rica, first working at the University of California in 1991.
In 2003–04 and again in 2007–08 they were a Fulbright Scholar at University of Queensland.
Professional practice
As a principal of Carroll-Loye Biological Research Consulting, Carroll undertakes insect repellent development, testing and registration, providing US EPA compliant efficacy evaluations of both conventional and biological insect repellents. Amanda Mascarelli of the LA Times has written several articles on insect repellents with the help of Carroll-Loye. In July 2014 Carroll appeared on Good Morning America assisting reporter Becky Worley with a mosquito box in a story comparing DEET based sprays with Picaridin.
Awards and honours
2014 Paper ‘Carroll and Corneli 1995' chosen to lead a virtual issue highlighting influential papers in the first 25 years of the journal Behavioral Ecology.
2013 Adaptive versus non‐adaptive phenotypic plasticity and the potential for contemporary adaptation in new environments published in April 2007 (Volume 21) in Functional Ecology selected as one of the top 100 most influential papers ever published by the British Ecological Society (co author with C. K. Ghalambor of Colorado State University, et al.)
2012 Plenary Speaker Annual Meeting of the Animal Behavior Society, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
2007 Fulbright Inaugural Alumni Initiative Award, Australian-American Fulbright Commission.
Controversy
In conservation biology Carroll cautions against overzealous "native species bias", which they believe may sometimes result in environmentally unwise, expensive and ultimately unsuccessful non-native-species eradication attempts, appearing as one of 19 authors (led by Mark Davis) of "Don't judge species on their origins" in Nature, Issue 7350. This area of conservation biology is hotly debated, the Mark Davis et al. article sparking a response from Daniel Simberloff and another 140 scientists, also in Nature entitled "Non-natives: 141 scientists object." Carroll and co-author Matthew Chew then responded to Simberloff et al. in an opinion piece in The Scientist.
In a special issue of Evolutionary Applications in March 2011, Carroll proposes a conciliatory approach to manage the eco-evolutionary dynamics resulting from interactions of natives with non-natives. Carroll expanded on their views on conciliation biology in an address to the Commonwealth Club of California, "An approach to conservation that reconciles past, present and future landscapes in nature", part of the Commonwealth Club's program “The science of conservation and biodiversity in the 21st century.” Sharon Levy quotes Carroll in OnEarth magazine as saying: "Conciliation biology offers a valuable insight, not that we must give up the fight against invasive species but that we can enlist strong allies in the wild." Ann Hild, a shrub-land ecologist at the University of Wyoming, says: "The heart of Carroll's argument will be hard for many to accept, because it means we're no longer striving for a pristine community of native plants." Levy agrees Carroll's is "the most practical approach in some cases, but preventing new invasions still seems most vital.
Publications
Books
2011 Carroll, SP, Kinnison, M, and Bernatchez, L eds. In the Light of Evolution: Interdisciplinary Challenges in Food, Health and the Environment. Evolutionary Applications 4:155–413.
2009 Carroll, SP, ed. Causes and consequences of adaptive evolution. Functional Ecology.
2008 Carroll, SP and Fox, CW, eds. Conservation Biology–Evolution in Action. 380 pp. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
2007 Hendry, ., Carroll, SP, and Reznick, D, eds. Evolution on Ecological Time-Scales (special feature with nine articles). Functional Ecology 21:387–477.
Textbooks
Included in:
Barton, NH, Briggs, DEG, Eisen, JA, Goldstein, DB and Patel, NH, 2007. Evolution. Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Press, Cold Spring Harbor.
Boyd, R and Silk, JB, 2008. How humans evolved. WW Norton & Company, New York.
Frankham, R, Ballou, JD, and Briscoe, DA, 2009. Introduction to conservation genetics, p. 420. Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.
Freeman, S and Herron, JC, 2007. Evolutionary analysis (4th edition). Benjamin Cummings, New York.
Freeman, S, 2005. Biological science. Pearson Prentice Hall, New York.
Futuyma, DJ, 2009. Evolution, pp. 349–350. Sinauer Assoc. Inc., Sunderland, MA.
Garland, T and Rose, MR, 2009. Experimental Evolution, pp. 181–182. University of California Press, Los Angeles.
Molles, MC, 2009. Ecology, concepts and applications, pp. 91–98. McGraw-Hill, New York.
Moore, J and Moore, R, 2006. Evolution 101. Greenwood Publishing Group, Westport, CT.
Roff, D, 2002. Life history evolution. Sinauer Assoc., Inc., Sunderland, MA.
Simmons, LW, 2001. Sperm competition and its evolutionary consequences in the insects. Princeton University Press.
Zimmer, C and Emlen, DJ, 2012. Evolution: Making Sense of Life. Roberts.
Popular books
Mentioned in:
Coyne, JA 2010. Why evolution is true. Penguin, New York.
Weiner, J 1995. The beak of the finch, a story of evolution in our time.
Journal articles
In order of most citations as of 3 September 2014
Adaptive versus non‐adaptive phenotypic plasticity and the potential for contemporary adaptation in new environments, Cameron K Ghalambor, John K McKay, Scott P Carroll, David N Reznick, 2007, Functional Ecology, Volume 2, Issue 3, Blackwell Publishing Ltd (cited by 603 as of 3 September 2014).
Evolution on ecological time‐scales, SP Carroll, AP Hendry, DN Reznick, CW Fox - Functional Ecology, 2007
Don't judge species on their origins, MA Davis et al. Nature, 2011
Evolutionary responses of natives to introduced species: what do introductions tell us about natural communities? SY Strauss, JA Lau, SP Carroll - Ecology Letters, 2006
Host race radiation in the soapberry bug: natural history with the history. SP Carroll, C Boyd - Evolution, 1992
Genetic differentiation of fitness-associated traits among rapidly evolving populations of the soapberry bug, SP Carroll, H Dingle, SP Klassen - Evolution, 1997
And the beak shall inherit–evolution in response to invasion, SP Carroll, JE Loye, H Dingle, M Mathieson, TR Famula, MP Zalucki, Ecology Letters 8 (9), 944-951
Genetic architecture of adaptive differentiation in evolving host races of the soapberry bug, Jadera haematoloma, SP Carroll, H Dingle, TR Famula, CW Fox, Genetica 112 (1), 257–272
The biology of post-invasion events, SP Carroll, H Dingle - Biological Conservation, 1996
Rapidly evolving adaptations to host ecology and nutrition in the soapberry bug, SP Carroll, SP Klassen, H Dingle - Evolutionary Ecology, 1998
Birds, bugs and blood: avian parasitism and conservation, J Loye, S Carroll - Trends in Ecology &Evolution, 1995
Evolutionary principles and their practical application, AP Hendry et al. Evolutionary Applications, 2011
Nest ectoparasite abundance and cliff swallow colony site selection, nestling development, and departure time, JE Loye, SP Carroll - Bird–parasite interactions: Ecology, evolution and …, 1991
Conciliation biology: the eco‐evolutionary management of permanently invaded biotic systems, SP Carroll - Evolutionary Applications, 2011
References
External links
Institute for Contemporary Evolution
Carroll-Loye Biological Research Consulting
Living people
20th-century American biologists
21st-century biologists
20th-century American writers
21st-century American writers
21st-century American biologists
Evolutionary biologists
University of California, Davis
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Utah alumni
University of Minnesota College of Biological Sciences alumni
University of Oklahoma alumni
