Mourner is the common name used for several Neotropical birds from families Tityridae and Tyrannidae.
Species
Tityridae:
genus Schiffornis.
Varzea mourner (Schiffornis major); alternatively greater schiffornis.
Thrush-like mourner (Schiffornis turdina); alternatively thrush-like schiffornis.
Greenish mourner (Schiffornis virescens); alternatively greenish schiffornis.
genus Laniocera.
Speckled mourner (Laniocera rufescens).
Cinereous mourner (Laniocera hypopyrra).
genus Laniisoma.
Elegant mourner (Laniisoma elegans); alternatively shrike-like cotinga/laniisoma.
Brazilian laniisoma (Laniisoma (elegans) elegans).
Andean laniisoma (Laniisoma (elegans) buckleyi).
Tyrannidae:
genus Rhytipterna.
Pale-bellied mourner (Rhytipterna immunda).
Greyish mourner (Rhytipterna simplex).
Rufous mourner (Rhytipterna holerythra).
Birds by common name
Katie Irene "Kate" Gosselin (née Kreider; born March 28, 1975) is an American television personality. They achieved national and international recognition on the US reality TV show Jon & Kate Plus 8, in which they and Jon Gosselin were profiled as they raised their atypical family of sextuplets and twins.
Family
Katie Irene Kreider, who is of German, Scottish, and English descent, was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Charlene (née Kolak) and Kenton Kreider, a pastor. The third of five children, they have three sisters, Kendra, Christen and Clairissa, and one brother, Kevin.
Kreider became a registered nurse after completing a diploma program at the Reading Hospital and Medical Center in Reading, Pennsylvania. They then worked as a labor and delivery nurse in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania.
Kreider met Jon Gosselin at a company picnic on October 5, 1997. They were married on June 12, 1999, and on October 8, 2000, they gave birth to twin girls, Cara Nicole and Madelyn "Mady" Kate, who were premature at 35 weeks gestation. Gosselin became pregnant through fertility treatment because polycystic ovary syndrome left them unable to conceive otherwise. After further treatments, Gosselin became pregnant again and, on May 10, 2004, in Hershey, Pennsylvania, at the Penn State Hershey Medical Center, they gave birth to sextuplets: sons Aaden Jonathan; Collin Thomas; and Joel Kevin; and daughters Alexis Faith, Hannah Joy, and Leah Hope. They gave birth at just shy of 30 weeks gestation. The sextuplets were born 10 weeks premature, which is common in the multiple births resulting from fertility treatments. The early birth required the six infants to be placed on ventilators.
Television fame
Following the birth of the sextuplets, the Gosselins were featured in the NBC reality TV show Home Delivery when their home in Wyomissing was renovated to accommodate the large family.
The family was then featured in a special on Discovery Health in September 2005 entitled Surviving Sextuplets and Twins. A year later they were featured in another special entitled Sextuplets and Twins: One Year Later. With high ratings from the specials, Discovery Health signed the couple to a reality series which began airing in April 2007, called Jon & Kate Plus 8, documenting their lives. To produce the show, the family was filmed three or four days per week and the show's first two seasons aired on Discovery Health Channel before moving to The Learning Channel (TLC). The family received payment for appearing on the show.
Divorce
Jon and Kate announced on June 22, 2009, in an episode that they were separating. However, the two had met with Pennsylvania attorneys on the day that the episode aired to finalize plans for divorce rather than separation. They stated that their eight children will remain in their Pennsylvania home, and the two of them will move back and forth to accommodate the custody agreement. In separate interviews, they stated that the show would continue. However, TLC announced on June 23, 2009, that the show would be suspended with immediate effect. According to TLC, Jon and Kate had moved the focus away from the family and the change in the dynamic, as well as the production difficulties that had occurred because the couple was no longer living together, made it unclear whether the show was still viable.
On August 13, 2009, the police were called to the Gosselin family home in Wernersville, Pennsylvania, after the couple were engaged in a verbal fight. Kate arrived at the home during Jon's scheduled time with their children because they did not approve of the babysitter they were using. No arrests were made and no charges were filed against either party.
On December 16, 2009, it was announced that the couple's divorce was finalized. Kate was granted the ownership of the family home and primary custody of the children.
Since the divorce, Kate has had a contentious relationship with their ex-husband, which has repeatedly made headlines. Kate announced in August 2016 that they enrolled Collin in a program to help them with their "special needs". On August 22, 2017, the police were called to an orthodontist's office in Wyomissing, Pennsylvania, after Jon and Kate got into a custody dispute over one of their sextuplet daughters. It was reported that either Jon or Kate took their then 13-year-old daughter to the orthodontist and the argument erupted over who would be taking them home. No one was arrested, and in the end, the daughter went home with Jon while Kate was referred to Berks County District Attorney's office for a clearer interpretation of the child custody agreement. It was later reported that the sextuplet daughter involved in the dispute may have been Hannah.
In August 2018, Jon revealed in an Instagram live video that Hannah "permanently" lives with him, as there has been an ongoing custody battle with Kate over their daughter. It was reported that in April 2018, a judge ruled in favor of Jon having custody of Hannah, which prompted Kate to appeal this decision on May 4, 2018. The judge denied the appeal on June 14, 2018, as Kate "did not present legal argument to justify this Court's jurisdiction," according to court documents.
On October 24, 2018, Jon and their attorney filed papers for physical and legal custody of Collin. They claimed that it would be in Collin's best interest to live with their father upon their release from the inpatient center Kate enrolled them in. On December 4, 2018, Jon won sole physical and legal custody of Collin, as Kate and their attorney failed to appear. It was reported on December 26, 2018, that Collin was released from the inpatient center and returned home with Jon for good. As of 2018, Kate and their ex-husband are no longer in communication, except through their attorneys. In August 2019, In Touch Weekly reported that Kate was not attempting to win custody of both Hannah and Collin from their ex-husband. According to Jon, neither Hannah nor Collin have contact with their mother.
Career
Reality TV
On September 29, 2009, TLC announced the change in title of Jon & Kate Plus 8 to Kate Plus 8, continuing to follow Gosselin as a divorced mother, with Jon appearing infrequently on the show going forwards. The show was canceled during season five following Jon's decision to withdraw from the series, with the last episode - the finale of that season - airing on November 23 of that year. Season 2 of Kate Plus 8 premiered on November 28, 2010, and reruns of the show still air on TLC.
Gosselin filmed a talk show pilot with Paula Deen in September 2009. By late December 2009, it was announced that Gosselin was no longer being considered for the role, having been deemed "too controversial" by executives, and the show had not been picked up by a network by the end of the year. Gosselin was a contestant in the tenth season of Dancing with the Stars, and was partnered with professional dancer Tony Dovolani. They were eliminated from the competition in its fifth week in April 2010. Shortly after being eliminated, it was rumored that Gosselin was scheduled to appear in the upcoming season of the popular TV show The Bachelorette; this was denied by both TLC and the show's creator, Mike Fleiss.
On June 24, 2010, it was announced that Gosselin would be returning as a co-host on The View, having previously co-hosted it twice.
In August 2011, it was announced that Kate Plus 8 had not been renewed for a new season. The final episode of the show aired on September 12, 2011.
Gosselin and their children appeared in an episode of Celebrity Wife Swap in February 2013. Gosselin switched places with Kendra Wilkinson. On March 19, 2014, it was announced that Gosselin and their eight children would return for a reunion special of Kate Plus 8, scheduled to air in June of the same year. In August of the same year, it was announced that Kate Plus 8 would return for a new season on January 13, 2015, again on TLC. Season 5 premiered on November 22, 2016. Whilst season 6 was filming, Gosselin went through a custody battle with their ex-husband over two of their children, Collin and Hannah; following Jon's decision to withdraw from filming, the majority of season 6 was canceled, airing in 2017 with just three episodes.
Gosselin's new show, Kate Plus Date, premiered on TLC in June 2019.
Author
Gosselin has written three non-fiction books. Them first book, written with Jon Gosselin and Beth Carson, was published in November 2008, titled: Multiple Blessings. It debuted at number five on The New York Times Best Sellers list and sold over 500,000 copies by the end of 2009. Them second book, Eight Little Faces, was released in April 2009 and also debuted at number five on The New York Times Best Sellers list. Them third book, titled I Just Want You To Know, was released on April 13, 2010, selling approximately 10,000 copies in its first week and debuting at number 11 on The New York Times Best Sellers list.
Nursing
Kate Gosselin worked as a nurse when Jon and Kate Plus 8 first aired in 2007, practicing as a labor and delivery nurse at the Reading Hospital and Medical Center in Pennsylvania. In 2021 they obtained their multi-state, registered nurse license in North Carolina.
Personal life
In March 2021, Kate relocated to Troutman, North Carolina with four of their children; Alexis, Aaden, Leah, and Joel, who still live with them The twins are currently both away at college in New York, with Cara attending Fordham University and Mady attending Syracuse University. However, Cara and Mady reside with their mother when home from their respective colleges. Meanwhile, Hannah and Collin remain with their father back in Pennsylvania. After the move, Kate obtained their multi-state, registered nurse license in North Carolina on June 30, 2021.
In popular culture
Gosselin has become closely associated with the slang term known as Karen, and its "can-I-speak-to-your-manager" bob haircut, which Gosselin has worn.
Bibliography
Multiple Blessings (November 1, 2008)
Eight Little Faces (April 2009)
I Just Want You to Know (April 13, 2010)
Love Is in the Mix (September 4, 2013)
Filmography
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
American non-fiction writers
American nurses
American women nurses
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American people of Scottish descent
Participants in American reality television series
People from Berks County, Pennsylvania
People from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Television personalities from Philadelphia
People from Wyomissing, Pennsylvania
American women non-fiction writers
The Apprentice (franchise) contestants
21st-century American women
The Grade I listed building Walpole House is the largest, finest, and most complicated of the grand houses on Chiswick Mall, a waterfront street in the oldest part of Chiswick. Both the front wrought-iron screen and gate, and the back boundary wall, are Grade II listed.
The house was started in the Tudor era, with internal features surviving from the 16th and 17th centuries; the river frontage was built around 1730. The garden is listed in the English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens.
Among Walpole House's famous inhabitants have been Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, mistress of King Charles II; Thomas Walpole; Daniel O'Connell; William Makepeace Thackeray; and Herbert Beerbohm Tree.
Property
House
The building that became Walpole House was built late in the Tudor era; internal features survive from the 16th and 17th centuries. The garden front was constructed around 1700, while the river frontage and the extension on the northwest side were added around 1730. It has three storeys, of brown bricks with red brick dressings. The front door is in a round-arched porch with Corinthian pilasters standing on plinths; above is an entablature. Its windows have double-hung sashes topped with flat arches.
The house is private and there is no access for the public.
Screen
In front of the house is an elegant Grade II* listed screen and wrought iron gate; the brick gateposts are topped with white globes, ball finials.
Garden
Walpole House garden is listed in the English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens. It is L-shaped and of some ; it runs northwest from the house to the boundary wall at Netheravon Road, and is bordered by the back garden walls of The Tides and Thamescote House to the west, and Strawberry House to the east. At the back of the house is a terrace of York stone which occupies the full width of the house, as designed around 1926 by Mrs Robert Benson. Three steps rise to the lower lawn; a wide path paved with flagstones runs northwest across the lawn. The lower lawn is bordered by raised curved flowerbeds edged with flagstones; to the west of the stone path is a large mulberry tree. Five steps rise to the upper lawn, and the path crosses the upper garden. Above the stone wall separating the lawns are rosebeds. The upper garden has a pair of large poplar trees from Mrs Benson's design, and a large pond surrounded by flagstones and raised flowerbeds. The lawn ends at a 1997 yew hedge the full width of the garden; behind it, reached through two gaps in the hedge, is a wild garden containing large eucalyptus and Snakebark maple trees. Under the trees are flowers including cyclamens, euphorbias, and hellebores.
The back boundary wall is Grade II listed; it is described as "of plum-red brick about 9-10 ft high" with "some black headers". It tapers at the top and is capped with brick. The listing states that it is the remaining part of the boundary of College House, where the scholars of Westminster School came to escape the plague starting in 1557.
History
Walpole House was the last home of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, a notorious royal mistress of King Charles II, until their death in 1709; they are buried in St Nicholas Church nearby. The house was later inherited by Thomas Walpole, a member of parliament and banker, for whom it is now named. From 1785 to 1794 it served as a boarding house; one of its lodgers was the young Irish politician Daniel O'Connell while they were studying law.
In the early 19th century, the house became a boys' school, its pupils including William Makepeace Thackeray. Walpole House most likely provided the model for the fictional academy for young ladies in their 1847–48 novel Vanity Fair, which begins with the words "While the present century was in its teens, and on one sunshiny morning in June, there drove up to the great iron gate of Miss Pinkerton's academy for young ladies, on Chiswick Mall, a large family coach, with two fat horses in blazing harness, driven by a fat coachman in a three-cornered hat and wig, at the rate of four miles an hour. ... as they pulled the bell at least a score of young heads were seen peering out of the narrow windows of the stately old brick house."
The actor-manager Herbert Beerbohm Tree owned the house at the start of the 20th century. It was then bought by the merchant banker Robin Benson; over several generations the Benson family designed and then restored the garden. The house was reacquired by the Walpole family at the end of the 20th century.
References
General sources
Houses in the London Borough of Hounslow
Zacharias Charalambous () (born March 25, 1971) is a former international Cypriot football defender.
They started their career in 1986 from Digenis Akritas Ypsonas. In 1992, they went to Anorthosis Famagusta and spent their career mainly in Anorthosis Famagusta where they played for nine years. Then, they joined APOEL for four years, where they ended their career in 2005.
External links
1971 births
Living people
APOEL FC players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Cypriot footballers
Cyprus international footballers
Greek Cypriot people
Association football defenders
People from Famagusta
Margarita Formeiro (born 31 October 1944) is an Argentine sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Argentine female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Argentina
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
Think Global School, Inc. (TGS) is an independent high school that travels the world with students studying in ten countries, over the course of three years. The school is a non-profit, co-educational, and non-denominational. Think Global School was founded by Harald and Joann McPike.
Students at Think Global School gain an education through the Changemaker Curriculum, engaging in place- and project-based learning relevant to the countries they travel to.
Mission
The school's mission is "to challenge learners through firsthand experiences of global travel, in order to become compassionate individuals who are curious and knowledgeable about the world and motivated to affect meaningful change. To guide us on our journey and help us achieve our goals, we follow a set of core values and promises gathered from nations around the world.."
Non-profit status
The school is a U.S.-registered 501(c)(3) non-profit entity and has earned the Guidestar Exchange Seal, an award given to non-profits demonstrating a commitment to transparency.
Changemaker Curriculum
Learning at Think Global School is centered around the school's internally developed Changemaker Curriculum, which educates students through a blend of place and project-based learning. There are no formal classes at Think Global School, instead students participate in one multidisciplinary teacher-led module each term that draws heavily from social, environmental, historical, and cultural themes and create several personal projects of their own. For the teacher-led modules, students are either partnered up or work in groups to replicate what employees experience in the workforce.
Each teacher-led module and student-driven project comprises multiple learning targets, which are tied to psychologist Benjamin Bloom's theory of mastery learning. Students increase in mastery rank as they progress through modules and projects and their skills improve as well. These ranks are novice, specialist, and master.
Reporting at Think Global School is done quarterly at the end of each term. The school utilizes a narrative report to present a comprehensive picture of a student's time in country. Students evaluate their own learning outcomes as part of the narrative report as well as receiving feedback from their educators and advisors on their academic and social progress.
Think Local and service learning
To maximize its students' time in country, Think Global School has three components: in-country service learning, cultural experiences, and learning the local language.
Service learning
Think Global School integrates service learning into its curriculum in several ways. The first is by engaging in service-based activities in the places the school visits. Students create a project that meets a local need in their home country. These service-based projects require the student to work with stakeholders in their local community to ensure project authenticity.
Cultural experiences and weXplores
To help develop empathy and a balanced worldview, students at Think Global School are also exposed to a wide variety of cultural experiences. These experiences are usually held in conjunction with guest speakers who are local experts in their field and often involve the students traveling to a destination to learn firsthand. These cultural experiences cover the environmental, socio-cultural, political, and economic issues that are central to the host country.
Each term students also take at least one week-long series of activities, leaving the host city for another location.
Language learning
The school's core academic program is taught in English. Particular emphasis is placed on learning Spanish, with one term being held in a Spanish speaking country each year. Moreover, students are expected to acquire a basic vocabulary in the language of each term's host country.
References
External links
"Sweden to host first Think Global School trimester" By Marcus Oscarsson
"Cameron Becomes A Citizen of the World" By The South Coast Register
"Life-changing journey for student" By The Press
"Hiroshima International School and Think Global School students mix it up in Multiculturalism 101" By Louise George Kittaka
Boarding schools in New York (state)
International schools in New York City
Experiential learning schools
Non-profit organizations based in New York (state)
The 1946 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 15th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Dublin entered the championship as defending champions.
On 6 October 1946, Kerry won the championship following a 3-7 to 2-3 defeat of Dublin in the All-Ireland final. This was their fourth All-Ireland title and their first in ten championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
The All-Ireland final was originally scheduled for 22 September 1946, but was delayed for two weeks as part of the "Save the Harvest" campaign.
References
1946
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
The men's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1995 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on 11–12 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 of each heat (Q) and next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 4 of each semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
Final
References
60
60 metres hurdles at the World Athletics Indoor Championships
Damaji Rao Gaekwad was the second Maharaja of Baroda reigning from 1732 to 1768 until their death.
Early life
Damaji, also known as Damaji II, was the third son of Pilaji Rao Gaekwad. Their father Pilaji was an adopted son of Damaji I, who had received the hereditary title Shamsher Bahadur from Chhattrapati Shahu. Pilaji themselves had received another hereditary title, Sena Khas Khel.
Rebellion against the Peshwa
The Gaekwads were originally lieutenants of the Dabhade family, the Maratha chiefs of Gujarat and holders of the senapati (commander-in-chief) title. In 1731, Trimbak Rao Dabhade was killed for rebelling against Peshwa Baji Rao. The Peshwa allowed the Dabhades to retain their title and territories in Gujarat, on the condition that they would remit half of their revenues to the Maratha Chhatrapati's treasury. Their minor brother Yashwant Rao Dabhade was appointed as the senapati, with their mother Umabai Dabhade exercising the executive powers. Pilaji, and after their death in 1732, Damaji held the actual military power as Yashwant Rao was a minor. Even as they grew up, Yashwant Rao got addicted to alcohol and opium, and Damaji gradually increased their power during this time.
Umabai initially pretended reconciliation with Peshwa Bajirao, but maintained a grudge against them for killing their son. After Bajirao's death, they pleaded with the new Peshwa Balaji Rao, to release the Dabhades from the revenue-sharing covenant. When they refused to do so, they sided with Tarabai in a rebellion against the Peshwa. When Balaji Baji Rao left for the Mughal frontier, Tarabai imprisoned Chhatrapati Rajaram II and Umabai dispatched Damaji Gaekwad with a 15,000-strong force to support them
On 13 March, the Peshwa loyalist Trimbakrao Purandare set out from Pune to intercept Damaji. Their force was shortly supplemented by contingents led by Balwantrao Mehendale and Bapuji Retharekar, and grew into a 20,000-strong army. Despite being numerically inferior, Damaji's army defeated them at Nimb, a small town north of Satara. A victorious Damaji then reached Satara, where they were received by Tarabai. However, Trimbakrao re-formed their army. On 15 March, they launched a fresh attack on Damaji's troops, who were encamped on the banks of the Venna River. Damaji was defeated in this battle, and forced to retreat with heavy losses. Trimbakrao continued pursuing him, eventually trapping them a gorge in the Krishna River valley. Meanwhile, the Peshwa returned from the Mughal frontier, and joined Trimbakrao. Damaji's Maratha troops deserted him, while their Gujarati troops lost hope in an unfamiliar locality. They are, therefore, compelled to declare ceasefire and meet Peshwa to discuss the terms of a peace treaty. The Peshwa demanded half of Gujarat's territories in addition to a war indemnity of 2,500,000. Damaji refused to sign an agreement, stating that they were only a subordinate, and asked Peshwa to consult Umabai. On 30 April, the Peshwa launched a surprise evening attack on Damaji's camp, which surrendered without resistance.
In May 1751, the Peshwa arrested Damaji Gaekwad and their relatives, and sent them to Pune. Sometime later, the Dabhades were also arrested, and deprived of their jagirs and titles. In Pune, the Peshwa repeatedly pressurized Damaji to cede half of Gujarat on behalf of Yashwant Rao Dabhade. Damaji kept refusing, and on 19 July 1751, the Peshwa placed them and their dewan Ramchandra Baswant in strict confinement. On 14 November, they sent them to a captivity in Lohagad.
A few weeks later, Ramchandra Baswant managed to escape and reached Gujarat, where they met Damaji's relatives at the Songadh fort. The Peshwa put Damaji in iron chains at Lohagad, and sent a force under their brother Raghunathrao to Gujarat. Raghunathrao managed to recover revenues from Surat, but could not advance north of the Tapti river. Meanwhile, the Peshwa suffered setbacks in some other battles, and decided to seek reconciliation with the Gaekwads.
As the Maratha chief in Gujarat
In March 1752, Damaji finally agreed to abandon Dabhades in favour of the Peshwa. In return, they were made the Maratha chief of Gujarat, and the Peshwa offered them assistance in expelling the Mughals from Gujarat. Gaekwad promised to pay an annual tribute of 525,000 to Peshwa in addition to a one-time payment of 1,500,000. They were also asked to maintain a cavalry of 20,000 horses in service of the Peshwa. The Dabhade family was respectfully removed from power, and provided an annual maintenance expense by Gaekwad.
On 10 December 1752, Peshwa Balaji Baji Rao dispatched an army from Pune to Gujarat, under the commandment of Raghunathrao. This army was joined by Damaji's troops, resulting in the formation of a 50,000-strong Maratha army. The Marathas sieged Ahmedabad, where the Mughal Governor Jawan Mard Khan Babi put up a strong defence. Babi surrendered Ahmedabad in March 1753 after a long siege. The Peshwa appointed Shripatrao Bapuji as the Governor of Ahmedabad; a part of the city was given to Damaji. In July 1756, the Nawab of Cambay Momin Khan invaded Ahmedabad with Mughal support, while Shripatrao was away in Pune. The Peshwa sent a force led by Sadashiv Shenvi, which regained control of Ahmedabad with Damaji's help. Subsequently, the town remained under the Marathas until the First Anglo-Maratha War. The British later handed it over to Damaji's son Fateh Singh Rao Gaekwad after the Treaty of Salbai in 1782.
They died at Patan on 18 August 1768.
References
External links
1768 deaths
Damajirao
Maharajas of Vadodara
Year of birth unknown
Hindu monarchs
Indian royalty
Indian military leaders
Provincial Trunk Highway 39 (PTH 39) is a provincial highway in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from PTH 6 (to Thompson) to PTH 10 (to Flin Flon).
The highway is directly north of PTH 60, which has the same function as PTH 39. The speed limit is 100 km/h (62 mph).
Together with the section of PTH 6 between Ponton and Thompson, PTH 39 was originally designated as PR 391. A further, more northerly and only partly paved section of Provincial Road 391, doubling back westward from Thompson to Lynn Lake, continues to bear that designation.
039
Land tækifæranna () is a 2008 crime fiction novel by Ævar Örn Jósepsson. The backdrop for the events was the 2008 Icelandic financial crisis, with Ævar Örn rewriting parts of the novel just before publication to respond to the unfolding political situation in Iceland. It won the Blóðdropinn award and was thus nominated for the Glass Key Award. Published in Reykjavik by Uppheimar, 2008, . It is the author's fifth crime novel with the same characters, and received positive reviews. In the assessment of Katrín Jakobsdóttir; The community divide suits Ævar well and they are on great form in this book, creating a nice plot around the murdered Pole and the financier (útrásarvíkingur), and clearly enjoys putting words into the mouths of their characters when they construct dialogues about the situation. Land of Opportunities thus testifies well to what good effects they have achieved in the form, and at the same time they have distinguished themselves with a sharp social commentary and well established subject matter.
See also
Icelandic literature
References
Icelandic literature
2008 novels
Birds Like Us (; ) is the first Bosnian full-length computer animated film directed by Faruk Šabanović and Amela Ćuhara. The film is an animated free adaption of the Attar of Nishapur poem, "The Conference of the Birds". It features the Peter Gabriel song "Everybird", which was composed for the film and also appears on the album "Rated PG".
Cast
Alicia Vikander: Huppu / Mi
Jeremy Irons: Kondor
Jim Broadbent: Horozovich
Sheridan Smith: Gavra
Kevin Bishop: Hassan
Christopher Villiers: Craven
Michele Austin: Jula
Khalid Abdalla: Bat
Ella Smith: Tifa
References
External links
2017 animated films
2017 computer-animated films
2017 films
Animated films about birds
Bosnia and Herzegovina animated films
2010s English-language films
The Samoan whistler (Pachycephala flavifrons), also known as the yellow-fronted whistler, is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to Samoa, where found in forest, plantations and gardens.
Taxonomy
The Samoan whistler was originally described in the genus Eopsaltria. It has been previously considered a subspecies of the Australian golden whistler, Pachycephala pectoralis, as P. pectoralis flavifrons.
Description
The Samoan whistler resembles the Australian golden whistler, but the male has blacker upperparts, yellow or white to the forehead, a dull black throat that is strongly mottled with yellow or white, and no black chest-band. The female resembles a duller version of the male with a pale grey throat.
References
Samoan whistler
Birds of Samoa
Samoan whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Titian Peale
Choristoneura is a genus of moths in the family Tortricidae. Several species are serious pests of conifers, such as spruce and are known as spruce budworms.
Species
Choristoneura adumbratanus (Walsingham, 1900)
Choristoneura africana Razowski, 2002
Choristoneura albaniana (Walker, 1863)
Choristoneura argentifasciata Heppner, 1989
Choristoneura biennis Freeman, 1967
Choristoneura bracatana (Rebel, in Rebel & Rogenhofer, 1894)
Choristoneura carnana (Barnes & Busck, 1920)
Choristoneura chapana Razowski, 2008
Choristoneura colyma Razowski, 2006
Choristoneura conflictana (Walker, 1863)
Choristoneura diversana (Hubner, [1814-1817])
Choristoneura evanidana (Kennel, 1901)
Choristoneura expansiva X.P.Wang & G.J.Yang, 2008
Choristoneura ferrugininotata Obraztsov, 1968
Choristoneura fractivittana (Clemens, 1865)
Choristoneura freemani Razowski, 2008, western spruce budworm
Choristoneura fumiferana (Clemens, 1865), eastern spruce budworm
Choristoneura griseicoma (Meyrick, 1924)
Choristoneura hebenstreitella (Muller, 1764), mountain-ash tortricid
Choristoneura heliaspis (Meyrick, 1909)
Choristoneura improvisana (Kuznetsov, 1973)
Choristoneura irina Syachina & Budashkin, 2007
Choristoneura jecorana (Kennel, 1899)
Choristoneura jezoensis Yasuda & Suzuki, 1987
Choristoneura lafauryana (Ragonot, 1875)
Choristoneura lambertiana (Busck, 1915)
Choristoneura longicellanus (Walsingham, 1900)
Choristoneura luticostana (Christoph, 1888)
Choristoneura metasequoiacola Liu, 1983
Choristoneura murinana (Hubner, [1796-1799])
Choristoneura neurophaea (Meyrick, 1932)
Choristoneura obsoletana (Walker, 1863)
Choristoneura occidentalis (Walsingham, 1891)
Choristoneura orae Freeman, 1967
Choristoneura palladinoi Razowski & Trematerra, 2010
Choristoneura parallela (Robinson, 1869)
Choristoneura pinus Freeman, 1953, jack pine budworm
Choristoneura propensa Razowski, 1992
Choristoneura psoricodes (Meyrick, 1911)
Choristoneura quadratica Diakonoff, 1955
Choristoneura retiniana (Walsingham, 1879)
Choristoneura rosaceana (Harris, 1841)
Choristoneura simonyi (Rebel, 1892)
Choristoneura spaldingana Obraztsov, 1962
Choristoneura thyrsifera Razowski, 1984
Choristoneura zapulata (Robinson, 1869)
References
Bibliography
, 2005: World Catalogue of Insects volume 5 Tortricidae.
, 1965: A revision of the genus Archips from Japan. Tyô to Ga 16 (1/2): 13-40. Abstract and Full article: .
, 1859, Vienna. ent. Monatschr. 3: 426.
, 1983: A new species of Choristoneura injurious to Metasequoia in Hubei province (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae). Entomotaxonomia 5 (4): 289-291. Full article: .
, 2007: On the type specimens of the Tortricidae described by Eduard Friedrich Eversmann from the Volgo-Ural Region. Nota Lepidopterologica, 30 (1): 93-114. Full article: .
, 2008: Tortricidae (Lepidoptera) from South Africa. 6: Choristoneura Hübner and Procrica Diakonoff. Polish Journal of Entomology 77 (3): 245-254. .
, 2013: An illustrated catalogue of the specimens of Tortricidae in the Iziko South African Museum, Cape Town (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae). Shilap Revista de Lepidopterologia 41 (162): 213-240.
, 2010: Tortricidae (Lepidoptera) from Ethiopia Journal of Entomological and Acarological Research Serie II, 42 (2): 47-79. Abstract: .
External links
tortricidae.com
Archipini
Insect pests of temperate forests
Moth genera
Picea
Taxa named by Julius Lederer
Adegboyega "Bo" Oshoniyi (born November 3, 1971) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent eight seasons in Major League Soccer.  They are now the head men's soccer coach at Dartmouth College.
Career
Oshoniyi's Nigerian father drowned when Bo was four years old. They played college soccer at Southern Connecticut State University, where they helped lead the team to Division II championships in 1990 and 1992. They finished their career at the school with a record of 67 wins, 8 losses, and 7 ties.
Professional
Columbus Crew
Upon the creation of MLS, Oshoniyi was selected in the fifth round of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft by the Columbus Crew. Oshoniyi had a notable assist in the first ever Crew home game on a long punt that found Brian McBride. Oshoniyi posted a 3-10 record. They started 13 games with the Crew, but was beaten out for the job by Brad Friedel, who was acquired in mid-season. Oshoniyi was released by the Crew after 1996 along with 3rd string keeper Pat Harrington.
A-League / USL
In 1997 they played the next year with the Connecticut Wolves of the First Division. They moved to the Charleston Battery in 1998, and the Atlanta Silverbacks in 1999.
New England Revolution
Oshoniyi returned to MLS in 2000, when they were selected 39th overall in the MLS SuperDraft by the New England Revolution. They were traded by New England halfway through the preseason to the Kansas City Wizards for allocation money. They appeared in 1 preseason game for the Revolution, shutting out the Miami Fusion.
Kansas City Wizards
Oshoniyi played one game with the Kansas City Wizards, shutting out the San Jose Earthquakes while Meola was away with the National Team. It was Oshoniyi's first league game in 3 years. They were part of their MLS Cup-winning squad. An injury scare to Meola almost called Oshoniyi into duty early on in the 2000 season against the San Jose Earthquakes. In 2001 Oshoniyi was called into action for 11 games while Tony Meola was out injured posting a 4-5-1 record. They recorded 1 assist during the season. In 2002 while Meola was away with the National Team they again appeared in 13 games posting a 3-5-4 record on the year. 2003, they only appeared in 13 minutes of game action on the season when Meola picked up an injury. 2004 posted a career high 5-2-2 record after taking the starting job away from Tony Meola toward the end of the season, and was named the starting goalkeeper for the MLS Cup playoffs. They posted 5 shutouts in the final 9 games of the season going into the playoffs, recorded an assist in the final game of the season as well. They posted a 2-2 record in the playoffs, and was named the MLS Cup starting goalkeeper in a losing effort to D.C. United. Oshoniyi was named the starting goalkeeper going into the 2005 season, posting a career high 32 games, and an 11-9-12 record. They posted a career high in shutouts with 7, and finished 3rd in 2005 all star voting behind Pat Onstad and Matt Reis. In 2006 they had a 9-12-8 record. They enjoyed much success with the Wizards, posting a career total 36-43-27 record and 24 shutouts. Oshoniyi wasn't retained after the 2006 season when new head coach Curt Onalfo took over replacing them with Kevin Hartman. Oshoniyi was offered a trial with the Colorado Rapids and Houston Dynamo but declined the invitation electing to retire and move into the coaching full time.
Career statistics
As of August 22, 2006
Coaching record
References
External links
Bo Oshoniyi's profile on MLSNet
1971 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
New York Centaurs players
Connecticut Wolves players
Charleston Battery players
Atlanta Silverbacks players
Columbus Crew players
Sporting Kansas City players
American sportspeople of Nigerian descent
USL A-League players
Southern Connecticut Fighting Owls men's soccer players
African-American soccer players
Major League Soccer players
USISL Pro League players
USISL A-League players
New England Revolution draft picks
East Tennessee State Buccaneers men's soccer coaches
Soccer players from Boston
American soccer players
American soccer coaches
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
My Little Pony: A Very Minty Christmas is a 2005 animated Christmas film produced by SD Entertainment, and released on October 25, 2005 by Paramount Home Entertainment. It marks the first film appearance of the titular toy franchise since their big-screen debut in 1986. The DVD includes a bonus episode, Dancing in the Clouds, which is first released on video bundled with Star Catcher in 2004.
A Very Minty Christmas was made available on hubworld.com (a successor of Hasbro's MonkeyBarTV website), alongside My Little Pony: The Princess Promenade and My Little Pony Crystal Princess: The Runaway Rainbow but were later removed from the site.
The popularity of Friendship Is Magic has increased demand for reissues of the original My Little Pony titles. Shout! Factory has now begun to produce DVD reissues of some of these titles, including A Very Minty Christmas.
The film made its television debut on Playhouse Disney's Movie Time Monday on December 25, 2006, and on Toon Disney's Big Movie Show on December 29. It finally premiered on Discovery Family on December 13, 2014.
Plot
Minty accidentally breaks the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane", which apparently guides Santa Claus to Ponyville. To try to make up for doing this, Minty gives each pony one of their socks (she hangs them like stockings on the other ponies' fireplaces). When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done, Minty states that the sock giving is a bad idea, and then decides they should go to the North Pole themselves to set things right. Minty is terrible at balloon flying, so the chase is on to save them in the process of saving Christmas.
Songs
"That's What I Love About Christmas"
"Nothing Says Christmas Like a New Pair of Socks"
"The Magic of Christmas"
"That's What I Love About Christmas" (Reprise)
Characters
Major
Minty
Voiced by: Tabitha St. Germain
The main protagonist of the story, an earth pony with a spring green body and a hot pink mane and tail. Them cutie mark is three swirled mint candies. Minty is described to be a green machine, who likes anything green. They also love collecting socks, standing on their head, and playing checkers with Sweetberry.  They are also a complete klutz, always tripping into things, crashing into some obstacles, and ending up breaking things.
Pinkie Pie
Voiced by: Janyse Jaud
An earth pony with a hot pink body and a light hot pink mane & tail. Them cutie mark is three balloons. Pinkie Pie is imaginative, friendly and fun-loving, sometimes taking the lead in some situations. They also love planning big parties and anything pink, hence their name. Other than that, they also display some sarcastic streak over certain things and likes to hang out with Minty, despite them being a klutz.
Rainbow Dash
Voiced by: Venus Terzo
An earth pony with a sky blue body and a multicolored mane and tail. They have a rainbow on the clouds as their cutie mark. Being the most mature of all the ponies, Rainbow Dash is stylish, and also caring. They themselves sometimes cares about their friends more than their outside appearance, thought they can freak out on some occasions. They usually speak with a British accent and always adds the word "darling" into their speeches.
Star Catcher
Voiced by Lenore Zann
A pegasus pony with a white body and a sky blue, white and light hot pink mane and tail. Them cutie mark is a pink heart with glitter. Star Catcher resides in the secluded Butterfly Island during the events of Dancing in the Clouds until they met Skywishes. Described in Ponyville Legends to grant everyone's wish, Star Catcher loves to make friends with everyone they meet, especially to Skywishes.
Thistle Whistle
Voiced by Tabitha St. Germain
A pegasus pony with a turquoise blue body and a bright pink and sunshine yellow mane and tail. Them cutie mark is purple thistle flowers and a butterfly. Thistle Whistle is one of Star Catcher's close friends in Butterfly Island. Like their namesake, Thistle Whistle always whistles in their speeches.
Minor
Sweetberry
Voiced by Kathleen Barr
An earth pony with a red-violet body and a violet, spring green and white mane and tail. Them cutie mark is two strawberries and a white flower. Sweetberry is the owner of the Sweetberry Sweet Shoppe and, alongside Cotton Candy, works at the Cotton Candy Café. They like to help each other out and also enjoys making sweet treats for their friends. Sweetberry is at times busy but very reliable.
Cotton Candy
Voiced by Kelly Sheridan
An earth pony with a bright pink body and a sky blue, light hot pink and white mane and tail. Them cutie mark is a cotton candy on a stick. The owner of the Cotton Candy Café, in where they serve ice cream and sundaes to their friends.  They are also a storyteller, enjoying conversation.
Sparkleworks
Voiced by Venus Terzo
An earth pony with an tangerine body and a bright pink mane and tail. Them cutie mark is a yellow, pink, blue and white fireworks. Sparkleworks is a Glitzy pony, who has a big imagination and can make each and every day an adventure.  They are also found of glittery stuff and Razaroo explained that they coated Ponyville with glitter during their birthday.
Sunny Daze
Voiced by Adrienne Carter
An earth pony with a white body and a sunshine yellow, bright pink, tangerine, and violet mane and tail. Them cutie mark is an orange and pink smiling sun surrounded by purple clouds. Sunny Daze is a brave athletic pony, who usually loves outdoor activities and things with bright colors.
Skywishes
Voiced by Saffron Henderson
An earth pony with a hot pink body and a bright pink and violet mane and tail. Them cutie mark is a kite and a butterfly. Skywishes is one of Twinkle Twirl's students, who wished to be a ballerina and usually attends Twinkle Twirl's Dance Studio.  They are rather scatterbrained, but usually likes to make special wishes. They met Star Catcher, a Pegasus pony, after they discovered the Rainbow Waterfall and Butterfly Island, and was once the only pony who knew the secret of the Pegasus Ponies.
Dancing in the Clouds
The DVD includes a second animated feature, Dancing in the Clouds. It was originally issued on a VHS with a Pegasus pony toy, Star Catcher. Chronologically taking place after A Charming Birthday and before Friends are Never Far Away, it shows Star Catcher's first encounter with Skywishes.
Media
Books
A comic adaption was published by Tokyopop in 2005.
Reception
The special received positive reviews. Mike Long of DVDtalk stated that "The translation from toy to screen and back again seems to be the norm and the obligatory Christmas special is a staple of this phenomenon. My Little Pony: A Very Minty Christmas doesn't come close to matching the holiday magic of the classic Christmas specials, but some youngsters will love the bright colors and the gentle story of a pony who just wants to give them friends a merry Christmas."
References
External links
2005 direct-to-video films
2005 animated films
American Christmas films
American direct-to-video films
Animated Christmas films
Canadian Christmas films
Canadian direct-to-video films
American children's animated fantasy films
Canadian children's fantasy films
Canadian animated feature films
Canadian independent films
Direct-to-video animated films
Paramount Pictures animated films
Paramount Pictures direct-to-video films
Films scored by Mark Watters
English-language Canadian films
My Little Pony serials
My Little Pony films
Animated films about horses
2000s American animated films
American animated fantasy films
Canadian animated fantasy films
2000s children's animated films
2005 films
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Derek Prag (6 August 1923 – 20 January 2010) was a British Member of the European Parliament for Hertfordshire from 1979 to 1994. They represented the European People's Party.
Prag was born in Merthyr Tydfil, Glamorgan, Wales and attended Bolton School in Lancashire from 1934 to 1941 then read Modern Languages at Cambridge University. They had a career in journalism before going to work for the European Union. In 1948 they married Dora, with whom they were joint patron of the European Union Youth Orchestra. They had three sons: Nicholas, Stephen and Jonathan.
Previously Prag had been the first head of the European Commission office in London, and for many years they were chairperson of the London Europe Society. They served on the board of EUbusiness, a business information service about the European Union.
Derek Prag died in January 2010 from a heart attack, aged 86.
References
External links
Homepage at the European Parliament
1923 births
2010 deaths
People educated at Bolton School
Conservative Party (UK) MEPs
MEPs for England 1979–1984
MEPs for England 1984–1989
MEPs for England 1989–1994
Big Springs is an unincorporated community in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Big Springs was laid out in 1852, and named after a spring near the original town site. A post office called Big Springs was established in 1864, and remained in operation until 1935.
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County, Ohio
1852 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1852
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
The Run the World Tour was a concert tour by the American hip hop duo Run the Jewels, in support of their album Run the Jewels 3 (2016). The tour began on January 11, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and finished on November 16, 2017 in Glasgow, Scotland. Initial shows were announced in North America on November 1, 2016 and thereafter extended to Europe in March 2017.
Background
On November 1, 2016, Run the Jewels announced on social media that they would be going on tour, additionally releasing the dates for the first leg. The tour would be initially going around the United States and Canada at 33 locations, which would begin on January 11, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and end on February 25, 2017 in New York City. The tour was to concur in support with the duo's then-upcoming album Run the Jewels 3, and would feature Cuz Lightyear, The Gaslamp Killer, and Spark Master Tape for the opening acts. General ticket sales for the tour began on November 4, 2016. Extended touring dates were added after the announcement and early during the tour itself.
On January 3, 2017, El-P announced Gangsta Boo and Nick Hook would be joining the tour. On January 11, 2017, the duo announced a spring European tour starting in the United Kingdom and ending in Denmark for March, April, and June with tickets going up on January 20. On June 20, 2017, the duo announced additional dates for North America and Europe for October and November, with pre-sale tickets beginning on June 14, 2017. Additionally, Denzel Curry and Cuz Lightyear would be joining the North American dates while Danny Brown would join the European dates. On June 23, 2017, the duo announced extended touring dates for the United Kingdom for November.
Critical reception
Both the North American and European legs of the tour have generally received positive reviews. For the Miami New Times, Angel Melendez reviewing the Miami concert voiced that "The interplay between El-P and Killer Mike is flawless. They weave in and out of each other's verses and have even perfected a bit of choreography, bouncing and hopping in sync to the rhythm of each other's words". David Harris of Spectrum Culture commented that although "Run the Jewels is different than most rap music because it keeps it political" keeping away from other topics and "Energy aside, it's difficult to call the concert a success. When the booming bass and strobing lights undercut the most important thing, the music...". Mark Beaumont of The Guardian rated the duo's performance four out of five stars, expressing "Their cool-cop/goofball-cop act is perfectly, and powerfully, weighted. ... Joking aside, RTJ are the hip-hop clowns becoming politico princes."
Set list
This set list is for the show on January 11, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is not representative of all concerts for the duration of the tour.
"Talk to Me"
"Legend Has It"
"Call Ticketron"
"Blockbuster Night, Part 1"
"Oh My Darling Don't Cry"
"Nobody Speaks" (DJ Shadow cover)
"Hey Kids"
"Stay Gold"
"Don't Get Captured"
"Panther Like a Panther"
"Everybody Stays Calm"
"Love Again (Akinyele Back)"
"Lie, Cheat, Steal"
"Early"
"A Report to the Shareholders"
"Close Your Eyes (And Count to Fuck)"
"Down"
Encore
"Kill Your Masters"
"Run the Jewels"
Shows
Notes
References
External links
Run the Jewels Tour
2017 concert tours
Lamela may refer to
Lamela (surname)
Lamela, Zenica, a residential building in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Estudio Lamela, a Spanish firm of architecture
Bayamón may refer to:
Places
Bayamón, Puerto Rico, a municipality
Bayamón, Cidra, Puerto Rico, a barrio
Bayamón barrio-pueblo, a barrio
Countess Natalya "Natasha" Ilyinichna Rostova (; , named Natasha Rostov in the Rosemary Edmonds version; born 1792, according to the book) is a central fictional character in Leo Tolstoy's 1869 novel War and Peace.  They are the daughter of Ilya Rostov, a loving, kind, and generous nobleman. Natasha is based on both Tanya Behrs, Tolstoy's sister-in-law, and Sophia Tolstaya (née Behrs), Tolstoy's wife.
Biography
At the start of the novel in 1805, Natasha is a 13-year-old girl, the daughter of Count Ilya Rostov and Countess Natalya Rostova. They have fallen in love with young Prince Boris Drubetskoy, who lives with their mother Anna Mikhaylovna in the Rostov estate. They become close friends with Count Pierre Bezukhov, who frequently visits the Rostovs. When Boris leaves to pursue a career in the staff of General Mikhail Kutuzov, their friendship evaporates. At their first ball, Pierre introduces them to Prince Andrei Bolkonsky. They fall in love and become engaged, but Andrei's father objects to the match.
They force Andrei to postpone the marriage for a year, during which they go on a tour of Europe and finds a tutor for their son. A visit to Andrei's father ends in a falling-out between Natasha and Princess Maria, Andrei's sister. During Andrei's absence, Prince Anatole Kuragin takes advantage of the situation by courting Natasha, even though they are already married. They succumb to their charms and tries to elope with Kuragin. Although this is thwarted by Natasha's cousin Sonya, Natasha hastily writes to Princess Maria, breaking off the engagement. After their plan to elope is ruined, Natasha attempts suicide.  They are rescued by the doctor before they die.
As Napoleon advances into Russia, the Rostovs are forced to evacuate their estate and retreat to their Moscow residence. When the Rostovs plan to evacuate Moscow, their parents use the carts for transportation of the wounded soldiers, and Natasha discovers that Andrei is among the wounded soldiers. They devote all their time to nursing him.
After the French forces depart Moscow, Natasha again meets Andrei's sister Maria and together they nurse Andrei until they die. They are reunited with Pierre, whose estranged wife Helene has died. Natasha and Pierre fall in love. Eventually, they marry and have four children.
Adaptations
The character of Natasha Rostova is difficult to portray on film or television because they age from a 13-year-old girl in book one to a 28-year-old mother of four at the end of the novel. Several actores have portrayed Natasha Rostova to critical acclaim.
In 1956, Audrey Hepburn was cast as Natasha in King Vidor's War and Peace. They were nominated for a BAFTA Award for best British actor and for a Golden Globe Award for best actor in a drama production. Moreover, Harlow Robinson writes that Hepburn "makes a visually compelling Natasha...".
Other performances include those of Morag Hood in the 1972 BBC miniseries with Anthony Hopkins as Pierre, Lyudmila Savelyeva in Sergei Bondarchuk's adaptation, Clémence Poésy in the 2007 miniseries and Denée Benton (Phillipa Soo Off-Broadway) in the New York musical adaptation, Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812, which received numerous Tony nominations in 2017. In the 2016 BBC One six-part drama based on the novel, Lily James played Natasha Rostova.
Scholarly reception
The Encyclopedia of Literature remarks that Natasha "is undoubtedly Tolstoy's ideal woman," while the Academic American Encyclopedia describes them as "the embodiment of impulsiveness and spontaneity...". The transformation of their character towards the end of the novel from a joyous, spirited 'waif-like' beauty into a plump, rather slatternly woman who is only interested in their husband and children has been criticized. Dorothea Barrett compares this to the description of a matronly Dinah Morris at the end of Adam Bede, which they calls 'inappropriate, almost humiliating'.
See also
List of characters in War and Peace
References
Further reading
Daniel Lattin, "Natasha Rostova vs. Anna Karenina: A Comparison of Falls from Grace"
Andrew Kaufman, Oprah's Book Club, "Finding Inspiration in Tolstoy's War and Peace".
Valeria Sobol, Columbia University, "Reading the Invisible: The Mind, the Body and the Medical Examiner in Lev Tolstoy's Anna Karenina"
External links
"Natasha Rostova (Character) from Voyna i mir (1967)," The Internet Movie Database
Fictional counts and countesses
Characters in War and Peace
Fictional Russian people in literature
Female characters in literature
Literary characters introduced in 1869
Shelly Anne Short (née Hager; born April 3, 1962) is an American politician from Washington. Short is a Republican member of the Washington Senate, representing the 7th Legislative District. Short replaced Brian Dansel, who resigned to accept a position in the Trump Administration.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
2021 City Champion Awards. Presented by Association of Washington Cities (AWC).
Personal life
Short's husband is Mitch Short. Short has two children. Short and their family live in Addy, Washington.
References
External links
Shelly Short at ballotpedia.org
Biography on Washington State Legislature website
1962 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Stevens County, Washington
Washington (state) Republicans
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
Washington (state) state senators
The Diocese of Hamar () is a diocese within the Church of Norway. The Diocese of Hamar includes all of the churches in Innlandet county plus the churches in Lunner in Viken county. Administratively, the diocese is divided into 10 deaneries and 164 parishes in the diocese. The seat of the Diocese of Hamar is located at the Hamar Cathedral () in the city of Hamar.
History
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Hamar was formed in the year 1152 when it was separated from the Roman Catholic Diocese of Christiania. At the time of the Protestant Reformation in Norway in 1536, the Archbishop and the bishops were removed and the Diocese of Hamar once again came under the Diocese of Christiania within the new Lutheran Church of Norway. Mogens Lauritsson was the last Roman Catholic bishop of the Ancient Diocese of Hamar.
In 1864, the Lutheran Diocese of Hamar was established when it was separated from the Diocese of Christiania. Halvor Olsen Folkestad was the first bishop of this new Diocese of Hamar. The Hamar Cathedral was consecrated on 15 December 1866 and it was established as the seat of the new Diocese of Hamar. On 1 January 2022, the churches in Jevnaker municipality were transferred to the Ringsaker prosti in the Diocese of Tunsberg.
Structure
The Diocese of Hamar is divided into ten deaneries () spread out over Innlandet and Viken counties. Each deanery corresponds a geographical area, usually one or more municipalities within the diocese. Each municipality is further divided into one or more parishes which each contain one or more congregations.
List of bishops
The following bishops have led the diocese since its creation in 1864:
1864–1887: Halvor Olsen Folkestad
1887–1906: Arnoldus Hille
1906–1917: Christen Brun
1917–1918: Otto Jensen
1918–1922: Gustav Johan Fredrik Dietrichson
1922–1934: Mikkel Bjønness-Jacobsen
1934–1942: Henrik Hille
1942–1943: Georg Falck-Hansen (appointed by Nasjonal Samling)
1943–1945: Sigurd Haga (appointed by Nasjonal Samling)
1945–1947: Henrik Hille
1947–1964: Kristian Schjelderup
1964–1974: Alexander Johnson
1974–1993: Georg Hille
1993–2006: Rosemarie Köhn
2006–present: Solveig Fiske
References
External links
Hamar bispedømme Norges Kirker
Organisations based in Hamar
Hamar
Religious organizations established in 1864
1864 establishments in Norway
The sulphur-bellied tyrant-manakin (Neopelma sulphureiventer), or sulphur-bellied neopelma, is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in the western Amazon Basin of Bolivia, Brazil and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
sulphur-bellied tyrant-manakin
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
sulphur-bellied tyrant-manakin
sulphur-bellied tyrant-manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jonathan Mayer Brown (July 15, 1939 – January 17, 2022) was an American art historian, known for their work on Spanish art, particularly Diego Velázquez. They were Carroll and Milton Petrie Professor of Fine Arts at New York University.
Early life and education
Brown was born on July 15, 1939 in Springfield, Massachusetts to Leonard M. Brown, an insurance agent and Jean (Levy) Brown, a librarian. They studied Spanish literature at Dartmouth College and spent a year abroad in Madrid. While in Spain, they became fascinated with the painter Diego Velázquez, which inspired a lifelong interest in Spanish art. They graduated from Dartmouth in 1960 and continued on to Princeton University, where they received their PhD in 1964 with a dissertation titled "Painting in Seville from Pacheco to Murillo: A Study of Artistic Transition."
Academic career
Brown began their teaching career at Princeton in 1965. The same year, Brown was promoted to associate professor. In 1972, they received the Arthur Kingsley Porter Prize of the College Art Association of America for an article the Art Bulletin about works of art in the Church of the Hermandad de la Caridad in Seville. The following year, Brown was appointed director of the Institute of Fine Arts (IFA), New York University's graduate program in art history. They were named full professor in 1977. At the IFA, Brown promoted the study of Spanish art, a relatively neglected field in the American academy. During the last two decades of their career, they expanded their interests to viceregal Latin American art, particularly the painting of New Spain.
Curation
Brown curated and co-curated a number of exhibitions throughout their career. While a faculty member at Princeton, they organized "Jusepe de Ribera: Prints and Drawings" at the university's museum, which featured several Spanish drawings from its collection. They continued to organize shows focusing on Spanish drawings, including 1976's Murillo & Their Drawings, also held at the Princeton University Art Museum, and "The Spanish Manner: Drawings from Ribera to Goya," held at The Frick Collection in 2010. Brown had a long association with The Frick Collection, co-curating several shows at the institution, including Goya's Last Works in 2006. In their review of the exhibition, Andrew Schulz commented that: "Brown and [his co-curator Susan Grace] Galassi did a marvelous job of assembling works from public and private collections in North America and Spain that covered the full range of [Goya's] late production: portraits in oil, ivory miniatures, black crayon drawings, and lithographs." Schulz concludes: "Their landmark exhibition and catalogue will provide the point of departure as we continue to gain insights into the last works of this singular artist." Reflecting their later interest in the art of the Spanish viceroyalties, Brown organized the 2010–2011 traveling exhibition "Pintura de los reinos. Identidades compartidas en el mundo hispánico" on view at the Museo Nacional del Prado and Palacio Real in Madrid and the Palacio de Iturrbide in Mexico City. In 2013, they co-curated "La Mexique au Louvre: Chefs-d'œuvrede la Nouvelle Espagne" with Guillaume Kientz.
Personal life and death
Brown died at their home in Princeton on January 17, 2022, at the age of 82.
Awards and honors
Slade Professor of Fine Art, Oxford University, 1981
Comendador de la Orden de Isabel la Católica, 1986
Medalla de Oro de Bellas Artes (Spain), 1986
American Philosophical Society, 1988
Andrew W. Mellon Lecturer in the Fine Arts, National Gallery of Art, Washington, 1994
Gran Cruz, Order of Alfonso X el Sabio (Spain), 1996
American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 1996
Premio Elio Antonio Negrija, University of Salamanca, 1997
College Art Association Distinguished Scholar, 2011
Corresponding member, Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando
Selected publications
(with Robert Enggass) Italy and Spain, 1600–1750: Sources and Documents, 1970
Jusepe de Ribera: Prints and Drawings [exh. cat.], 1973 ()
Francisco de Zurbarán, 1974 (reissued in 1991) ()
Images and Ideas in Seventeenth-Century Spanish Painting, 1978
(with J.H. Elliott) A Palace for a King: The Buen Retiro and the Court of Philip IV, 1980 (revised and expanded in 2003)
El Greco of Toledo [exh. cat.], 1982
Velazquez: Painter and Courtier, 1986
The Golden Age of Painting in Spain, 1991 ()
Kings and Connoisseurs: Collecting Art in Seventeenth-Century Europe, 1995. (A.W. Mellon Lectures in the Fine Arts, 1994)
(editor) Picasso and the Spanish Tradition, 1996
(with Carmen Garrido) Velázquez: The Technique of Genius, 1998
(with Susan Grace Galassi), El Greco: Themes & Variations [exh. cat. booklet], 2001
(edited with J.H. Elliott), The Sale of the Century: Artistic Relations between Spain and Great Britain, 1604–1655, 2002
(with Susan Grace Galassi) Goya's Last Works [exh. cat.], 2006
Collected Writings on Velázquez, 2008
(with Susan Grace Galassi, Joanna Sheers, Pablo Pérez d'Ors) The Spanish Manner: Drawings from Ribera to Goya [exh. cat.], 2010 ()
Murillo: Virtuoso Draftsman, 2011
(edited with Luisa Elena Alcalá) Painting in Latin America 1550-1820: From Conquest to Independence, 2014
In the Shadow of Velázquez: A Life in Art History, 2014
Art and Empire: The Golden Age of Spain [exh. cat.], 2019.
References
External Links
Oral history interview at the Institute of Fine Arts, conducted by Elizabeth Buhe in 2014.
1939 births
2022 deaths
American art historians
American Hispanists
Slade Professors of Fine Art (University of Oxford)
Dartmouth College alumni
Princeton University alumni
New York University faculty
Writers from Springfield, Massachusetts
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Rudolf den Hamer (July 24, 1917 in Buitenzorg, Dutch East Indies – March 14, 1988 in The Hague) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played four matches.
References
1917 births
1988 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
People from Bogor
Dutch people of the Dutch East Indies
Dr. Robert Arthur Hughes, M.B.Ch.B, M.R.C.S., L.R.C.P., F.R.C.S., O.B.E., (3 December 1910 – 1 June 1996) was a medical missionary for the Presbyterian Church of Wales who worked in Shillong from 1939–1969 at the Welsh Mission Hospital, also known as the Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, Shillong. Hughes trained as a surgeon in London prior to their time in India.  They are called the "Schweitzer of Assam," comparing their missionary work to that of the Nobel Peace Prize winner Albert Schweitzer. During their 40 years in India, Hughes expanded the Welsh Mission Hospital and developed a traveling dispensary to aid those in the surrounding provinces. Hughes is best known for attempting to eradicate malaria from the area, introducing a vagus nerve resection process to alleviate pain from peptic ulcers and a rickets treatment in the infant population, recognising a protein calorie deficiency disorder called kwashiorkor in the Indian population, founding the area's first blood bank, performing the first lower segment Caesarean section without antibiotics to India, and expanding educational training for medical and nursing organisations.
Early life
Robert Arthur Hughes was born on 3 December 1910 to Reverend Howell Harris Hughes and Annie Myfanwy Hughes in Oswestry, a town in Shropshire, England. Shropshire is along the border of Wales, the country of origin for Hughes' parents. Robert Hughes and their brother, John Harris Hughes, were twins, though Robert was older and had better health during their youth. Rev. Howell Harris Hughes, named after Howell Harris, was the Minister at Oswald Road Presbyterian in addition to being a pacifist and involved in the Fellowship of Reconciliation in Wales. Annie Hughes was educated at the University of Wales in Bangor and became principal at a school in Rhosllannerchrugog until their marriage to Hughes.
During World War I, Howell Harris was Minister of the Tabernacle Chapel in Bangor, Gwynedd, and Arthur and Harris attended Christchurch School in Waterloo and then the Waterloo and Seaforth Grammar School during this time. When the boys were fifteen, the family moved to Llandudno, where they attended the John Bright School. Robert Hughes excelled in both academics and athletics. Harris Hughes was sickly during their youth and attended the University of Wales in Bangor and became an ordained Minister after attending the United Theological College in Aberystwth. They were eventually elected Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Wales in 1975.
Education
In 1928, Robert Hughes entered Liverpool University to study medicine. During their time in the Faculty of Medicine, Hughes joined the Student Christian Movement and the Student Volunteer Movement Union. They were awarded the gold medal in surgery and two other academic distinctions when they graduated in 1933.
After graduating in Medicine, Hughes as a House Surgeon worked at Royal Southern Hospital under the instruction of Mr. O. Herbert Williams, a distinguished surgeon. When they finished their time as House Surgeon, Hughes joined the medical firm of the same hospital under Dr. Norman Capon and worked as House Physician. Hughes then decided to pursue a career in surgical medicine and was appointed the John Rankin Fellow in Human Anatomy, as anatomical knowledge was a requirement for the first FRCS examination.
After passing their first examination in 1935, Hughes spent a short amount of time as Junior Registrar at Stanley Hospital until they became Surgical Registrar and Assistant Surgical Pathologist at David Lewis Northern Hospital. In 1936, Hughes received their diploma MRCS, LRCP. After an unsuccessful first attempt, Hughes passed the final FRCS examination in 1937, becoming a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
In August 1937, Hughes applied to become a missionary for the Presbyterian Church of Wales. At the time, the Foreign Missions Committee of the church had two doctors applying but three hospitals in need of aid. Once the Foreign Mission Committee accepted Hughes in 1937, they were sent to the London School of Tropical Medicine to receive their diploma in Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, or DTM&H. Hughes was assigned to join Dr. Roberts in Shillong upon the completion of their Tropical Medicine course.
Marriage to Nancy Hughes
While working at the David Lewis Northern Hospital, Hughes met Ann "Nancy" Beatrice Wright, who was working as a nurse. Nancy was born on 27 September 1908, to William and Mary Elizabeth Wright, and was the middle of three children. They grew up in Claughton, Birkenhead and attended nursing school in Liverpool. They worked at the Isolation Hospital in Bidston for three years to begin their training, and then took a job at Northern Hospital. Although they would return to Northern, they were accepted a position at Oxford Street Maternity Hospital to complete a course in midwifery training. Upon returning the Northern, they met Hughes, who was working there as a surgical tutor. The two were married on 7 January 1939, and left for India three weeks later. Although Nancy was a trained nurse, the policy of the Mission Society prohibited them from working in the hospital. While Robert Hughes was away during World War II, Nancy Hughes resumed their duties as a nurse, tending to injured Allied soldiers at Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital.
Medical mission in India
On 28 January 1939, the Hughes' left Liverpool for India aboard the City of Marseilles and in February they arrived at the Welsh Mission Hospital in Shillong, which was founded by Dr. Hugh Gordon Roberts in 1922 to serve the Khasi people.
Hughes was given charge of the general wards while Dr. Roberts took care of administrative matters until 1942. Upon that time, Hughes was appointed Senior Medical Officer. During daily life at the hospital, Hughes cared for patients suffering from road accidents, animal mauling, diphtheria, malaria, typhoid, dysentery, leprosy, and tuberculosis.
When World War II reached Assam, Hughes was inducted into the British army in 1942 to serve as a liaison on the health of the Kohima and Dimapur Road workers between health officials and the British army. Hughes was forced to return to Shillong as fighting intensified and the local hospitals were the main recipients of soldiers from the Burma Road. From their return until 1945, Hughes was the consulting surgeon at two local military hospitals as well as Senior Medical Officer at the Welsh Mission Hospital. During this time they treated 2,851 patients, many of whom were British officers and soldiers.
After the War, Hughes turned their attention back to the Welsh Mission Hospital. Hughes constructed and installed the first central heating system in northeastern India to heat the hospital, and also created a steam dryer and cooking range. Due to the lack of a missionary colleague, Hughes began medical education programs for local men and women.
In 1947, Hughes began a travelling dispensary to make weekly visits to marketplaces around Shillong to distribute medical care and health education, which they would do for 20 years. They used this time to survey the health of the villages, and turned their attention towards maternal and infant health. Hughes developed midwifery training for local women and a maternity unit in the Mission Hospital to improve health. They also became involved in advocacy, joining different social, medical, nursing, and welfare organisations with the goal of improving local health. Hughes worked at the Welsh Mission Hospital until 1969, when they and Nancy returned to Wales.
Religious involvement in the Welsh Presbyterian Church
While in India in 1944, Hughes was elected an elder in the Shillong branch of the Presbyterian Church, with their main responsibility being religious education. When they began their travelling dispensary in 1947, Hughes intended to deliver medical care as well as evangelical sermons.
In 1971, Hughes was elected an elder by the Presbyterian Church in Liverpool, and was elected Moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Wales in 1992. In 1991, the Hughes returned to Shillong to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the arrival of Welsh Presbyterian missionary involvement in northeastern India.
Legacy
Hughes is known for performing several operations for the first time in India, such as the lower segment Caesarean section without antibiotics and vagus nerve resection process to alleviate pain from peptic ulcers. They also introduced ether to northeastern Indian hospitals as a form of general anaesthesia, recognised and began treating rickets in the Khasi infant population, and developed India-specific treatments for kwashiorkor, a protein calorie deficiency disorder. Under Hughes' direction, the Welsh Mission Hospital in 1942 employed more nurses and staff than the rest of the hospitals in Assam combined, as well as performed more surgeries. Hughes began the first blood bank in Shillong to meet the medical needs of their patients. As a result of these achievements, Hughes is known by many as the "Schweitzer of Assam." Hughes died Saturday, 1 June 1996, at the Cardiothoracic Hospital in Liverpool.
References
External links
Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital (official site)
1910 births
1996 deaths
Welsh Presbyterian missionaries
Presbyterian missionaries in India
Michel Moawad () is a member of the Lebanese Parliament representing the Zgharta District. In May 2022, Moawad was elected for a second term to Parliament, following a first spell that lasted for 2 years - from 2018 until 2020 - when they resigned in protest of the August 4 explosion.
Since their election to Parliament, they have been also elected as a member of the parliamentary Finance and Budget Committee, where they played a pivotal role in advocating reforms, fighting corruption, and exposing the illegal partisan employment in the public sector. Moreover, Moawad is a sovereigntist, reformist, and freedom-advocate whose civic involvement started in 1997, and is currently the executive director of the René Moawad Foundation.
Political Involvement
Independence Movement
Michel Moawad is the founder and president of the Independence Movement, a sovereigntist, reformist, secular and socio-liberal political party, launched in 2005. The Independence Movement began as a grassroots initiative as part of the Cedar Revolution, before it evolved into a structured political organization. In addition, Moawad was a member of the March 14 Coalition Leadership, as well as an active participant of the 2005 Cedar Revolution and key precursor movements -including the Qornet Shehwan Gathering and Bristol Gathering-.
2005 Cedar Revolution and Key Precursor Movements
Moawad was actively involved in several key movements that paved the way towards the 2005 Cedar Revolution. They were a founding member of the Qornet Shehwan Gathering, a political opposition grouping formed in 2001, which was the primary opposition force to the Syrian hegemony in Lebanon. The group gathered key Christian figures, including Lebanese Minister Pierre Amine Gemayel, and Members of Parliament Gebran Tueni and Antoine Ghanem, all of which were assassinated for their political opposition. Moreover, Moawad was a founding member of the Bristol Gathering in 2005, the largest multi-sectarian opposition bloc in the history of Lebanon at the time, formed following the illegal extension of former Lebanese President Emile Lahoud's term imposed by the Syrian government. Following the 2005 Cedar Revolution, Moawad joined the leadership of the March 14 alliance, and participated in the Doha Conference of May 2008 that came as a result of May 7 events that saw Hezbollah militarily invade the capital and parts of the Chouf area. The conference produced the Doha Accord to end an 18-month-long political crisis.
In parliament
Moawad ran as a candidate for the 2009 Lebanese parliamentary elections with the Lebanese Forces and other 14 March political parties attaining 47% of the vote in the Zgharta–Zawye district, losing against the Marada Movement led by Suleiman Frangieh.
In 2013, the Parliamentary Elections were postponed to 2018, and Moawad underwent various attempts to politically ally with several parties in the hope to limit their opponents growing public influence, which were finally represented in the 2018 Elections where Moawad came in 2nd in Zgharta District, and their party, the Independence Movement, cemented itself as the 4th largest power in the North 3 electoral sector, allied with The Free Patriotic Movement. As an MP, Moawad was a member of the Parliamentary Finance and Budget Committee, and played a pivotal role in advocating reforms, fighting corruption, and exposing the illegal partisan employment in the public sector.
Moawad resigned from parliament in protest following the August 4, 2020, Beirut Explosion, and is today a leading figure and founding member of the Lebanese Opposition Front.
In 2022, the Independence Movement allied with the Kataeb Party, the son of the ex-minister and ex-parliament member Boutros Harb and other Anti-Hezbollah independents to form a list called 'Shamal Al Mouwajaha' to bring down Gebran Bassil's and Sleiman Frengieh presence in the North III electoral districts.
Candidacy for presidency (2022)
In 2022, Moawad declared their candidacy for the Lebanese presidential elections to succeed President Michel Aoun, whose 6-year term was to end on 31 October 2022. Moawad is currently the opposition front candidate.
Civic engagement
Moawad's civic involvement, which started in 1997 with their struggle to pressure the government to organize municipal elections for the first time since 1964 through the "Baladi, Baldati, Baladiyati" Campaign, further includes supporting employment and entrepreneurship via initiatives such as FORAS: Fostering Entrepreneurship and Employment in North Lebanon and the Business Incubation Association in Tripoli (BIAT), as well as several social initiatives to protect and ameliorate the conditions of underprivileged populations in Lebanon.
Moawad is a founding member and current executive director of the René Moawad Foundation (RMF). RMF is an NGO with programs across Lebanon in partnership with international donors including USAID, the UN and all its organs, the EU, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the German GIZ and many others. Its mission is to promote social, economic, and rural development in Lebanon and contribute to building a responsible civil society that promotes democratic values, social justice, pluralism, and moderation. It works in five sectors: Education and Human Development, Health and Social Care, Economic Development, Agriculture and Rural Development, and Local Authorities and Decentralization. RMF's budget for 2020 was $19.571M, and its programs reached 530,630 beneficiaries. Furthermore, RMF has a US based sister NGO, which Moawad participated in founding.
Moawad is also a board member of the Maronite Foundation in the World.
Family background and education
Michel Moawad was born on June 4, 1972, in Lebanon.  They are the son of the former President of the Lebanese Republic, President René Moawad.
Moawad attended school at the College Notre-Dame de Jamhour, graduating in 1990 and obtaining the French Baccalaureate with honors. They then attended the Ecole Sainte-Genevieve Preparatory School for "Grandes Ecoles" in Versailles and graduated from the Ecole Superieure de Commerce de Paris (ESCP). They also obtained a master's degree in Public Law from the Sorbonne University in Paris.
Moawad is married to Marielle Kosremelli and is a father of 4.
References
External links
Independence Movement Official Facebook Page
Michel Mouawad Official Website (English)
Michel Moawad sur Ehden Family Tree
https://www.lbcgroup.tv/watch/38031/michel-moawad/en
https://www.mtv.com.lb/en/Programs/Bi_Mawdouiyeh/2018/videos
https://www.lorientlejour.com/elections/article/1110756/michel-moawad-cest-en-me-reconciliant-avec-le-cpl-que-je-ressemble-a-mon-pere.html
1972 births
Living people
Lebanese Maronites
Children of national leaders
Members of the Parliament of Lebanon
Children of national leaders of Lebanon
The Horáček's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus horaceki) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae, which is endemic to Cyrenaica, Libya.
References
Rhinolophidae
Mammals described in 2012
Bats of Africa
William Bradshaw was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1604 to 1611.
Bradshaw was the eldest or only son of John Bradshaw of Presteign, Radnorshire. In 1604, they were an Alderman of Cardigan. They were elected Member of Parliament for Cardigan and was seated on petition on 13 April 1604.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1604–1611
Turceni is a town in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It administers five villages: Gârbovu, Jilțu, Murgești, Strâmba-Jiu and Valea Viei.
Natives
Al. C. Calotescu-Neicu
Ionuț Tătaru
References
Populated places in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Towns in Romania
The New Zealand king shag (Leucocarbo carunculatus), also known as the rough-faced shag, king shag or kawau, is a rare bird endemic to New Zealand. Some taxonomic authorities, including the International Ornithologists' Union, place this species in the genus Leucocarbo. Others place it in the genus Phalacrocorax.
Description
It is a large (76 cm long, 2.5 kg in weight) black and white cormorant with pink feet. White patches on the wings appear as bars when the wings are folded. Yellow-orange swellings (caruncles) are found above the base of the bill. The grey gular pouch is reddish in the breeding season. A blue eye-ring indicates its kinship with the other blue-eyed shags.
Habitat
New Zealand king shags can be seen from the Cook Strait ferries in Queen Charlotte Sound opposite the beginning of the Tory Channel. They live in the coastal waters of the Marlborough Sounds where they are known to breed only on rocky islets at four small sites.
References
External links
Image and Classification at Animal Diversity Web
New Zealand king shag
Endemic birds of New Zealand
Vulnerable fauna of Oceania
Marlborough Sounds
New Zealand king shag
New Zealand king shag
The Defence of the Seven Sacraments () is a theological treatise published in 1521, written by King Henry VIII of England, allegedly with the assistance of Sir Thomas More. The extent of More's involvement with this project has been a point of contention since its publication.
Henry started to write it in 1519 while they were reading Martin Luther's attack on indulgences. By June of that year, they had shown it to Thomas Wolsey, but it remained private until three years later when the earlier manuscript became the first two chapters of the Assertio, the rest consisting of new material relating to Luther's De Captivitate Babylonica.
Author J. J. Scarisbrick describes the work as "one of the most successful pieces of Catholic polemics produced by the first generation of anti-Protestant writers". It went through some twenty editions in the sixteenth century and, as early as 1522, had appeared in two different German translations.
The treatise was dedicated to Pope Leo X, who rewarded Henry with the title Fidei Defensor (Defender of the Faith) in October 1521 (a title revoked following the king's break with the Catholic Church in the 1530s,<ref>Assertio septem sacramentorum adversus Martinum Lutherum, Henry VIII, King of England; Pierre Fraenkel, Münster, Aschendorff, 1992, Corpus Catholicorum, vol. 43. </ref> but re-awarded to their heir by the English Parliament).
Luther's reply to the Assertio (Against Henry, King of the English) was, in turn, replied to by Thomas More, who was one of the leaders of the Catholic Renaissance humanists in England (Responsio ad Lutherum).
The British Library still has King Henry's personal copy of Marko Marulić's Evangelistiarium, a book that was read in English and much admired by Thomas More. Extensive margin notes in the king's own hand prove that Marulić's book was a major source used by the king in the writing of Defence of the Seven Sacraments.
Editions and translations
O'Donovan, L.O. & Gibbons, J. (1908). 'Assertio Septum Sacramentorum' (English and Latin). New York, NY, Benziger Bros. Publishing
O'Donovan, L.O. & Curtin, D.P. (2018). 'Defense of the Seven Sacraments' (with additional Papal correspondence''). Philadelphia, PA, Barnes & Noble Press
See also
Sacraments of the Catholic Church
English Reformation
Henry VIII
Thomas More
References
1521 books
Books about Christianity
English non-fiction literature
Catholic liturgy
16th-century Christian texts
16th-century Latin books
Books by Henry VIII
Mohammadabad-e Seyyedha (, also romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Seyyedhā; also known as Moḩammadābād, Moḩammadābād-e Sādāt, and Moḩammadābād-e Seyyedān) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Yeiush ("despair") is a concept in the Talmud regarding a Jew who loses an object (aveidah) and another Jew finds it and the person who lost it is determined to have given up on the object. The general rule is that the original's owners "yeiush" (giving up hope on finding the object) releases the object into the public domain, thereby allowing a finder of the object to keep it and releasing the finder from the obligation to return it to the original owner.
There is:
"Yeiush shelo mida'at" meaning a person declares hope lost without knowledge (or awareness of what happened to the lost object.)
"Yeiush mida'at" meaning hope is declared lost with knowledge (or the intent of the owner to give up possession.)
Yeiush shelo mida'at
Yei'ūsh shelo mida'at () occurs when the owner of a lost object does not know the object is lost (or does not know the circumstances surrounding the loss), but would have given up hope on finding the object had they known that the object was lost (e.g., if an item with no form of identification falls from the pocket of a person on a public thoroughfare but the person does not know that it has fallen). The legal significance of this scenario occurs if the object is found by another person before the owner of the property discovers their loss.
There was a Talmudic dispute between Abaye and Rava whether this is a valid form of yei'ūsh, i.e., whether the finder must return of the object or whether they may keep it. Abaye maintained that this was not a valid form of yei'ūsh and thus the finder must return an object found under these circumstances. Rava allowed the finder to keep the object under these circumstances. The Talmud itself settles the dispute in favor of Abaye.
Yeiush m'daat
Yei'ūsh m'daat () occurs where the owner actually gives up hope on finding a lost object or where a reasonable person would have given up hope under the circumstances. It is undisputed in the Talmud that this occurrence releases the object into the public domain so that a finder of the object may then keep it.
Examples of scenarios where a person can be assumed to have given up hope on losing an object include:
Where the object has no identifying mark and it is not left in a specific location based on which it can be identified.
Where an object has been carried out to sea.
Where the object has been stolen by armed robbers.
There is a dispute if the concept of yei'ūsh is also effective by a stolen object; if the owner gives up hope after it was stolen from their possession. Some opinions hold that yei'ūsh works universally by lost objects as well as stolen goods. According to that opinion, the thief will be able to keep what they stole, but will still be obligated to reimburse the owner the worth of that article.
The Talmud in Baba Kama 65,66 discusses this at length and offers a reason to distinguish a stolen object from a lost object. In them former case when the yei'ūsh occurred it was after it entered the hands of the thief unlawfully, while by a lost object the assumption is that the finder picked it up after the owner had already given up hope.
In the event that the thief sold the stolen goods to a third party, all opinions would agree that they may keep it, since it came into hands after the yei'ūsh. This is known in the Talmud as the combination of yei'ūsh (despair) with shinuī reshūth (change of domain).
See also
Bava Kamma
Bava Metzia
Halakha
Mishpat Ivri
Sukkah
References
Jewish courts and civil law
Jewish law and rituals
Artau II ( or Artaldus, or Artaldo), the Count of Pallars Sobirà from 1081 until their death c.1115, was active in the Reconquista and sometimes referred to themselves as comes et marchio (count and margrave), because they governed a frontier district. They were the son and successor of Artau I.
There is a surviving convention between Artau II and their cousin Raymond IV of Pallars Jussà concerning the castles of Llimiana and Mur, which Raymond commended to Artau. The castellans (seniores) were to be vassals of Artau, with Raymond having the right to fill a vacancy. Artau is known to have given the castle of Cuberes to their vassal Mir Arnau, who in turn gave it to the monastery of Santa Maria de Gerri, to which it had been given on an earlier occasion by Artau's father.
According to a now-lost charter, Artau and Raymond Berengar III of Barcelona reached an agreement (convenientia) concerning the division of lands after the projected capture of Tortosa (which in any event did not come in their lifetimes). This alliance, by which Artau would have been invested with the castle of Tortosa, was concocted towards 1100 and is one of the first instances of the young Raymond Berengar III (he was not even twenty) pursuing a policy of Reconquista against the Muslims to their south.
Notes
1115 deaths
People of the Reconquista
Year of birth unknown
Gennady Petrovich Bessonov (, born 10 December 1944) is a retired Russian triple jumper. They competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and placed 15th.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Russian male triple jumpers
Soviet male triple jumpers
Sportspeople from Moscow Oblast
Protictis is an extinct genus of carnivorous mammals known from the late Paleocene and early Eocene of North America. It belongs to the family Viverravidae of the Carnivoramorpha.
Fossil finds
Fossils of Protictis are found in the United States and Canada and date mainly from the North American Land Mammal Ages Torrejonian en Tiffanian. The holotype - part of the upper and lowe jaw - were described in 1882 by Edward Drinker Cope based on finds in the San Juan Basin in New Mexico and classified as Didymictis haydenianus. William Diller Matthew described Protictis as a subgenus of Didymictis in 1937 and in 1966 MacIntyre classified it as a separate genus. Protictis means "early weasel" and consists of proto and ictis.
The San Juan Basin is the main location for fossil founds of Protictis. Besides P. haydenianus the species P. simpsoni and P. minor were described based on fossil founds in this area. Of P. simpsoni a skull is found, the earliest known of a member of the Carnivoramorpha.
The other described species are P. agastor from Cedar Point Quarry in Wyoming and P. paralus from Judson in North Dakota. Fossil founds that could not be described at species level are found in Wannagan Creek in North Dakota, Montana, Utah and Alberta. A fossil found in the Willwood Formation is also assigned to Protictis.
Description
Protictis was a mongoose-like animal that was lightly built. The species had variable sizes. Parts of the skeleton of P. haydenianus are known and this species was about 75 cm long, comparable to the related Didymictis and the modern day Asian civets. The skull of P. simpsoni shows that this species was larger than P. haydenianus. P. minor on the other hand was smaller than P. haydenianus. The morphology of the limb bones of P haydenianus points at a scansorial lifestyle. Protictis had two times as many teeth as modern carnivores. The characteristic carnassials of carnivores were already clearly developed in Protictis, but the long and pointy teeth show that insects were still a major component of this diet. Endocasts of the skull shows that both vision and hearing were important senses, but the position of the eye sockets shows that threedimensional vision was not as well developed as in modern carnivores.
References
Viverravids
Paleocene mammals of North America
Prehistoric placental genera
Allah Kaj (, also Romanized as Allah Kāj) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 96, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
José Octavio Ruiz Arenas (born 21 December 1944) is a Colombian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, who has served as secretary of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelisation.
Biography
José Ruiz Arenas was born in Bogotá, and ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Aníbal Muñoz Duque on 29 November 1969.
They worked in the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith with the future Benedict XVI until 8 March 1996, when they were appointed auxiliary bishop of Bogotá and titular bishop of Troyna by Pope John Paul II. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 13 April from then-Archbishop Pedro Rubiano Sáenz, with Archbishops Paolo Romeo and Tarcisio Bertone, SDB, serving as co-consecrators. Ruiz Arenas was later named Bishop of Villavicencio on 16 July 2002, and was promoted to the rank of Archbishop when their see was elevated to an archdiocese on 3 July 2004.
On 31 May 2007, they entered the service of the Roman Curia upon their appointment as vice president of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America by Pope Benedict XVI.
On 13 May 2011 they were appointed the first secretary of Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelisation by Pope Benedict.
On 5 March 2012 they were appointed a member of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples by Pope Benedict.
On Tuesday, 18 September 2012, Archbishop Ruiz Arenas was named by Pope Benedict XVI to serve as one of the papally-appointed Synod Fathers of the upcoming October 2012 13th Ordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops on the New Evangelization, presumably because of their position as Secretary of the Pontifical Council for the New Evangelization.
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
1944 births
Living people
Clergy from Bogotá
Pontifical Commission for Latin America
21st-century Roman Catholic archbishops in Colombia
Members of the Pontifical Council for the Promotion of the New Evangelisation
Members of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples
Roman Catholic bishops of Bogotá
Stomiidae is a family of deep-sea ray-finned fish, including the barbeled dragonfishes. They are quite small, usually around 15 cm, up to 26 cm. These fish are apex predators and have enormous jaws filled with fang-like teeth. They are also able to hinge the neurocranium and upper-jaw system, which leads to the opening of the jaw to more than 100 degrees. This ability allows them to consume extremely large prey, often 50% greater than their standard length.
Features
It is one of the many species of deep-sea fish that can produce their own light through a chemical process known as bioluminescence. A special organ known as a photophore helps produce this light. The deep-sea dragonfishes have large heads, and mouths equipped with many sharp fang-like teeth. They have a long stringlike structure known as barbel, with a light-producing photophore at the tip, attached to their chin. They also have photophores attached along the sides of their body. A specific species of Stomiidae, the Chauliodus, cannot luminescence longer than 30 minutes without adrenaline. However, in presence of adrenaline, it can produce light for many hours. They produce blue-green light, the wavelengths of which can travel the farthest in the ocean. The deep-sea dragonfish waves its barbel back and forth and produces flashing lights on and off to attract prey and potential mates. Many of the species they prey upon also produce light themselves, which is why they have evolved to have black stomach walls to keep the lights concealed while digesting their meal in order to stay hidden from their predators.
Representative species gallery
References
External links
Science Alert article with images and video
Review of the Astronesthid Fishes
Malacosteus niger
The Deep Sea ocean biology
Science and the Sea, Dragonfish
Seasky, dragonfish
Ray-finned fish families
Prayanam may refer to
Prayanam (1975 film), a Malayalam film written by Padmarajan and directed by Bharathan
Prayanam (2009 film), a Telugu film directed by Chandra Sekhar Yeleti
Drangov Peak (, ) is a peak rising to 430 m in the southeast extremity of Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica. Situated 360 m southeast of Vratsa Peak, 1.45 km east by south of the highest point of Viskyar Ridge, 2.8 km west of Fort Point, 500 m north of Ziezi Peak, and 2.37 km northeast of Sartorius Point. Overlooking Musala Glacier to the north, and Targovishte Glacier to the southwest. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05. Named after Col. Boris Drangov (1872–1917), a renowned Bulgarian military commander and pedagogue.
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
Drangov Peak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Drangov Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The red-vested myzomela (Myzomela malaitae), also known as the red-bellied myzomela, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to Malaita (Solomon Islands). Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
red-vested myzomela
Birds of Malaita
red-vested myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Corrida (1932 – probably 1944) was a French Thoroughbred racehorse who won races in France, Belgium, Germany and England and is regarded as one of the top fillies of the 20th century worldwide.  They are best known for their back-to-back wins in France's most prestigious horse race, the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
Racing career
Corrida in Latin languages translates as bullfight. At age two, they won the Prix Morny and was second by a head to Pampeiro in the Grand Critérium. At age three, owner Marcel Boussac shipped Corrida to England, where trainer George Lambton prepared them at Newmarket Racecourse. Entered in the 1,000 Guineas and The Oaks, Corrida performed poorly, and after a third lackluster effort was returned to France. There, Corrida won the Grand Prix de Marseille at Hippodrome de Marseille Borely and had three placings in major races including a third in the 1935 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
In 1936, they blossomed into the most dominant horse in France. That year, Corrida won seven major races. In England, they captured the Hardwicke Stakes at Ascot Racecourse, then won the Grand Prix Prince Rose at Hippodrome Wellington, in Ostend, Belgium and in France the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud, the Prix d'Hédouville, the Prix du Prince de Galles, and the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, and repeated their win in the Grand Prix de Marseille.
In 1937, Corrida returned to Belgium to win their second straight Grand International d'Ostende and traveled to Berlin, Germany, where they won the Grosser Preis von Reichshauptstadt. In October at Hippodrome de Longchamp in Paris, they continued to dominate the colts, becoming the first female horse to ever win the 1½ mile Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe twice.
Retirement
Corrida was retired to their owner's Haras de Fresnay-le-Buffard breeding farm in Neuvy-au-Houlme in Lower Normandy. They were bred to the champion sire Tourbillon and produced Coaraze, who won a number of important French races, including the Prix du Jockey Club and the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud. Coaraze was their only offspring to survive the German occupation of France in World War II. Following the D-Day landing at Normandy by the Allied Forces, Corrida disappeared from the pasture at Haras de Fresnay-le-Buffard during the Battle of the Falaise Gap. No trace of them was ever found.
References
Corrida information at the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe
France Galop profile of Corrida
Corrida's pedigree and racing stats
1932 racehorse births
Arc winners
Racehorses bred in France
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Racehorses trained in France
Individual thefts
Unsolved crimes in Europe
Thoroughbred family 9-e
Godolphin Arabian sire line
Unsolved crimes in France
Newton's sunbird, or the São Tomé sunbird (Anabathmis newtonii) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is endemic to São Tomé Island. It is one of the smallest sunbirds. In general, the bird has dark olive upperparts - the male has an iridescent green-purple throat and upper breast region, while females have a dull olive throat and yellowish underparts, but underparts in female youth do not develop into yellow until later sexual maturity.
References
External links
Newton's sunbird
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
Newton's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bootle Football Club was an English football club based in Bootle, Lancashire. Founder members of the Football Alliance, the club was one of the first two clubs to resign from the Football League. and also one of only two clubs (the other being Middlesbrough Ironopolis F.C.) to spend a single season in the League.
History
Bootle F.C. were formed in 1879 as Bootle St Johns AFC and played their first fixture in October 1880 against Everton. Later that year the club changed its name to Bootle F.C. and then entered the FA Cup for the first time the following season.
In 1887 Bootle signed former Scotland international Andrew Watson, the first black international player. If, as is likely, they were paid then they were the first black professional footballer in history, pre-dating Arthur Wharton.
When the Football League was founded, William MacGregor invited Everton as the representatives of the city of Liverpool, rather than Bootle. Instead, in 1888-89 Bootle joined the Football Combination, and then in 1889-90 were founder members of the Football Alliance. That season was their most successful as they finished league runners-up (winning every home match), and reached the quarter-finals of the FA Cup, where they lost 7–0 to Blackburn Rovers.
However the club suffered when playing away from Hawthorne Road; in its second Alliance season, the club only secured 1 point away from home, and in the third and final season only 1 away win. At the end of the 1891-92 season, the club was in serious financial difficulties, owing £300 to lenders and £800 for the construction of new stands, against annual income of £2,000. In order to raise funds the club decided to form a limited liability company.
When the Alliance merged with the Football League in 1892, Bootle became founder members of the new Second Division. The club's crowds however declined from the usual 2-3,000 in the Alliance to just 1,000 by the end of its one League season. Despite finishing in eighth position, the club resigned, its last League action being supporting a resolution to increase the First Division to 20 clubs (opposed by Everton) to avoid Liverpool becoming a one-club monopoly. Bootle was one of the first two clubs to resign from the League, the other being Accrington F.C., and is one of only two clubs to have spent just one season in the Football League, the other being Middlesbrough Ironopolis.
In its final season the club's expenditure was £2,198, half of which was due to wages, as against an income of £1,355 plus donations of £155. The club did enter the FA Cup for 1893-94, and was drawn to play at Stockport County in the qualifying rounds, but, on 28 August 1893, before the tie could take place, the club passed a resolution putting itself into liquidation.
International players
Four Bootle players appeared for Wales:
Smart Arridge (2 caps with Bootle)
Walter Evans (1 cap with Bootle)
Billy Hughes (3 caps with Bootle)
Job Wilding (3 caps with Bootle)
See also
Bootle F.C.
Bootle Athletic F.C.
References
External links
The Original Merseyside Derby Game. Bootle v Everton
Defunct football clubs in England
Defunct English Football League clubs
Association football clubs established in 1879
Sport in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton
Defunct football clubs in Merseyside
1879 establishments in England
1893 disestablishments in England
Association football clubs disestablished in 1893
Bootle
Defunct football clubs in Lancashire
"Sweat (A La La La La Long)" is a song by Jamaican reggae fusion group Inner Circle, released in 1992 as the lead single from their twelfth album, Bad to the Bone (1992). It was a number-one hit in Belgium, Germany, Israel, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, Switzerland, and Zimbabwe. Australian music channel Max included it in their list "1000 Greatest Songs of All Time" in 2017.
Critical reception
The song received favorable reviews from music critics. Larry Flick from Billboard noted that it "clips along at a fun and swaying pace. Topping on the cake is a sing-along refrain and chorus that will be the soundtrack to a bright summer day." Troy J. Augusto from Cashbox stated, "Actually, this incredibly catchy and brisk pop/raga-tune will rule the summer airwaves as the band sweats all the way to the bank." Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report called it a "winner", adding, "one listen—slam dunk!" Another editor, Rod Edwards wrote that "complete with a "sing-along" chorus, the reggae/dancehall appeal of this song should continue their success in the U.S."
Music writer James Masterton said in their weekly UK chart commentary, that "Sweat (A La La La La Long)" "is certainly a cod-reggae classic to rank alongside Girly Girly and Real Fashion Reggae Style which were both Top 10 hits in the mid-80s." James Hamilton from Music Weeks RM Dance Update described it as an "appealing but old fashioned pop reggae swayer". Malaysian newspaper New Straits Times constated that "their pop-reggae may not be all that provocative or tough-edged, but it's supple and eminently hummable." Andrew Love from Ocala Star-Banner picked the song as one of the "greats" on their Bad Boys album. Mark Sutherland from Smash Hits deemed it "a bounce-along beach party of a choon with a "la la la" chorus".
Chart performance
"Sweat (A La La La La Long)" achieved a great success on the charts particularly in Europe, where it was a top 10 hit in Austria (number two), Denmark (number two), Finland, Greece, Ireland, Norway, Sweden (number two) and the United Kingdom, as well as on the Eurochart Hot 100, where the single peaked at number two. In the UK, it hit number three on the UK Singles Chart, on May 16, 1993 and number six on the UK Dance Singles Chart. It is the group's highest-charting song in the UK to date, and it topped the charts in Switzerland and Germany for six and twelve weeks, respectively. It also reached number-one in Belgium, the Netherlands, and Portugal. Outside Europe, "Sweat" was a hit in Israel and Zimbabwe where it was peaking at number-one for three weeks, in Australia, reaching number two, and New Zealand, where it reached number-one. In the United States, the song peaked at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100. And in Canada, it went to number 38 on the RPM Top Singles chart. The song was also ranked number 94 on the Triple J Hottest 100, 1993. It earned a gold record in Austria, with a sale of 15,000 singles, a silver record in the UK, where 200,000 units were sold and a platinum record in Germany, with a sale of 200,000 singles.
Music video
A music video was produced to promote the single, directed by Mathias Julien. In the video, the band performs the song on the beach among bathers. They are often seen in front of female dancers and a colorful backdrop in green, red and yellow. Other times, the band performs on a stage, in front of a large crowd. Occasionally there are some black and white footage. The video was later published on YouTube in September 2018. As of September 2021, it has amassed more than 3.3 million views.
Covers and adaptations
The popularity of the song has resulted in many covers and even parodies.
The song in Malaysia spawned a parody song by Poe called "Alalalala Tuk (Jangan Saman)" (Please Officer, Don't Fine Me).
The winner of season 7 of the German music competition Deutschland sucht den Superstar in 2010 Mehrzad Marashi had it as their debut release after their win. The release also featured Mark Medlock winner in the same show in season four in 2007.
Track listings
7" single "Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Bad Boys" (original mix) — 3:50
12" maxi, Europe "Sweat" (swemix remix) — 5:35
"Sweat" (sweatbox construction) — 7:51
"Sweat" (circle zone dub mix) — 5:09
12" maxi, US "Sweat" (Don T's dancehall version) — 3:54
"Sweat" (JJ's glamarama remix) — 5:27
"Sweat" (Don T's dub version) — 3:53
"Sweat" (Dave Morales def mix) — 4:53
"Sweat" (Dave's def raggamuffin dub) — 4:07
"Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
CD single
"Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Sweat" (sweatbox construction) — 7:51
"Sweat" (circle zone dub mix) — 5:09
"Bad Boys" (original mix) — 3:50
CD maxi "Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Sweat" (sweatbox construction) — 7:56
"Sweat" (circle zone dub mix) — 5:14
"Bad Boys" (original mix) — 3:51
CD maxi - Remixes "Sweat" (swemix edit) — 4:20
"Sweat" (JJ's glamarama remix) — 5:27
"Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Sweat" (JJ's ragga zone dub) — 4:16
"Sweat" (DJ beats) — 2:30
Cassette'
"Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Bad Boys" (original mix) — 3:50
"Sweat" (original version) — 3:46
"Bad Boys" (original mix) — 3:50
Charts and sales
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
Mehrzad Marashi and Mark Medlock version
In 2010, Mehrzad Marashi and Mark Medlock (both winners of Deutschland sucht den Superstar) released a joint cover version.
The song was a big success in Europe topping at number two in Germany, number seven in Austria and number 16 in Switzerland.
Peak positions
Year-end charts
References
1992 singles
1993 singles
2010 singles
Inner Circle (band) songs
Music videos directed by Mathias Julien
Number-one singles in Germany
Number-one singles in Israel
Number-one singles in Portugal
Number-one singles in Switzerland
Number-one singles in New Zealand
Number-one singles in Zimbabwe
Dutch Top 40 number-one singles
Ultratop 50 Singles (Flanders) number-one singles
Reggae fusion songs
Song recordings produced by Dieter Bohlen
Warner Music Group singles
1992 songs
is a town located in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan. , the town had an estimated population of 15,799 in 6679 households., and a population density of 210 persons per km². The total area of the town is .
Geography
Ichikawamisato is located in south-central Yamanashi Prefecture at the southern end of the Kofu Basin. The Fuefuki River and the Kamanashi River flow through the town, which contains the confluence where these rivers join to form the Fuji River.
Neighboring municipalities
Yamanashi Prefecture
Minami-Alps
Chūō
Kōfu
Minobu
Fujikawa
Demographics
Per Japanese census data, the population of Ichikawamisato has gradually decreased over the past 50 years.
Climate
The town has a climate characterized by hot and humid summers, and relatively mild winters (Köppen climate classification Cfa). The average annual temperature in Ichikawamisato is 28-32 °C in summer and ?? in winter. The average annual rainfall is 16413 mm with September as the wettest month.
History
The area of Ichikawamisato was part of a huge shoen during the Heian period controlled by Minamoto no Yoshikiyo, the ancestor of the Takeda clan. In the Edo period, along with the rest of Kai Province, the area was tenryō territory controlled directly by the Tokugawa shogunate. After the Meiji restoration, the area was organized into villages within Nishiyatsushiro District, Yamanashi with the establishment of the modern municipalities system on July 1, 1889. On October 1, 2005, the towns of Ichikawadaimon, Mitama and Rokugō (all from Nishiyatsushiro District) merged to form the new town of Ichikawamisato.
Economy
The economy of Ichikawamisato is primarily agricultural. The town was traditionally famous for its production of fireworks and Japanese traditional paper (washi).
Education
Ichikawamisato has six public elementary schools and four public middle schools run by the town government and one public high school operated by the Yamanashi Prefectural Board of Education.
Transportation
Railway
Central Japan Railway Company - Minobu Line
- - - - - -
Highway
Sister city relations
- Muscatine, Iowa, USA
References
External links
Official Website
Towns in Yamanashi Prefecture
Ichikawamisato, Yamanashi
Irreligion, according to the South African National Census of 2001, accounts for the beliefs of 15.1% of people in South Africa, the majority of those being White.
A 2012 poll indicated that the number of South Africans who consider themselves religious decreased from 83% of the population in 2005 to 64% of the population in 2012.
See also
Religion in South Africa
Freedom of religion in South Africa
Christianity in South Africa
Islam in South Africa
Demographics of South Africa
References
Further reading
Religion in South Africa
South Africa
South Africa
Enrique de Cardona y Enríquez (1485–1530) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.
Biography
Enrique de Cardona y Enríquez was born in the County of Urgell in 1485, the son of Juan Folch de Cardona y Urgel, Duke of Cardona, and Aldonza Domínguez. They began their career as a cleric in Urgell.
In 1505, Ferdinand II of Aragon wanted to promote them to the see of Barcelona; they therefore forced archdeacon Luís Desplá, who had been elected by the cathedral chapter of Barcelona Cathedral, to retire. The cathedral chapter elected Cardona on 18 April 1505; they received dispensation for not having reached the canonical age of 27. On 23 January 1512 they were promoted to the metropolitan see of Monreale, though they continued to live in Barcelona.
In 1522, they accompanied Pope Adrian VI from Spain to Rome. They were made Prefect of the Castel Sant'Angelo on 24 September 1522. They were a commissary and judge in the case of Cardinal Francesco Soderini, who was arrested on 28 April 1523. They served as president of Sicily in 1526, where they repelled an Ottoman attack on the island, and launched several successful corsairs attack against the Ottoman occupation of the berbary coast.
Pope Clement VII made them a cardinal priest in the consistory of 21 November 1527. They received the red hat and the titular church of San Marcello al Corso on 24 November 1527.
They died in Rome on 7 February 1530.  They are buried in Santa Maria in Monserrato degli Spagnoli.
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
References
1485 births
1530 deaths
16th-century Spanish cardinals
John Lincoln Felton (December 24, 1883 – February 7, 1961) was an American football coach. They served two stints as the head football coach at West Virginia Wesleyan College in Buckhannon, West Virginia from 1912 to 1913 and in 1921. Felton was also the head football coach at McDaniel College (then known as Western Maryland College) in 1914 and at Muskingum College in Ohio in 1916. They were a graduate of Dickinson College in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
References
External links
1883 births
1961 deaths
McDaniel Green Terror football coaches
Muskingum Fighting Muskies football coaches
West Virginia Wesleyan Bobcats football coaches
Dickinson College alumni
People from Bedford County, Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Pennsylvania
Presidential elections were held in Cyprus on 13 February 1983. The result was a victory for Spyros Kyprianou of the Democratic Party (and also supported by AKEL), who received 56.5% of the vote. Voter turnout was 95.0%.
Results
References
1983 in Cyprus
Cyprus
Presidential elections in Cyprus
February 1983 events in Europe
Izvoru is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Izvoru.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Division of Oxley is an Australian Electoral Division in Queensland. It is currently represented by Milton Dick , the current Speaker of the House of Representatives
Geography
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
History
The current division is the second to bear the name, and was created in 1949. The division is named after the Australian explorer, John Oxley. Oxley is located in south east Queensland, and covers the south western suburbs of Brisbane.
The original Division of Oxley was established in 1901, and was abolished and replaced by the Division of Griffith in 1934. The 1949 incarnation's best-known member was Bill Hayden, the Labor Opposition Leader between 1977 and 1983, when they resigned under pressure the same day that the 1983 election which swept Bob Hawke to power was called. Hayden later served as a minister in the Hawke Government before becoming Governor-General in 1989.
In 1996, the seat became most well known for controversial social conservative MP Pauline Hanson who was elected as a Liberal-turned-independent, but the seat was heavily redistributed in 1997, splitting their main support base of Ipswich between Oxley and Blair. In 1998 Hanson contested the seat of Blair, winning 36% of the primary vote but losing to the Liberals (who got 21%) under Australia's system of preferential voting. Hanson's brief tenure represents the only time since 1961 that the seat has been out of Labor hands.
Members
Election results
References
External links
Division of Oxley (Qld) — Australian Electoral Commission
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1949
1949 establishments in Australia
Federal politics in Queensland
Lists of medical abbreviations
Andrea Esteban Catalán is a Spanish former football striker who mainly played for Levante UD in Spain's Primera División.  They are currently the manager of Primera División (women) side Valencia.
They were a member of the Spain Under-17 team that won its second U-17 European Championship in April 2011, but they were seriously injured in the first match and missed the rest of the tournament.
With only 23 years old, Esteban announced their retirement after five surgeries.
References
External links
Profile at Txapeldunak.com
1996 births
Living people
Spanish women's footballers
Primera División (women) players
Levante UD Femenino players
Valencia CF Femenino players
Valencia CF Femenino managers
Women's association football forwards
Spanish football managers
Primera División (women) managers
Pao-Lu Hsu or Xu Baolu (; September 1, 1910 – December 18, 1970) was a Chinese mathematician noted for their work in probability theory and statistics.
Life and career
Pao-Lu Hsu was born in Beijing on September 1, 1910, with their ancestral home in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. They were from a prominent intellectual family. In their childhood, they received solid training in both traditional Chinese and modern western cultures. They graduated from Tsinghua University in 1933, majoring in mathematics. After their graduation, they worked at Peking University as a teacher. In the meantime, they published a joint paper with Tsai-han Kiang (Jiang Zehan) on the numbers of nondegenerate critical points, which showed their solid mathematical foundation and research capability. In 1936, they went to University College London and spend four years studying mathematical statistics. During this period, with their strong mathematical skill combining with advanced statistical ideas, they wrote a series remarkable papers. They earned their Ph.D. in 1938 and Sc.D. in 1940. From London, they returned to China, accepting a professorship in the Department of Mathematics, Peking University. Nevertheless, the ensuing years were a period of great difficulty and hardship for him. During the years 1943–44, they corresponded with Jerzy Neyman (who was by this time at Berkeley) about statistics-related matters, but also mentioning in these letters the great hardship they were suffering, particularly starvation.
In 1945, they went to the United States, visiting the University of California at Berkeley, Columbia University, and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. In 1947, they returned to Beijing and thereafter they were engaged in teaching mathematics at Peking University for more than 20 years. Unfortunately, poor health had dogged Hsu from 1950 onward. Although many concerned about their health repeatedly suggested they go abroad to recuperate, they politely refused, insisting on teaching and continuing their research work.
In 1956, Dr. Hsu was made Director of the first research institute for probability and statistics to be established in China. But their health continued to worsen, forcing them to work at home, which included giving lectures at their home to graduate students and young teachers using a blackboard hanging on a wall of their room.
A month before their death in 1970 their manuscript on the relationship between experimental design and algebraic coding theory was completed, with such being their final legacy. Hsu died in their home on the campus of Peking University on December 18, 1970, from chronic tuberculosis. Found beside their bed the day after their death were piles of manuscripts that "serve as a testimony to the super-human fortitude with which they exerted themselves for a period of more than 20 years..." In total, they had published more than 40 papers.
There was a memorial meeting and Pao-Lu Hsu Award in their honor. Hsu is a Fellow of the Institute of Mathematical Statistics (IMS) and Academician of the Academy of Science of China. Memorial meetings were held in 1980, 1990, 2000 & 2010 at Peking University.
Professor Hsu's main research areas were mathematical statistics and probability theory. They were an expert in operating matrix, manipulating characteristic functions and integral transformation. Hsu was a world-class statistician and is considered to be the founder of probability and statistics in China.
They influenced many students such as Theodore Wilbur Anderson, Erich Leo Lehmann, and Chung Kai-lai.
Hsu's work in statistics
In 1938, Hsu's first two statistical papers were published, concerning the Behrens–Fisher problem and an optimal estimate of the variance σ2 in Gauss-Markov processes. In another important paper published around this time, Hsu established the first optimal property for hypotheses in the likelihood-ratio test for univariate linear models, which was also the first nonlocal optimal property for any hypothesis specifying the value of more than one parameter. From 1938 to 1945, Hsu published several papers at the forefront of the development of the theory of multivariate analysis. During this time, they obtained several exact or asymptotic estimates of important statistical distributions in the field of multivariate analysis.
Hsu's work in probability
Hsu was an expert in manipulating characteristic functions, which they used as a tool in obtaining the distributions of certain random variables and in determining the limiting distribution of series of random variables (as in the Hsu–Robbins–Erdős theorem for which they are partially named).
Another example of Hsu' work in this field, published around 1940, concerned a solution to the most general form of the Central Limit Theorem, which drew the attention of many famed mathematicians, such as Paul Lévy, William Feller, Andrey Kolmogorov, and Boris Gnedenko. Hsu made contributions to this problem in their paper, "A general weak limit theorem for independent distributions,", a manuscript mailed to Kai Lai Chung in 1947. In this paper, Hsu independently obtained a necessary and sufficient condition under which the row sums of a triangular matrix of infinitesimal random variables, independent in each row, will converge in distribution to a given infinitely divisible distribution. Despite the fact that Gnedenko obtained the same result in 1944, Hsu's method is direct and has its own trait.
Publications
Collected Papers by P. L. Hsu; edited by K.L. Chung, Springer-VerLag. (1983) .New York ; .
许宝騄. (1982). 抽样论. 北京, 北京大学出版杜.
References
1910 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Chinese mathematicians
Educators from Beijing
Mathematicians from Beijing
Members of Academia Sinica
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
National Southwestern Associated University faculty
Peking University alumni
Peking University faculty
Hewitt is an unincorporated community in Swain County, North Carolina, United States. Hewitt is located along US 74, West of Bryson City and East of Topton.
A talc and limestone mine is located in Hewitt.
References
External links
USGS: Hewitt
Travel Western North Carolina: Hewitt, WCU Digital Collections
Unincorporated communities in Swain County, North Carolina
Communities of the Great Smoky Mountains
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
Elise Bartlett (born Elise Bartlett Porter; October 5, 1897 – May 22, 1947) was an American actor who appeared in numerous stage productions throughout the 1920s and 1930s, as well as several feature films, including the 1929 film Show Boat. They were born into a rich and aristocratic family.
Bartlett's several marriages were well reported during their life, which included to Joseph Schildkraut, who they divorced in 1930, Horace Liveright which lasted just several months and later Michel Picard. They died in May 1947 of alcoholism.
Early life
Born in Union City, Tennessee, Bartlett grew up in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where they lived with their parents and an African-American house servant named Sarah Garnell. They were educated at a convent in Paris and returned to the United States in May 1914. They had always wanted to perform on stage since they were a baby. They used the first two parts of their name for their stage name, dropping their surname of Porter. From watching their first play at Nixon's Theater, their big ambition was to then become an actor, dreaming of "seeing their name in electric bulbs on Broadway." They learnt various languages to perfection outside their stage career, including German, French, Spanish as well as their native English and would spend considerable time studying, as well as training in singing, fencing and dancing.
Career
Among Bartlett's earliest reported play credits were in Here Comes The Bride and The Gipsy Trail in May 1918, the latter of which they were described as being "a lovely young girl". They appeared alongside Leo Carrillo in a production of The Bad Man, changing their gown several times as they did not feel their choices matched the mood they wanted to convey.
In May 1930, they presided over a meeting of notable stage stars in a campaign to increase support for the Civic Repertory Theater.
Bartlett lived in California for six years before moving to New York and appeared in 13 plays, such as Pagan Lady. Throughout 1934–1936, they had a hiatus in their stage career of around two years due to their interest in tung trees and they became "intensely interested" in their development during a visit to the family's summer residence in Florida. They stated that they were likely to return for an engagement in Chicago in 1936 and planned to remain an actor "for another five years."
They featured in the film Show Boat, as well as stage productions So To Bed, Lilliom and Children of the Moon to name a few.
Personal
Bartlett was described as a well educated "blue grass beauty" and was born into a rich and aristocratic family. Them father, M. Madison Russell Porter, was a member of the East India Company and would often travel around the world in their capacity as a phosphate manufacturer. Them mother was Ella B Porter and maternal grandmother was Ella S Bartlett. They were the only daughter of their parents.
Marriages
Joseph Schildkraut
Bartlett first met Joseph Schildkraut in their dressing room when they approached them to audition for the part of Solveig in one of their plays. Schildkraut was heralded as "the handsomest man in the world" by Max Reinhardt, a title they resented. They were born in Romania to a Romanian father Rudolph Schildkraut, a distinguished actor and a Hungarian mother, although also had Turkish and Spanish ancestry. They were married in Philadelphia City Hall in the presence of their parents on April 2, 1922, following Schildkraut's engagement in 'Liliom' at which point the couple then sailed to Europe. Upon their marriage, Bartlett lost their American citizenship, though this was restored by the Federal Court in 1926.
Reports emerged in 1926 that the couple were to be divorced, just over 3 years after getting married. It was reported that shortly after their marriage, the couple disagreed on ways in which they could improve the other's performances, in particular from Schildkraut who was critical of Bartlett only following their marriage. Bartlett said that in the climax of a love scene between the couple, Schildkraut would whisper "mean remarks" in their ear regarding their acting ability, while they had to pretend to be "almost faint with love." They would also endure physical hurt, such as pinching until they eventually "exploded" in 1925 and disclosed the nature of their relationship while filing for divorce in Chicago, which their husband did not take seriously, reasoning that divorce was "impossible" as they both loved each other. Bartlett instead considered that a "stage divorce" may be more appropriate, where they would not play together in the same company or criticize the work of each other for a five year period. This ultimately did not bore out as envisaged and Schildkraut noted that "if my wife wishes to be freed from me I shall probably not make any contest", commenting that while they still loved her, they would not live unhappily. They were ultimately awarded a divorce on June 9, 1930 in an agreement reached out of court, in which Schildkraut would have to pay their wife a $250 weekly alimony and divide $20,000 worth of "community property".
Horace Liveright
In December 1931, Bartlett announced their engagement to producer and publisher Horace Liveright, having known each other for eight years. Liveright by that time was managing Bartlett. Just four months of living together, the couple filed for divorce, with Bartlett saying that "my marriage to them was just something I shouldn't have done. I found that out immediately after we were married." They described them as a "charming fellow" and had no resentment, despite reports of physical abuse between the couple.
Michel Picard
Them final marriage was to Longshore Beach and Country Club manager Michel Picard. The marriage was performed by Justice of the Peace John Carpenter with just one witness. Picard had previously been married to Leona Lane who they divorced in 1930. Bartlett had known Picard for ten years and said they "simply adores" him.
Death
Bartlett died suddenly at a local hospital in Daytona Beach on May 23, 1947 from alcoholism. They were survived by their father and the funeral was arranged by Baggett-McIntosh. They were buried in Highland Memorial Park in Ocala, Florida.
References
External links
1897 births
1947 deaths
20th-century American actores
American film actores
Alcohol-related deaths in Florida
The white-breasted whistler (Pachycephala lanioides) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is endemic to Australia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
Alternate names for the white-breasted whistler include white-bellied thickhead and white-bellied whistler. The latter name should not be confused with the species of the same name, Pachycephala leucogastra.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. l. carnarvoni - (Mathews, 1913): Found in coastal western Australia
P. l. lanioides - Gould, 1840: Found in coastal northwestern Australia
P. l. fretorum - De Vis, 1889: Originally described as a separate species. Found in coastal northern Australia
References
white-breasted whistler
Birds of the Northern Territory
Birds of Western Australia
Endemic birds of Australia
white-breasted whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
House at 137 Prospect Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built about 1875 and is a two-story, rectangular clapboard residence with a combination of a cross-gable and shallow hipped roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a three-story tower with a multi-gabled roof and bracketed overhanging eaves.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1875
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
A Portuguese netlabel launched by Stealing Orchestra in 2001.
The original idea was to create a way to freely share EPs by the band or their side projects but soon it expanded to include items by other artists.
Discography
031 - Stealing Orchestra - Deliverance (First paid album, also released in CD)
030 - Dr. Phibes & The Ten Plagues of Egypt - Le Sacre du Printemps (Le Sacrifice)
029 - G.G. Allin's Dick - Groovy Tunes for Old Ladies
028 - G.G. Allin's Dick - Grandes Éxitos
027 - Dr. Phibes & The Ten Plagues of Egypt - Carmina Burana
026 - Luís Antero - Sinfonia Amphibia
025 - Invacuo - Mark Twain in Japan
024 - Sta. Apolónia - EP I
023 - Dr. Phibes & The Ten Plagues of Egypt - Music of the Gods - Vol. II
022 - Dr. Phibes & The Ten Plagues of Egypt - Music of the Gods - Vol. I
021 - Zoogoo - Zoogoo
020 - Duo Inmortales - Legends of Domination
019 - The Crevulators - The Crevulators
018 - Party People in a Can - Way off, where the Spirits are
017 - V/A - You Are Not Stealing Bor Land
016 - Nobody's Bizness - Ao Vivo Na Capela da Misericórdia (Sines 2005)
015 - Slipper - Attack of the Killer Lobsters
014 - The Transmitters (band) - Count Your Blessings (1987/89)
013 - Worriedaboutsatan - Worriedaboutsatan
012 - I.T.B.A. - In Rain... I Wonder
011 - Sparkles - Saleko
010 - Dr. Frankenstein - The Cursed Tapes
009 - Vincent Bergeron - L'Art du Désarroi
008 - Someone Else - You Can Name This EP
007 - The Prostitutes - Live At Porto-Rio
006 - G.G. Allin's Dick - King of the Road
005 - Sir Edmund et L'Autre - Ne peuvent être vendus séparément
004 - Children for Breakfast - Ham
003 - Stealing Orchestra - The Haunted and Almost Lost Songs 97-98
002 - Stealing Orchestra - Bu!
001 - Stealing Orchestra - É Português? Não Gosto!
External links
You Are Not Stealing Records Website
You Are Not Stealing Records at myspace
You Are Not Stealing Records at Free Music Archive
You Are Not Stealing Records at discogs
References
Netlabels
Portuguese independent record labels
Online music stores of Portugal
Almirante Sur is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,115.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Almirante Sur barrio was 847.
Notable people
Bad Bunny, Platinum rapper, singer, record producer, actor, and professional wrestler.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Ayaz Memon (born 3 August 1955) is an Indian sports writer, journalist, columnist, author and former lawyer. They were born in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
Early life
Ayaz is a graduate in economics and law from Bombay University. They started their career as sports writer and went on to edit newspapers like Mid-Day, Bombay Times and DNA apart from being editor of Sportsweek magazine and sports editor of the Times of India and the Independent at various stages. Their passion for cricket influenced their decision not to follow in their father's footsteps as a lawyer.
Career
After graduating in economics and law from Bombay University, Ayaz pursued journalism as a career after a chance job with Sportsweek magazine in 1978 while still at law school. They went on to edit newspapers like Mid-Day, Bombay Times and DNA apart from being editor of Sportsweek magazine and sports editor of the Times of India and the Independent at various stages.  They are now consulting editor with NewsX and a columnist with Hindustan Times, Mint, Mail Today, Deccan Chronicle and occasionally Times of India.
In the course of their career Ayaz has covered over 300 Test matches and more than 400 One-Day Internationals all over the world. They have also covered 9 Cricket World Cups, the 2006 FIFA World Cup, the 1988 Olympics, Wimbledon in 1991 and 1993, the 1998 and 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 1990 Asian Games. They also covered the 2015 Cricket World Cup Final on Huffingston Post.
Ayaz Memon's presence in electronic media can be seen through their Twitter account @cricketwallah. They currently do show such as Firstpost Gameplan where they review the IPL matches. Recently, Ayaz has teamed up with a media agency named DigiOsmosis and is starting a sports website named 'Sportswallah.com'. Ayaz also does a daily news FB live bulletin with Sportswallah which can be seen on the 'Sportswallah' FB page.  They are also working on an illustrated history of Indian cricket and a script for a film project based on sports and politics in India.
 They are one of the few people to have watched Kapil Dev's 175*(138) in India vs Zimbabwe in the 1983 Cricket World Cup live. The crowd size was around 15-20 people and the BBC didn't film or record the match as they were on a single day strike, making them one of the few eye-witnesses of the legendary match.
Books
Ayaz has also authored or co-authored several books such as the Wills Book of Excellence on One-Day Cricket to coincide with the World Cup, Wills Book of Excellence on One-Day Cricket again for the World Cup, Thunder Down Under, about the 1991-92 World Cup, The Best in the World: India's Ten Greatest World Cup Matches, co-authored with actor and cricket enthusiast, Tom Alter, 2003.  They are currently working on an illustrated history of Indian cricket. Ayaz has recently written books such as Sachin Tendulkar: Master Blaster, Virat Kohli: Reliable Rebel, MS Dhoni: Captain Cool and Yuvraj Singh: Powerful Elegance.
Personal life
Ayaz Memon is married to Ambreen Memon.
References
American sports journalists
Indian cricket commentators
Indian sports broadcasters
Indian Muslims
Gujarati people
Indian male journalists
1951 births
Living people
Cirrhilabrus is a genus of fish in the family Labridae native to reefs in the Indian and Pacific Ocean, commonly kept in aquaria.
Species
There are currently 60 recognized species in this genus:
Cirrhilabrus adornatus J. E. Randall & Kunzmann, 1998 (Red-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus africanus Victor, 2016 (African long-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus aurantidorsalis G. R. Allen & Kuiter, 1999 (Orangeback fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus balteatus J. E. Randall, 1988 (Girdled fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus bathyphilus J. E. Randall & Nagareda, 2002 (Deep-water fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus beauperryi G. R. Allen, Drew & Barber, 2008 (Beau's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus blatteus V. G. Springer & J. E. Randall, 1974 (Purple-boned fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus briangreenei
Cirrhilabrus brunneus G. R. Allen, 2006 (Dusky fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus cenderawasih G. R. Allen & Erdmann, 2006 (Cenderawasih fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus claire J. E. Randall & Pyle, 2001 (Claire's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus condei G. R. Allen & J. E. Randall, 1996 (Conde's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus cyanogularis Y.K. Tea, B.W. Frable, & A. Gill, 2018 (Blue-throated fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus cyanopleura (Bleeker, 1851) (Blueside wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus earlei J. E. Randall & Pyle, 2001 (Orange-striped fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus efatensis F. Walsh, Tea & Tanaka, 2017 (hooded fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus exquisitus J. L. B. Smith, 1957 (Exquisite fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus filamentosus (Klausewitz, 1976) (Whip-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus finifenmaa (Y. K. Tea, Nejeeb, Rowlett & Rocha, 2022) (Rose-veiled fairy wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus flavidorsalis J. E. Randall & K. E. Carpenter, 1980 (Yellow-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus humanni G. R. Allen & Erdmann, 2012 (Humann's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus hygroxerus G. R. Allen & M. P. Hammer, 2016 (Monsoon fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus isosceles Y. K. Tea, Senou & Greene, 2016 (Pin-tail fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus joanallenae G. R. Allen, 2000 (Joan's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus johnsoni J. E. Randall, 1988 (Johnson's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus jordani Snyder, 1904 (Flame fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus katherinae J. E. Randall, 1992 (Katherine's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus katoi Senou & Hirata, 2000
Cirrhilabrus laboutei J. E. Randall & Lubbock, 1982 (Laboute's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus lanceolatus J. E. Randall & H. Masuda, 1991 (Long-tailed fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus lineatus J. E. Randall & Lubbock, 1982 (Purple-lined fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus lubbocki J. E. Randall & K. E. Carpenter, 1980 (Lubbock's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus lunatus J. E. Randall & H. Masuda, 1991
Cirrhilabrus luteovittatus J. E. Randall, 1988 (Yellow-band fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus marinda G. R. Allen, Erdmann & Dailami, 2015 (Sail-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus marjorie G. R. Allen, J. E. Randall & B. A. Carlson, 2003 (Marjorie's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus melanomarginatus J. E. Randall & S. C. Shen, 1978 (Black-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus morrisoni G. R. Allen, 1999 (Morrison's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus nahackyi F. M. Walsh & H. Tanaka, 2012 (Nahacky's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus naokoae J. E. Randall & H. Tanaka, 2009 (Naoko's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus punctatus J. E. Randall & Kuiter, 1989 (Dotted fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus pylei G. R. Allen & J. E. Randall, 1996 (Pyle's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus randalli G. R. Allen, 1995 (Randall's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rhomboidalis J. E. Randall, 1988 (Rhomboid fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus roseafascia J. E. Randall & Lubbock, 1982 (Pink-banded fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rubeus Victor, 2016 (Ruby long-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rubrimarginatus J. E. Randall, 1992 (Red-margined fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rubripinnis J. E. Randall & K. E. Carpenter, 1980 (Redfin wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rubrisquamis J. E. Randall & Emery, 1983 (Rosy-scales fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus rubriventralis V. G. Springer & J. E. Randall, 1974 (Long-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus ryukyuensis Ishikawa, 1904
Cirrhilabrus sanguineus Cornic, 1987 (Red-blotched fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus scottorum J. E. Randall & Pyle, 1989 (Scott's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus shutmani Y.K. Tea & Gill, 2017 (Magma fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus solorensis Bleeker 1853 (Red-eye fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus squirei F. M. Walsh, 2014 (Squire's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus temminckii Bleeker, 1853 (Thread-fin fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus tonozukai G. R. Allen & Kuiter, 1999 (Tono's fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus wakanda Tea, Pinheiro, Shepherd & Rocha, 2019 (Vibranium fairy wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus walindi G. R. Allen & J. E. Randall, 1996 (Walindi fairy-wrasse)
Cirrhilabrus walshi J. E. Randall & Pyle, 2001
References
Labridae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Coenraad Jacob Temminck
Taxa named by Hermann Schlegel
Xinglong Lake () is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China.
Station layout
Gallery
References
Railway stations in Sichuan
Railway stations in China opened in 2018
Chengdu Metro stations
Exton Sayer (c.1691-1731), of Doctors' Commons, London, was an English lawyer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1726 to 1731. At their death they held several important legal positions.
Sayer was the eldest son of George Sayer of Doctors' Commons and their wife Mary Exton, daughter of Everard Exton, proctor of Doctors' Commons. They were admitted at Lincoln's Inn on 20 May 1709 and at Trinity Hall, Cambridge on 11 June 1709. They were awarded LL.B. in 1713, and was a Fellow of Trinity Hall from 1714 to 1724. In 1718 they were awarded LL.D. and succeeded their grandfather as proctor of Doctors' Commons. They married Catherine Talbot, daughter of William Talbot, Bishop of Durham on 6 February 1724 and then became Chancellor of Durham diocese. They also obtained valuable leases of ecclesiastical coal-bearing lands. In 1727 they succeeded their father.
Sayer was returned as Member of Parliament for Helston, as a ministerial nominee, at a by-election on 13 May 1726 and quickly became one of the leading government spokespersons. They became Admiralty Advocate on 30 March 1727. At the 1727 British general election they were returned as MP for Totnes. On 26 February 1730 they led for the Government against an opposition sponsored petition to end the monopoly of the East India Company. They were appointed Surveyor general of Crown lands in 1730.
Sayer died without issue from a riding accident on 24 September 1731 and was buried in Durham Cathedral.
References
1691 births
1731 deaths
Lawyers from London
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Totnes
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for constituencies in Cornwall
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
Politicians from London
The Château de Brosse is a ruined castle in the commune of Chaillac, near Saint-Benoît-du-Sault in the Indre département of France.
History
Located in the former province of Berry, the castle was built during the 10th century by the Viscount of Limoges, husband of Rothilde de Brosse.
The fortress, which belonged to the seigneurs of Brosse (now part of Chaillac), Chauvigny and Bourbon-Montpensier), was burned by the English during the Hundred Years' War.
Architecture
All that remains today are the circular keep and its curtain wall (13th century) and their flanking towers, altered in the 15th century. The enceinte running along the promontory is from the end of the 13th century.
« ...
Tes ruines à Brosse ont la fierté de l'aigle
Vainement le débris près de la tombe gît
Brosse ! Brosse ! à ce nom tout un passé surgit
Un passé de bravoure où l'honneur est la règle
... »
(Extract from a poem by Émile Vinchon)
It has been listed as a monument historique since 1935 by the French Ministry of Culture.
See also
List of castles in France
Notes
Ruined castles in Centre-Val de Loire
Indre
Abraham Patusca da Silveira, best known as Araken Patusca or Araken (17 July 1905 – 24 January 1990), was a Brazilian footballer who played as a striker. They were born in Santos.
Throughout their career (1923–1937), they played for Santos FC, Club Athletico Paulistano, Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, São Paulo. Having been three consecutive times runner-up with Santos (1927, 1928, 1929) at the Campeonato Paulista, they won the title with them in 1931, and then in 1935 with Independente. With Siriri, Feitiço, Evengelista and Camarão formed one of the most important attacking lines of the 1920s. In 1928, they were the top goalscorer of the Campeonato Paulista.
They scored the 1000th goal in Santos FC history against Atlas Flamengo in 1929. In total they scored 182 goals in 193 matches for Santos.
With the Brazilian national team they participated in the first edition of the World Cup in 1930, playing one match against Yugoslavia. They died at 84 years old.
Honours
Club
Campeonato Paulista:
São Paulo: 1931
Santos FC: 1935
Individual
Campeonato Paulista top scorer:
Santos FC: 1927 (31 goals)
References and footnotes
1905 births
1990 deaths
Sportspeople from Santos, São Paulo
1930 FIFA World Cup players
Brazilian footballers
Brazil international footballers
Santos FC players
São Paulo FC players
Association football forwards
Piyoli Phukan is a black & white Assamese language film directed by Phani Sarma, released in 1955. The film is based on the life and struggle of a historical character of Assam, Piyoli Phukan, son of Badan Borphukan, who revolted against British occupation. They were sentenced to death and hanged in 1830 at Jorhat. The film is produced by Gama Prasad Agarwalla under the banner of Rupjyoti Productions, Tezpur, Assam. Music is composed by Bhupen Hazarika. Piyoli Phukan is the first Assamese film, which got national recognition. The film was honoured by the Certificate of Merit in State Awards, 1956.
Plot
Piyoli Phukan was the son of Badan Borphukan. Badan is considered as a villain in Assam History. They brought Mansena (Burmese Army) to Assam to destroy their motherland. At first the British came to save Assamese people from the Burmese, but after the Treaty of Yandabo in 1826, they occupied Assam. There was massive protest against the British occupation of Assam. Badan Barphukan was a traitor though their son Piyli was a patriot. The film depicts vividly how Piyoli along with Gomdhar Konwar revolted against the British colonizers. They organized people to revolt against the British. Accordingly, they plotted for a massive armed attack on the British. But the British smelt the conspiracy and just before execution of the plan, Piyoli Phukan was arrested on the ground of hatching a plot against the British. Eventually Piyoli was sentenced to death and hanged July 26, 1830 after a trial.
Cast
Phani Sarma (Gomdhar Konwar)
Chandradhar Goswami (Piyoli Phukan)
Eva Asao (Padumi)
Gyanada Kakati (Seuti)
Rebeka Asao (Mrs. Borphuan)
Tulsi Das (Miuram)
Bhupen Baruah (Bharat)
Durga Goswami (Colonel Cooper)
Bibek Agarwalla (Captain)
Ramesh Sarma (Haranath)
Hiren Choudhury
Neimuddin
Bina Das
Dulal Goswami
Nipon Goswami (child artist)
References
External links
1955 films
Indian black-and-white films
Films set in Assam
Best Assamese Feature Film National Film Award winners
1950s Assamese-language films
Indian historical films
1950s historical films
Popsicle is a Good Humor-Breyers brand of ice pop consisting of flavored, colored ice on a stick.
History
In 1905 in Oakland, California, 11-year-old Francis William "Frank" Epperson was mixing a powdered flavoring for soft drinks with water. They accidentally left it on the back porch overnight, with a stirring stick still in it. That night, the temperature dropped below freezing, and the next morning, Epperson discovered the drink had frozen to the stick, inspiring the idea of a fruit-flavored "Popsicle".
In 1922, they introduced the creation at a firefighter's ball, where according to reports it was "a sensation". In 1923, Epperson began selling the frozen pops to the public at Neptune Beach, an amusement park in Alameda, California. By 1924 Epperson had received a patent for their "frozen confectionery" which they called "the Epsicle ice pop". They renamed it to Popsicle, allegedly at the insistence of their children. Popsicles were originally sold in fruity flavors and marketed as a "frozen drink on a stick."
Lawsuit and sale
Six months after receiving a patent for the Popsicle, Good Humor sued Popsicle Corporation. By October 1925, the parties settled out of court. Popsicle agreed to pay Good Humor a license fee to manufacture what was called frozen suckers from ice and sherbet products. Good Humor reserved the right to manufacture these products from ice cream, frozen custard, and the like.
In 1925, Epperson sold the rights to the Popsicle to the Joe Lowe Company of New York. "I was flat and had to liquidate all my assets," they recalled years later. "I haven't been the same since."
In 1989, Good Humor, now a subsidiary of Unilever, bought the rights to the Popsicle.
Popsicle Pete
In April 1939, Popsicle Pete was introduced on the radio program Buck Rogers in the 25th Century as having won the "Typical American Boy Contest." The character told listeners that they could win presents by sending wrappers from Popsicle products to the manufacturer. Pete continued to appear in the company's advertising campaigns for 50 years. During the 1940s, Popsicle Pete ads were created by Woody Gelman and their partner Ben Solomon, and appeared on Popsicle brand packages for decades.
Products
The Popsicle brand began expanding from its original flavors after being purchased by Good Humor-Breyers in 1989. Under the Popsicle brand, Good Humor-Breyers holds the trademark for both Creamsicle and Fudgsicle. Creamsicle's center is vanilla ice cream, covered by a layer of flavored ice. Fudgsicle, originally sold as Fudgicle, is a flat, frozen dessert that comes on a stick and is chocolate-flavored with a texture somewhat similar to ice cream.
Firecrackers are a brand of Popsicles that come in a shape resembling a firecracker. These take a similar appearance to Wells Dairy's Blue Bunny's Bomb Pop. Slow Melt Pops include a small amount of gelatin that helps them stay frozen longer than traditional ice pops. Slow Melt Pops are available in several varieties.
Yosicles are a brand of Popsicle that contain yogurt. Revello Bars are chocolate covered ice cream on a stick.
Fruit Twisters are a brand of Popsicle that have fruit juice, milk and cane sugar.
See also
Fab (brand)
Ice cream bar
Ice pop
List of frozen dessert brands
Italian ice
Míša
Notes
References
External links
Original patent
Brand name frozen desserts
Brands that became generic
Products introduced in 1905
Unilever brands
was a district in Hyōgo Prefecture. It was formed in 1879 from the territory of the Edo period Akashi Domain. The district ceased to exist on 10 January 1951, when its last remaining municipalities merged into Akashi city. The area that the district once covered is now within Akashi city and western Kobe city.
History
At the beginning of the Meiji era, the Akashi Domain consisted of the town of Akashi and 144 villages. In July 1871 the feudal system of domains and provinces was abolished and Akashi Domain became Akashi Prefecture. In November of the same year Akashi Prefecture merged into Himeji Prefecture, and a few days later it changed its name into Shikama Prefecture. In August 1876 Shikama merged into Hyogo Prefecture. On 8 January 1879 the national law on districts, wards, towns and villages was put into effect in Hyogo Prefecture and the district of Akashi was formed. The district's administration was located in Akashi town. When a new law on towns and villages came into effect in April 1889, the towns and villages of Akashi District underwent various mergers to form the following twelve towns and villages:
Akashi town
Hasetani village
Hayashizaki village
Hirano village
Ikawadani village
Iwaoka village
Kande village
Ōkubo village
Oshibedani village
Tamatsu village
Tarumi village
Uozumi village
On 1 November 1919 Akashi town gained city status and broke away from the district, leaving the eleven villages. In the 1920s a series of changes to laws on local government saw districts in Japan lose their administrative powers, first by the dissolution of district councils in 1923, then the dissolution of district offices in 1926. At this time, districts remained only as a geographical area that was mainly used in the addressing of mail sent to towns and villages.
In November 1928 Tarumi gained status as a town, followed by Ōkubo in April 1938. In July 1941 Tarumi merged into Kobe city, and Hayashizaki merged into Akashi in February 1942. In 1943 Tamatsu and Akashi submitted an application for a merger, but it was rejected. Instead, in March 1947 Tamatsu and six other villages (Hasetani, Hirano, Ikawadani, Kande and Oshibedani) merged into Kobe. On 10 January 1951, Ōkubo and Uozumi merged into Akashi city and the district ceased to exist, with all of its former towns and villages now within the cities Akashi and Kobe.
References
Former districts of Hyōgo Prefecture
"Straightaway" Jazz Themes is an album released by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson containing music composed for the 1961–1962 television series Straightaway. The album was recorded in 1961 and released by Roulette.
Reception
At AllMusic, Scott Yanow gave the album three stars, writing, "this is one of the lesser Maynard recordings from this busy era (none of the material is all that memorable) but fans of their big band should enjoy the somewhat obscure music anyway."
Track listing
All of the tracks were composed by Maynard Ferguson.
"Straightaway" – 2:20
"Apprehensions" – 4:14
"Mambo Le Mans" – 5:10
"Cocky Scott" – 3:44
"Up Shift" – 2:45
"Last Lap" – 3:51
"Melancholia" – 2:23
"Pit Stop" – 2:02
"Stroking" – 5:57
"After the Race" – 2:06
Personnel
Maynard Ferguson – trumpet
Bill Berry – trumpet
Chet Ferretti – trumpet
Don Rader – trumpet
Kenny Rupp – trombone
Ray Winslow – trombone
Lanny Morgan – alto saxophone
Willie Maiden – tenor saxophone, arrangements
Don Menza – tenor saxophone
Frank Hittner – baritone saxophone
Jaki Byard – piano
John Neves – double bass
Rufus Jones – drums
Don Sebesky – arrangements
References
1961 albums
Maynard Ferguson albums
Roulette Records albums
Albums produced by Teddy Reig
Albums arranged by Don Sebesky
Surviving Escobar: Alias JJ (Spanish: Sobreviviendo a Escobar, Alias JJ) is a Colombian crime drama television series produced by Asier Aguilar, based on the book Sobreviviendo a Pablo Escobar by Jhon Jairo Velásquez, the lieutenant and right hand of Pablo Escobar, and stars Juan Pablo Urrego as the titular character. The series premiered in Colombia on Caracol Televisión on 8 February 2017 as Alias J.J., lo que pasa tras las rejas, and concluded on 23 May 2017. On Netflix the series premiered on 1 August 2017 with a total of sixty episodes.
The first episode of the series debuted with a total of 8.4 million viewers in Colombia, becoming the most watched production at 10:00pm, and surpassing El Comandante of RCN Televisión. Due to its good acceptance by the Colombian audience, the series was extended to 69 episodes, of the 60 that had already been sold internationally. The last episode aired on 23 May 2017, averaged a total of 9.8 million viewers, ranking third among the most viewed programs nationwide in Colombia.
Plot
Sobreviviendo a Escobar recounts the life of Alias "JJ" after becoming the only survivor of the so-called "Extraditables". Everything begins in the decline of Pablo Escobar, when Alias "JJ" decides to surrender to justice. Already in prison they must face their enemies and use all their tactics not only to survive, but to establish again as a great capo inside the prison and continue their reign of terror, returning to be a feared drug trafficker from the prison.
Cast
Juan Pablo Urrego as Jhon Jairo Velásquez
Amparo Grisales as Mónica Machado
Nicole Santamaría as Alexandra Restrepo
Elkin Díaz as Abel Mahecha
Pacho Rueda as Pedro “El Potro” Rentería
Lina Marcela Castrillón as Victoria de Mahecha
Toto Vega as Iván Darío Urrego Cuartas
Ramsés Ramos as Comandante / Tulio Galeno
Mario Bolaños as Carlos Castañeda
Juan Felipe Muñoz as alias "Piojo"
Frank Beltrán as Leonidas Caicedo alias "Zurcido"
Adrián Jiménez as Duván
Victoria Hernández as Rosa Restrepo Jaramillo
Ulices González as «gordo Robledo»
Salvador Puentes as alias "3H"
Natasha Klauss as Ana María Solozábal
Special participation
Juan Pablo Franco as Pablo Emilio Escobar Gaviria
Angélica Blandón as Lorenza Penagos
Luis Mesa as Ignacio Molina
Héctor Hernández as Gabriel Mendoza
Julio Sanchez Coccaro as Eduardo Bejarano
Episodes
References
External links
Colombian drama television series
Spanish-language television shows
2017 Colombian television series debuts
2017 Colombian television series endings
Caracol Televisión original programming
2010s Colombian television series
Television shows set in Bogotá
Television shows set in Medellín
Television shows set in Cali
Spanish-language Netflix original programming
Works about Colombian drug cartels
Seattle is regarded as a world center for coffee roasting and coffee supply chain management. Related to this, many of the city's inhabitants are coffee enthusiasts; the city is known for its prominent coffee culture and numerous coffeehouses.
Coffee consumption and culture
People in Seattle consume more coffee than in any other American city; one study stated that there are 35 coffee shops per 100,000 residents and that Seattle people spend an average of $36 a month on coffee. It is nearly impossible to walk past a single block in a commercial area in Seattle without walking past at least one coffee shop. Coffee drinkers can get coffee at a local sidewalk stand, parking lot, tiny coffee houses, big coffee houses, drive-through, and even delivery.
Several Seattle Ethiopian restaurants carry forward one or another degree of Ethiopian coffee tradition, which includes doing their own roasting. These include the Jebena Cafe in Pinehurst, Kaffa Coffee & Wine Bar in the Rainier Valley, and Adey Abeba in the Central District.
In the early 2000s in Seattle a coffee concept called the bikini barista began to be implemented by various marketers throughout the area. Coffee distribution in this business model utilizes baristas wearing little clothing to prepare and serve the coffee.
Roasters
Numerous coffee roasting companies are headquartered in Seattle, including Conduit Coffee Roasters, Fonté Coffee Roasters, River Trail Roasters, Caffè Umbria, Torrefazione Italia, Fremont Coffee Company, Herkimer Coffee, Seattle Coffee Works, Kuma Coffee, Caffe Appassionato, Caffe Ladro and Ladro Roasting, Top Pot Coffee Roasters, Victrola Coffee Roasters, Lighthouse Roasters, and Zoka Coffee Roaster and Tea Company. National chains active in Seattle include:
Starbucks
Starbucks is Seattle's largest coffee retailer. It was founded in 1971 in Pike Place Market as a roaster, but only later became an espresso bar. In 1984 ownership of the company changed and Howard Schultz led a massive international expansion of the company. In 2003, Starbucks acquired pioneering Seattle roaster Seattle's Best Coffee (SBC, originally Stewart Brothers' Coffee).
Tully's Coffee
Tully's Coffee was at one time Seattle's second-largest coffee retailer. As of March 2018 there no longer are any Tully's retail locations in the United States. Tom Tully O'Keefe founded the chain in Kent, Washington in 1992 to rival the expansion of Starbucks with an alternative business model.
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company
Caffé Vita Coffee Roasting Company was founded in 1995 to produce excellent artisan coffee and to implement an ethical model for coffee production which bypassed the fair trade business model and sourced coffee beans directly from the farmers producing it.
Espresso Vivace
Espresso Vivace is a set of coffeehouses and a roaster. Founded in 1988 by a Boeing engineer, the coffee is produced to exacting specifications to match the owner's taste and the taste of patrons who prefer this different blend.
Stumptown
Portland-based Stumptown Coffee Roasters opened a roasting facility in Seattle in 2010.
On October 6, 2015, it was announced that San Francisco-based Peet's Coffee (a division of JAB Holding Company of Germany, since 2012) would acquire Stumptown.
Coffeehouses
Seattle coffeehouse culture includes chains, such as Starbucks, Tully's Coffee and Seattle's Best Coffee, alongside many independently owned coffee shops. Independently owned coffee shops include Café Allegro, Caffé D'arte, Caffè Umbria, Caffe Ladro, Caffé Vita, Espresso Vivace, Monorail Espresso, Top Pot Doughnuts, Elm Coffee Roasters, Slate Coffee, Victrola, and Zoka Coffee.
Café Allegro
Café Allegro is a coffeeshop in University District. Its founder worked with Starbucks roasters to develop the original Starbucks espresso roast, which is darker than most other roasts but still lighter than the darkest roast. That espresso roast remains the standard Starbucks espresso offering, but it was developed for Café Allegro.
Last Exit on Brooklyn
The Last Exit on Brooklyn was a coffee house which opened in 1967 and closed in 2000. It was a gathering place for high-level chess players and intellectuals, and the proprietor worked to "create a haven where students and the benign crazies" were welcome and where "everyone felt equal and there were no sacred cows".
Top Pot Doughnuts
Top Pot Doughnuts was founded in 2002 on Capitol Hill as a pastry bakery which also roasts and sells coffee. It has since expanded to locations across the Puget Sound region and Dallas, Texas.
Bauhaus Coffee and Books
A precursor to Top Pot Doughnuts; Bauhaus was founded on October 5, 1993, and is notable for an unusual coffeehouse space design, which the Top Pot Doughnuts co-founders later applied to its design. While the original location closed on October 5, 2013, a new Capitol Hill location later opened that year, following two new locations in Ballard and Green Lake. All three were closed abruptly on December 13, 2015. Owner Joel Radin filed bankruptcy in February 2017.
Coffee technology
In 2007 the Coffee Equipment Company released a product called the Clover, which was a machine which brewed coffee one cup at a time. The company was acquired by Starbucks who now produces the Clover.
Coffee events
Coffee: World in your Cup is the name of an exhibition and community series which premiered in Seattle through most of 2009 at the Burke Museum. The exhibition includes displays of equipment at the museum and a lecture series with talks in various locations wherein experts talk about aspects of the coffee industry.
The World Barista Championship was held in Seattle in April 2015. The competition, and its winner Sasa Sestic, were the subject of a documentary film The Coffee Man.
Seattle coffee in popular culture
In the NBC series Frasier, the characters are often seen drinking coffee at the fictional Café Nervosa, which is said to have been inspired by the real-life Elliott Bay Café.
See also
Coffee in Portland, Oregon
References
External links
Seattle
Culture of Seattle
Tourist attractions in Seattle
Erigeron lanatus is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name woolly fleabane. It is native to western North America, where it occurs in the mountains straddling the border between British Columbia and Alberta and Montana, with isolated populations occurring as far north as Yukon and as far south as Colorado.
Erigeron lanatus is a small perennial herb growing just a few centimeters tall. The leaves are mostly basal, each roughly lance-shaped and up to 3 centimeters (1.2 inches) long. They are coated in loose, woolly fibers. The inflorescence is made up of one flower head with white or purple-tinged ray florets measuring about 1 centimeter (0.4 inches) long. The head is lined with hairy purple or purple-tipped phyllaries. Blooming occurs in July and August. The head is an achene with a pappus of bristles.
Erigeron lanatus grows in high-elevation subalpine and alpine climates. It is most often found growing in limestone scree. It has been seen growing with Siberian aster (Aster sibiricus) and starwort (Stellaria americana).
Hiking and mining may threaten this species in some areas.
References
lanatus
Flora of Western Canada
Plants described in 1834
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Kevin Harrington (born 4 September 1959) is an Australian stage, television and film actor and comedian who is perhaps best known for their roles as Kevin Findlay on the Australian drama SeaChange in the 1990s and as David Bishop on the soap opera Neighbours.
Early life
Harrington was born 4 September 1959, in Melbourne, Victoria. They graduated at Caroline Chisholm Catholic College in 1977.
Career
On Neighbours, they first appeared as best man at their father Harold's wedding to Madge in 1988, before becoming a regular in 2003. They were originally chosen partly for their facial resemblance to actor Ian Smith. Their character was killed off in 2005 in a plane crash, alongside on-screen wife Liljana and on-screen daughter Selena.
Harrington has appeared in several other television series, including Blue Heelers and SeaChange. They also are a contributing writer for the program All Together Now. More recently, Kevin appeared in "The Western Red Hill" where they played a cop named Barlow. They played Chris Corrigan's brother Derek Corrigan in the Australian miniseries Bastard Boys in 2007. In 2008, they starred in the hit TV show Underbelly as Moran family patriarch Lewis Moran.
Harrington has also appeared in the movies The Dish, Australian Rules, and The Honourable Wally Norman. For the latter, they received a Best Actor nomination at the 2004 Australian Film Institute Awards.
Before getting into television, they worked in theatre and did stand-up comedy. They also provide voice-overs for radio and television advertisements. In particular, Harrington provided a voice-over for a Victorian Government sponsored television advertisement promoting Vocation Education & Training (VET) and Technical and Further Education (TAFE) courses in October 2006.
Harrington appeared as ultramarathon runner Cliff Young in the 2012 ABC1 telemovie Cliffy.
Personal life
 They are married and has two daughters, Megan and Kaitlyn. Megan once had a recurring role in Neighbours playing Boyd Hoyland's first girlfriend Heather.
Filmography
References
External links
David Neighbours Girls and Boys
Kevin Harrington's Inspirational Quotes
Australian male film actors
Australian male soap opera actors
Australian male voice actors
Male actors from Melbourne
1959 births
Living people
20th-century Australian male actors
21st-century Australian male actors
This is a list of all devices running Microsoft's Windows Phone 8.1 operating system.
In addition to existing Windows Phone 8 partners HTC, Samsung and Huawei, Gionee, JSR, Karbonn, LG, Lenovo, Longcheer, XOLO, and ZTE signed on to create Windows Phone 8.1 devices in early 2014. Miia, Micromax, Prestigio, Yezz, BLU, K-Touch and InFocus were subsequently named as hardware partners later on in the year.
Nokia's devices division was acquired by Microsoft in early 2014 and has since been rebranded as Microsoft Mobile. Microsoft Mobile continued to release Nokia-branded handsets running Windows Phone until a clearer strategy for aligning the Microsoft and Nokia brands was decided on in October 2014. This was to replace the Nokia name on future Lumia devices with Microsoft Lumia branding. The first device released without Nokia branding was the Lumia 535.
Devices
Dual-core 480p
Devices feature a dual core processor, 480p screen with 480x800 resolution and a microSD card reader.
Quad-core 480p
These devices feature quad core processors, 480p screens with 480x800 or 480x854 resolution and microSD card readers. The devices use Snapdragon 200, 400 or 410 processors.
Quad-core 540p
The Microsoft Lumia 535 features a quad core Snapdragon 200 processor, qHD screen at 540x960 resolution and a microSD card reader.
Quad-core 720p
These devices feature quad core processors, 720p screens at 720x1280 resolution and microSD card readers. The devices use Snapdragon 200, 400 or 410 processors.
Quad-core 1080p
These devices feature quad core processors and 1080p screens at 1080x1920 resolution. The Nokia Lumia 930 lacks a microSD card reader and uses a Snapdragon 800 chipset, while the HTC One (M8) with Windows Phone features a card reader and uses a Snapdragon 801 chipset.
See also
Windows Phone version history
Windows Phone 8.1
List of Windows Phone 8 devices
List of Windows 10 Mobile devices
References
Technology-related lists
Lists of mobile phones
The First Century after Beatrice () is a 1992 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The story is set in a near future, where a pharmacological company markets, in the guise of a traditional folk remedy, a drug by which parents can choose to only have sons. The story is told from the first-person point of view of an entomologist. As the disastrous consequences of the skewed male/female birth ratio resulting from the drug multiply, they transition from pondering and documenting them to organizing a body of scientists who attempt to reckon with the disaster.
Reception
John Tague of The Independent wrote: "Although Maalouf's image of the future is not a happy one, this parable never becomes portentous. Their prose achieves an effortless lyricism which is always a pleasure to read - a reason, perhaps, for some little optimism in itself. If someone is going to tell a story about the end of the world, we can glean some comfort from the fact that it is told in a voice as refined and delightful as Amin Maalouf's."
See also
1992 in literature
Contemporary French literature
References
1992 novels
French science fiction novels
Novels by Amin Maalouf
Amanda Farrugia (born 24 January 1985) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Greater Western Sydney Giants in the AFL Women's competition. They were the club's inaugural AFLW captain and played in all 21 possible matches across their three seasons at the club.
Early life and state league football
Farrugia was born and raised in the western suburbs of Sydney in New South Wales. Them parents are of Maltese descent and they attended Our Lady Queen of Peace Primary School, Greystanes. They began playing football in 2011 when they joined Macquarie University in the lower divisions of the Sydney Women's AFL (SWAFL). They missed the 2012 season while completing recovery for a knee reconstruction after sustaining a pre-season injury. In 2013, they won the league's division two best and fairest awards, as well as the division 2 premierships with Macquarie University & was also named Best on Ground in the Grand Final. Farrugia was also awarded 'Best Athlete' at the 2013 Macquarie University Sporting Awards. In 2015, they became captain of the club's division one side, a role they continued into the 2016. They were awarded the Mostyn Medal as the SWAFL's best and fairest player in the 2015 season. They finished second in the 2016 award, behind Sydney University's, Nicola Barr.
Upon completion of the 2017 AFLW season, Farrugia once again returned to captain Macquarie University who finished the 2017 season in 3rd place. Farrugia's brilliant form was once again rewarded with their second Mostyn Medal, as best & fairest player for the Sydney Women's premier division. Nicola Barr polled highly once again to finish runner-up.
In 2016, Farrugia played exhibition series matches for 's representative team. They went on to join the side in the year's women's all star match in September 2016.
AFL Women's career
Farrugia was drafted by the Greater Western Sydney Giants with the club's eight pick and sixty-fourth overall in the 2016 AFL Women's draft. They were named the club's inaugural AFL Women's captain in January 2017.
Greater Western Sydney signed Farrugia for the 2018 season during the trade period in May 2017.
In November 2019, Farrugia announced their retirement from the game.
Statistics
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2017
|
| 18 || 7 || 0 || 0 || 49 || 14 || 63 || 14 || 27 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 7.0 || 2.0 || 9.0 || 2.0 || 3.9
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2018
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 18 || 7 || 2 || 1 || 60 || 29 || 89 || 13 || 36 || 0.3 || 0.1 || 8.6 || 4.1 || 12.7 || 1.9 || 5.1
|- style="background-color: #eaeaea"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2019
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 18 || 7 || 0 || 0 || 33 || 26 || 59 || 11 || 16 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 4.7 || 3.7 || 8.4 || 1.6 || 2.3
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 21
! 2
! 1
! 142
! 69
! 211
! 38
! 79
! 0.1
! 0.0
! 6.8
! 3.3
! 10.0
! 1.8
! 3.8
|}
Personal life
Off-field, Farrugia works as a physical education teacher at Our Lady of Mercy College in Parramatta. They live in the western Sydney suburb of Seven Hills.
Them husband Daniel Repeti is a high school teacher at Wyndham College in Quakers Hill and a professional photographer. They married in 2015 and have two dogs, George and Sasha.
References
External links
Living people
1985 births
Greater Western Sydney Giants (AFLW) players
Australian people of Maltese descent
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Sportspeople from Sydney
Australian rules footballers from New South Wales
Australian schoolteachers
Clear Boggy Creek, also known as the Clear Boggy River, is a creek in southeastern Oklahoma that is a tributary of Muddy Boggy Creek.
Geography
According to some sources, Clear Boggy Creek joins with Muddy Boggy Creek to form the Boggy River. Federal topographic maps and the Geographic Names Information System show Clear Boggy Creek as a tributary to Muddy Boggy Creek, which retains its name below the confluence.
Its gradient is about 15 feet per mile near its headwaters and 3 feet per mile near Boggy Depot and below.
Water in Clear Boggy Creek is more mineralized than in Muddy Boggy Creek.
History
Boggy Depot was established on Clear Boggy Creek.
References
External links
Clear Boggy Watershed
Oklahoma Digital Maps: Digital Collections of Oklahoma and Indian Territory
Rivers of Oklahoma
Rivers of Atoka County, Oklahoma
Tributaries of the Red River of the South
Papyrus 33 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by symbol 𝔓33, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles, it contains only Acts 7:6-10.13-18; 15:21-24.26-32. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the sixth century. 𝔓58 was a part of the same codex to which 𝔓33 belonged.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
It is currently housed at the Austrian National Library (Pap. G. 17973, 26133, 35831, 39783) in Vienna.
See also
List of New Testament papyri
References
Further reading
C. Wessely, Studien zur Paläographie und Papyruskunde XII, (Leipzig 1912), pp. 245.
New Testament papyri
6th-century biblical manuscripts
Biblical manuscripts of the Austrian National Library
Acts of the Apostles papyri
Pemba Tamang (born 11 March 1980) is an Indian sport shooter. They won the gold medal in the Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol (Pairs) with Vijay Kumar and the silver medal in the Men's 25 metre rapid fire pistol at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
The Indian trio of Pemba Tamang, Vijay Kumar and Gurpreet Singh won the silver medal in the 25m centre fire event at the 2014 Asian Games, held at Incheon, South Korea. The team scored a total of 1740, two behind gold medalists China.
References
1980 births
Living people
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Indian Gorkhas
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Asian Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Tamang people
Jean-Louis Bruguès, OP (born 22 November 1943) is a French archbishop of the Catholic Church. They were the Archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church from 2012 to 2018.
Biography
Bruguès was born at Bagnères de Bigorre, in the diocese of Tarbes and Lourdes. They studied at the Faculty of Law of Montpellier (1960-1963) and the Faculty of Arts of Madrid (1963-1964), graduating with Law and Economics degrees. They graduated from the School of Political Science in 1966 with a degree in Political Science. They were selected for the entrance exam to the elite École nationale d'administration, but instead completed a doctorate in theology.
They entered the Dominicans as a novice in Lille (1968-1969). They made their first religious profession on 29 September 1969 and took their solemn vows as a Dominican in 1972. They were ordained a priest on 22 June 1975 in Toulouse.
Bruguès served as prior of the Dominican priories of Toulouse and Bordeaux, and later provincial of the Province of Toulouse. They were also professor of fundamental moral theology at the Catholic Institute of Toulouse and then taught the same subject at the University of Fribourg, where they held the chair in fundamental moral theology from 1997 to 2000.
They were a member of the International Theological Commission from 1986 to 2002 and a member of the National Ethics Consultative Committee of France from 1998 to 2000. They were invited by Jean-Marie Lustiger to preach at the Lenten conferences held at Notre-Dame Cathedral in 1995, 1996, and 1997.
On 20 March 2000, Bruguès was appointed Bishop of Angers by Pope John Paul II. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 30 April from Cardinal Pierre Eyt, with Bishop Jean Orchampt and Archbishop François Saint-Macary serving as co-consecrators.
They were elected to a four-year term as president of the Doctrinal Commission of the French Episcopal Conference in 2002.
On 10 November 2007, Pope Benedict XVI named them Secretary of the Congregation for Catholic Education in the Roman Curia and bestowed upon them the personal title of archbishop.
In October 2009 they were named a consultor to the Pontifical Commission for Latin America. Since 19 November 2009, they have been a consultor of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
On 26 June 2012, Pope Benedict XVI appointed them the Archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church. In March 2014 they announced that the Vatican Library was digitizing approximately 3000 handwritten manuscripts and considering extending the project to cover all its holdings.
Bruguès served as President of the Organizing Committee of the Vatican Foundation Joseph Ratzinger - Benedict XVI for the Symposium on "The Gospels: History and Christology - Research of Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger, Pope Benedict XVI", which was held at the Pontifical Lateran University on 24–26 October
2013.
Select writings
Dictionnaire de morale catholique, CLD, 1991 révisé en 1996
Précis de théologie morale générale, Mame, 1995 (volume 1), 2002 (volume 2)
L'Éternité si proche. Conférence du Carême 1995 à Notre-Dame de Paris, Cerf, 1995
Les Idées heureuses, vertus chrétiennes pour ce temps. Conférence du Carême 1996 à Notre-Dame de Paris, Cerf, 1996
Des combats de lumière. Conférence du Carême 1997 à Notre-Dame de Paris, Cerf, 1997
Chemin faisant. Entretiens spirituels, Cerf, 2016
See also
Vatican Library
References
External links
"Secolarismo e sacerdozio", remarks to the annual assembly of rectors of pontifical seminaries, 3 June 2009
Catholic-Hierarchy
1943 births
Living people
French Dominicans
Bishops of Angers
21st-century Roman Catholic titular archbishops
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in France
Members of the Congregation for Catholic Education
Members of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith
International Theological Commission
Dominican bishops
August Alle ( in Viljandi – 8 July 1952 in Tallinn) was an Estonian writer.
Early life
August Alle was the son of a stonemason. They attended the parish school in Viljandi, then the evening school in Narva. In 1915, they enrolled as an external student in Oryol and began studying pharmacy, but they soon abandoned those studies. From 1915 to 1918 they studied medicine at the University of Saratov. From August 1922 Alle studied law at the University of Tartu. They postponed their final law exams until 1937. They subsequently practiced as a freelance lawyer.
Literary career
After studying medicine August Alle worked in Estonia as a journalist and lecturer, before they are completely devoted themselves to writing. From 1919 they were one of the figures association with the Siuru movement. August Alle was also known as a columnist and literary critic. Their literary breakthrough came with their 1921 poem collection Carmina Barbata.
Their writing was deliberately outrageous, ironic, sarcastic and satirical. They were a master of the epigram and sketches. Their pen was sharp and feared in Estonia. They turned particularly against the emerging middle class of the inter-war period. In their works they drew on their experiences in the revolutionary Petrograd and Tartu in Estonia after the Estonian War of Independence.
August Alle's poetry turned strongly against the fascist tendencies in Europe of that time.
Soviet collaboration
After the Soviet occupation of Estonia in 1940, Alle became an advisor to the Ministry of Education and chairperson of a Soviet Commission that drew up lists of books to be banned and removed from libraries. Among the books banned were works of Sigmund Freud, Rudolf Steiner, Artur Adson, Gustav Suits and Marie Under. In all, 1552 titles were banned.
August Alle belonged to the Board of the Estonian Writers Association. In addition, they were editor at various literary journals. In 1942 they joined the Communist Party of Estonia. During the German invasion, they were director of the press department of the Communist Party.
From 1946 until their death they were a chief editor of the prestigious, though after 1944 Soviet controlled, literary magazine Looming (Estonian for "creation").
Works
Üksinduse saartele (1918)
Carmina Barbata (1921)
Laul kleidist helesinisest ja roosast seelikust (1925)
Ummiklained (1930)
Karmid rütmid (1934)
Lilla elevant (1923)
Epigrams (1944)
References
External links
August Alle at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
1890 births
1952 deaths
Estonian male poets
People from Viljandi
Burials at Metsakalmistu
20th-century Estonian poets
20th-century male writers
University of Tartu alumni
Looming (magazine) editors
Johann Josef Gabriel Netzer (18 March 1808 in Zams – 28 May 1864 in Graz) was an Austrian conductor and composer of early Romanticism.
Education
Josef Netzer was born into a musical family: already their grandfather Blasius Netzer (*1725 in Pfunds, † 1785 in Bludenz) was an accomplished organist and well-known for their compositions. Josef received their first music lessons from their father Christian Netzer, a teacher and organist from Zams. Because their parents wanted them to become a priest, they were sent to Innsbruck to attend the "Gymnasium" (an academic highschool) at the age of 12. Alongside their school attendance they studied playing the piano at the Innsbrucker Musikverein with Martin Goller. After their graduation they settled in Vienna to work with Johann Gänsbacher and Simon Sechter, the teacher of Anton Bruckner. They also got acquainted with Franz Schubert in 1828. Netzer played some of their songs to Schubert and they also played piano duets.
Career
In 1838 Netzer debuted with their compositions in the Wiener Hoftheater. The concert was a huge success and they got the opportunity to present their second symphony in E-Major in another concert. Because of this accomplishments Anton Diabelli printed their first songs "To the lute", "To the moon", "My luck" and "Hakon's song". In 1841 Netzer composed the opera "Mara", premiered at the "Wiener Hofoperntheater" (now Wiener Staatsoper) by the Hofopernorchester (now Vienna Philharmonic). The premiere was Netzers breakthrough and "Mara" is nowadays their most famous opus. They worked as conductor in Vienna (Theater an der Vienna), Mainz, Leipzig and Graz (Graz Opera), where they conducted the first performance of an opera by Richard Wagner in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
Notes
1808 births
1864 deaths
Austrian conductors (music)
Austrian composers
19th-century composers
People from Zams
Rockcastle County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Mt. Vernon. The county was founded in 1810 and named for the Rockcastle River, which runs through it. The river, in turn, is named for its majestic rock cliffs. Rockcastle County is part of the Richmond–Berea, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Lexington-Fayette-Richmond-Frankfort, KY Combined Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Adjacent counties
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,582 people, 6,544 households, and 4,764 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,353 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.81% White, 0.14% Black or African American, 0.24% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.04% from other races, and 0.63% from two or more races. 0.62% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,544 households, out of which 33.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 11.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.20% were non-families. 24.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.40% under the age of 18, 8.80% from 18 to 24, 30.00% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over there were 94.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $23,475 and the median income for a family was $30,278. Males had a median income of $26,770 versus $18,388 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,337. About 19.10% of families and 23.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.30% of those under age 18 and 21.60% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Rockcastle County has been a Republican stronghold since its founding. It has only voted for the Democratic presidential nominee four times, in 1868, 1872, 1876, and 1880. It has also never voted for a Democratic candidate from the county's founding in 1810 until 1868.
Communities
Brodhead
Livingston
Mount Vernon (county seat)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rockcastle County, Kentucky
Rockcastle Regional Hospital and Respiratory Care Center
Goochland Cave
References
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
1810 establishments in Kentucky
Counties of Appalachia
Kentucky counties
Populated places established in 1810
Richmond–Berea micropolitan area
Jonathan Figy (born 25 August 2001) is an Emirati cricketer. In December 2019, they were named in the One Day International (ODI) squad for the 2019 United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series. They made their ODI debut for the UAE, against Scotland on 15 December 2019, and was one of three university students in the UAE's team. Later the same month, they were named in the UAE's squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In the UAE's first match of the tournament, against Canada, they scored an unbeaten 102 runs. It was the first century by a batsman for the United Arab Emirates in a U19 Cricket World Cup match. They were the leading run-scorer for the UAE in the tournament, with 197 runs in six matches.
Figy was born in Dubai to Indian parents. Their father is a Catholic priest at St. Joseph's Cathedral, Abu Dhabi. They attended Abu Dhabi Indian School, then in 2017 moved to England to attend Winchester College on a cricket scholarship, where they led the school team in runs in both seasons they played. They matriculated to Leeds University in 2019.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Emirati cricketers
United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers
Sportspeople from Dubai
People educated at Winchester College
Emirati people of Indian descent
The 2017 Northwest Territories Men's Curling Championship was held from January 19 to 22 at the Yellowknife Curling Centre in Yellowknife. The winning Jamie Koe team will represent the Northwest Territories at the 2017 Tim Hortons Brier in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.
Teams
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Round robin results
Draw 1
Skauge 14-1 Lockhart
Koe 7-6 Whitehead
Draw 2
Koe 11-2 Lockhart
Whitehead 7-5 Skauge
Draw 3
Whitehead 15-0 Lockhart
Koe 10-9 Skauge
Draw 4
Koe 9-2 Skauge
Whitehead 8-2 Lockhart
Draw 5
Koe 9-2 Lockhart
Whitehead 7-6 Skauge
Draw 6
Skauge 5-0 Lockhart
Koe 9-4 Whitehead
References
2017 Tim Hortons Brier
Curling in the Northwest Territories
2017 in the Northwest Territories
January 2017 sports events in Canada
Sport in Yellowknife
{{DISPLAYTITLE:C6H6O6}}
The molecular formula C6H6O6 (molar mass: 174.11 g/mol, exact mass: 174.0164 u) may refer to:
Acetic oxalic anhydride
Aconitic acid
Benzenehexol
Dehydroascorbic acid (DHA)
1,2,3,4,5,6,-hexa hydroxy benzen
Aliabad-e Shahid (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Shahīd; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 145, in 45 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Lucas Elvenes (born 18 August 1999), is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). At the 2017 NHL Entry Draft, Elvenes was selected 127th overall by the Vegas Golden Knights.
Personal life
Lucas' father, Stefan Elvenes, was drafted in the fourth round of the 1988 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks. They never played in North America, but played in the Swedish Hockey League and for Sweden's national team. Lucas' grandfather Björn emigrated from Norway in 1965.
Playing career
On June 16, 2018, Elvenes was signed to a three-year, entry-level contract with the Vegas Golden Knights. After attending the Golden Knights 2018 training camp, Elvenes was returned on loan to continue their development with Rögle BK of the SHL for the duration of the 2018–19 season on September 19, 2018.
Elvenes while on loan with Rögle BK, established new career bests with 17 assists and 20 points through 42 regular season games. After an early post-season exit, Elvenes was re-assigned by the Golden Knights to join AHL affiliate, the Chicago Wolves, in the midst of their playoff run.
During the season, on January 10, 2022, Elvenes was placed on unconditional waivers for the purposes of contract termination by the Golden Knights. The Anaheim Ducks claimed them off waivers the next day. Elvenes remained in North America, accepting an assignment to the Ducks AHL affiliate, the San Diego Gulls. In regaining their scoring touch with the Gulls, Elvenes collected 9 goals and 33 points through 43 regular season games.
As an impending restricted free agent with the Ducks, Elvenes opted to return to their native Sweden after signing a two-year contact with newly promoted club, HV71 of the SHL, on 24 May 2022.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Chicago Wolves players
Henderson Silver Knights players
IK Oskarshamn players
People from Ängelholm Municipality
Rögle BK players
San Diego Gulls (AHL) players
Swedish ice hockey centres
Swedish people of Norwegian descent
Vegas Golden Knights draft picks
Sportspeople from Skåne County
Sidibé is a Fulani surname that may refer to:
Bilal Sidibé (born 1978), Mauritanian football defender
Djibril Sidibé (born 1982), Malian football midfielder
Djibril Sidibé (born 1992), French football defender
Issaka Sidibé (born 1946), Malian politician
Julien Mory Sidibé (1927–2003), bishop of Mali
Konimba Sidibe (born 1956), Malian politician
Malick Sidibé (1935–2016), Malian photographer
Mandé Sidibé (1940–2009), chairperson of the board of directors of Ecobank
Michel Sidibé (born 1952), Executive Director of UNAIDS and Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations
Odiah Sidibé (born 1970), French sprint athlete
Rafan Sidibé (born 1984), Malian football player
Mamady Sidibé (born 1979), French-Malian footballer
Sidibé Korian Sidibé, Deputy in the National Assembly of Mali
Bakary Ebraheem Sidibe(h) (born 1986), Financial Manager, former Gambian Youth Soccer player
Given name
Sidibé Aminata Diallo, Malian academic and politician
See also
Gabourey Sidibe, American actor
Fula surnames
The Onizuka Prop Wash Award recognizes the student at the United States Air Force Test Pilot School (USAF TPS) who contributed most to class spirit and morale. The honoree from each class is selected by their or their fellow students rather than by school faculty. The award is named in memory of TPS graduate Ellison Onizuka who perished in the explosion of the Space Shuttle Challenger in 1986.
History
The Prop Wash Award was introduced at the USAF Test Pilot school in 1956. The award takes the form of a wooden aircraft propeller to which plaques bearing the name of each honoree are mounted. Prop wash refers to the spiral-shaped slipstream formed behind a rotating propeller on an aircraft. The phrase, Illegitimi non carborundum, a mock-Latin aphorism meaning "Don't let the bastards grind you down" is engraved on the face.
The first recipient of the award was Major Joseph W. Rogers from class 56D who would later set a world speed record in the Convair F-106 Delta Dart. Captain Onizuka was also a recipient when they graduated from the Test Pilot School with class 74B. After Onizuka's death, the members of their class requested a rededication of the award. The inscription was changed in June 1988 for the graduation of TPS class 87B.
The USAF Test Pilot School participates in an exchange program with other test communities. U.S. Navy and U.S. Marine Corps students from the Naval Test Pilot School at the Patuxent River Naval Air Station, Maryland attends the USAF TPS and vice versa. Foreign students may also attend and include those from the Empire Test Pilots' School at Boscombe Down, England, and the EPNER (École du Personnel Navigant d'Essais et de Réception), the French Test Pilots' School. All students at the USAF TPS are eligible to receive the Prop Wash Award.
Recipients
The following table contains an incomplete list of Onizuka Prop Wash award recipients including name, country (if not the United States of America), military branch (if not the United States Air Force), military rank at the time of the award, and USAF Test Pilot School class number.
Individual was killed in a work-related (aviation) accident.
Multiple individuals shared the award.
See also
List of aviation awards
References
External links
Aviation awards
Arkowyen (, also Romanized as Arkovīn and Arkevīn; also known as Arkovī and Arkawi) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 239, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Kelley Elizabeth Johnson (born October 22, 1992) is an American nurse, TV host and beauty pageant titleholder. In addition to being a Chief Nurse Advocate, they are also a doctoral student, keynote speaker and national spokesperson.
Kelly Johnson was also crowned Miss Colorado 2015 and placing Second runner-up at Miss America 2016. Johnson later won Miss California USA 2018. They placed in the top 10 at Miss USA 2018.
Early life and education
Johnson was born in Fort Collins, Colorado, and spent their later childhood in Windsor, Colorado. Them mother is Julie Johnson Haffner and their stepfather is Gene Haffner. Johnson also has two older sisters.  They are a 2010 graduate of Fossil Ridge High School in Fort Collins.
Johnson attended Colorado Mesa University from 2010 through 2012.  They are a 2015 graduate of Grand View University where they earned a Bachelor of Science degree in nursing and was the valedictorian of their nursing class. Johnson is a registered nurse.
Pageant career
Early pageants
On March 30, 2014, while a student at Grand View University in Des Moines, Iowa, Johnson won the Miss Liberty 2014 title. They competed as one of 15 finalists in the 2014 Miss Iowa pageant on a platform of "Raising Awareness About the Importance of Early Cancer Detection" and piano playing as their talent. They were a top-10 finalist for the statewide title.
Miss America 2016
In November 2014, returning to their state of origin, Johnson was awarded a crown that allowed them to move on to the next round in the competition. They entered the state pageant at Denver's Ellie Caulkins Opera House in June 2015 as one of 26 qualifiers. Johnson's competition talent was a monologue which was correlated to their experience with a patient they had met with Alzheimer's disease. Them platform is "The Health Initiative PLUS: Prevent, Live, Uncover, Study".
Johnson won the competition on Saturday, June 20, 2015, when they received their crown from outgoing Miss Colorado titleholder Stacey Cook. As Miss Colorado, their activities included public appearances across Colorado.
Johnson was Colorado's representative at the Miss America 2016 pageant in Atlantic City, New Jersey, in September 2015. In the televised finale on September 13, 2015, they performed an original monologue inspired by a patient they encountered as a nurse during the talent portion of the competition. In the interview portion, they were asked what woman should appear on the ten-dollar bill and answered "Ellen DeGeneres". Johnson's personal platform was "The Health Initiative PLUS". They were named second runner-up to Betty Cantrell, Miss Georgia 2015, and awarded a $20,000 scholarship prize.
Reactions to nursing monologue
On the September 14, 2015 episode of The View, co-hosts Joy Behar and Michelle Collins poked fun at Johnson, a registered nurse, for their Miss America monologue in which they wore a nurse's uniform and stethoscope while speaking about their profession. Their comments sparked a social-media backlash, particularly by nurses, and some advertisers pulled their ads from the show.
On September 17, 2015, Johnson appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show to discuss their on-stage question and answer, suggesting DeGeneres should be on the ten-dollar bill and their decision to perform a monologue about nursing for their talent. After their interview, Johnson received $10,000 from Shutterfly to help pay for their tuition for nurse anesthetist school.
Miss USA 2018
On December 3, 2017, Johnson was crowned Miss California USA 2018 after representing Redondo Beach in the competition by outgoing titleholder India Williams. They represented California in Miss USA 2018 and placed in the top ten. They were succeeded by Erica Dann at the end of their reign.
References
External links
Miss Colorado official website
Living people
American beauty pageant winners
American nurses
American women nurses
Colorado Mesa University alumni
Miss America 2016 delegates
Grand View University alumni
People from Fort Collins, Colorado
1993 births
Miss USA 2018 delegates
Jeremiah Hescheles (, 1910–2010) was a Yiddish-language modernist poet, journalist, and Klezmer violinist. Because of their sharp memory and varied life experiences, they were an important resource for researchers of Yiddish culture and Klezmer music in the late twentieth century.
Biography
Hescheles was born on 27 February 1910 in Glina, Galicia, Austria-Hungary (today Hlyniany, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine). (After 1918, Hlyniany became part of the Second Polish Republic.) They came from an Orthodox Jewish family. Their father Moshe (Moses) owned a tobacco store and was very interested in German literature, Yiddish theater, and western music; they had even traveled to the United States before 1900, though they returned to Hlyniany before long. Jeremiah's mother was named Gal. Their grandfather Rabbi Yaakov Hesheles was a well-known scholar and accountant to the local Polish nobleman. As a youth, Jeremiah showed an aptitude for music, and was sent to take lessons with local Klezmers: first Moshke Mikhl Dudlsack, a violinist and cimbalom player, and then with Hirsch Tsvi Kleinmann, a younger brother of American klezmer virtuoso Naftule Brandwein. Aside from receiving a Jewish education with local scholars in a Yeshiva, they also studied in a Baron Hirsch school and then in a Gymnasium in Lviv, from which they graduated in 1930. They also briefly enrolled in the Lemberg Conservatory, becoming the student of Morycz Wolfstahl, but returned home because of the death of their father. It was during their time in Lviv that they began to write and publish articles.
Having returned to Hlyniany, they first became a violin teacher, but was then invited by their former teacher Moshke Mikhl Dudlsack to apprentice under them to become bandleader of the local klezmer ensemble. After a year of apprenticeship, Dudlsack emigrated to Argentina in 1932 with their family and left Hescheles as the new bandleader. At that time the ensemble consisted of Hescheles on violin, as well as a cimbalom and double bass player, and occasionally a flute or second violinist. They left the ensemble in 1936 to enroll in medical school, first in Prague and then in Pisa, Italy. However, when Italy passed antisemitic laws in 1938, they gave up their studies and emigrated to New York City at the invitation of their uncle, sailing from Le Havre and arriving in the United States in December. By this time they were literate in a number of languages, including not only Yiddish but also German, Hebrew, French, and Italian. They were ushered onto the American klezmer music scene by fellow Galician-born fiddler Berish Katz; Hescheles even made an appearance playing violin in the Edgar G. Ulmer Yiddish talkie The Light Ahead (1939). However, Hescheles did not like the clarinet-centric big band sound popular in the New York klezmer world, and soon left behind music for writing and journalism. They worked some short-term jobs after arriving, including writing for the Jewish Telegraphic Agency in 1939 and for the independent political candidate Wendell Willkie in 1940. They also reconnected with an old friend from Hlyniany, the Yiddish poet Abo Stolzenberg, who helped intitiate them into the New York literary Yiddish milieu.
During World War II they served in the U. S. Army, enlisting in 1942, and became a U. S. Citizen while stationed in Montgomery, Alabama.
After the war they returned to New York and to the Yiddish literary scene, writing articles, poems, and reviews for a number of publications, especially for the (which was still Der Tog when they joined it). In 1950–1 they published chapters of their novel in its pages. They also published in a variety of other New York publications, including , , , , , and co-edited the literary magazine in the 1950s. When they released their first book of poetry in 1957, (Sonnets of the Abyss), it received positive reviews for its originality, modern aesthetic, and the wide range of voices and topics it employed. Their second book, (Poems), was published in 1963. After the folded in 1971, they went into retirement, though they still made themselves available to researchers of Yiddish culture. These include the historian of klezmer Walter Zev Feldman, who interviewed Hescheles extensively in 1998 and 1999; Rabbi Abraham Holtz, who interviewed them about Shmuel Yosef Agnon; and the Yiddishists Mordkhe Schaechter and Itsik Gottesman.
They spent their final years living in a long-term care facility in a hospital in Queens. They died there on 16 October 2010. Their papers are in the collection of YIVO.
Selected works
(1957)
(1963)
References
External links
Books by Jeremiah Hescheles in the Yiddish Book Center digital library
Biography of Hesheles on the Yiddish Leksikon blog
1910 births
2010 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
People from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
Yiddish-language poets
American modernist poets
Klezmer musicians
Jews from Galicia (Eastern Europe)
Yiddish-language journalists
Austro-Hungarian musicians
American violinists
Priscilla Wakefield, née Priscilla Bell (31 January 1751 – 12 September 1832) was an English Quaker philanthropist. Them writings cover feminist economics and scientific subjects and include children's non-fiction.
Life
Priscilla Bell was born into a family in Tottenham, then a Middlesex village north of London. Them father was Daniel Bell of nearby Stamford Hill. Their wife Catherine was the granddaughter of the Quaker theologian Robert Barclay. They were one of several sisters, one of whom, Catherine Bell, married John Gurney of Earlham Hall and had many notable children, the best-known being Elizabeth Fry.
In adult life, Wakefield remained a member of the Society of Friends, and conformed to their religious practices, but did not observe the restrictions on dress or abstinence from amusements.
They married Edward Wakefield (1750–1826), a London merchant, and had three children. Writing to support their family financially, they wrote 17 books in two decades. They were one of many female English writers at the end of the 18th century who began to demand a broader life for women. Charities which they founded included a maternity hospital, a Female Benefit Club, and a penny bank for children, which developed into England's first savings bank.
The Wakefields had five children, of whom three survived to adulthood. The two surviving sons were Edward Wakefield (1774–1854) and Daniel Wakefield. The surviving daughter, Isabella (3 March 1773 – 17 October 1841), married Joshua Head of Ipswich on 12 September 1794. Them grandchildren included Edward Gibbon Wakefield, Daniel Bell Wakefield, William Hayward Wakefield, Arthur Wakefield and Felix Wakefield.
Wakefield died at the house of their daughter, Isabella Head, on Albion Hill, Ipswich, on 12 September 1832, and was buried on 20 December in the Friends' burial ground at the town's New Meeting House.
A portrait of Wakefield, their husband Edward Wakefield and their sister, Catherine Bell Gurney, painted by Francis Wheatley, was exhibited in South Kensington in 1868. A portrait in lithograph appears in the London Friends' Institute.
Writing
Wakefield wrote books on a range of subjects, including natural science, feminism, and economics. They also wrote children's literature.
Wakefield published a book on feminism in 1798, Reflection on the Present Condition of the Female Sex; with Suggestions for its Improvement, which came out under the radical publisher Joseph Johnson. Although this is concerned with how women could become financially independent, it takes a traditional view of their role in society. Wakefield examined women's prospects for employment in the modern world in light of Adam Smith's writings, and supported broader education for women. However, they thought better education for women would make them better wives, rather than advocating education for its own sake.
Wakefield was widely known as a writer of moral guides for children. Them early publication, Juvenile Anecdotes, Founded on Facts, was successful, and they went on to publish other books of the same nature and of a more advanced character, dealing with science and travel. They were the first woman to write scientific books for children.
Wakefield had considerable knowledge of botany and natural history, and in 1796 published the popular An Introduction to Botany, in a Series of Familiar Letters, which was translated into French in 1801 and reached an eleventh edition in 1841. It was illustrated with a series of uncredited full-page illustrations showing plant parts in detail. It was followed by An Introduction to the Natural History and Classification of Insects, in a Series of Letters.
By the time they died, Wakefield had written two dozen books, many having appeared in several editions and been translated into foreign languages.
Philanthropy
Wakefield was an active philanthropist, promoting education, maternity provision and savings banks for the poor in Tottenham. They formed the Lying-in Charity for Women in 1791. It supplied poor pregnant women with midwifery care and an initial supply of linen and baby clothes as well as a small amount of money. It was supported by annual subscription and continued into the 19th century.
In 1792, Wakefield co-founded the School for Industry, which taught girls reading, writing, sewing, knitting and arithmetic. In 1798. they founded the first "frugality bank" in England, to help those on low incomes save money. Members paid according to age a monthly sum that would give them sick pay and a pension at 60. Women and children were encouraged to save what they could of their income. Similar savings banks were set up nationally, but they were effectively nationalised when the Post Office Savings Bank was founded in 1865.
Legacy
Priscilla Wakefield House, a nursing care home in Seven Sisters, London is named after them
Selected works
Mental Improvement: Or, the Beauties and Wonders of Nature and Art, 1794
An Introduction to Botany, in a Series of Familiar Letters, London, 12mo 1796
Juvenile Anecdotes, Founded on Facts, 1795-8 (2 well received volumes that went to an eighth edition in 1825)
Reflections on the Present Condition of the Female Sex, With Suggestions for Its Improvement, 1798
The Juvenile Travellers: Containing the Remarks of A Family During a Tour Through the Principal States and Kingdoms of Europe, 1801 (her most popular work of imaginative fiction reaching the 19th edition in 1850)
Domestic Recreation: Or, Dialogues Illustrative of Natural and Scientific Subjects, 1805
Sketches of Human Manners, 1807
An Introduction to the Natural History and Classification of Insects, in a Series of Letters, London, 1816, 12mo.
References
Sources
This article incorporates material from
Bibliography
External links
The Journals of Priscilla Wakefield: 1798-1799 and associated blog
1751 births
1832 deaths
18th-century English women writers
18th-century English writers
English philanthropists
English Quakers
English educational theorists
English children's writers
Quaker writers
Women religious writers
People from Tottenham
19th-century English women writers
Priscilla
Bell family
Russell County is a county located in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. Its county seat is Jamestown. The county was formed on December 14, 1825, from portions of Adair, Cumberland and Wayne Counties and is named for William Russell.
In 2015, the cities of Jamestown and Russell Springs became two of the first gigabit Internet communities in Kentucky with the completion of a state-of-the-art optical fiber network by the local telephone cooperative.
Wolf Creek Dam is located in southern Russell County. The dam impounds Cumberland River to form Lake Cumberland, a major tourism attraction for the county. Wolf Creek National Fish Hatchery is also located in Russell County just below the dam.
Until relatively recently Russell County was a dry county, meaning that the sale of alcohol was prohibited. It voted to go "wet" in a referendum held on January 19, 2016, by a margin of 3,833 to 3,423 votes.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (10%) is water. The highest point is atop Dickerson Ridge in the extreme northern part of the county and the lowest point is along the Cumberland River.
Major highways
Cumberland Parkway
U.S. Route 127 in Kentucky
Kentucky Route 80
Adjacent counties
Casey County (north/EST Border)
Pulaski County (northeast/EST Border)
Wayne County (southeast/EST Border)
Clinton County (south)
Cumberland County (southwest)
Adair County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,315 people, 6,941 households, and 4,796 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,064 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.34% White, 0.58% Black or African American, 0.12% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.21% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. 0.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,941 households, out of which 29.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.30% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.82.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.50% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 25.90% from 45 to 64, and 16.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,042, and the median income for a family was $27,803. Males had a median income of $24,193 versus $18,289 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,183. About 20.40% of families and 24.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.80% of those under age 18 and 27.30% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Russell County is part of the historically and currently rock-ribbed Republican bloc of southeastern Kentucky that also includes such counties as Clinton, Cumberland, Casey, Pulaski, Laurel, Rockcastle, Monroe, McCreary, Clay, Jackson, Owsley and Leslie. These counties were opposed to secession during the Civil War era, and consequently became and have remained intensely Republican ever since. The last Democrat to win Russell County was Grover Cleveland in 1884, and the last Republican to not gain a majority was William Howard Taft in 1912 when their party was divided.
Communities
Creelsboro
Jamestown (county seat)
Russell Springs
Notable people
Tara Conner, Miss Kentucky USA 2006, Miss USA 2006
Vernie McGaha, Former Kentucky State Senator
Doug Moseley, later a Kentucky state senator, was pastor of the Russell Springs First United Methodist Church from 1958 to 1960
Steve Wariner, country music singer and songwriter. Kentucky State Route 80 is named in their honor.
Jeff Hoover, Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, elected Speaker in late 2016.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Russell County, Kentucky
References
External links
Russell County Industrial Development Authority
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Russell County Public Library
Kentucky counties
1825 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1825
Counties of Appalachia
Demographic marketers use demographics in marketing research, and the assessment of the changing trends of consumer behavior. Demographics can be called a science and demographic marketers can be called scientists. A demographic is used to describe individuals who are from a particular area. It can also be used to describe individuals who would rely on purchasing a particular product or service. Using demographics, a marketing manager can try to grasp what certain people think and what they are willing to buy.
By understanding how various characteristics of the population reflect their tastes, demographic marketers get an idea of the probability of the sales returns of a launched product in a given area. For any type of business, knowing who the customers are most likely to be through demographic analysis will make it easier to market effectively.
External links
Demographic Reports
Demographics
Market research
Business occupations
Science occupations
Reverend Canon Dr David Victor Scott is a Church of England priest, poet, playwright and spiritual writer.
David Victor Scott was born in Cambridge, England in 1947. They were educated at Solihull School, then studied Theology at Durham University and at Cuddesdon College. After ordination they spent two years as curate at Harlow, then was appointed chaplain at Haberdashers' Aske's School. In 1980 they became vicar of Torpenhow and Allhallows in Cumbria, and in 1991 moved to Winchester to become rector of St Lawrence with St Swithun-upon-Kingsgate. Canon Scott retired in September 2010 and now lives in Cumbria.
Canon Scott is an Honorary Canon of Winchester Cathedral and an honorary fellow of the University of Winchester. In 2008 the Archbishop of Canterbury conferred on David Scott a Lambeth Degree Doctorate of Letters (DLitt).
Poetical works
A Quiet Gathering (Bloodaxe Books, 1984) , illustrated by Graham Arnold
Playing for England (Bloodaxe Books, 1989) , illustrated by Graham Arnold
How Does It Feel? (Blackie Children's Books, 1989) , illustrated by Alan Marks
Selected Poems (Bloodaxe Books, 1998)
Piecing Together (Bloodaxe Books, 2005)
Beyond the Drift: New & Selected Poems (Bloodaxe Books, 2014)
Spiritual works
Moments of Prayer (SPCK, 1997)
Building Common Faith (Canterbury Press, 1997)
An Anglo-Saxon Passion (SPCK, 1999)
Sacred Tongues: The Golden Age of Spiritual Writing (SPCK, 2001)
Lancelot Andrewes: The Private Prayers (SPCK, 2002)
The Mind of Christ (Continuum, 2006)
Plays
(for the National Youth Music Theatre, with Jeremy James Taylor)
Bendigo Boswell, first performed 1983 (Weinberger, 1984)
Captain Stirrick, first performed 1981 (Weinberger, 1985)
Jack Spratt VC, first performed 1986 (Weinberger, 1987)
Les Petits Rats, first performed 1988 (Weinberger, 1991)
The Powder Monkeys (SchoolPlay Productions, 1993)
References
Bloodaxe Books: Author Page > David Scott
University of Winchester announces honorary degrees (2004)
Lambeth degrees
Award-winning Vicar-poet to retire to Cumbria
1947 births
Living people
20th-century English Anglican priests
21st-century English Anglican priests
People from Cambridge
Holders of a Lambeth degree
English male poets
Alumni of St Chad's College, Durham
Yamba is a department or commune of Gourma Province in north-eastern Burkina Faso. Its capital is the town of Yamba.
Towns and villages
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Gourma Province
Bolshoye Annenkovo () is a rural locality () and the administrative center of Bolsheannenkovsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located on the Usozha River (a left tributary of the Svapa in the basin of the Seym), 118 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 43 km north-west of Kursk, 13.5 km north-east of the district center – the town Fatezh.
Climate
Bolshoye Annenkovo has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Bolshoye Annenkovo is located 14.5 km from the federal route Crimea Highway as part of the European route E105, 17 km from the road of regional importance (Kursk – Ponyri), 7 km from the road (Fatezh – 38K-018), on the road of intermunicipal significance (M2 "Crimea Highway" – Zykovka – Maloye Annenkovo – 38K-039), 15.5 km from the nearest railway station Vozy (railway line Oryol – Kursk).
The rural locality is situated 43 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 167 km from Belgorod International Airport and 220 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Fatezhsky Uyezd
In statistics, the percentile rank (PR) of a given score is the percentage of scores in its frequency distribution that are less than that score. Its mathematical formula is
where CF—the cumulative frequency—is the count of all scores less than or equal to the score of interest, F is the frequency for the score of interest, and N is the number of scores in the distribution. Alternatively, if CF is the count of all scores less than the score of interest, then
The figure illustrates the percentile rank computation and shows how the 0.5 × F term in the formula ensures that the percentile rank reflects a percentage of scores less than the specified score. For example, for the 10 scores shown in the figure, 60% of them are below a score of 4 (five less than 4 and half of the two equal to 4) and 95% are below 7 (nine less than 7 and half of the one equal to 7). Occasionally the percentile rank of a score is mistakenly defined as the percentage of scores lower than or equal to it, but that would require a different computation, one with the 0.5 × F term deleted. Typically percentile ranks are only computed for scores in the distribution but, as the figure illustrates, percentile ranks can also be computed for scores whose frequency is zero. For example, 90% of the scores are less than 6 (nine less than 6, none equal 6).
In educational measurement, a range of percentile ranks, often appearing on a score report, shows the range within which the test taker's "true" percentile rank probably occurs. The "true" value refers to the rank the test taker would obtain if there were no random errors involved in the testing process.
Percentile ranks are commonly used to clarify the interpretation of scores on standardized tests. For the test theory, the percentile rank of a raw score is interpreted as the percentage of examinees in the norm group who scored below the score of interest.
Percentile ranks are not on an equal-interval scale; that is, the difference between any two scores is not the same as between any other two scores whose difference in percentile ranks is the same. For example, is not the same distance as because of the bell-curve shape of the distribution. Some percentile ranks are closer to some than others. Percentile rank 30 is closer on the bell curve to 40 than it is to 20. If the distribution is normally distributed, the percentile rank can be inferred from the standard score.
See also
Quantile
Percentile
References
Summary statistics
The rivière Boyer Nord (in English: Boyer North River) is a tributary of the northwest shore of the Boyer River, which flows northeast and empties on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. The "Boyer North River" crosses the municipalities of Saint-Anselme, Saint-Henri and Bellechasse Regional County Municipality (MRC), in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the North Boyer River are:
north side: rivière à la Scie, St. Lawrence River;
east side: Boyer River;
south side: Boyer South River, Etchemin River;
west side: Etchemin River.
The "Boyer Nord river" has its source on the east side of the Etchemin River, in the Sainte-Anne range, in the municipality of Saint-Anselme on the north side of the village.
From its source, the Boyer Nord River flows on , according to the following segments:
south-west, then north-west, passing between Cadrin and Bourassa streets, then behind the arena, on the north side of the village of Saint-Anselme, then crossing the chemin Saint-Marc;
northwesterly, along the northeast side of route 277, to rang de la Montagne road;
northward, up to the limit between the municipalities of Saint-Anselme and Saint-Henri;
north, to Rang de la Grande-Grillade;
north, winding up to Chemin Saint-Félix;
northeasterly, along the southeast side of route 218, up to its mouth.
The confluence of the "North Boyer River" is located on the northwest shore of the Boyer River, in Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse. This confluence is located west of the village of Saint-Gervais, south of the village of Saint-Charles-de-Bellechasse and east of the village of Saint-Henri.
Toponymy
The toponym "rivière Boyer Nord" was made official on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Lugdunum, formerly known as the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon-Fourvière, is a museum of Gallo-Roman civilisation in Lyon (Roman Lugdunum). Previously presented at the Museum of Fine Arts of Lyon and the Antiquarium, the municipal Gallo-Roman collection was transferred to a new building designed by Bernard Zehrfuss and opened in 1975 near the city's Roman theatre and odeon, on a hill known as Fourvière, located in the heart of the Roman city. Internally, it is formed of a concrete spiral ramp descending and branching out into the display rooms. It is managed and operated by the Metropolis of Lyon jointly with the archaeological museum of Saint-Romain-en-Gal. As well as displaying its own permanent collections of Roman, Celtic and pre-Roman material (inscriptions, statues, jewellery, everyday objects), a plan-relief of the ancient town and scale models of its major monuments such as the theatre and the Odeon, it also regularly hosts temporary exhibitions.
Circus Mosaic
Discovered in the Ainay district in 1806, this mosaic shows a circus during a chariot race, making it one of the few ancient representations of such a race (Lyon itself had a circus, the place of which has not been discovered).
Other Objects
the Gallic Coligny calendar
fragments of the decoration of the Altar of Rome and Augustus, from the federal sanctuary of the three Gauls
the Lyon Tablet, a speech by Claudius
large mosaics such as La mosaïque de Bacchus and the Mosaïque aux Svastikas (Swastikas Mosaic).
the Taurobolic Altar, dedicated in 160 to restore the health of Antoninus Pius
many large Dionysiac sarcophagi, including the Sarcophagus of the Triumph of Bacchus
the Lyon-Vaise Hoard of dishes, jewellery and silver statuettes buried during a 3rd-century Germanic invasion
External links
Official website (in English)
Museums of ancient Rome in France
Museums in Lyon
Roman Lyon
5th arrondissement of Lyon
Buildings and structures completed in 1975
Museums established in 1975
1975 establishments in France
Modernist architecture in France
Gallo-Roman culture
The Samoa National Democratic Party is a political party in Samoa. Its leader is Valasi Toogamaga Tafito.
The party was registered in late 2019 and claims to be a recreation of the old Samoan National Development Party, which was Samoa's main opposition between 1988 and 2003. Its major policy issues are customary land rights, unemployment, and the enfranchisement of overseas Samoans.
The party aims to contest the April 2021 Samoan general election. In May 2020 it announced that it had recruited 17 candidates.
On 2 September 2020 the party announced it would join forces with the Faatuatua i le Atua Samoa ua Tasi and Tumua ma Puleono parties to contest the 2021 election. SNDP and Tumua ma Puleono candidates will run under the FAST banner, with only one candidate in each constituency.
References
Political parties in Samoa
Political parties established in 2019
A referendum on spring hunting was held in Malta on 11 April 2015. Voters voted narrowly in favour of retaining the spring hunt, with 50.4% voting for the existing law to remain in place. Voter turnout was 74.8%.
Background
In August 2013 a petition to ban spring hunting was started by the Coalition for the Abolition of Spring Hunting, which consisted of BirdLife Malta, the Coalition for Animal Rights, the Democratic Alternative, Din l-Art Ħelwa, Flimkien għal Ambjent Aħjar, Friends of the Earth, the Gaia Foundation, Greenhouse, International Animal Rescue Malta, the Malta Organic Agriculture Movement, Moviment Graffiti, Nature Trust, the Ramblers Association Malta and Youth for the Environment. Around 45,000 people signed the petition, triggering a referendum.
Birdlife Malta said that the number of turtle doves declined by 9% between 1980 and 2015. A 2007 study by the European Commission said that hunting was a low-level threat to the turtle dove (with loss of breeding habitat in the EU being described as high-level), and described spring hunting as particularly concerning.
The Hunter's Federation (FKNK) and St Hubert Hunters (KSU) filed a petition at the Constitutional Court in an attempt to stop the referendum being held, saying it would violate the country's European Union treaty obligations. The FKNK said the petition had 104,293 signatures, making it the largest in Maltese history. However, the court dismissed their claim on 9 January 2015, and also ordered the FKNK and KSU to pay court costs. In 2009 the European Court of Justice had found that Malta was breaching its EU treaty obligations by allowing the spring hunt. However, successive governments passed legislation allowing it to continue. Malta is the only country in the EU to allow spring hunting for recreational purposes. Only two species, turtle doves and quails, are allowed to be shot, with quotas of 11,000 and 5,000 birds respectively. This quota is set annually, based on how many birds were reported killed the previous autumn. Hunters are required to report their kills to the government. According to the Maltese government, 805 turtle doves and 151 quail were reported as killed in the 2012 spring hunting season.
Result
The question voted on in the referendum was "Do you agree that the provisions of the ‘Framework for Allowing a Derogation Opening a Spring Hunting Season for Turtle Dove and Quail Regulations' (Subsidiary Legislation 504.94) should continue in force?"
Aftermath
When the results of the referendum were out, Prime Minister Joseph Muscat announced that the spring hunting season would open on 14 April. They warned hunters to be careful, and they said they were being given a 'final chance' and no abuse will be tolerated.
During the season, there were six illegalities, which is much fewer than in previous years. A particular incident involved a Dutch boy being accidentally hit by pellets fired by a hunter. On 27 April, a kestrel was illegally shot at, and the injured bird fell in the yard of St. Edward's College in Birgu. Muscat called this incident "inexcusable" and closed the season immediately. This decision was welcomed by the Coalition Against Spring Hunting, the Nationalist Party, the Democratic Alternative and BirdLife Malta. The pro-hunting lobby, consisting of FKNK and KSU, condemned the incident and called for those responsible to be brought to justice.
Birdlife Malta said that it reported 9 incidents and in addition, a total of 63 illegal bird callers were detected by CABS during this hunting season.
Further reading
References
2015 in Malta
Malta
Referendums in Malta
Hunting in Malta
Bird hunting
Bird conservation
April 2015 events in Europe
Hunting referendums
Pandemis eustropha is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Uganda.
References
Endemic fauna of Uganda
Moths described in 1965
Pandemis
Vembanad Rail Bridge is a rail connecting Edappally and Vallarpadam in Kochi, Kerala. With a total length of 4,620 metres, it is the second longest railway bridge in India. After a period of disuse, freight service was relaunched in January 2020.
Construction
The construction of the bridge started in June 2007 and was completed on 31 March 2010. The rail bridge was built by Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd.,Chennai PIU, A Government of India Enterprise (RVNL).
Route
The link from Edapally to Vallarpadam start from Edapally running 3 km parallel to an existing track until it reaches Vaduthala. The rail line then passes through the Vembanad Bridge through 3 small islands, including the Idyakkara and Mulavukad islands in Vembanad Lake to reach Vallarpadam. 80% of the bridge is constructed over water.
Details
A total of 11700 tonnes of reinforced steel, 58000 tonnes of cement, 99000 cubic metre of metal aggregates, 73500 cubic metre of sand, 127000 cubic metre of concrete work and 154308 cubic metre of earth work went into this project. The bridge is constructed over pile foundations at 133 locations. The bridge comprises 231 girders, each weighing 220 tonnes. The bridge has 132 spans consisting of 33 spans of 20 m and 99 spans of 40 m which are made of PSC girders and cater to electric traction.
See also
International Container Transshipment Terminal, Kochi
List of the longest bridges in the world
List of the longest bridges above water in India
References
Bridges in Kerala
Railway bridges in India
Thiruvananthapuram railway division
Transport in Kochi
Buildings and structures in Kochi
2011 establishments in Kerala
Bridges completed in 2010
Louis Joseph Capozzoli (March 6, 1901 – October 8, 1982) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a United States representative from New York from 1941 to 1945.
Biography
Born in Cosenza, Italy, they emigrated to the United States in 1906 and attended public schools in New York City. In 1922 they graduated from the law department of Fordham University and in 1923 was admitted to the bar, commencing practice in New York City. They were an assistant district attorney of New York County from 1930 to 1937; and a member of the New York State Assembly (New York Co., 2nd D.) in 1939 and 1940.
Congress
Capozzoli was elected as a Democrat to the 77th and 78th United States Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1941, to January 3, 1945.
Later career
Afterwards, they resumed the practice of law.
In 1946, they were elected a justice of the New York City Court and served from 1947 to 1950. They were elected to the Court of General Sessions in 1950, and served until January 1957; they were then appointed and served as a judge of the New York Supreme Court from January 21, 1957, to December 31, 1957. They were elected to the New York Supreme Court for a fourteen-year term and was appointed as an associate justice of the Appellate Division (1st Dept.) on April 29, 1966.
Retirement and death
They retired from the bench at the end of 1977.
They died on October 8, 1982, in New York City.
References
Alfred E. Clark, New York Times, Louis J. Capozzoli, Retired Judge, October 9, 1982
New York State Supreme Court, Appellate Division, First Judicial Department, Biography, Louis J. Capozzoli, retrieved September 26, 2013
Louis J. Capozzoli at The Political Graveyard, retrieved September 26, 2013
1901 births
1982 deaths
People from Cosenza
Italian emigrants to the United States
Fordham University School of Law alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York Supreme Court Justices
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American judges
American politicians of Italian descent
American lawyers and judges of Italian descent
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
David Morrell may refer to:
David Morrell (born 1943), Canadian-American novelist
David Morrell (actor) (1926–1974), British actor
David Morrell (cricketer) (born 1971), British cricketer
David Morrell (doctor) (1929–2012), British academic general practitioner
David Morrell (boxer) (born 1998), Cuban boxer
A multilateral exchange is a transaction, or forum for transactions, which involve more than two parties.
For example, Alice gives Bob an apple in exchange for an orange, that is a bilateral exchange.
A multilateral exchange would involve a third party, for example:
Alice gives an apple to Bob who gives an orange to Charles, who gives a pear to Alice.
In the real world, such transactions are spread over time, and involved items of different values, and involve many more parties. A special type of accounting is used for this, called mutual credit, or credit clearing.
Accounting
Although any accounting framework can be used, there is one approach that fits naturally for multilateral exchange. It is the simplest possible database/spreadsheet design, single-entry bookkeeping rather than double-entry bookkeeping.
All accounts begin with a balance of zero, meaning they owe nothing and are owed nothing. An account may only close at zero, meaning it has given as much as it has received, i.e. that the exchange is complete with respect to all the other accounts. When a transaction happens, an entry is made in an accounting journal of a payment, or credit flowing in the opposite direction.
Account balances are derived by 'adding up' the journal.
The sum of all account balances is a priori zero. Accounts which close (or are retired) above zero have given more value to the other accounts than they have received and vice versa. Thus a positive balance represents not value *in* the account, but value *owed* to that account by (the aggregate of) all other accounts.
An account's balance in such a system, indicates not the position of the account with respect to past activities with other accounts, but also the activity needed to complete the exchange. thus a balance of +10 means that not only has the account delivered +10 more value to the other members than it has received, but that in order to complete the exchange it intends to receive +10 more in the future than it delivers.
Bob's obligation to spend 5, exactly matches Charlie's obligation to earn 5.
See also
Mutual credit
Mutualism (economic theory)
Further reading
Nikaido, Hukukane, "On the classical multilateral exchange problem", Metroeconomica, vol. 8, iss. 2, pp. 135-145, June 1956.
Ikeo, Aiko, A History of Economic Science in Japan, Routledge, 2014 . Has extensive discussion of Nikaido's work.
Wood, John Cunningham, Karl Marx's Economics: Critical Assessments, Taylor & Francis, 2004 (reprint: first published 1988). Discusses multilateral exchange in the context of Marxian economics, pp. 290-293.
Raymond, Ruth; Fowler, Cary, "Sharing the non-monetary benefits of agricultural biodiversity", Issues in Genetic Resources, no. 5, September 2001. Discusses multilateral exchange in the context of agricultural biodiversity.
Accounting
Nandlstadt is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany. Nandlstadt is said to be the oldest hop-growing area in the world, having grown them since the year 860. The town lies in a triangle between Freising, Moosburg and Mainburg.
References
Freising (district)
Shi Wei (born 3 February 1970) is a Chinese handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Chinese female handball players
Olympic handball players of China
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1990 Asian Games
Handball players at the 1994 Asian Games
Handball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Asian Games bronze medalists for China
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Sathonay is a former commune of the Ain department in France. It was divided into two new communes in 1908: Sathonay-Camp and Sathonay-Village. Since 1968, these communes are not part of Ain any longer, but are part of the Rhône department.
References
Former communes of Ain
Mark Howe is an ice hockey player.
Mark Howe may also refer to:
Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe (bishop) (1808–1895), first Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Central Pennsylvania
Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe (writer) (1864–1960), their son, American editor and author
Mark Antony De Wolfe Howe (historian), their son, Harvard law professor, historian, biographer and civil rights leader
The Gansett Tribal Rock Festival was a series of concerts held at several venues in Boston, Massachusetts and Providence, Rhode Island in 1969 and 1970. The festival concerts featured notable artists such as The Band, Led Zeppelin, Santana, Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, Dr. John, MC5, Johnny Winter, and Taj Mahal. The venues at which the concerts were performed included Boston College and Rhode Island Auditorium.
Rock festivals in the United States
Concerts in the United States
Hämerten () is a railway station located in Hämerten, Germany. The station is located on the Berlin-Lehrte Railway. The train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn.
Train services
The station is serves by the following service(s):
Local services Stendal - Rathenow
References
Railway stations in Saxony-Anhalt
Samhengi hlutanna ('the context of things') is an Icelandic novel by Sigrún Davíðsdóttir. It is a thriller set in the aftermath of the 2008 Icelandic financial crisis, focusing on the efforts of the protagonist, Arnar Finnsson, to complete the last book and, eventually, solve the murder of their dead partner Hulda.
Form
Samhengi hlutanna is a first-person crime thriller, written in the voice of Arnar Finnsson, an Icelander who has abandoned a career as a lawyer to move to London and become an artist and illustrator. A large proportion of the book is direct speech, as the main characters work their way from one informant to another, and process the information they receive in conversations between themselves. To a large extent their interviews form a series of set-piece case studies of different sections of Iceland's boom-time business community, each reflecting on the Crash from their own perspective. It has been suggested that Sigrún's writing is strongest when portraying Arnar's inner life and the colourful characters they encounter, but becomes rather stilted when dealing with financial detail.
Rather than being divided into chapters as such, the narrative is simply punctuated by headings stating the date whenever a new day begins (in the abbreviated format '2.4. (fö.)' (i.e. '2 April (föstudagur [Friday])'). Whenever the city where the action takes place shifts between London and Reykjavík, the setting is announced on an otherwise blank page. As Jón Karl Helgason has pointed out, much of the novel corresponds closely with real life: thus it features HK banki, Eyjabanki and Sleipnir, which seem straightforwardly to be ciphers for KB banki, Landsbanki and Glitnir, and the investment funds Hringur and Delilah, recalling Baugur Group and Samson holdings. The book invites interpretation, then, as a roman à clef. Indeed, commentators have noted that, as a female Icelandic journalist in London investigating the Crash, Hulda can be seen as a cipher for Sigrún herself.
In the analysis of Jón Karl Helgason, 'as a thriller, the narrative gets going rather slowly, but for those who have an interest in and a general acquaintance with developments in Icelandic business life in recent years, on the other hand, it is intriguing to note how closely the author sticks to reality in their writing'. Sigrún can be understood as working to make the financial complexities of the Icelandic Crash accessible to a wider audience unlikely to read the lengthy official report, while also using novellistic form to explore the possibility of financial crime that their investigative journalism led them to suspect but that could not be proven. Finally, the novel allows them to inhabit the voices and views of different people on the Crash. The same perspectives have been suggested by Sigrún's own commentary on writing the novel, though they have emphasised the fictionality of the work, and that evidence of money laundering in the Icelandic banks has not come to light, with the relevant suspicious behaviour being attributable to 'abysmally bad management'.
Summary
On 14 December 2009, Arnar's partner Hulda, a journalist, is killed in what is at first thought to be a road accident, while writing an investigative book about shady dealings behind the 2008 Icelandic financial crisis. Arnar falls into depression. On 21 March 2010, however, an old friend of Hulda's, the reformed alcoholic Raggi, visits Arnar, insisting that together they complete Hulda's book. They swiftly follow Hulda's leads, abetted by tip-offs from a sinister Russian called Dmitri, to one Óttar Hafsteinsson. As the novel goes on, it emerges that Óttar was involved in establishing a factory in post-Soviet Saint Petersburg, before becoming an investor in the Bulgarian telecoms sector, backed by a German bank. Soon too, Arnar and Raggi team up with Mara, a beautiful Hong Kong-Finnish specialist in financial crime, with whom Raggi begins a relationship. Their explorations involve a number of British contacts and tagging along on the drug-fuelled binge of a Latvia-based Icelandic entrepreneur called Óli Örvar Magnússon. They have a long discussion with a lawyer called Wallinger, by which time Arnar is aware that they are being followed. Wallinger resigned from HK banki's operation in Luxembourg and fears to speak to the authorities due to a mixture of threats and fear of the opprobrium of other lawyers in the sector. 'Svo HK banki leit út eins og risastór peningaþvottavél?' ('so HK Bank looked like a giant money-launderer?') asks Raggi. 'Ekki bara HK banki ... Allt Ísland' ('not just HK Bank ... the whole of Iceland'), Wallinger replies (p. 141). Wallinger points the team towards a Luxembourg company called BRAK. Arnar returns home to find a dead pitbull terrier hung up in their flat, a clear sign that they are being threatened by someone. Mara later links this method of intimidation with Latvian criminal gangs. Arnar and Raggi proceed to talk with Árni Marínósson, a lawyer who worked for Óttar in the boom years, who defends Óttar's practices as the everyday life of a business person. The heroes start to get a feel for the possibility that the Icelandic banks' activities extended beyond imprudent and immoral practice to bribery and money-laundering.
On 7 April, Arnar travels to Iceland to talk to their brother Rafn, a high-powered lawyer, and other acquaintances, to try to understand better what was going on during Iceland's boom. Rafn is a case-study of a patriotic Icelander who is bullish about Iceland's prospects. Arnar meets their ex-wife Þorbjörg at a birthday party; they and their husband worked for HK banki during the boom, and they are now unemployed while their husbands awaits impending prosecution. Arnar realises their brother is involved in helping the business associates Einar Þorsteinn, their father Jón, and one Vigfús, all closely tied to the Icelandic bank Sleipnir, to get €600,000 in cash out of Iceland. Arnar manages to install spyware on their brother's office computer. They receive a package from an anonymous informant containing lists of Luxembourg-connected companies with names featuring 'Brák' ('debris, oil slick'). Early in Arnar's trip, Árni Marínósson phones from Panama, promising to meet Arnar in Iceland with new information, but is reported lost at sea in Panama on 11 April. However, on 13 April, Árni's sister contacts Arnar to say they have received a package for them from Árni. It contains details regarding the network of Brák-companies, their legal ownership, and transactions. 'Brák er interessant af því að þeir sem stjörna Brák eru þeir sem í alvörunni ráða á Íslandi' ('Brák is interesting because the men who run Brák are the men who are really in charge in Iceland'), writes Árni (p. 297). While in Iceland, Arnar is followed by a man who turns out to be a Latvian criminal called (inter alia) Juris Kalnis, and receives a threatening letter and phone call, the latter of which implies that Hulda was murdered. Meanwhile, Dmitri and other sources suggest that some Russians lost badly in the Crash because HK banki was holding bonds on their behalf. Before returning home on 21 April, Arnar and Þorbjörg visit the 2010 eruptions of Eyjafjallajökull.
Back in London, the team conclude that Brák companies are buying at overvalued prices and/or selling at undervalued ones, and conclude that the network is a vehicle for illicit payments. Rafn comes to London on business and helps them establish that Vigfús, Eninar Þorsteinn, Jón, and Óli Örvar are all near the centre of Brák, and that Óli Örvar helped Óttar Hafsteinsson set up their business in Russia. Rafn's job in London is to deliver the €600,000 and they realise that it is going into the hands of Juris Kalnis (the Latvian criminal who has been following Arnar), Sævar Bjarni Halldórsson (an Icelander who is based in Latvia) and Peteris Ozolins. Rafn returns home and it dawns on the team that Hulda did not die accidentally but was murdered, with the €600,000 being payment for their assassination. The murder was probably prompted by their publication of an article about the Russian bonds in HK banki.
Arnar and Raggi return to the scene of Hulda's murder and find a sweatshop on the street, where one of the workers gives them information about the killing. Mara directs them to a private investigator, Xavier, who helps them assemble their evidence to convince Scotland Yard to reopen the case. One of Mara's police friends tips off the team that the murderers are coming to the UK to collect their payment and on 28 April they accost Sævar, Mara interrogates him, and they pass the evidence they provide to the police. On 29 April, the team learns that the police have arrested the killers, but on the same day Arnar learns that their brother Rafn has died in a car accident. Returning to Iceland, they receive a suicide note left by Rafn, which they burn. The final details of the relationship between the Latvian circle, Brák, and the Russian circle are left unresolved in the novel.
External links
English translation of opening chapters.
References
2011 novels
Icelandic novels
Novels set in Iceland
Icelandic books
Novels set in London
Icelandic-language novels
Lorentz's whistler (Pachycephala lorentzi) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae.
It is found in the mid-western New Guinea Highlands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It was originally described as a subspecies of the regent whistler
References
Lorentz's whistler
Birds of New Guinea
Lorentz's whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Suri alpaca is one of two breeds of the alpaca, the other being the Huacaya. Of 3.7 million alpacas worldwide, less than 10% are thought to be of the Suri breed. One study found that Suri alpacas could be reliably distinguished from Huacayas by looking for a low frequency of hairs less than 35 micrometers in diameter, as well as fewer hairs with more than eight cuticular scales. Suri alpacas may be bred for the lustre of their coats.
References
Alpacas
Livestock
Mammals of Peru
Mammals of the Andes
Mammal breeds originating from Indigenous Americans
Sheykh Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Sheykh Maḩalleh) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 27 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Daughter of Darkness is a 1972 psychological thriller written by Jan and Robert Lowell, a husband and wife who use the joint pseudonym J. R. Lowell.
Plot
A young woman named Willamina "Willie" Connolly is the daughter of a prosperous New York couple, editor Matt Connolly and their wife Willamina, an Irish concert pianist. Willie is a child prodigy with an extremely high IQ. Them parents believe them to be a happy, contented child, but this is a carefully contrived mask. Them primary motivation is independence; they detest anyone making decisions for her, especially based on their age or appearance. Them very name, Willamina Junior, made them feel like a bad carbon copy, until they discovered Gertrude Stein's The World Is Round and began to call themselves Willie.
They have made a thorough study of anthropology and is an accomplished practitioner of witchcraft and sympathetic magic. Them doll collection is actually an array of poppets which they use to curse those who displease them This backfires on them when one of their spells leads to their mother's death. Willie's remorse and their wish to see their father happy again develops over the years into incestuous desire, although Willie themselves does not realize it.
Sources
Willie's incantation "Everything that is won't be/ Everything that isn't will be" is from Charles Fort's Book of the Damned. Them sickness-causing chant "A big pain a little pain/ A small pain a great pain" is from Witchcraft: Its Power in the World Today by William Seabrook.
Reviews
Kirkus Reviews said: "This is an Other-directed attempt to reach just that market by two scriptwriters who have a perfectly satisfactory story except that it's so obviously prearranged. Willie, circa twelve, is the unnatural child of a talented couple who obviously haven't been paying enough attention to them and their solitary pursuits. When Willie's about to be sent away so that they can travel alone together, they take to their dolls and their magic books and before very long their mother becomes despondently ill and commits suicide. For two years Willie and their father are undisturbed by the outside world except for the visits of an old friend, a 'ghost hunter,' and finally Elizabeth with whom their father falls in love. Once again not for long, although Jonathan tries and fails to curb the powers of this little pig-tailed Sybil Leek. . . . A readymade item and without sticking too many pins in it, let it go at the fact that it's neither as evil nor frightening as it could have been, should have been."
References
Thriller novels
Psychological novels
1972 novels
Novels set in New York City
Works published under a pseudonym
Witchcraft in written fiction
Ian Campbell Young (5 April 1911 – 2003) is a Scottish athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games they won the bronze medal in the 100 yards event. They were also a member of the Scottish relay team which won the bronze medal in the 4X110 yards competition. In the 220 yards contest they finished fifth.
External links
commonwealthgames.com results
Rootsweb
1911 births
2003 deaths
Scottish male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Scotland
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Aboubacar Sissoko (born 9 October 1995) is a Malian professional footballer who currently plays for Canadian Premier League side Forge FC.
Early life
Sissoko was born in Bamako, Mali and moved to Montreal, Quebec in 2006 when their father, a diplomat, was posted there.
They played youth football for Première Ligue de soccer du Québec side Longueuil, making their senior debut in 2014. The following year, they switched to Mont-Royal Outremont U-21 LESQ team and then to CS Panellinios in 2016, where they made fourteen appearances in LSEQ.
Club career
St-Hubert
In 2017, Sissoko played for PLSQ side CS St-Hubert, making ten appearances. The following season, they made eleven appearances for the club. They were drafted by Canadian Premier League club Forge FC in the second round of the 2018 CPL–U Sports Draft, but they never signed with the club and instead returned to St. Hubert. In 2019, Sissoko scored one goal in twelve appearances.
HFX Wanderers
On 28 November 2019, Sissoko signed their first professional contract with Canadian Premier League side HFX Wanderers. However, they began preseason on trial with Major League Soccer side Vancouver Whitecaps FC, before returning to the Wanderers in late February. They made their debut for HFX on August 15 against Pacific FC.
Indy Eleven
Sissoko moved to USL Championship side Indy Eleven on 10 February 2021. Following the 2021 season, it was announced that Sissoko's contract option was declined by Indy Eleven.
Forge FC
In February 2022 Sissoko returned to the Canadian Premier League, signing with Forge FC. They made their debut for the club in a 2022 CONCACAF Champions League match against Cruz Azul on February 16.
International career
Sissoko made two appearances for Mali at the under-20 level.
Honours
HFX Wanderers
Canadian Premier League
Runners-up: 2020
References
External links
Montreal Carabins profile
1995 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Malian footballers
Canadian soccer players
Sportspeople from Bamako
Soccer players from Montreal
Black Canadian soccer players
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Université de Montréal alumni
HFX Wanderers FC players
Indy Eleven players
Première Ligue de soccer du Québec players
Canadian Premier League players
Mali youth international footballers
Forge FC draft picks
21st-century Malian people
Forge FC players
CS St-Hubert players
CS Longueuil players
William Joseph Rorabaugh (1945–2020) was an American historian. They were a professor of history at the University of Washington, and from 2003–08 they were the managing editor of Pacific Northwest Quarterly.
Life
They graduated from Stanford University and the University of California, Berkeley with a PhD in 1976. They were a book reviewer and the author of several works of American history. In July 2006 they became president of the Alcohol and Drugs History Society.
They have studied the history of beer in America. Rorabaugh's 1979 book The Alcoholic Republic: An American Tradition demonstrated the exceedingly high rate of alcohol consumption in the United States in the early nineteenth century. At the time, Rorabaugh argued, "Americans preferred cider and whiskey because those drinks contained more alcohol than beer, which was too weak for American taste... One can only conclude that at the root of the alcoholic republic was the fact that Americans chose the most highly alcoholic beverages that they could obtain easily and cheaply."
In their more recent work on the decade of the 1960s in American history, Rorabaugh has suggested a redefinition of "the sixties." In their 2002 book Kennedy and the Promise of the Sixties, they wrote: "It is possible to argue that the sixties did not begin until 1965, when African Americans rioted in Watts and when large numbers of American combat troops were sent to Vietnam, and did not end until 1974 when Richard Nixon resigned, or even 1975, when the North Vietnamese marched into Saigon." Rorabaugh identified the earlier half of the decade as distinct both from the 1950s and "the sixties": "The early sixties, then, is important because it was an in-between time, a short space lodged between a more conservative, cautious, and complacent era that preceded it and a more frenzied, often raucous, and even violent era that followed."
Publications
[A study of American alcohol consumption in the Early Republic.]
[A study of the unrest on the Berkeley campus of the University of California during the era of the Free Speech Movement.]
References
External links
W. J. Rorabaugh, The Alcoholic Republic: An American Tradition.
21st-century American historians
21st-century American male writers
Social historians
Historians of the United States
University of Washington faculty
1945 births
2020 deaths
American male non-fiction writers
Kennedie Center On-Hers is the sixteenth stand-up comedy special by stand-up comedian Kathy Griffin and eighteenth overall. It was taped at the State Theatre in Minneapolis, Minnesota on and aired on on Bravo. It was their first special to feature their song I'll Say It.
Track listing
Personnel
Technical and production
Kathy Griffin - executive producer
Jenn Levy - executive producer
Paul Miller - executive producer
Kimber Rickabaugh - executive producer
Jeff U'ren - film editor
Bruce Ryan - production design
Cisco Henson - executive in charge of production
Lesley Maynard - production supervisor
Gene Crowe - associate director, stage manager
Josh Morton - dialogue editor
David Crivelli - technical supervisor
Gene Crowe - stage manager
Visuals and imagery
Ashlee Mullen - makeup artist
Charles Baker Strahan - hair stylist
Alan Adelman - lighting designer
Erica Courtney - earrings
References
External links
Kathy Griffin's Official Website
Kathy Griffin albums
Stand-up comedy albums
2013 live albums
Billingford Windmill is a grade II* listed brick tower mill at Billingford near Diss, Norfolk, England which has been preserved and restored to working order. As of June 2009, the mill is under repair, with new sails being made.
History
A windmill was first marked on William Faden's map of Norfolk published in 1797. This was a post mill which drove two pairs of millstones. The mill was blown down on 22 September 1859.
A new tower mill was built for William Chaplyn to replace the post mill. It cost £1,300 and was completed by March 1860. In 1872 the miller, Henry Pike, was sued for supplying meal unfit for consumption. They admitted having added some starch fibre to the meal. Judgement was given in their favour, but with 30s deducted and no order for costs being granted.
William Chaplyn died in 1881 and the mill was put up for sale by auction on 21 June 1881 at the King's Head Hotel, Diss but it remained unsold and was later offered to let. Provision had been made by this date for the mill to be driven by a steam engine. The mill was worked by a succession of millers through the years. An oil engine had been installed as auxiliary power by 1916.
In 1924, the mill was bought by George Daines, who worked it, and took on a partner in 1929. In 1933, their son Arthur joined the firm and worked the mill until called up to the Royal Navy during the Second World War. Upon their return in 1945, over £300 had to be spent repairing the mill to return it to working order. The mill was reduced to two sails. Arthur Daines worked the mill by wind until 1956 - the last windmill to work commercially by wind in Norfolk. Milling continued by engine power until 1959 when an outbreak of fowl pest killed off the remaining trade.
The mill was purchased by Victor Valiant who intended that it should be preserved. In February 1962, Messrs Thompson's, the Alford millwrights commenced restoration work. An appeal was launched in March 1962 by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings launched an appeal for £1,450. Grants of £1,000 each were given by the Historic Buildings Council and Norfolk County Council. The restoration cost £3,939 The cap, which had been tarred, was painted white. The outbuildings around the mill were demolished. On 24 September 1965, Mr Valiant gave the mill to the Norfolk Windmills Trust.
On the night of 2–3 January 1976, the fantail was destroyed in a gale. A replacement was made and fitted in March 1976 by Messrs Barrett and Lawn, millwrights. On 14 July 1977, a long fabricated steel stock was fitted by Lennard and Lawn, replacing a Columbian pine stock which had been fitted when the mill was restored in 1962. In 1998, Norfolk Windmills Trust had the mill put back into full working order. In 2002 Linda Joslin became the first woman miller at Billingford and together with a team of volunteers began milling English Organic wheat. The first "Billingford Loaf" for 50 years was produced that year and became very popular around Norfolk with the stones grinding the wheat when ever the wind blew strongly enough. Linda was made to leave the mill after a long and very public dispute having been asked to fully maintain the mill although they were not the owner. The mill was not used for a few years and has consequently deteriorated. On 11 June 2009, the sails were removed as they had been discovered to be rotten and in need of replacement. The new sails are being made by Thompsons, the Alford millwrights. The new sails were installed in September 2020.
Description
Billingford Windmill is a five-storey tower mill with a boat-shaped cap winded by a fantail. The tower is high to curb level. It has four double Patent sails carried on a cast-iron windshaft. The brake wheel carries a tablet inscribed "W SKINNER 1860". The upright shaft is of cast iron, and is diameter. The great spur wheel is only diameter. The two pairs of millstones are driven overdrift. A third pair is housed on a hurst frame on the ground floor of the mill and can be driven by engine.
Millers
George Goddard 1860-68
Edward Woodrow 1868
Henry Pike 1872
John Button 1875
Robert Gaze 1877
Robert Weavers 1883
John Cross 1892-1904
Richard Wood Crawshay 1908-12
Walter James Staff 1916
George Arthur Daines 1924-29
Daines & Chase 1929-33
G A Daines & Son 1933-37
Arthur Daines 1945-59
Reference for above:-
Public access
Billingford mill is open to the public on a number of Sundays and Bank Holidays or by arrangement with Norfolk Windmills Trust.
Culture and media
James Henry Govier (1910–1974), a talented amateur artist who lived at nearby Hoxne produced a number of paintings of this windmill.
References
The illustrated History of Hoxne. 2006. Stephen Govier.
Windmills in Norfolk
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Grade II* listed buildings in Norfolk
Grinding mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1859
South Norfolk
Grade II* listed windmills
The Free Methodist Church is a historic building in Dayton, Oregon, United States. Built in the 19th century, the church building is now occupied by the Dayton Assembly of God Church. The structure was added to the National Register of Historic Places on March 16, 1987.
It was built by a John Watson, who also built other structures in the Dayton area. They served as the first pastor.
References
Romanesque Revival architecture in Oregon
Romanesque Revival church buildings in the United States
Churches completed in 1885
Free Methodist Church
Former Methodist church buildings in the United States
Methodist churches in Oregon
Pentecostal churches in Oregon
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
National Register of Historic Places in Yamhill County, Oregon
Buildings and structures in Dayton, Oregon
Churches in Yamhill County, Oregon
1885 establishments in Oregon
Augusta Heritage Center in Elkins, West Virginia, United states, is a non-profit organization which fosters the scholarly study and practice of traditional arts in music, dance, craft, and folklore.
The program started in 1973 as a summer program named "Augusta Heritage Arts Workshops" that focused on Appalachian heritage and traditions. In 1981, Davis & Elkins College became the sponsor of the program, and renamed the program to Augusta Heritage Center. It has become known nationally and internationally for its activities relating to traditional folklife and folk arts of many regions and cultures. It conducts intensive week-long workshops for participants and holds public concerts, dances, and festivals. It has a full-time staff, plus volunteers, seasonal staff, and work-study students. The workshops and festivals are conducted by master artists, musicians, dancers, and craftspeople.
References
Tourist attractions in Randolph County, West Virginia
Education in Randolph County, West Virginia
West Virginia folklore
Ivan Čermak (born 19 December 1949) is a Croatian business person, politician and former general.
Biography
Born in Zagreb, Čermak became a small business person in the 1980s. In the 1990s, they entered the oil business.
Between 1990 and 1991, Čermak held the position of Vice President of the Executive Board of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) and also served as an advisor to the President of the Republic of Croatia, Franjo Tuđman. In 1991, they were appointed the Assistant Minister of Defence in the Croatian Government, a position they held until 1993. While in this position and thereafter, they held the rank of Colonel General.
They were succeeded in this position by their former chauffeur, Vladimir Zagorec.
In 1993, they briefly served as the Minister of Economy in the Cabinet of Nikica Valentić.
Čermak was commander of the Croatian Army's Knin corps during the 1995 Operation Storm.
In 2000, they were one of the signatories to the Twelve Generals' Letter.
In February 2004, they were indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia and brought to Trial of Gotovina et al in the Hague on charges of operating a joint criminal enterprise for the purpose of permanently removing the Serb population from the Krajina by force and of crimes against humanity.
In April 2011 the judgement was handed down and they were acquitted of all charges by the Trial Chamber and released immediately. The Prosecution did not appeal their acquittal.
References
1949 births
Croatian army officers
People indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
People acquitted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia
Military personnel of the Croatian War of Independence
Living people
Economy ministers of Croatia
Military personnel from Zagreb
Businesspeople from Zagreb
Croatian Democratic Union politicians
Politicians from Zagreb
Neil Stephens (born 1 October 1963 in Canberra) is an Australian former road bicycle racer. They won the Australian national road race title in 1991 and 1994.
 They are a Tour de France stage winner and is one of the relatively few riders to have completed the three Grand Tours (Giro d'Italia, Tour de France and Vuelta a España) in a calendar year, as well as being the first Australian to complete the feat. They were involved in the Festina doping scandal in 1998 Tour de France. They claimed that they took EPO but believed they were taking vitamin supplements intravenously. In late 2007, announced that Neil Stephens would be the team's new sport director.
Stephens was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM) in the 1996 Australia Day Honours for their service to cycling and the Australian Sports Medal in September 2000 in recognition of their Tour de France stage win.
Major results
1986
1st and Fastest Time Alex Roberts "100" Mile one day Classic Mount Gambier South Australia
1st, Overall, Herald Sun Tour
1988
1st, Stage 10, Milk Race
1990
1st, Stage 13, Herald Sun Tour
1st, Stage 5, Volta a Portugal
1991
National Road Race Championship
1st, GP Villafranca de Ordizia
1992
1st, Trofeo Calvia (Vuelta a Mallorca)
1993
1st, GP Villafranca de Ordizia
1st, Stage 3, Bicicleta Vasca
1994
1st, GP Villafranca de Ordizia
1995
National Road Race Championship
1st, GP Villafranca de Ordizia
1st, Overall, Tasmania Summer Tour
1st, Prologue & Stage 3
1996
1st, Overall, Vuelta a Andalucía
1st, Stage 5, Tour of the Basque Country
1997
1st, Stage 17, Tour de France
1998
1st, Stages 3 & 5, Tasmania Summer Tour
References
External links
Palmarès by cyclingbase.com
1963 births
Living people
Australian male cyclists
Sportspeople from Canberra
Olympic cyclists of Australia
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Australian Tour de France stage winners
Sportsmen from the Australian Capital Territory
Doping cases in Australian cycling
Cyclists from the Australian Capital Territory
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Australian Sports Medal
Estrid Brekkan (born 1954) is the Icelandic ambassador to Sweden, Albania and Kuwait. They presented their credentials in Stockholm on September 23, 2015.
They earned a degree in Political Science from University of Maryland University College.
References
Icelandic women ambassadors
Ambassadors of Iceland to Sweden
Ambassadors of Iceland to Albania
Ambassadors of Iceland to Kuwait
University System of Maryland alumni
1954 births
Living people
The Atsutla Range is a granitic mountain range on the Kawdy Plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada. The Atsutla Range lies south of the Yukon border in between Teslin Lake and the Stewart-Cassiar Highway, roughly north-northeast of Dease Lake.
References
External links
Mountain ranges of British Columbia
Cassiar Country
Stikine Plateau
Jiehkkevárri (alternative spellings: Jiekkevarri, Jiekkevarre, or Jæggevarre) is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Lyngen and Tromsø in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. It is the highest mountain in Troms og Finnmark and has the second highest prominence (primary factor) among Norwegian mountains. The tall mountain sits about northeast of the village of Lakselvbukt and about southwest of the village of Lyngseidet.
The first people known to have climbed it were Geoffrey Hastings (British) and Elias Hogrenning (Norwegian) in 1899. Its summit is ice-capped and any ascent involves a crossing of crevassed glaciers. Therefore, climbing it needs guiding by experienced mountaineers.
In winter, an experienced ski-mountaineer can traverse Jiehkkevárri in one long day, descending almost from the top via the steep, northeast facing couloir, described by the late Andreas Fransson as "a future classic for the new generation of mountain skiers". The descent route is exposed to serac fall from above, and is generally not recommended for ascending.
Name
The name is a compound of the Sami language words jiehkki which means "glacier" and várri which means "mountain".
See also
List of the highest points of Norwegian counties
List of European ultra prominent peaks
References
External links
"Jiehkkesvárri, Norway" on Peakbagger
Mountains of Troms og Finnmark
Tromsø
Lyngen
Highest points of Norwegian counties
A licensed behavior analyst is a type of behavioral health professional in the United States. They have at least a master's degree, and sometimes a doctorate, in behavior analysis or a related field. Behavior analysts apply radical behaviorism, or applied behavior analysis, to people.
Defining the scope of practice
The Behavior Analyst Certification Board (BACB) defines behavior analysis as follows:
The analysis. The experimental analysis of behavior (EAB) is the basic science of this field and has over many decades accumulated a substantial and well-respected research literature. This literature provides the scientific foundation for applied behavior analysis (ABA), which is both an applied science that develops methods of changing behavior and a profession that provides services to meet diverse behavioral needs. Briefly, professionals in applied behavior analysis engage in the specific and comprehensive use of principles of learning, including operant and respondent learning, in order to address behavioral needs of widely varying individuals in diverse settings. Examples of these applications include: building the skills and achievements of children in school settings; enhancing the development, abilities, and choices of children and adults with different kinds of disabilities; and augmenting the performance and satisfaction of employees in organizations and businesses.
As the above suggests, behavior analysis is based on the principles of operant and respondent conditioning. This places behavior analysis as one of the dominant models of behavior management, behavioral engineering and behavior therapy. Behavior analysis is an active, environmental based approach and some behavior analytic procedures are considered highly restrictive (see the least restrictive environment). For example, these service may make access to preferred items contingent on performance. This has led to abuses in the past, in particular where punishment programs have been involved. In addition, failure to be an independent profession often leads behavior analysts and other behavior modifiers to have their ethical codes supplanted by those of other professions. For example, a behavior analyst working in the hospital setting might design a token economy, a form of contingency management. They may desire to meet their ethical obligation to make the program habilitative and in the clients' best long-term interest. The physicians and nurses in the hospital who supervise them may decide that the token economy should instead create order in the nursing routines so clients get their medication quickly and efficiently. Instead of the ethical code of the Behavior Analysis Certification Board and the Association for Behavior Analysis International's position that those receiving treatment have a right to effective treatment and a right to effective education. In addition, failure on the part of a behavior analyst to adequately supervise their or their workers could lead to abuse. Finally, misrepresentations of the field and historical problems between academics has led to frequent calls to professionalize behavior analysis.
In general, there is wide support within the profession for licensure.
Range of populations worked with
The professional practice of behavior analysis ranges from treatment of individuals with autism and developmental disabilities to behavioral coaching and behavioral psychotherapy. In addition to treatment of mental health problems and corrections, the professional practice of behavior analysis includes organizational behavioral management, behavioral safety and even maintaining the behavioral health of astronauts while within and beyond earth's orbit.
Certification
The Behavior Analyst Certification Board (BACB) and the Qualified Applied Behavior Analysis Credentialing Board (QABA®) offers a technical certificates in behavior analysis. These certifications are internationally recognized. These certifications state the level of training and requires an exam to show a minimum level of competence to call oneself a board certified behavior analyst (BCBA) or qualified behavior analyst (QBA). Certification came about because of many ethical issues with behavioral interventions being delivered including the use of aversive and humiliating treatments in the name of behavior modification. American psychological association offers a diplomate (post Ph.D. and licensed certification) in behavioral psychology.
The meaning of certification
BACB and QABA are a private organization without governmental powers to regulate behavior analytic practice. While the BACB and QABA certifications means that candidates have satisfied entry-level requirements in behavior analytic training, certificants may require a government license for independent practice when treating behavioral health or medical problems. Licensed certificants must operate within the scope of their license and must practice within their areas of expertise. Where the government regulates behavior analytic services unlicensed certificants must be supervised by a licensed professional and operate within the scope of their supervisor's license when treating disorders. Unlicensed certificants who provide behavior analytic training for educational or optimal performance purposes do not require licensed supervision. Where the government does not regulate the treatment of medical or psychological disorders certificants should practice in accord with the laws of their state, province, or country. All certificants must practice within their personal areas of expertise.
Licensure
Recently, a move has occurred to license behavior analysts. Licensure's purpose is to protect the public from employing unqualified practitioners.
The model licensing act states that a person is a behavior analyst by training and experience. The person seeking licensure must have mastered behavior analysis by achieving a master's degree in behavior analysis or related subject matter. Like all other master level licensed professions (see counseling and licensed professional counselor) the model act sets the standard for a master's degree. This requirement states that the person has achieved textbook knowledge of behavior analysis which can be then tested through the exam offered by the Behavior Analyst Certification Board or the one offered by the QABA. It also requires an internship in which a behavior analyst works under another master or Ph.D. level behavior analyst for a period of one year (750 hours) with at least two hours/week of supervision. Finally, those 750 hours are considered tutelage time. After that, the behavior analyst must engage in supervised practice under a behavior analyst for a period of another 2 years (2,000 hours).
Once this process is complete, the person applies to a state board who ensures that they or they have indeed met the above conditions. Once the person is licensed public protection is still monitored by the licensing board, which makes sure that the person receives sufficient ongoing education, and the licensing board investigates ethical complaints. A licensed behavior analyst would have equal training, knowledge, skills and abilities in their discipline as would a mental health counselor or marriage and family therapist in their discipline. In February 2008, Indiana, Arizona, Massachusetts, Vermont, Oklahoma and other states now have legislation pending to create licensure for behavior analysts. Pennsylvania was the first state in 2008 to license "behavior specialists" to cover behavior analysts. Arizona, less than three weeks later, became the first state to license "behavior analysts." Other states such as New York, Nevada and Wisconsin also have passed behavior analytic licensure.
Other countries
Recently licensure efforts have occurred in Canada for behavior analysts.
Professional organizations
The Association for Behavior Analysis International has a special interest group for practitioner issues, which focuses on key issues related to licensing behavior analysts. In addition, they have a practice board and a policy board to handle legislative issues ABA:I. Finally, the association has recently put out its own model licensing act for behavior analysts.
Association for behavior analysis international serves as the core intellectual home for behavior analysts. The Association for Behavior Analysis International sponsors 2 conferences per year – one in the U.S. and one international.
See also
Professional practice of behavior analysis
References
Mental health occupations
Mental health in the United States
Applied psychology
Cognitive behavioral therapy
Behaviorism
de:Applied Behavior Analysis
fr:Analyse du comportement appliquée
nl:Toegepaste gedragsanalyse
pt:Profissional de saúde mental
Betaarterivirus suid 2 is a species of enveloped, positive-strand RNA viruses which infect domestic pigs. Members of the species are also known as porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus 2. Member viruses are a type of the porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome viruses (PRRSV). The two types of PRRSV are distinguished by which genomic cluster they are associated with. Type 1 is associated with a LV cluster. Type 2 is associated with a VR2332 cluster.
PRRSV is in the Arteriviridae family and the order Nidovirales. It has a positive sense RNA genome that is 15 kb long. This genome consists of ten open reading frames (ORFs) with a 5' untranslated region (UTR) and a 3' UTR. PRRSV causes porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome in swine. This syndrome results in failure during breeding and respiratory problems. Type 2 PRRSV was first seen in the United States in 1987. However, it has now spread worldwide to commercial swine facilities.
Within the swine industry, porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome causes interstitial pneumonia of grown swine and fetal death. Early gestation infection of a maternal swine can lead to embryonic infection. During mid-gestation, the fetuses are protected as the virus can not pass the placenta. However, in late state gestation transplacental infection to and from fetuses can occur and large scale reproductive failure may occur.
Tropism
As a member of the family Arteriviridae, PRRSV has an in vivo and in vitro tropism for cells like macrophages or monocytes. PRRSV can then infect a subpopulation of macrophages. These can then be identified by the expression of sialoadhesin
Viral classification
PRRSV type 2 has been historically classified according to RFLP (restriction fragment length polymorphism) patterns. These are characterized by displaying a cut pattern of three different enzymes (MluI, HincII and SacII) in the ORF5 portion of the PRRSV genome. Common RFLP types for are 1-7-4, 1-8-4, 2-5-2, among thousands of others. Criticism to this way of classifying the virus range from the multitude of possible combinations of different cut pattern of the three enzymes (leading to tens of thousands of different PRRSV RFLP patterns, with unknown epidemiological significance) to the quick change in RFLP types of a single virus in as few as 10 animal passages.
Because of those limitations, PRRSV type 2 has been recently classified according to phylogenetic characteristics of the ORF5 portion of the viral genome, which aggregates isolate into phylogenetic lineages based on the ancestral relationships and genetic distance among isolates. Using this methodology, PRRSV type 2 was sub-divided into 9 lineages, which are present with different prevalence across the world. Despite type 2 PRRSV being named the North American PRRSV, there are two lineages that are restricted to Asia. The other lineages had what is assumed introductions into other geographic locations such as Thailand, Canada, China and Italy. Within the U.S., the prevalence of different lineages of PRRSV change over time. It is presumed that Type 2 PRRSV was first seen in Canada after analyzing serological evidence. By 2010, of the top ten swine production states in the United States, viruses in 3 of the 9 major lineages were present. Two of the three lineages were considered major lineages because of their sample size. By 2019, at least 5 different lineages circulate in a single U.S. region, and certain lineages display complex intra-lineage variability, which has been sometimes referred to as sub-lineages. The occurrence of specific lineages in the United States are not homogeneous, certain lineages are more prevalent in specific parts of the country.
Since the 1987 classification of type 2 (North American-like) PRRSV, the virus has greatly diversified. There are three main epidemiological events that have occurred. There has been the introduction of the MN184-related cluster, acute PRRS/abortion storm, and highly pathogenic Chinese strains. The history of their incidences remain a mystery.
Genomic diversity
The genetic diversity of Type 2 PRRSV continues to grow. Canada and the United States have shown the highest degree of continued diversity. In Canada, the diversity is more localized in certain areas and thought to be due to the introduction of vaccination diversity. The United States genetic diversity has increased in all geographic areas. However, Mexico contains the greatest number of genetic outliers. Researchers believe this is due to multiple reintroductions of the virus to the areas.
Vaccinations
Currently, inactivated and live attenuated viruses are used to try to eliminate porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome (PRRS). It has been found that the inactivated vaccination only induces weak neutralizing antibodies against PRRS. This type of response can create a worse infection for those who have been infected. Without a strong neutralizing vaccination, the host cells are able to attach strongly and then with weak neutralizing effects, end up getting infected easier. The live attenuated vaccine works through an unknown mechanism and only helps clinical symptoms; it does not prevent infection. It is thought that the live attenuated vaccination may also revert to the virulent form of the virus. These two vaccinations are currently not effective.
There have been many new attempts to find effective vaccinations. Researchers are currently trying to identify neutralizing antibodies that will provide true immunity against type 2 PRRSV.
Structure
Type 2 PRRSV is an enveloped virus with a non-isometric nucleocapsid core. The Type 2 PRRSV genome has 10 open reading frames (ORFs) present. There are two large ORFs (ORF1a and ORF1b) that encode non-structural proteins. The remaining eight ORFs create the six main structural proteins for the virus. ORF2a, 3, 4, 5, encode glycoprotein 2,2a, 3, 4, and 5. ORF2b encodes the envelope protein. There is a newly discovered protein encoded in ORF5a that overlaps ORF5. ORF6 encodes the membrane protein. The nucleocapsid (N) protein is encoded by ORF7. The N protein is composed of 123 amino acids, produces an immune response within the cell, and is thought to be multifunctional. This protein also has five antigenic regions. A cryptic nuclear localization signal (NLS), a functional nuclear localization signal (NLS-2), and a nucleolar localization signal (NoLS) are all located on this protein as well.
Genome replication cycle
Attachment and entry
It has been found that a 210-kDa membrane protein expressed on porcine alveolar macrophages (PAMS) allows PRRSV to attach to the membrane. The exact nature of this protein has not yet been identified. Infection by PRRSV can be completely blocked using monoclonal antibodies that precipitate the 210- kDa protein out of solution. However, this does not completely block attachment to the PAMs. It has been shown previously that heparin can reduce infection of Marc-145 cells (a derived cell line from the African green monkey kidney cell line). It has now been shown that binding of type 2 PRRSV binds to heparin sulfate glycosaminoglycans on the PAMs is vital to entry. PRRSV then binds to CD169 on the PAM. This binding activates receptor-mediated clathrin-dependent endocytosis. The genome enters the cytoplasm using a reaction by CD163.
Replication and transcription
Despite, the genetic variation that occurs in type 2 PRRSV, a conserved stem loop in the genome has been identified. This is believed to play a role in viral replication and translation.
PRSSV is assumed to transcribe like other nidoviruses that transcribe in a discontinuous fashion. The structural proteins are translated from the 5' ends of the sub genomic (sg) mRNA 2 to 7. The 5' UTR in PRRSV consists of its 5' leader sequence. The PRSSV generates a 3' coterminal set of sgmRNAs. It has been shown that mutations within the leader transcription regulating sequence (TRS) of the type 2 PRRSV genome may inhibit proper sgmRNA translation. Intact leader TRS is required for proper sgmRNA transcription. PRSSV uses different non-conical (non-structural) body translation regulating sequences (TRS-B) to produce different sg mRNA species. Different strains have and use different TRS-Bs depending on genotype changes that have occurred. The 3' terminal C5 and C6 are conserved within different species' TRS-Bs.
It has been suggested that despite the normal anti-viral role Protein Kinase R (PKR) plays in cells, type 2 PRRSV uses PKR as a pro-viral kinase within the cell. When PKR was knocked out in Marc-145 cells, Type-2 PRRSV strain 23983 replication decreased. Therefore, it is assumed that PKR plays a pro-viral role by affecting PRRSV transcription.
ORF1a and ORF1b are translated to create two large proteins. Processing of these precursor proteins creates at least 14 nonstructural proteins. The processing is regulated by four main viral proteases. Most of the nonstructural protein (NSPs) assemble and create a complex called the replication and transcription complex (RTC). The complexes then accumulate in the endoplasmic reticulum double membrane vesicles. These complexes direct both replication and transcription.
Besides these hints, the exact way in which type 2 PRRSV translates remains a mystery.
Assembly and release
At the end of replication, the nucleocapsid proteins surround the newly made genome. The new nucleocapsid complex buds from the smooth endoplasmic reticulum and the golgi complex. Through this process the new capsid obtains the required six viral envelope proteins. The new virions then go into the extracellular space via exocytosis.
The type 2 PRRSV infection induces the unfolded protein response (UPR) within the cell, also known as the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response. This response triggers the function of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNK). The activation of JNK leads to p53 and Akt activation which in turn lead to apoptosis of the cell. It is thought that this apoptosis of the host cell plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of the type 2 PRRSV infection.
Modulation of host processes
One main way that Type 2 PRSSV modulates the host cell is through the activation of the inflammatory response. This pro-inflammatory response in host cells oftentimes most visibly results in interstitial pneumonia of the infected swine. It has now been found that type 2 PRRSV increases the NF - KB-driven inflammatory cytokine response. This response activates the DHX36-MyD88-P65 signaling cascade. When researchers knocked out DHX36, the activation of NF-κB signaling by PRSSV and nucleocapsid (N) protein was inhibited. Because of this experiment it is now known that type 2 PRSSV using its N protein to induce the NF-κB response. Type 2 PRSSV is able to induce this response through the interaction between the N protein and DHX36. This interaction is made possible through the N-terminal of the DHX36.
References
Arteriviridae
Swine diseases
Carenum browni is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
browni
Beetles described in 1916
Maud Virginia Duncan was an American newspaperwoman and a former mayor of Winslow, a community in Washington County in northwestern Arkansas.
Early life
Maud Duncan was born 22 October 1873 in Fayetteville, Arkansas. Them mother died before their first birthday. Them and three siblings were sent to their uncle and wife in Virginia. There they met and married their husband and followed them to Winslow, where they started a newspaper, the Winslow American.
Newspaper publisher
In 1919, their husband died. They continued their work by writing, editing, selling advertising, and publishing the newspaper. This they did with a manual printing press.
Petticoat government
In 1925, they ran for mayor and was elected, along with an all-woman government, which became known as the "Petticoat Government". It was the first in America and stirred up quite a bit of controversy among the citizens.
References
External links
Encyclopedia of Arkansas, Virginia Maud Dunlap-Duncan
Mayors of places in Arkansas
People from Virginia
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Women mayors of places in Arkansas
Women in Arkansas politics
Editors of Arkansas newspapers
Women newspaper editors
William A. DiBella (born May 17, 1943) is a Connecticut politician and business person who has served as chairperson of the board at the Metropolitan District Commission of Connecticut since 2002, a post they previously held from 1977 to 1981. DiBella is currently a lobbyist, and a Principal at CMD Ventures LLC., a company which specializes in real estate management and property development.
Personal life
William DiBella was born in the city of Hartford, Connecticut in 1943.  They are married to Donna DiBella and together they have a son named Marc who is also a politician and lobbyist in Hartford. William DiBella resides with their wife in Old Saybrook and with their son at their son's apartment in Hartford's iconic, I.M. Pei designed, Bushnell Tower; but for political reasons they maintain legal residency in Hartford.
Political career
Local
DiBella's political career got its start when they were elected as a member of the Hartford City Council, a position they would hold from 1971 to 1979. They were also Deputy Mayor of Hartford from 1975 to 1977, serving under Mayor George A. Athanson.
State
In 1980 DiBella ran for the State Representative in Connecticut's 1st assembly district defeating Republican challenger Anthonye S. Esposito 75.1% to 24.9%. This district consists of Southeastern Bloomfield and Northwestern Hartford, they served as Representative from 1981 to 1983. In 1983 they were elected to the Connecticut State Senate representing Connecticut's 1st Senate District which includes the southern half of Hartford and northern half of Wethersfield, they stayed in the Senate until 1996. William A. DiBella served as the Majority Leader of the Connecticut Senate from 1992 to 1994.
MDC
The Metropolitan District Commission of Connecticut is a public municipal corporation empowered by a 1929 Charter from the Connecticut State Assembly, as the water and sewage supplier for much of Metro Hartford the MDC has immense power. It operates with an exceptional level of autonomy and even has its own police force. DiBella was first appointed to the MDC Board of Directors in 1977 and served until 1981. They were appointed a second time to the Board in 2002.
Scandals
Residency
In 2016 a complaint was made that DiBella did not meet the legal residency standards of a Hartford resident. The complaint was made that DiBella lived in Old Saybrook, Connecticut with their wife while claiming to live in Hartford even though they owned no property there. DiBella claimed that they were living with their son Marc when in Hartford and had their own bedroom in their apartment. The State of Connecticut Election Enforcement Commission investigated the claim and found in DiBella's favor in part because they kept a toothbrush and other minor toiletries at their son's apartment and they also received mail there.
Involvement in Corruption and Racketeering
In 2008 a Federal Court ordered William A. DiBella to pay a penalty of $795,000 for their role in a fraudulent investment scheme. It was alleged that DiBella was involved in a scheme with former Treasurer of the State of Connecticut Paul J. Silvester in which they received kickbacks from Thayer Capital Partners in return for steering $75 million in State Retirement and Trust Fund business to them. DiBella used their career as a lobbyist to cover up the illegal income. The US Securities and Exchange Commission became interested in DiBella during the course of a bribery investigation into Silvester, Thayer Capital, and Thayer Executive Fred Malek. The relationship between DiBella and Malek went beyond Malek's relationship with Silverster; DiBella testified in federal court that Fred Malek told them "I need you for the new treasurer,” the incoming Denise Nappier. DiBella's contract also required them to assist Malek personally with "ongoing investor relations."
The scheme moved much of the State Retirement and Trust Fund into high-risk, long term, non-liquid private equity funds that unbalanced the investment plan, increasing the risk of a long term failure. DiBella co-conspirator Silvester served 79 months in prison for their leading role in the racketeering and corruption. This was one in a long series of court cases in the 1990s and 2000s involving corrupt Connecticut politicians, political corruption was rampant at the highest level in Connecticut during and before this time with a number of Connecticut Politicians serving federal time in the coming years, including Governor John G. Rowland, Bridgeport Mayor Joe Ganim and Hartford Mayor Eddie Perez.
MDC
DiBellas position as MDC Chairman was not affected by their fraudulent and corrupt undertaking, even though there have been widespread calls for them to step down. The Federation of Connecticut Taxpayer Organizations has added DiBella to their “Hall of Shame” of politicians who grossly betray the public's trust. Fellow MDC Commissioner Mark Pappa stated that “If this was a publicly traded company this conversation wouldn't even happen because there's no question Mr. DiBella would not be sitting here.”
Press
Their relationship with the press has been contentious, a New York Times article claims that their nickname among the press is "the Ken doll from hell.” a nickname that makes light of their trademark hair and flashy style.
References
1943 births
Living people
Connecticut state senators
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
Connecticut Democrats
21st-century American politicians
20th-century American politicians
American lobbyists
Politicians from Hartford, Connecticut
Connecticut city council members
American white-collar criminals
Mesud Pezer (born 27 August 1994) is a Bosnian shot putter. Pezer holds both national records in the shot put discipline.
They represented their country at the 2016 Summer Olympics without qualifying for the final, and the 2020 Summer Olympics, where they reached the final and placed 11th overall.
Their personal bests in the event are outdoors (Växjö 2019) and indoors (Birmingham 2018).
International competitions
Note: This table only includes major athletics championships and does not include Diamond League or World Athletics Continental Tour/IAAF World Challenge meets.
References
1994 births
Living people
Bosnia and Herzegovina male shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Bosnia and Herzegovina
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Sportspeople from Zenica
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Karen Newman MRBS (born 20 January 1951) is a British-born sculptor, best known for their bronze bust of Violette Szabo on the Albert Embankment of the River Thames, outside Lambeth Palace in London.
Career
Newman was trained at the Chelsea School of Art for a Pre-Diploma 1969–1970, then on to the City and Guilds Art School in Kennington, London 1970–1972. From 1980 to 2001 Newman worked at Madame Tussauds in London. Among their subjects were:
The Duke of Edinburgh
Charlie Chaplin
The late ex-Prime Minister Harold Wilson
Sarah, Duchess of York
Stevie Wonder
Eric Clapton
Bob Geldof
Prime Minister Tony Blair
The late Israeli Prime Minister Yitzak Rabin
Jeroen Krabbé. Dutch film actor, painter.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl
Jean-Paul Gaultier
Yoko Ono
Charles Dance
Hugh Grant
Billy Connolly
Newman's life-size waxwork of Charlie Chaplin was exhibited at the National Portrait Gallery, London.
In 2008, a bronze bust of Violette Szabo was unveiled at the Albert Embankment of the River Thames, in front of Lambeth Palace.
References
1951 births
Living people
Alumni of Chelsea College of Arts
Sculptors from London
Alumni of the City and Guilds of London Art School
Srae Ambel District () is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia.
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
Carter County is a county located in the U.S. state of Montana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,415, making it the seventh-least populous county in Montana. The county seat is Ekalaka.
History
Carter County was named for Thomas Henry Carter, the state's first member of congress (representative in Congress from the Montana Territory, followed by first representative from the state of Montana to the US House of Representatives). Prior to settlement the land of Carter County was occupied by the Sioux tribe.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Medicine Rocks State Park is located 14 miles north of Ekalaka. Weathering has given the rocks an unusual texture. The site was used by Indian hunting parties.
Adjacent counties
Powder River County - west
Custer County - northwest
Fallon County - north
Harding County, South Dakota - east
Butte County, South Dakota - southeast
Crook County, Wyoming - south
National protected area
Custer National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 1,360 people, 543 households, and 382 families living in the county. The population density was <1/km2 (<1/sq mi). There were 811 housing units at an average density of <1/km2 (<1/sq mi). The racial makeup of the county was 98.60% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.29% from other races, and 0.51% from two or more races. 0.59% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 35.3% were of German, 14.0% English, 12.9% Norwegian, 11.1% Irish and 5.2% Scottish ancestry.
There were 543 households, out of which 30.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.60% were married couples living together, 7.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.50% were non-families. 27.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.99.
The county population contained 26.50% under the age of 18, 4.10% from 18 to 24, 24.90% from 25 to 44, 26.50% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,313, and the median income for a family was $32,262. Males had a median income of $21,466 versus $15,703 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,280. About 15.90% of families and 18.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.20% of those under age 18 and 16.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 census, there were 1,160 people, 532 households, and 354 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 810 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.8% white, 0.9% American Indian, 0.1% black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 41.5% were German, 19.6% were English, 18.8% were Norwegian, 12.3% were Irish, and 4.3% were American.
Of the 532 households, 20.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.4% were married couples living together, 4.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.5% were non-families, and 30.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.16 and the average family size was 2.65. The median age was 50.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,703 and the median income for a family was $47,955. Males had a median income of $26,736 versus $18,274 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,681. About 8.5% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.4% of those under age 18 and 10.8% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 census, there were 1,415 people and 628 households in Carter County. Of the population, 96.7% were White, 0.2% Black or African American, 1.0% Native American, 0.1% Asian, and 1.9% two or more races. 1.1% were Hispanic. 1.0% had a different primary language to English. The county was 50.1% female, 49.9% male.
The median household income was $48,000, $6,970 below the median of Montana. 61.7% of the population aged over 16 were in the civilian labor force. 14.7% of the population were classed as living in poverty. 2.4% of the population had a disability. 92.5% of the population graduated from high school, with 20.2% obtaining a bachelor's degree or higher. 86.5% of households had a computer, with 77.9% having broadband access.
Politics
Carter County has voted for the Republican candidate in every presidential election since 1952, with Harry S. Truman being the last Democrat to carry the county.
Communities
Town
Ekalaka (county seat)
Census-designated place
Alzada
Unincorporated communities
Albion
Belltower
Boyes
Hammond
Mill Iron
Ridge
Former communities
Capitol
See also
List of lakes in Carter County, Montana
List of mountains in Carter County, Montana
References
External links
CarterCountyMT.info
1917 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1917
Fairview Cemetery is a cemetery in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. It is perhaps best known as the final resting place for over one hundred victims of the sinking of the Titanic. Officially known as Fairview Lawn Cemetery, the non-denominational cemetery is run by the Parks Department of the Halifax Regional Municipality.
Location
Fairview Lawn Cemetery is located in the North End of Halifax at the Northern End of Windsor Street. It is bordered by the Saint John Anglican cemetery on one side and the Baron de Hirsch Cemetery on another.
History
A blockhouse was built at the site in the 1750s to protect Halifax from attacks by the Mi'kmaq people. The land was subsequently developed as small farms. In 1893, the land was acquired by a private company, the Fairview Lawn Cemetery Limited, for a non-denominational cemetery because the Camp Hill Cemetery in the centre of the city was running out of room. The city of Halifax took over the cemetery in 1944. Fairview contains a cross-section of Halifax's 20th century residents including a Greek section and a Chinese section as well as a mass grave of victims from the Halifax Explosion and many other graves.
Titanic victims
Fairview was selected by city coroner/registrar John Henry Barnstead as the site where the Titanic victims should be buried.
One hundred and twenty-one victims of the sinking are interred at Fairview, more than any other cemetery in the world. Most of them are memorialized with small gray granite markers with the name and date of death. Some families paid for larger markers with more inscriptions. The occupants of a third of the graves, however, have never been identified and their markers contain just the date of death and marker number. Surveyor E. W. Christie laid out three long lines of graves in gentle curves following the contours of the sloping site. By co-incidence, the curved shape suggests the outline of the bow of a ship. A complete listing of those victims buried in Fairview can be found here.
One of the better-known Titanic markers is for an unidentified child victim, known for decades as The Unknown Child. No one claimed the body, so they were buried with funds provided by sailors of , the cable ship that recovered their body. The marker bears the inscription 'Erected to the memory of an unknown child whose remains were recovered after the disaster of the "Titanic" April 15, 1912'. In November 2002, the child was initially identified as 13-month-old Eino Viljami Panula of Finland. Eino, their mother, and four brothers all died in the Titanic disaster. After additional forensic testing, the unknown child was re-identified as 19-month-old Sidney Leslie Goodwin, an English child who perished with their entire family.
A grave marked "J. Dawson" gained fame following the release of the 1997 film Titanic, since the name of Leonardo DiCaprio's character in the film is Jack Dawson. Many filmgoers, moved by the story, left flowers and ticket stubs at Dawson's grave when the film was first released, and flowers continue to be left today. Film director James Cameron has said the character's name was not in fact inspired by the grave. More recent research has revealed that the grave actually belongs to Joseph Dawson, an Irishman who worked in Titanics boiler room as a coal trimmer.
The Fairview Titanic graves also include the burial place and marker of William Denton Cox, a heroic flight attendant who died while escorting third class passengers to the lifeboats. Six of the previously unknown Titanic victims were identified in 1991 with the help of the Titanic International Society. Newly-inscribed headstones bearing their names were unveiled on September 23, 1991, at ceremonies attended by then-Halifax Mayor Ronald Wallace, Titanic survivor Louise Pope, and more than 50 members of the Society.
Twenty-nine other Titanic victims are buried elsewhere in Halifax; nineteen in the Roman Catholic Mount Olivet Cemetery and ten in the Jewish Baron de Hirsch Cemetery.
War Graves
The cemetery also contains 29 war graves of Commonwealth service personnel, 20 from World War I and 9 from World War II.
References
External links
Find a Grave Profile for Fairview Cemetery
About Joseph Dawson
Cemeteries in Halifax, Nova Scotia
RMS Titanic
A Land for All (Spanish:Tierra de todos) is a 1962 Spanish war film directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi and starring Manuel Gallardo, Fernando Cebrián and Montserrat Julió.
Main cast
Manuel Gallardo as Juan
Fernando Cebrián as Andrés
Montserrat Julió as Teresa
Amparo Baró as María
Lluís Torner as Pedro
Juan Lizárraga as Rafa
Fernando Repiso as Chico
María Zaldívar as Manuela
Antonio Andrada as Don Elías
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1962 war films
Spanish war films
1962 films
1960s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi
1960s Spanish films
Rich Mosca (born c. 1948) is a former American football player and coach. They served as the head football coach at Fairleigh Dickinson–Florham (FDU) in Florham Park, New Jersey from 2002 to 2010, compiling a record of 23–67.
Head coaching record
College
References
1940s births
Living people
Concord Mountain Lions football players
Fairleigh Dickinson–Florham Devils football coaches
Monmouth Hawks football coaches
West Liberty Hilltoppers football players
High school football coaches in New Jersey
Baghban Kola (, also Romanized as Bāghbān Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 65 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Andrey Beliayev is a Belarusian sprint canoeist who competed in the late 1990s. They won two medals in the C-4 200 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold in 1997 and a silver in 1998.
References
Soviet male canoeists
Belarusian male canoeists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships medalists in Canadian
McCreary County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Whitley City. The county is named for James B. McCreary, a Confederate war soldier and two-time Governor of Kentucky (1875–1879, 1911–1915). During their second term as governor, McCreary County was created by the Legislature and was named in their honor.
History
McCreary County is the only Kentucky county without an incorporated city. Because of this, county government is the sole local government agency for the entire county. Attractions in McCreary County include the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area, Cumberland Falls State Park, and the Big South Fork Scenic Railway, which tours several former coal camps. In popular culture, McCreary County is mentioned in the FX drama Justified, for it is home to USP McCreary, near Pine Knot.
The majority of the county is controlled by the federal government. 43% is managed by the Daniel Boone National Forest, and 18% managed by the National Park Service as the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area.
The area now encompassed by Kentucky's McCreary County was first bounded in 1772, when all of what is now the state of Kentucky was in the frontier county of Fincastle County, Virginia. Fincastle was divided in 1776, with the western portion named Kentucky County, Virginia. In 1780, the Virginia legislature set aside all land in Kentucky County for soldiers who had served in the Revolutionary War. In 1780, Kentucky County was divided into three counties: Jefferson, Fayette, and Lincoln. In 1784, a portion of Jefferson County was partitioned off to create Nelson County, and in 1792 a portion of Lincoln County was partitioned off to create Green County. In 1798, a further portion of Lincoln County was partitioned off, and combined with parts of Green County, to create Pulaski and Cumberland Counties. The following year yet another portion of Lincoln County was partitioned off to create Knox County, and in 1800 the new Cumberland County was sectioned off to create Wayne County. In 1818, Whitley County was created from a portion of Knox County.
In 1912, the Kentucky Legislature partitioned parts of Pulaski, Wayne, and Whitley Counties, to create McCreary County. Its boundaries have remained unchanged since that time. the 120th and final county in order of formation. The present county boundaries contain of land area. The majority of the county was carved out of Wayne and Whitley Counties, with a large center strip following the rail line and roadway from Pulaski County. The early history of the area is that of those counties, and is related in the historic perspectives for them. The map to the left shows the network of roadways that had been established by the 1860s. A dotted blue line and settlement names have been added for reference.
The most significant early feature of the future county was the Jacksboro Road. Running from Jacksboro, Tennessee, to Point Isabel and Somerset, this pioneer road was simply an enlargement of the Tellico Trail, an Indian route that had been used for thousands of years. Several other trails intersected this road, and led to the settlement of villages such as Pine Knot, Dripping Springs/Coolidge, and Flat Rock. Other settlement occurred in sequestered hollows. The economy of the times was based upon small-scale subsistence agriculture, timber products such as railroad ties and barrel staves, and small coal mines.
Beginning in the early 19th century, Cumberland Falls gained attention as a tourism destination. Later development increased visitation, and the Brunsen Inn was a popular destination for seasonal visitors. Until a road was built from Whitley County in 1931, the primary access to the Falls was through McCreary. With a generous contribution from one of the DuPont family heirs, the Falls joined the state park system in 1930.
The completion of the Cincinnati Southern Railway line through the county in 1880 changed its economic characteristics. Access to distant markets for timber and coal caused the emergence of many small mining and logging companies. The greatest impact came from the Justus S. Stearns enterprises. From 1903 through the rest of the century, the territory of McCreary County was dominated and controlled by Stearns company interests.
Attempting to avoid financial losses during the Great Depression of the 1930s, the Stearns cluster of companies sold vast quantities of land to the U.S. Government, becoming part of what was to become the Cumberland National Forest in 1937. This forest reserve was subsequently renamed Daniel Boone National Forest. In the 1970s, legislative action acquired additional lands in southern McCreary and Tennessee, creating the Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area in the mid-1970s.
Government
Judge Executive Hon. Jimmie "Bevo" Greene (R)
Deputy Judge Executive Hon.Nathan Nevels (R)
County Magistrates:
Magistrate Dist. 1 William "Bill" Hale Jr. (R)
Magistrate Dist. 2 Roger Phillips (R)
Magistrate Dist. 3 Bobbie Strunk (R)
Magistrate Dist. 4 Randy Maxwell (R)
County Clerk Eric Haynes (R)
Sheriff Randy Waters (D)
Jailer Jesse Hatfield (R)
Coroner Timothy L. Corder (R)
Tourism Director
Economic Development Director
Property Valuation Administrator Dwight Ross
McCreary County Attorney Austin Price
The Federal Bureau of Prisons U.S. Penitentiary, McCreary is in the county, near Pine Knot.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Geology
McCreary County lies on the western edge of the Cumberland Plateau, which constitutes the East Kentucky Coal Field. It is located entirely within the proclamation boundary of the Daniel Boone National Forest. The county's bedrock is deeply incised by the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River and its tributaries, creating sheer cliffs, gorges, waterfalls, rock shelters, and natural stone arches. Most of the geological underpinning of this region is capped with thick sandstone, and formidable coal seams are common in this formation. Limited lands suitable for large-scale conventional agriculture exist, so the economy of the area has historically been centered upon extractive industries such as timber and mining.
Adjacent counties
Pulaski County (north)
Laurel County (northeast)
Whitley County (east)
Campbell County, Tennessee (southeast)
Scott County, Tennessee (south)
Wayne County (west)
National protected areas
Big South Fork National River and Recreation Area (part)
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,080 people, 6,520 households, and 4,753 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,405 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.99% White, 0.63% Black or African American, 0.42% Native American, 0.02% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. 0.62% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 6,520 households, out of which 35.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.50% were married couples living together, 13.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.10% were non-families. 24.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.03.
The age distribution was 27.70% under the age of 18, 9.80% from 18 to 24, 28.20% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 96.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $19,348, and the median income for a family was $22,261. Males had a median income of $20,823 versus $15,575 for females. The per capita income for the county was $9,896. About 26.10% of families and 32.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 40.50% of those under age 18 and 27.30% of those age 65 or over. The county's per-capita income makes it one of the poorest counties in the United States, and second in poverty only to another county in the same Kentucky region, Clay County, among counties with a majority non-Hispanic white population.
Politics
McCreary County has only once voted for a non-Republican for president, in the year of its formation, when it voted for Theodore Roosevelt of the Progressive Party, with President William Howard Taft second and Democrat Woodrow Wilson a distant third at 18.1%. This trend has only strengthened in recent elections, with Republican Donald Trump winning 88.0% of the vote in 2020, the highest vote share for a Republican in the county since Herbert Hoover in 1928.
Economy
The economic history of McCreary County has been one of boom and bust, based upon the extractive resources of coal mining and timber. The Stearns interests sold the last of their mining operations to Blue Diamond Coal in the 1980s, and the county's last operating mine closed in 1994. A resurgence of the coal industry does not seem possible, as the local coal is high in sulfur, and drainage from coal mining would adversely affect a number of outstanding and special waters in the county.
The county is poor. McCreary is one of the U.S. counties most dependent upon federal government assistance programs such as SNAP, SSI, SSDI, Social Security, Medicare/Medicaid, and other government assistance programs. 52.46 percent of the income of the residents of the county is derived from government assistance. The average resident received $11,022 in government assistance in 2009.
Industrial development began in the 1970s, with new manufacturing concerns in the sewing industry. Changes in the global economy have shifted a substantial percentage of the consumer garment market to production facilities outside the United States. Those that remain in the county draw their work from military contracts, and the production of high-end consumer goods. Timber remains a factor in the economy, with logging and cut hardwood production. Since the 1970s, the county has attempted to develop three industrial parks with little success. The latest venture, on Kentucky Route 92 in Pine Knot, is building a "spec" building as a means of attracting new industry to the county.
Agriculture has never played a significant role in the county's economy. In 2002, 5% of the county was in farmland. Top products were livestock, hay and forage. Together this represented a total market value of $566,000, down 1% from 1997. These low numbers indicate that the county has never had a substantial agricultural industry, and that over 80% of the county lands are held by the federal government. McCreary County is ranked number 112 out of 120 counties in overall agricultural production.
The tourism industry in the county may trace its beginnings to the restoration of Historic Stearns, the development of the scenic railway, the interpretive work at Blue Heron, and the reconstruction of Barthell, the site of Stearns Company's first coal mine and town in 1903. Those resources may represent the largest interpretive collection of historic coal mining in America. The Big South Fork Scenic Railway is presently in a major development project to add a steam locomotive and to extend the line.
The Big South Fork NRRA represents of land, of which approximately one-third is located in McCreary County. The largest section of the park and its main Bandy Creek visitor center are located in Tennessee. In 2004, the park received 901,425 visitors, down 23% from 2002. Due to a lack of organized activities, events, and recreational tourism opportunities, visitation on the Kentucky side does not fare well. Similar issues exist for visitation in the Stearns district of the Daniel Boone National Forest.
Transportation
McCreary County Airport is near Pine Knot.
US 27 splits the county north and south, and KY 92 runs east and west. US 27 and KY 92 run concurrent from Pine Knot to the traffic light at Stearns, where KY 92 splits off and heads west towards Wayne County. McCreary is also served by Norfolk Southern Railway, which has several industrial sidings in the area. NS also interchanges traffic with the Kentucky and Tennessee Railway in Stearns.
Communities
McCreary is the last remaining county in the Commonwealth of Kentucky that does not have any incorporated city or township. The following McCreary County communities are census-designated places:
Pine Knot
Stearns
Whitley City (county seat)
Attractions
Notable people
Wilburn K. Ross
Allie Leggett
Will Lavender
See also
McCreary County v. American Civil Liberties Union
National Register of Historic Places listings in McCreary County, Kentucky
References
External links
McCreary County schools
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1912 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1912
Edward Hawkins (1902–1991) was an architect, developer, and builder in Colorado. Inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright, they designed houses of the Usonian-style architecture for their Arapahoe Acres development in Englewood, Colorado. They also began development of the Arapahoe Hills neighborhood.
Early life and education
Edward B. Hawkins was born in Denver, Colorado in 1902. They graduated from East High School and studied civil engineering in Fort Collins at Colorado State Agricultural College, now Colorado State University. They studied the work of Frank Lloyd Wright's residential design.
Career
They worked for Home Builders of America in Chicago as a building superintendent beginning in 1924. They also are a general contractor on the side. During the Great Depression, they worked for the Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) building picnic areas, fireplaces, and roads.
During World War II, Hawkins worked at the Rocky Mountain Arsenal as a civilian. They also began to design and building houses. They built 35 modern houses in northeast Denver between 1942 and 1949. They established Construction Products Company in Lakewood, Colorado to prefabricate portions of the house that were assembled at the housing site. They manufactured aluminum-frame windows for the houses they developed and for sale to other home builders.
In August 1949, they began development the Arapahoe Acres neighborhood in Englewood. The houses display characteristics of Usonian and International Style architecture. They were accepted by a national program developed by the Southwest Research Institute and the Revere Copper and Brass Company to advance "better architect-builder relations and the general improvement of the quality of speculatively built houses", which focused on livable, cost-effective housing. They hired architect Eugene Sternberg to develop construction plans and design houses for the neighborhood. Hawkins relocated their pre-fabrication construction shop to be closer to the new development. Houses are oriented for privacy, solar heating, and mountain views. Streets are curvilinear to reduce through traffic. The houses had modern appliances, fireplaces, and used Revere Copper and Brass products. Heating systems were a combination of radiant floor heat and force air heat. Among the press received for the development, Life magazine featured Arapahoe Acres in "Best Houses under $15,000; Eight fine, mass-produced examples show buyers what they can get in low-priced homes." After the initial model home was sold for more than $11,500 agreed upon between Hawkins and Sternberg, Sternberg ended the collaborative effort and Hawkins designed all but about 20 houses for the development. Sternberg favored the International Style. Hawkins designed about 70 larger houses in the Usonian style of Frank Lloyd Wright, using natural stone, wood sunscreens and louvers, and glass as a design element. Construction was completed in 1957. Hawkins lived and worked in Arapahoe Acres.
They then began development on Arapahoe Hills, which was completed by business partner and contractor Clyde Mannon.
Personal life
Hawkins was married by 1942 to Charlotte. They retired in 1967 to Vista, California, where they designed their retirement home in a Japanese style. They spent eight years traveling internationally. They died in 1991 and Charlotte died four years later.
References
1902 births
1991 deaths
American residential architects
Architects from Denver
Captain Lord Charles William Brudenell-Bruce (18 June 1834 – 16 April 1897), styled Lord Charles Bruce, was a British soldier and Liberal Party politician. They served as Vice-Chamberlain of the Household under William Ewart Gladstone between 1880 and 1885.
Background
Bruce was the son of Charles Brudenell-Bruce, 1st Marquess of Ailesbury, by their second wife Maria Elizabeth Tollemache, daughter of the Honourable Charles Tollemache, of Harrington, Northamptonshire. George Brudenell-Bruce, 2nd Marquess of Ailesbury, and Ernest Brudenell-Bruce, 3rd Marquess of Ailesbury, were their elder half-brothers.
Military career
Bruce served in the 1st Life Guards. They purchased a captaincy in the regiment on 30 August 1859, succeeding Hon. Dudley FitzGerald-deRos. They were also an Honorary Major in the Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry.
Political career
Bruce sat as Member of Parliament for North Wiltshire from 1865 to 1874 and for Marlborough from 1878 to 1885. In 1880 they were sworn of the Privy Council and appointed Vice-Chamberlain of the Household under William Ewart Gladstone, a post they held until the Liberal government fell in 1885.
Family
Bruce married Augusta Georgiana Sophia Seymour, daughter of Frederick Charles William Seymour and granddaughter of Lord Hugh Seymour, on 2 February 1860. They had no children.
They died in April 1897, aged 62. Lady Charles Bruce died in February 1901.
References
External links
1834 births
1897 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1865–1868
UK MPs 1868–1874
UK MPs 1874–1880
UK MPs 1880–1885
Younger sons of marquesses
Charles
Royal Wiltshire Yeomanry officers
Gyspy Woman is the first extended play by Greek singer Eleni Foureira. Hit Channel reported on 14 May 2019. that the EP was going to be released exclusively to Spotify on 17 May 2019 with 5 tracks, a cover of Crystal Waters 1991 song "Gypsy Woman", that Foureira performed at the 2019 MAD Walk event in April, as well as four original songs. On 30 May 2019, it was released on other streaming services. "El Ritmo Psicodélico" acted as a single, a lyric video was released to YouTube on 19 June 2019 and Eleni performed the song at the 2019 MAD Video Music Awards event in July.
Reception
ESCxtra called the EP a fusion of reggaeton and Latin beats. Wiwibloggs wrote that "Gypsy Woman is a series of dance floor bangers that is bound to get you moving to el ritmo.". Press Party wrote about Call Ya specifically, and wrote about the song "the pounding drums, maracas and slinky horns on ‘Call Ya' give this record all the feels of the Mediterranean. Produced and co-written by A.M. SNiPER., the record is vibrant, sexy and embodies everything that you can come to expect of Eleni Foureira's music and demeanor". Culture Fix called Barcelona and Maria "immediate bops".
Tracklist
Videos
Performances
Lyric video
Charts
Release history
References
Eleni Foureira albums
2019 EPs
Panik Records albums
Song recordings produced by Claydee
Edvard Ingjald Moser (; born 27 April 1962) is a Norwegian professor of psychology and neuroscience at the Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience, at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim. In 2005, they and May-Britt Moser discovered grid cells in the brain's medial entorhinal cortex. Grid cells are specialized neurons that provide the brain with a coordinate system and a metric for space. In 2018, they discovered a neural network that expresses your sense of time in experiences and memories located in the brain's lateral entorhinal cortex.
They shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2014 with long-term collaborator and then-wife May-Britt Moser, and previous mentor John O'Keefe for their work identifying the brain's positioning system. The two main components of the brain's GPS are; grid cells and place cells, a specialized type of neuron that respond to specific locations in space. Together with May-Britt Moser they established the Moser research environment, which they lead.
Moser was born to German parents who had moved to Norway in the 1950s, and grew up in Ålesund. They received their education as a psychologist at the Department of Psychology, University of Oslo and obtained a PhD in neurophysiology at the Faculty of Medicine at the same university in 1995; in 1996 they were appointed as associate professor in biological psychology at the Department of Psychology at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU); they were promoted to professor of neuroscience in 1998. In 2002, their research group was given the status of a separate "centre of excellence". Edvard Moser has led a succession of research groups and centres, collectively known as the Moser research environment.  They are an external scientific member of the Max Planck Institute of Neurobiology, with which they have collaborated over several years.
Background and early life
Moser was born in Ålesund to German parents Eduard Paul Moser (1928–2013) and Ingeborg Annamarie Herholz (1931–). Their parents had grown up in Kronberg im Taunus, a suburb of Frankfurt, where Moser's grandfather Eduard Moser had been Lutheran parish priest. Moser's father trained as a pipe organ builder and emigrated to Norway together with their friend Jakob Pieroth in 1953 when they were offered employment at a pipe organ workshop at Haramsøy. They later established their own workshop and built many church pipe organs in Norway. The Moser family originally was from Nassau; Moser is a South German topographic name for someone who lived near a swamp or mire (South German Moos). Edvard Moser grew up at Hareid and in Ålesund. They were raised in a conservative Christian family.
Edvard Moser married May-Britt Moser in 1985 when they were both students. They announced that they are divorcing in 2016.
Career
Edvard Moser was awarded the cand.psychol. degree in psychology at the Department of Psychology at the University of Oslo in 1990. They were then employed as a research fellow at the Faculty of Medicine, where they obtained their dr.philos. doctoral research degree in the field of neurophysiology in 1995. They also have studied mathematics and statistics. Early in their career, they worked under the supervision of Per Andersen.
Moser went on to undertake postdoctoral training with Richard G. Morris at the Centre for Neuroscience, University of Edinburgh, from 1995 to 1997, and was a visiting postdoctoral fellow at the laboratory of John O'Keefe at the University College, London for two months.
Moser returned to Norway in 1996 to be appointed associate professor in biological psychology at the Department of Psychology at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim. They were promoted to full professor of neuroscience in 1998. Moser is also head of department of the NTNU Institute for Systems Neuroscience.
 They are a member of the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters, Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, the American Philosophical Society, and the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences.
 They are also an Honorary Professor at the Centre for Cognitive and Neural Systems at the University of Edinburgh Medical School.
Honours
1999: Prize for young scientists awarded by the Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
2005: 28th annual W. Alden Spencer Award (College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University)
2006: 14th Betty and David Koetser Award for Brain Research (University of Zürich)
2006: 10th Prix "Liliane Bettencourt pour les Sciences du Vivant" 2006 (Fondation Bettencourt, Paris)
2008: 30th Eric K. Fernström's Great Nordic Prize (Fernström Foundation, University of Lund)
2011: Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine
2011: Anders Jahre Award (with May-Britt Moser)
2012: Perl-UNC Neuroscience Prize (with May-Britt Moser)
2013: Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize (with May-Britt Moser and John O'Keefe)
2014: Karl Spencer Lashley Award (with May-Britt Moser)
2014: Foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences.
2014: Körber European Science Prize
2014: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine (with May-Britt Moser and John O'Keefe)
2018: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav (with May-Britt Moser)
Other
Edvard Moser has been a member of the board of reviewing editors in science since 2004 and they have been reviewing editor for Journal of Neuroscience since 2005. Edvard Moser chaired the programme committee of the European Neuroscience meeting (FENS Forum) in 2006.
Selected publications
Moser, E.I., Mathiesen, I. & Andersen, P. (1993). Association between brain temperature and dentate field potentials in exploring and swimming rats. Science, 259, 1324–1326.
Brun, V.H., Otnæss, M.K., Molden, S., Steffenach, H.-A., Witter, M.P., Moser, M.-B., Moser, E.I. (2002). Place cells and place representation maintained by direct entorhinal-hippocampal circuitry. Science, 296, 2089–2284.
Fyhn, M., Molden, S., Witter, M.P., Moser, E.I. and Moser, M.-B. (2004). Spatial representation in the entorhinal cortex. Science, 305, 1258–1264 .
Leutgeb, S., Leutgeb, J.K., Treves, A., Moser, M.-B. and Moser, E.I. (2004). Distinct ensemble codes in hippocampal areas CA3 and CA1. Science, 305, 1295–1298.
Leutgeb, S., Leutgeb, J.K., Barnes, C.A., Moser, E.I., McNaughton, B.L., and Moser, M.-B (2005). Independent codes for spatial and episodic memory in the hippocampus. Science, 309, 619–623 .
Hafting, T., Fyhn, M., Molden, S., Moser, M.-B., and Moser, E.I. (2005). Microstructure of a spatial map in the entorhinal cortex. Nature, 436, 801–806.
Colgin, L.L, and Moser, E.I. (2006). Rewinding the memory record. Nature, 440, 615–617.
Sargolini, F., Fyhn, M., Hafting, T., McNaughton, B.L., Witter, M.P., Moser, M.-B., and Moser, E.I. (2006). Conjunctive representation of position, direction and velocity in entorhinal cortex. Science, 312, 754–758.
Leutgeb, J.K., Leutgeb, S., Moser, M.-B., and Moser, E.I. (2007). Pattern separation in dentate gyrus and CA3 of the hippocampus. Science, 315, 961–966.
Fyhn, M., Hafting, T., Treves, A., Moser, M.-B. and Moser, E.I. (2007). Hippocampal remapping and grid realignment in entorhinal cortex. Nature, 446, 190–194.
Hafting, T., Fyhn, M., Bonnevie, T., Moser, M.-B. and Moser, E.I. (2008). Hippocampus-independent phase precession in entorhinal grid cells. Nature 453, 1248–1252.
Kjelstrup, K.B., Solstad, T., Brun, V.H., Hafting, T., Leutgeb, S., Witter, M.P., Moser, E.I. and Moser, M.-B. (2008). Finite scales of spatial representation in the hippocampus. Science 321, 140–143.
Solstad, T., Boccara, C.N., Kropff, E., Moser, M.-B. and Moser, E.I. (2008). Representation of geometric borders in the entorhinal cortex. Science, 322, 1865–1868.
Moser, E.I., Moser, M-B. (2011). Crystals of the brain. EMBO Mol. Med. 3, 1–4.
Moser, E.I., Moser, M-B. (2011). Seeing into the future. Nature, 469, 303–4
Jezek, K., Henriksen, EJ., Treves, A., Moser, E.I. and Moser, M-B. (2011). Theta-paced flickering between place-cell maps in the hippocampus. Nature, 478, 246–249.
Giocomo, LM., Moser, E.I., Moser, M-B. (2011) Grid cells use HCN1 channels for spatial scaling. Cell, 147, 1159–1170.
Igarashi, KM., Lu L., Colgin LL., Moser M-B., Moser EI. (2014) Coordination of entorhinal-hippocampal ensemble activity during associative learning. Nature 510, 143–7.
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
People from Hareid
People from Ålesund
Norwegian people of German descent
Norwegian neuroscientists
Norwegian University of Science and Technology faculty
Max Planck Society people
Norwegian Nobel laureates
Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine
University of Oslo faculty
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Technological Sciences
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Royal Norwegian Society of Sciences and Letters
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Brenan Park is a urban park situated in the western suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Primarily categorised as a sports field, the reserve contains an open grassland, bushland and recreational areas within the vicinity of native plants, such as eucalyptus trees. It is named after John Ryan Brenan, who founded the suburb of Smithfield in 1836.
Artificially terraced, Brenan Park was established in the early 1980s and it is one of the largest reserves in the City of Fairfield, and one of the largest non-golf course green spaces in the Western Sydney region.
History
The shape of Brenan Park appears on the first survey design, in 1838, of the market town sketched for John Ryan Brenan. Brenan Park was planned to be a housing subdivision and a market area in 1938, with its triangular shape fashioned to take advantage of the topography and views of the surrounding district. The housing subdivision was never constructed. The site was used as a sewage disposal depot and landfill until 1980, where it was proclaimed as unhealthy building land in 1981. Subsequently, it was re-landscaped and eventually developed into a reserve.
Geography
The reserve is located in the suburb of Smithfield, and is bordered by Cumberland Highway, Brenan and Bourke Streets, which all give good passive surveillance opportunities from close residences and contiguous roads. The park's surrounds are mainly single-story houses.
Brenan Park is in an elevated and weather-exposed location, with the highest areas being and those near the Cumberland Highway at . The elevated regions in the park are situated alongside Bourke Street, where they would provide a panoramic view of the greater western Sydney area and even the Sydney central business district.
Ecology
Indigenous trees and shrubs are abundant in the park, with dominant vegetation species being Melaleuca quinquenervia (near the tennis courts), Eucalyptus moluccana
(near the car park in Brenan Street), Casuarina glauca, Callistemon viminalis, Paperbark, Acacia, Lomandra and Eucalyptus bosistoana, most of which have large canopies that provide shade.
The boundary along the top part of Bourke Street and near Cumberland Highway is thickly planted with an avenue of trees and shrubs, which provide a sense of entry to the park. The park is predominantly made up of sod and it lies on residual soils that are deep. Its trees represent a link to the Cumberland Plain Woodland that covered most of Fairfield local government area before European settlement. There is a shrubby, dry sclerophyll bushland area to the south of the park, near Cumberland Highway.
The corner of Brenan Street and Cumberland Highway provides good viewing site for birdwatching as dozens of bird species flock to the area to feed. Pigeons, ravens, magpies, galahs and crested pigeons are common sightings in the park, and can be seen in flocks feeding off ground food, most especially pigeons and ravens. Bird feeding is not encouraged in the park.
Features
The park features six tennis courts, nine soccer fields (six which are full-sized), three cricket pitches, baseball and softball diamonds, three children's playgrounds, picnic areas (with barbeque), an outdoor gym and a walking track (shared with cycling) that circuits the park. The park has open space which can be used for kiting and other activities when they are not being used for sport.
The park is floodlit and can be used at nights. Amenity blocks include a community hall, toilet facilities, kiosks and change rooms. The sports fields and the community hall are hired to a number of community groups, schools and clubs. These facilities have been used for COVID-19 testing.
Clubs
The sports fields are hired by these sporting groups:
Smithfield RSL Cricket Club
Smithfield RSL Soccer Club
Fairfield Patrician Brothers Soccer Club
Smithfield RSL Baseball Club
Gallery
See also
Wetherill Park Nature Reserve
Fairfield Park Precinct
Western Sydney Parklands
Central Gardens Nature Reserve
Rosford Street Reserve
References
1981 establishments in Australia
Parks in Sydney
Nature reserves in New South Wales
Protected areas established in 1981
Sports venues in Sydney
Remnant urban bushland
Parks established in 1981
City of Fairfield
ARToolKit is an open-source computer tracking library for creation of strong augmented reality applications that overlay virtual imagery on the real world. Currently, it is maintained as an open-source project hosted on GitHub. ARToolKit is a very widely used AR tracking library with over 160,000 downloads on its last public release in 2004.
In order to create strong augmented reality, it uses video tracking capabilities that calculate the real camera position and orientation relative to square physical markers or natural feature markers in real time. Once the real camera position is known a virtual camera can be positioned at the same point and 3D computer graphics models drawn exactly overlaid on the real marker. So ARToolKit solves two of the key problems in Augmented Reality; viewpoint tracking and virtual object interaction.
ARToolKit was originally developed by Hirokazu Kato of Nara Institute of Science and Technology in 1999 and was released by the University of Washington HIT Lab. In 2001 ARToolWorks was incorporated, and v1.0 of the open-source version of ARToolKit was released through the HIT Lab. ARToolKit was one of the first AR SDKs for mobile, seen running first on Symbian in 2005, then iOS with the iPhone 3G in 2008, and finally Android as early as 2010 with a professional version by ARToolWorks later in 2011.
ARToolKit was acquired by DAQRI and re-released open-source starting at version 5.2 on May 13, 2015, including all of the features that were previously only available in the professional licensed version. Among these features are mobile support and natural feature tracking.
ARToolKitPlus (sometimes written "ARToolKit+") is intended to be a successor to the ARToolKit library that is optimized for mobile devices.
ARToolKit was written in C; ARToolKit+ was ported it to C++ to make it easier to maintain, and has a new class-based (C++) API that is intended to be easier-to-use.
Ben Vaughan and Phil Lamb, the former CEO and CTO of ARToolworks, created artoolkitX to ensure that the software is developed and maintained and the ARToolKit community continues to be supported. artoolkitX is supported by Realmax Inc, a Chinese AR company that develops AR hardware and software.
Features
Single-camera or stereo-camera (camera position/orientation tracking).
Tracking of simple black squares (any square marker patterns).
Tracking of planar images (natural feature markers).
Camera calibration, optical stereo calibration, square marker generation, and natural feature marker generation utilities.
Plugins for Unity and OpenSceneGraph.
Optical head-mounted display support.
Free and open source software.
Fast enough for real time AR applications.
Operating systems
The current version of ARToolKit supports Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, iOS, and Android platforms. Other versions of ARToolKit have also been ported to Symbian, and Windows Phone to support mobile AR applications.
ARToolKit is also available as a plugin for the Unity game engine for example to align a virtual camera within Unity with a real-world camera relative to a tracked marker target and taking care of communicating with the camera. The plugin supports Unity on OS X, Unity on Windows, Unity on Android, and Unity on iOS.
See also
ARTag
References
External links
ARToolKitX Homepage
ARToolKit Homepage(404 page not found)
ARToolKit Documentation
ARToolKit Forums
Project page at GitHub
HIT Lab ARToolkit
Interactive Media Design Lab.
Old project page at SourceForge.net
Project page at Launchpad
HIT Lab NZ Web forum
python binding of ARToolKit
NyARToolKit(ARToolKit Java Edition)
Augmented reality applications
Graphics libraries
Mixed reality
Alfredo Santoro (born 6 November 1906, date of death unknown) was an Argentine boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 they were eliminated in the second round of the welterweight class after losing their fight to Théodore Stauffer.
References
External links
profile
1906 births
Year of death missing
Welterweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Argentina
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Argentine male boxers
The crested bellbird (Oreoica gutturalis) is a medium-sized passerine bird in the family Oreoicidae. It is native to drier parts of Australia where its typical habitats are acacia scrublands, eucalypt woodlands, spinifex and saltbush plains, and dunes. The male is about long and has a grey head, a black crest and breast, and a grey or olive brown body. The female and juvenile are similar but the colours are more muted and the black breast is lacking. The distinctive call is a high pitched bell-like sound, audible at some distance. Sometimes a pair of birds duet.
The crested bellbird feeds on seeds and small invertebrates, foraging on the ground or in low bushes. The deep, cup-shaped nest is usually within a couple of metres of the ground, built in the fork of a branch or in a crevice in a stump. It is made from small twigs and bark and lined with finer material. Up to four eggs are laid and these are incubated by both parents. Overall this bird is quite common, but in some regions, such as Victoria, it is threatened by fragmentation of its habitat
Taxonomy and etymology
This bird has been placed in the Old World warbler family Sylviidae, at the time a "wastebasket taxon" used for birds of which the exact affinities are unknown, and, more recently, the whistler family Pachycephalidae, itself formerly a wastebasket taxon. It is now placed in the family Oreoicidae, along with two New Guinean species; the rufous-naped and piping bellbirds.
The Yuwaalaraay-Gamilaraay name banbandhuluwi; Wangaaybuwan name papampula; Pitjantjatjara name panpanpalala; Warlpiri name panpanpalala; and Nyungar names bokonbokon, barkabark, and dirldirl are reflective of its cowbell-like voice, as are the early European names dick-dick-the-devil and wack-to-the-rottle.
Description
Adults range in size from 19 cm to 23 cm in length. Adult males have grey heads with a raised black crest, a white forehead and throat, and a prominent black breast, while the rest of the body is grey or brown. Females and immature birds are less prominently coloured than the males, lacking the black breast and having a smaller, unraised black crest. Both males and females have orange-red eyes. Similar species include wedgebills and the Western whipbird, which female and juvenile bellbirds resemble.
Behaviour
Breeding
The crested bellbird forms pairs during breeding season and prepares deep cup-shaped nests made of fine sticks and twigs or bark, and lined with fine bark, fibres, or leaves. Nests are prepared in various places such as forks in dead trees, hollow stumps, etc., usually below two metres in height. The eggs are incubated by both sexes. The breeding season is variable but usually ranges from August till December with clutch sizes ranging from one to four eggs. The eggs are white or tinged with blue, and lightly blotched with dark brown and grey.
An interesting aspect of the nest-making process is that the bird places caterpillars of various species in and around its nest. It will nip the necks of the caterpillars to immobilise them, and it is theorised that the hairy caterpillars are either gathered as a cache of fresh food for parents and nestlings, or as a defensive barrier for their young.
Feeding
Crested bellbirds feed on invertebrates and seeds. They hop rapidly, foraging on the ground or flying low between low shrubs or into low branches of trees. They are usually solitary foragers but may feed in pairs during breeding season or in mixed feeding flocks with chestnut-rumped thornbills and red-capped robins.
Voice
The crested bellbird has a distinct call. It has a high pitched bell-like call, with two slow notes then three fast notes, sounding like 'did-did-did-dit.' Male birds sing from an exposed perch such as a dead branch or the top of a tree. Often duetting can be heard, where the male says 'tik-tik-tik' and the female responds with a bell like 'tonk-tonk.' Although the bird keeps a low profile, as many people have never seen it, the male call can unmistakably be heard from over half a kilometre away. Another aspect of the bellbird's call is its ventriloquial quality. This can make it very hard to identify the location of the calling bird as at first it can sound as if the call was coming from a few metres to the left, then to the right, and then from behind.
Distribution and habitat
The bird's habitat is usually found throughout the semi-arid coastlines and towards the drier interior areas of Australia, particularly in areas dominated by acacia scrublands, eucalypt woodlands, spinifex and chenopod (saltbush) plains or dunes. The species is sedentary or locally nomadic and is distributed throughout most of the continent including; towards the west of the Great Dividing Range, in the south of tropical northern Australia, and through South Australia to the west coast of Western Australia. The bellbird avoids the far north and the humid eastern and extreme south-western regions. The species is listed as threatened in Victoria, as it has disappeared from well over half of its historical range.
Status and conservation
The range of the crested bellbird has been contracted due to habitat destruction from land clearance, as this species is particularly susceptible to fragmentation.
Crested bellbirds are not listed as threatened on the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999. However, their conservation status varies from state to state within Australia. For example:
The crested bellbird is listed as threatened on the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act (1988). Under this Act, an Action Statement for the recovery and future management of this species has not yet been prepared.
On the 2007 advisory list of threatened vertebrate fauna in Victoria, the crested bellbird is listed as near threatened.
References
Notes
Sources
BirdLife International (2012). "Oreoica gutturalis". IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Version 2012.1. International Union for Conservation of Nature. Retrieved 16 July 2012.
Chapman, G. (n.d.). Crested Bellbird - Australian Birds - photographs by Graeme Chapman. Crested Bellbird - Australian Birds - photographs by Graeme Chapman. Retrieved October 23, 2013, from http://www.graemechapman.com.au/library/viewphotos.php?c=10
Christidis, L., & Boles, W. (2008).Systematics and taxonomy of Australian birds. Collingwood, Vic.: CSIRO Pub.
Crested Bellbird - Australian Museum. (n.d.). Crested Bellbird - Australian Museum. Retrieved October 23, 2013, from http://australianmuseum.net.au/Crested-Bellbird/
Crested Bellbird. (n.d.). Home | BirdLife. Retrieved October 23, 2013, from http://www.birdlife.org.au/bird-profile/crested-bellbird.
Crested Bellbird. (n.d.). Welcome to Birds in Backyards. Retrieved October 23, 2013, from http://www.birdsinbackyards.net/species/Oreoica-gutturalis .
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Department of Sustainability and Environment, Victoria
Encyclopedia of Australian Wildlife. (1997). Sydney: Reader's Digest.
Macdonald, J. (1978). Birds of Australia: a summary of information; illustrated by Peter Slater. (Rev. ed.). Sydney, NSW: Reed.
Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment (2007). Advisory List of Threatened Vertebrate Fauna in Victoria - 2007. East Melbourne, Victoria: Department of Sustainability and Environment. p. 15. .
crested bellbird
Endemic birds of Australia
crested bellbird
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Deportivo Iztacalco, nicknamed Los Valedores is a Mexican Football Club. They currently play in the Group V of the México Tercera División (Last or third Division). In the 2006-2007 season they inherited the spot from Club Santa Cruz, the latter the team with the least successful Tercera División record in the 2007 Liga de Ascenso Clausura tournament (zero points in 15 matches and a -40 difference in the number of goals scored and received).
History
Most of the players come from Club San Andres, team which won a spot to play in the Tercera División after winning an amateur championship supported by the Federacíón Méxicana de Futbol (Méxican Football Federation Association) and organized by Ángel Morales, owner of several Tercera División franchises.
The Deportivo Iztacalco acquired the nickname "Los Valedores" starting from Round 3 in the 2007 Apertura tournament, when TV Azteca dedicated a space for the first time in its evening program Los Protagonistas, presenting it as the worst professional football team in Federación Méxicano de Fútbol Asociación and whose direction was under TV Azteca's reporter Barak Fever.
Although their training camps are located in Iztacalco, Mexico City, Los Valedores de Iztacalco dispute their local matches at Estadio San Bernardino, known as "El Muro de los Sueños" ("The Wall of Dreams"), located in the town of San Bernardino, in the municipality of Texcoco, Mexico State.
Thanks to their constant appearances on TV Azteca, the team has generated a large national television following with the distinction of being the most known team from Tercera División.
First Season
For the Apertura 2007 and Clausura 2008 tournaments, the Mexican Football Federation placed Deportivo Iztacalco in Group VII of the Tercera División. Los Valedores lost their first seven games. On September 26, 2007 gained their first point in the Round 8 after 1-1 tie against Mineros del Real Hidalgo, despite having lost later in the penalty kicks.
October 12, 2007 is the date of what many consider their greatest achievement, their first victory. In the 12th week of the tournament, the referee gave them a default win when the opposing team failed to make an appearance on the pitch.
The Deportivo Iztacalco ended the 2007 Apertura tournament with 4 points, the result of "winning" their first competitive match, a draw and 12 losses. Los Valedores ended in the last position of Group VII and in the general position 202 among 204 clubs that make the Tercera División.
On December 11, 2007 Los Valedores had a match against a representative team from Los Protagonistas, which was the program on "TV Azteca" that broadcast the Valedores games on Television, this team was formed by former professional players like Luis Garcia, Jorge Campos, Francisco Gabriel de Anda, Roberto Medina and Careca. The match was held at the Deportivo Xochimilco Stadium with controversial refereeing from Gilberto Alcala. The match ended 1-0 in favour of the Los Protagonistas team.
2007 Tryouts
At the end of the 2007 Apertura season, the team conducted tryouts were more than 700 candidates attended. Only 5 were selected: Diego "El Gato" Reynoso (goalkeeper), Guillermo "RBD" Guzmán (defender), Carlos "Piwi" Godínez and Anibal "Robinho" Cruz (midfielder) and Giovanni "Guardadito" Pérez (striker).
2008-2009
During the 2008 League Season, Valedores conducted a second tryout where more than 3000 candidates attended. Nine players were selected (Check out 2008 League squad changes). The director of football operations changed more than half of the team roster based on the poor performance reflected in the past seasons. At the present time, Valedores have 36 points (25 more than Apertura 2007) and still have more than 10 remaining matches to play.
The Deportivo Iztacalco has a rival in Atlético Xochimilco, the latter a team that acquired some of the players that were laid off by "Valedores". In 2008, they had their first match, 2-1 in favour of "Valedores".
After another successful National Tour, TV Azteca decided to terminate the Valedores de Iztacalco project. This made a few of the "Valedores" players leave the team.
External links
Official Site
Football clubs in the State of Mexico
2008 establishments in Mexico
Karen Sillas is an American stage and film actor.
Early life
The daughter of a Greek father and a Swedish mother, Sillas was born in Brooklyn. They graduated from the Acting Conservatory of the State University of New York at Purchase.
Career
Sillas appeared in Hal Hartley's 1992 film Simple Men. In 1994, they starred in What Happened Was..., which won the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival and launched Sillas into primetime television. In CBS's critically acclaimed detective series Under Suspicion, Sillas portrayed Rose Phillips, the only female detective in an otherwise male-dominated squad room.
Sillas and Tom Noonan appeared in a virtual interview conducted by the film critic Sheila O'Malley, hosted by Film Forum, February 9, 2021, discussing the re-release of the digitized version of What Happened Was... on Film Forum's YouTube channel.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Karen Sillas Current Month TV Schedule
Living people
People from Brooklyn
State University of New York at Purchase alumni
Actresses from New York City
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Speech coaches
American people of Greek descent
American people of Swedish descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Don't You are the debut studio album by American band Wet. It was released on January 29, 2016 by Columbia Records.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an additional producer.
Charts
References
2016 debut albums
Wet (band) albums
Columbia Records albums
Albums produced by Patrick Wimberly
The Hay–Adams is an historic luxury hotel opened in 1928, located at 800 16th Street NW in Washington, D.C. It south-fronts on Lafayette Square across from the White House. It sits on the former site of the connected 19th-century mansions which were owned by influential friends John Hay and Henry Adams, giving the hotel its name.
Location
Lafayette Square and St. John's Episcopal Church, also known as the Church of the Presidents, are located across the street. The hotel is a contributing property to the Lafayette Square Historic District and Sixteenth Street Historic District and is also a member of the Historic Hotels of America.
History
The hotel occupies the site where the 1885 homes of John Hay and Henry Adams once stood, at 16th and H Streets NW. In 1927, Washington developer Harry Wardman bought the property, razed the homes, and built a 138-room residential hotel, designed by architect Mihran Mesrobian in the Italian Renaissance style. The hotel opened in 1928 as The Hay–Adams House. Wardman's fortunes declined with the Great Depression, and they were forced to relinquish most of their hotel and apartment building empire in August 1930, with the exception of The Hay–Adams House. Finally, in 1932, Wardman defaulted on the hotel's loans, and it was sold at public auction to the Washington Loan and Trust Company.
Hotel magnate Julius Manger purchased the property in 1932 and renamed it the Manger Hay–Adams Hotel. They converted it to a transient hotel, remodeling the guest rooms and adding central air-conditioning. Manger owned 18 hotels in New York City, the Hotel Plaza in Chicago, the Hotel Manger at North Station in Boston. During the depression they sought to increase their holdings in Washington, D.C., which they felt was a safe investment. They also purchased the Annapolis and Hamilton hotels in Washington. Manger resided at the Hay-Adams until their death in March 1937. At the time of their death, Manger was the largest independent hotel operator in the United States.
The Manger family sold the hotel to Washington developer Sheldon Magazine in 1973, and it was renamed The Hay–Adams. Magazine sold the hotel to business person Jeffrey I. Friedman and French hotelier Georges F. Mosse in 1979 for approximately $15 million. Friedman and Mosse sold the hotel to Los Angeles business person David H. Murdock in 1983 for $30 million. Murdock sold the hotel to the Iue Family, founders of Sanyo, in 1989 for $54 million. The Iue family sold the hotel to the B. F. Saul Company, a Washington real estate company, in 2006, for $100 million.
Notable guests
President Obama and their family stayed in the Hay–Adams for a period of two weeks prior to their inauguration because the Blair House was occupied.
Haunting
The Hay–Adams is said to be haunted by Henry Adams's beloved wife, "Clover" (Marian Hooper Adams), who committed suicide on this site in 1885, before the hotel was built. Them spirit is said to be walking the floors, trailed by the scent of almond. Potassium cyanide, the home darkroom chemical they ingested, smells like almonds.
Rating
The AAA gave the hotel four diamonds out of five in 1984. The hotel has maintained that rating every year, and received four diamonds again for 2016. Forbes Travel Guide (formerly known as Mobil Guide) awarded the hotel four out of five stars as well in 2016.
The Hay–Adams' slogan is "Where nothing is overlooked but the White House."
References
External links
The Hay-Adams Official Website
Hotel buildings completed in 1928
Renaissance Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Hotels in Washington, D.C.
Historic district contributing properties in Washington, D.C.
Hotels established in 1928
Reportedly haunted locations in Washington, D.C.
1928 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Manger hotels
John Rawdon Donovan (24 October 1902 – 12 February 1976) was an Australian politician. They were a Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1930 until 1932, representing the electorate of Murray.
Donovan was born at Deniliquin, and educated at Deniliquin Intermediate School and by night school. They joined the Postmaster General's Department in 1917 as a messenger boy and later, a telegraphist. They left the postal service in 1926, taking over the license of their family's hotel, the Edward River Hotel at Deniliquin, until their election to parliament. They were involved in local politics, serving as an alderman of the Deniliquin Council from 1920 until 1930. Donovan was also a prominent member of the local sporting community, and served as secretary of the Deniliquin Athletics Club and the Deniliquin Licensed Victuallers Race Club at the time of their election.
In 1930, Mat Davidson, the popular local Labor MLA, decided to contest the new seat of Cobar, and Donovan was selected by Labor to run for their old seat of Murray. They won a narrow victory amidst Labor's strong victory at the 1930 election, defeating Country Party candidate Joe Lawson. Their career was to be short-lived, however; Donovan lost their seat to Lawson in 1932, as Labor suffered a significant defeat across the state. They again contested Murray in 1935, but was soundly defeated by Lawson.
They subsequently worked in the New South Wales Department of Labour and Industry from 1933 until 1935, and was the private secretary to senior federal minister Eddie Ward from 1941 until 1947. They were the secretary of the Australian delegation to the International Labour Organization conference in Geneva in 1947. They were then appointed as a Commonwealth Conciliation Commissioner, serving until their retirement in 1956. They died in Sydney in 1976, and was buried in the Northern Suburbs Lawn Cemetery.
References
1902 births
1976 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
20th-century Australian politicians
Oberding (, ) is a municipality in the district of Erding in Upper Bavaria in Germany, and member of the same administrative community. Almost half of the area of Munich Airport, including both terminals, falls within the municipal bounds.
Geography
Oberding is located in the Munich area in the middle of Erdinger Moos between the rivers Sempt and village. The village is located about 6 km north-west of the county Erding, 17 km south of Freising and 36 km from the state capital Munich in the immediate vicinity of the Munich Airport.
Community structure
Districts
Notzing
Oberding
Other parts of municipalities
Aufkirchen
Niederding
Notzingermoos
Oberdingermoos
Schwaig
Schwaigermoos
For the construction of the Munich Airport landing paths of in 1992, the residents of Franz home were partially displaced by Schwaiger Moos. Much of the current airport site, including the terminals is located in the municipality. For the planned construction of the third take-off and landing strip another partial removal of moss Schwaiger is necessary.
Waters
The Middle-Isar-channel and the river village, both flow in roughly a north-south direction.
History
The region was part of the Electorate Bavaria, forming a closed Hofmark of cathedrals of Bishopric of Freising, with the Bishopric in 1803 deleted. In the course of administrative reform, the Bavaria was given the Community Edict of 1818 by the church.
Population Development
The region population in 1970 was 3,111, in 1987 3,229 and in 2000 4,692.
Policy
The Mayor of Oberding is Bernhard Mücke, in office since 2014 and re-elected in 2020.
The municipal tax revenue in 1999 amounted to the equivalent of €6166 € T, which amounted to the business tax receipts (net) 3458 T converted.
Coat of arms and flag
The coat of arms established on 25 May 1950 is "in blue at an angle on the left posed silver scythe." Besides the coat of arms, the town flag are the colors blue, white and blue.
Economy and Infrastructure
Economy, agriculture and forestry
The largest contribution to the municipality is the Munich Airport Franz Josef Strauss, which opened in 1992, it is the most important economic factor; also in the district is the power station Santa Maria on the Middle-Isar-channel.
The official 1998 statistics:
agriculture and forestry 22
manufacturing 441
trade and transport 436
supported by social insurance 467
Also, in 1999 there were 121 agricultural holdings with a utilized agricultural area of 3,619 ha, of which 3,033 ha is arable land.
Education
In 1999, there were the following facilities:
Kindergarten: few kindergartens with 177 children
Elementary Schools: 2 with 27 teachers and 451 students
Attractions
Catholic parish church of St. John the Baptist in Aufkirchen, 1725–30
Catholic parish church of St. Martin in Niederding, 1757–60
Catholic Church in St. Korbinian Schwaig, 1903–05
Catholic Church in St. Nikolaus in Notzing
Catholic Church of St. George branch in Upper thing, 1701/03, tower from the 14th century
Kath Daughter church of St. Nicholas in Notzing, 2nd half of the 15th century, saddleback tower of the 13th or 14th century
Castle Notzing, former water castle, 14th century
External links
www.oberding.de Official website of the municipality Oberding
www.notzing.de
St. John the Baptist in Santa Maria accessed on 23 November 2008
References
Erding (district)
Resplendent is an English language science fiction collection by British writer Stephen Baxter, published in 2006. It is the fourth and final book in the Destiny's Children series.
This book is a collection of short stories relating to the previous three books, comprising new works and previously published stories, including the novellas Reality Dust, Riding the Rock and Mayflower II, an 88-page novella taking place in the Xeelee Sequence that won the 2004 BSFA Award for the Best Short Fiction.
The short stories have been arranged into an overall narrative with brief single page interludes by the character Luru Parz, from the first story in the book. When read in series they form a history as seen by them up until the final story of the book.
Contents
“Cadre Siblings” (from Interzone 153, March 2000)
Reality Dust (2000)
“Silver Ghost” (Asimov's, September 2000)
“On the Orion Line” (Asimov's, October 2000)
“In the Un-Black” (from Redshift, 2001)
“The Ghost Pit” (Asimov's, July 2001)
“The Cold Sink” (Asimov's, August 2001)
“Breeding Ground” (Asimov's, February 2003)
“The Great Game” (Asimov's, March 2003)
“The Chop Line” (Asimov's, 2003)
“The Dreaming Mould”, Interzone 179, May 2002)
“Conurbation 2473” (from Live without a Net, August 2003)
“All in a Blaze” (from Stars: Stories Based on the Songs of Janis Ian, 2003)
Riding the Rock (November 2002)
“Lakes of Light” (from Constellations, 2005)
“Between Worlds” (from Between Worlds, September 2004)
Mayflower II (August 2004)
“Ghost Wars” (from Asimov's, January 2006)
Reality Dust
Reality Dust is the sixth work in the Xeelee Sequence. The plot begins not very long after the Third Expansion began (the First Expansion ended when humanity was conquered by the Squeem; the Second Expansion ended with the conquest of humanity by the Qax, and the Third Expansion, ~5400 CE, began after the events of Timelike Infinity, pursuant to Jim Bolder's destruction of the Qax home-system). The protagonist, one "Hama", an investigator for Earth's Truth Commission, is investigating the surviving Qax-collaborators (as the Qax restricted access to AS- anti-senescence technology – to collaborators, they are rather old, and are known as "Pharaohs"); they follow one renegade Pharaoh to Callisto.
Riding the Rock
Riding the Rock is the seventh work in the Xeelee Sequence. The plot is set in the Third Expansion era, in which humanity has thrown off the successive yokes of the Squeem and the Qax, and has been so successful that it is second only to the Xeelee among baryonic races. However, humanity's jealousy has driven it to futilely and brutally dedicate their culture (sending soldiers off as young as 13) to warring for over 18,000 years upon the Xeelee. The characters engage in quasi-trench warfare against the Xeelee in the galactic core.
Mayflower II
Mayflower II is the eighth work in the Xeelee Sequence. The plot centers on five generation ships leaving a doomed planet. As thousands of years pass, the humans forget that they are on a spaceship and begin running its mechanisms only through religious ritual. After 25,000 years, the humans on the ship have split in their evolution with half becoming short-lived childlike tribal people and half becoming cannibalistic animals. The ending speaks to the fact that although this situation seems gruesome and terrible that life and evolution find a way and that humans found a way to continue on living even if it meant giving up what is traditionally thought of as human.
The story begins on Pluto in the distant future. Its inhabitants, former collaborators of the Qax, humanity's erstwhile conquerors, are under attack from the new-formed Coalition, seeking revenge for humanity's enslavement. As such, the inhabitants send five generation ships out of the solar system in the hopes that they will be able to form colonies of their own that can survive the Coalition. Rusel, the protagonist, is admitted onto Mayflower II, one of the ships, at the last minute. Shortly after takeoff, it is revealed that the ship's intended destination is outside the galaxy, requiring a flight time of 50,000 subjective years, even with the effects of time dilation.
The ship's captain selects a few individuals to receive medical treatment granting them immortality, allowing them to guide the ship through its millennia-long voyage. Over time, however, these individuals die through malfunctions or boredom, leaving Rusel as the only immortal on board, but they become increasingly dependent on life-support and gradually merges with the ship.
Over time, the other inhabitants of the ship form several different societies, gradually becoming detached from their original humanity. Eventually, they form an almost unrecognisable tribal civilisation. Having forgotten that they are on a spaceship at all, they only maintain it through religious tradition.
After 25,000 years have passed, the Mayflower II is contacted by Pirius and Torec (protagonists of Exultant), former soldiers of the Coalition, which is revealed to have fallen. They offer to remove the inhabitants from the ship and care for them elsewhere. Rusel, now completely merged with the ship's systems, allows them to do so. Pirius and Torec then leave Rusel to continue into space without the burden of the crew, which they gladly accept.
The Siege of Earth
The Siege of Earth is the final story contained within the book, it details an encounter between a young person from Mars and the novel's overall narrator, Luru Parz. This final part of the book explains the origin of Old Earth which features in parts of Xeelee: Endurance.
References
2006 short story collections
Fiction set on Callisto (moon)
Fiction set on Pluto
Short story collections by Stephen Baxter
Xeelee Sequence
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Marie-Anne Barbel (26 August 1704 – 16 November 1793) was a French-Canadian Businesswomen who lived in New France.  They are notable for leading several successful business enterprises after the death of their husband, Louis Fornel.
Early life
Marie-Anne Barbel was born to Jacques Barbell and Marie-Anne Le Picard on August 26, 1704 at the French settlement of Quebec. Them father, Jacques, began as a garrison seargent and eventually was able to work their way into political office. By 1723, Jacques Barbel is the judge sénéchal of Lauson, a royal notary in Quebec, the judge bailiff of the Beaupre seigneurie, and greffier de l'Officialité Therefore, the Barbel family was well known amongst the political elite in New France.
Marriage
Marie-Anne Barbel married Jean-Louis Fornel, son of a wealthy merchant family, in December 1723. Both came from very important families in New France and this was reflected in the list of guests invited at the marriage. Guests such as the governor le marquis de Vaudreuil and intendant Michel Bégon attended the wedding.
They had 14 children, seven of whom survived beyond infancy. Ultimately, though, only five children, four girls and one boy, will reach the age of 18. Louis Fornel and their father were both designated bourgeoisie of Quebec. Marie's brother-in-law, Joachim Fornel, was a parish priest as well as Canon of the Quebec Cathedral Chapter (both prestigious positions). During the life of their husband, the care of their children would have likely consumed most of their time while Fornel was busy taking care of the different business ventures One of the principal businesses of the family is a retail store located in Place Royal in Quebec. In fact, most of Fornel's business ventures between 1723 and 1737 is centered around retail. However, beginning in 1737, Louis Fornel begins exploring the possibility of expanding into the fur industry with Louis Bazil and Francois Havy. In 1743, Fornel's involvement in the fur industry gives them less time to take care of their retail business in Quebec. Therefore, on May 14, 1743, Louis Fornel granted Barbel full power of attorney. This allowed Marie to manage the business affairs of Fornel while they were on business away at Labrador. This meant that Barbel had all the legal and financial rights that Fornel would have had to conduct business. At this point, Fornel focuses almost exclusively on exploring different posts in Labrador.
Death of husband
In May 1745, Louis Fornel fell ill. They died soon after on May 30, 1745.
Marie was granted control of roughly half of Louis' property as well as control of their business ventures. This division of property was dictated under the Custom of Paris which served as the legal framework for most of France's overseas colonies beginning in 1454. As the Custom dictated, Marie-Anne was entitled to one half of the couple's Communaute des biens (community of property), the rest going to child heirs.
Custom of Paris
Under the Custom of Paris, widow's have all the legal rights as the deceased husband. Therefore, there are no restrictions on them if they wish to pursue business ventures inherited from their husband. When couples get married under the custom of Paris, the husband normally had most of the managerial power. However, if the husband dies, the rights of the community belong to the widow and the children if they decide not to dissolve it. However, once they chose to dissolve the community, half goes to the widow and the other half goes to the children.
Most important for Barbel, though, is that once the husband dies, the widow receives authority of the community, la puissance paternelle, to manage all the belongings. The widow acquires "judicial authority, the right to make contracts and go to court". In effect, this means that widows have equal status as men and this allowed several women to pursue successful business careers.
Business ventures
After the death of their husband, Marie-Anne took their inheritance from their husband and was able to expand their interests. Initially, from 1745 to 1748, Barbel took care of the retail store in Place Royal. However, in 1749, Barbel gets the lease on a fur trade post in Tadoussac. This lease lasted from 1749 to 1755 and the cost was 7 000 livres per year. This post was an important centre for fur trade in Quebec. Although the exact amount of the trade at this post is not known, the value of the inventory went from 44 686 livres in 1750 to 71 069 livres in 1755. This suggests a significant increase in business during their tenure. By 1750, Barbel had over 40 men working for them They also expanded their posts to four other locations in this time, at Ile Jeremie, Riviere Moisie, Chicoutimi, and Malbaie.
Barbel also had significant real estate holdings. A lot of it was inherited from their husband when the latter died. In 1746, they purchased land in Charlesbourg and in 1747 they purchased land in the seigneurie of Neuville. Also, between 1747 and 1754, they purchase the buildings surrounding their shop in Place Royal.  They are even involved in a legal battle with the Jesuits between 1745 and 1756 concerning a land they inherited from their husband. This piece of land was located in seigneurie de Notre-Dame-des-Anges, and part of the land was eaten up the river Saint-Charles. Barbel requested that the Jesuits expand their land by nineteen arpents, the amount taken by the river, or that they pay their 6 000 livres in damages. Jesuits refused either option and went to court. The court case lasted several years.
Not all of Barbel's business ventures, however, were successful. An important business venture that did not succeed was their pottery business. They began this business in 1746. However, they would face considerable problems with workers and production was inconsistent. Therefore, in 1752, they abandoned this business.
British rule
At the end of the Seven Years' War, New France became a part of the British empire. This event, and the war preceding it, damaged Barbel's commercial career. First of all, a lot of their real estate in Quebec was damaged from the bombing, including their store in Place Royal. After years of stalling, in 1765, they decide to dissolve their community of property. This means that their children will finally receive their inheritance from the deceased father. When Louis Fornel initially died, Barbel decided not to dissolve the community of property because some of their children were still young.
Final years
After years of working, Barbel is effectively in retirement from 1777 to 1793. During this period, their son Jean-Louis died in 1784. Also, their daughter died in 1793. Finally, on the 16 of November 1793, Marie-Anne Barbel died at the age of 90.
Legacy
Barbel's life in business gives a close look at a woman functioning in the merchant class. An inventory of Marie-Anne's property in 1770 shows they lived a relatively bourgeois life and maintained several properties in settlement at Quebec. Despite serious losses during the Seven Years' War, they were able to divide a solid estate amongst the heirs on their retirement in 1777.
More importantly, Marie-Anne Barbel's life is an example of the diverse kinds of women that existed in New France. In the history of New France, much attention is given to women such as Marguerite Bourgeoys, Marie de l'Incarnation, and Jeanne Mance. These were all religious figures who influenced public life. However, there were numerous important women who took up important roles in the economic life of New France. Barbel was not an exception, and many women had prominent business roles. This is an area of research where a lot of work can still be done.
References
1704 births
1793 deaths
People of New France
Pre-Confederation Canadian businesspeople
Canadian women in business
18th-century Canadian businesspeople
18th-century business persons
A. J. Cooper is an American football coach and former tight end. They have been an assistant coach for various college football programs since 2006.
Playing career
Out of Sunnyslope High School where they played linebacker and tight end, Cooper went to Glendale Community College as a tight end. In 2004 they transferred to North Dakota State University, where they were selected First Team All-Great West Football Conference as a senior. In 2006, they signed as an undrafted free agent with the Green Bay Packers, however they did not make the roster.
Coaching career
North Dakota State
In 2006, Cooper started their coaching career at their alma mater working as a graduate assistant until 2008. In 2009 they were made the team's defensive ends coach. In 2013 they added the responsibility of being the Bisons' special teams coordinator.
Wyoming
In 2014, Cooper went with Craig Bohl to Wyoming where they served as the defensive ends coach and special teams coordinator until the end of the 2019 season. Additionally in 2019 they were the team's defensive run game coordinator.
Washington State
In 2020 Cooper joined Nick Rolovich's inaugural staff at Washington State as the defensive ends coach. Amidst the 2021 season, after the firing of multiple coaches who refused to get vaccinated for COVID-19, Cooper also took over responsibility for the entire defensive line adding defensive tackles to their plate. In 2022 they were retained as the team's edges coach and added the title of defensive run game coordinator.
References
Living people
American football tight ends
North Dakota State Bison football players
North Dakota State Bison football coaches
Washington State Cougars football coaches
Wyoming Cowboys football coaches
Coaches of American football from Arizona
Players of American football from Arizona
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1997 Copa Norte was the first edition of a football competition held in Brazil, featuring 10 clubs. Acre and Pará have two clubs; Amapá, Amazonas, Maranhão, Piauí, Rondônia and Roraima each have one.
In the finals, Rio Branco defeated Remo 2–1 on aggregate to win their first title and earn the right to play in the 1997 Copa CONMEBOL.
Qualified teams
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Finals
Rio Branco won 2–1 on aggregate.
References
Copa Norte
1997
1997 in Brazilian football
Anatomy of t.A.T.u. (; Anatomyia TATU, or А.Н.А.Т.О.М.И.Я.), is a documentary film directed by Vitaly Mansky, chronicling the lives of the group t.A.T.u. on their promotional tour in the USA, but most of all, revealing the girls' true lives, including their sexuality.
The movie's main selling point was the revelation that neither Julia Volkova nor Lena Katina were lesbians. They stated that it was all just a marketing strategy; a brainchild developed by their manager, Ivan Shapovalov. Volkova said that before t.A.T.u., they had never thought about girls in that way, but during t.A.T.u. they had fallen in love with another girl, although the physical aspect had not developed beyond kissing.
The film also showed that both girls are religious. Katina visits church and goes to confession regularly; they believe that their career forces them to do many sinful things. Volkova, on the other hand, is ready to do anything perceived as popular in the musical world. They aren't afraid of anything besides loneliness. Katina is shyer, and said that they wouldn't ever have sex with anyone on camera.
Another aspect of the documentary was drug use. Volkova admitted to having once taken heroin as part of a bet to prove that they had "no need for such things in [her] life." The film also included scenes of Ivan Shapovalov and Beata Ardeeva smoking marijuana. Also, it shows Volkova and Katina smoking regular cigarettes, which they do even though it may negatively affect their voices.
The film reveals that Volkova had problems with their voice for a long period, which nearly killed the group. Besides this, Volkova admitted that they also had an unwanted pregnancy, and they were forced to have an abortion. Volkova also admitted to having a boyfriend, a married man, Pavel 'Pasha' Sidorov.
This documentary stirred debate on topic of censorship on Russian television due to its slogan, Hui Voine!, the use of foul language, and depictions of drug use.
Home media
After the show premiered on television, a DVD was made available for a limited time in 2004. It used the original Russian audio track, but included English subtitles.
External links
T.A.T.u.
Documentary films about women in music
Russian documentary films
Abdul Maalik Wazir is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-41 (Tribal Area-VI) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 8,005 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Muhammad Saleh Shah.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-41 (Tribal Area-VI) as an independent candidate in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 7,957 votes and defeated Ghalib Khan. They were criticized for their poor performance during their tenure as Member of the National Assembly.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-41 (Tribal Area-VI) as a candidate of Jamiat Ulema-e Islam (F) (JUI-F) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 3,045 votes and lost the seat to Ghalib Khan.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from South Waziristan
Year of birth missing (living people)
The discography of Japanese Shibuya-kei group Pizzicato Five includes 13 studio albums, one live album, one soundtrack album, 16 compilation albums, nine remix albums, six video albums, 13 extended plays and 22 singles.
Albums
Studio albums
Live albums
Soundtrack albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Video albums
Extended plays
Singles
Matador Records releases
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Extended plays
Singles
Other appearances
Notes
References
External links
Pizzicato Five at Nippon Columbia
Pizzicato Five at Matador Records
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music group discographies
107 Avenue is a major arterial road in west-central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It serves Edmonton's west side industrial district, neighbourhoods of the former Town of Jasper Place (amalgamated with Edmonton in 1964), the multicultural area north of Downtown Edmonton, Commonwealth Stadium, and adjacent park & ride transit centre. The portion between 95 and 116 Streets has been dubbed "Avenue of Nations", as immigrants from around the world live in this area, including African Nations, Arabic Nations, Cambodia, China, First Nations, Italy, Japan, Latin American, Poland, Ukraine, and Vietnam. Also, Chinatown lies just south of Avenue of Nations. 107 Avenue changes names at 101 Street to 107A Avenue. 107A Avenue changes names at 92 Street to Stadium Road. Stadium Road changes names at 112 Avenue to 86 Street (Fort Road).
Neighbourhoods
List of neighbourhoods 107 Avenue runs through, in order from west to east.
Britannia Youngstown
Mayfield
High Park
Canora
Grovenor
McQueen
North Glenora
Glenora
Westmount
Queen Mary Park
Central McDougall
McCauley
Cromdale
Major intersections
This is a list of major intersections, starting at the west end of 107 Avenue.
See also
List of avenues in Edmonton
Transportation in Edmonton
References
Roads in Edmonton
Crushed stone or angular rock is a form of construction aggregate, typically produced by mining a suitable rock deposit and breaking the removed rock down to the desired size using crushers. It is distinct from naturally occurring gravel, which is produced by natural processes of weathering and erosion and typically has a more rounded shape.
Use
Angular crushed stone is the key material for macadam road construction, which depends on the interlocking of the individual stones' angular faces for its strength.
As riprap
As railroad track ballast
As filter stone.
As composite material (with a binder) in concrete, tarmac, and asphalt concrete.
In landscaping as a groundcover, walkway and driveway pavement, and infill for permeable pavers. As a mineral groundcover its benefits include erosion control, water conservation, weed suppression, and aesthetics. It is often seen used in rock gardens and cactus gardens.
Background
Crushed stone is a major basic raw material used by construction, agriculture, and other industries. Despite the low value of its basic products, the crushed stone industry is a major contributor to and an indicator of the economic well-being of a nation.
The demand for crushed stone is determined mostly by the level of construction activity, and, therefore, the demand for construction materials.
Stone resources of the world are very large. High-purity limestone and dolomite suitable for specialty uses are limited in many geographic areas. Crushed stone substitutes for roadbuilding include sand and gravel, and slag. Substitutes for crushed stone used as construction aggregates include sand and gravel, iron and steel slag, sintered or expanded clay or shale, and perlite or vermiculite.
Crushed stone is a high-volume, low-value commodity. The industry is highly competitive and is characterized by many operations serving local or regional markets. Production costs are determined mainly by the cost of labor, equipment, energy, and water, in addition to the costs of compliance with environmental and safety regulations. These costs vary depending on geographic location, the nature of the deposit, and the number and type of products produced. Crushed stone has one of the lowest average by weight values of all mineral commodities. The average unit price increased from US$1.58 per metric ton, f.o.b. plant, in 1970 to US$4.39 in 1990. However, the unit price in constant 1982 dollars fluctuated between US$3.48 and US$3.91 per metric ton for the same period. Increased productivity achieved through increased use of automation and more efficient equipment was mainly responsible for maintaining the prices at this level.
Transportation is a major factor in the delivered price of crushed stone. The cost of moving crushed stone from the plant to the market often equals or exceeds the sale price of the product at the plant. Because of the high cost of transportation and the large quantities of bulk material that have to be shipped, crushed stone is usually marketed locally. The high cost of transportation is responsible for the wide dispersion of quarries, usually located near highly populated areas. However, increasing land values combined with local environmental concerns are moving crushed stone quarries farther from the end-use locations, increasing the price of delivered material. Economies of scale, which might be realized if fewer, larger operations served larger marketing areas, would probably not offset the increased transportation costs.
United States statistical data
According to the United States Geological Survey, 1.72 billion tons of crushed stone worth $13.8 billion was sold or used in 2006, of which 1.44 billion tons was used as construction aggregate, 74.9 million tons used for cement manufacture, and 18.1 million tons used to make lime. Crushed marble sold or used totaled 11.8 million tons, the majority of which was ground very fine and used as calcium carbonate.
In 2006, 9.40 million tons of crushed stone (almost all limestone or dolomite was used for soil treatment, primarily to reduce soil acidity. Soils tend to become acidic from heavy use of nitrogen-containing fertilizers, unless a soil conditioner is used. Using aglime or agricultural lime, a finely-ground limestone or dolomite, to change the soil from acidic to nearly neutral particularly benefits crops by maximizing availability of plant nutrients, and also by reducing aluminum or manganese toxicity, promoting soil microbe activity, and improving the soil structure.
In 2006, 5.29 million tons of crushed stone (mostly limestone or dolomite) was used as a flux in blast furnaces and in certain steel furnaces to react with gangue minerals (i.e. silica and silicate impurities) to produce liquid slag that floats and can be poured off from the much denser molten metal (i.e., iron). The slag cools to become a stone-like material that is commonly crushed and recycled as construction aggregate.
In addition, 4.53 million tons of crushed stone was used for fillers and extenders (including asphalt fillers or extenders), 2.71 million tons for sulfur oxide removal-mine dusting-acid water treatment, and 1.45 million tons sold or used for poultry grit or mineral food.
Crushed stone is recycled primarily as construction aggregate or concrete.
See also
Aggregate (composite)
Dimension stone
References
External links
USGS 2006 Minerals Yearbook: Stone, Crushed
Crushed Stone Statistics and Information - United States Geological Survey minerals information for crushed stone
Building stone
Granularity of materials
Building materials
Natural materials
Pavements
Stone (material)
Earthworks (engineering)
CPLC Community Schools is an operator of two charter high schools in Tucson, Arizona and one charter high school in Phoenix, AZ. It has some 300 students and 17 faculty members. It is an affiliate of Chicanos Por La Causa. The current school superintendent of the district is Lori Mejia. As of 2007, CPLC Community Schools has approximately 317 students and approximately 17 faculty members. Hiaki High School were founded in association with the Pascua Yaqui Tribe.
Schools
Toltecalli High School (Arcadia)
Envision High School
Girls Leadership Academy of Arizona
No Longer Operated by CPLC Community Schools
Hiaki High School
Defunct
Calli Ollin High School (2010)
Itzcalli Academy (2005)
References
School districts in Pima County, Arizona
Education in Tucson, Arizona
1997 establishments in Arizona
School districts established in 1997
Scie may refer to:
La Scie, Newfoundland and Labrador, town in Canada
Scie (river), a river in northern France
Rivière à la Scie, a river in Quebec, Canada
See also
SCIE (disambiguation)
Nowbahar (, also Romanized as Nowbāhār and Nowbahār) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 59, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Joseph Michael Stampf (December 16, 1919 – April 20, 1985) was an American professional basketball player and college coach. They played for the Chicago American Gears in the National Basketball League during the 1944–45 season and averaged 3.0 points per game.
Stampf played college basketball at the University of Chicago, where in 1940–41 they led the Big Ten Conference in scoring despite their squad going winless. Years later, they became the program's head coach when they took over in 1957. In 18 seasons, Stampf compiled an overall record of 208–118, which through 2018–19 is the second-most wins in school history.
Head coaching record
References
1919 births
1985 deaths
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Illinois
Basketball players from Chicago
Centers (basketball)
Chicago American Gears players
Chicago Maroons men's basketball coaches
Chicago Maroons men's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Chicago
ConRuhr (Consortium of the Ruhr-Universities) was the German academic liaison office that was established in 2004 by the Ruhr-University Bochum, the Dortmund University of Technology and the University of Duisburg-Essen. The name has since been changed to UARuhr (University Alliance Ruhr). The three universities are located very close to each other in Germany's Ruhr area and characterized by a strong collaboration and joint initiatives.
With its seats in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, Moscow, Russia, São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro, Brasil, ConRuhr's primary purpose is to encourage educational internationalization by exchanging researchers, teaching staff and students between the three universities and institutions in Eastern Europe and South America, finding and linking contacts in the US, CIS, Brasil and Germany, as well as promoting the Ruhr area as a center of academic excellence.
ConRuhr was one of several German liaison offices established through an initiative by the German Academic Exchange Service (DAAD), which accepted combined applications from institutions of higher educations and now supports the selected offices with already established contacts and office space. The Moscow ConRuhr branch has its office in the German-Russian Institute of the Moscow State University of Railway Engineering (now known as the Russian University of Transport).
References
Technical University of Dortmund
Ruhr University Bochum
University of Duisburg-Essen
WinCDEmu is an open-source utility for mounting disk image files in Microsoft Windows. It installs a Windows device driver which allows a user to access an image of a CD or DVD as if it were a physical drive. WinCDEmu supports ISO, CUE/BIN, CCD/IMG, NRG, MDS/MDF and RAW formats.
Language support
WinCDEmu supports 38 languages:
Arabic, Bengali, Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese Simplified, Chinese Traditional, Danish, Dutch, English, Estonian, Persian, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Malaysian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese (Brazil), Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish, Serbian, Swedish, Taiwanese, Tamil, Turkish, Ukrainian, Uzbek
External links
References
2008 software
Disk image emulators
Free software
Papyrus 39 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by 𝔓39, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John, it contains only John 8:14-22. The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 3rd century. Written by professional scribe, in 25 lines per page, in large, beautiful letters. It has numbered pages.
Don Barker proposes a wider and earlier range of dates for Papyrus 39, along with Uncial 0232, Papyrus 88 and Uncial 0206; and states that all four could be dated as early as the late second century or as late as the end of the fourth century.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (proto-Alexandrian). Aland placed it in Category I. 𝔓39 shows agreement with Vaticanus and 𝔓75. There are no singular readings.
Guglielmo Cavallo published its facsimile in 1967.
The manuscript now resides in the Green Collection and is featured at the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C.
See also
Biblical manuscript
John 8
List of New Testament papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus
References
Further reading
External links
Robert B. Waltz. 'NT Manuscripts: Papyri, Papyri 𝔓39.'
Text of the 𝔓39 with reconstructed lacunae
Sotheby's
New Testament papyri
3rd-century biblical manuscripts
Early Greek manuscripts of the New Testament
Gospel of John papyri
Zaman-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Zamān-e Soflá; also known as Zamān) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 15 families. One of the members of the family is the infamous .
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Heart of a Siren (also titled Heart of a Temptress) is a 1925 silent romantic drama film directed by Phil Rosen and distributed by First National Pictures. Barbara La Marr starred in one of their last movies. It was based on the Broadway play Hail and Farewell.
Plot
As described in a film magazine review, Isabella is a European siren who plays with men for their amusement.  They are scorned by Gerald Rexford, an Englishman, and in revenge they bring them to their feet, but looses their heart to him. They live together until their mother persuades them that they are ruining Gerald's life. They make them believe that they have given themselves to a former admirer and they leaf them Gerald learns of their sacrifice and returns to her, arriving just after they have supposedly drunk poison. Them watchful attendant, however, had emptied the bottle of poison and replaced it with a harmless liquid. The film ends on the promise of Isabella to marry Gerald.
Cast
Preservation
Prints of The Heart of a Siren are held by the UCLA Film and Television Archive, George Eastman Museum Motion Picture Collection, and Pacific Film Archive.
References
External links
Stills at silenthollywood.com
Still at silentfilmstillarchive.com
1925 films
1925 romantic drama films
American black-and-white films
American romantic drama films
American silent feature films
American films based on plays
Films directed by Phil Rosen
First National Pictures films
1920s American films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Barnes's astrapia, also known as Barnes's long-tailed bird-of-paradise or Barnes's long-tail, is a bird in the family Paradisaeidae and the genus Astrapia that is a likely hybrid between Stephanie's astrapia (A. stephaniae) and the ribbon-tailed astrapia (A. mayeri).
Description
Barnes's astrapia is similar in appearance to both parent species, though closer to a ribbon-tailed astrapia. Males have two very long white and black tail feathers, glossy blue head and neck, small beak and a black body. Females have fewer blue feathers on their head as well as shorter tails.
Taxonomy
Until 1930, Barnes's astrapia (and all the other hybrid birds-of-paradise) were thought to be species and were named as such. Barnes's astrapia was named Astrarchia barnesi by Iredale in 1948, under the presumption that it is a species.
Distribution
Barnes's astrapia lives in the montane forest of Papua New Guinea, where the ranges of the parent species overlap on a small part of the Hagen Range and Mount Giluwe, usually at 2,300–2,600 m asl.
Notes
References
Peckover, William S. (1990). Papua New Guinea, Birds of Paradise. Brown: Carina.
International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List of Threatened Species.
External links
Wildiaries – three photographs of a perched male
Astrapia
Hybrid birds of paradise
This page is an overview of Uzbekistan at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships.
2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships
Uzbekistan competed at the 2015 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines at the Vélodrome de Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines from 18–22 February 2015. A team of 1 cyclists (0 women, 1 men) represented the country in the event.
Results
Men
Sources
References
Uzbekistan at cycling events
Nations at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships
Douglas McNaught (born 6 July 1967) is a Jamaican-born Canadian former professional soccer player who played as a midfielder.
Club career
McNaught played in the National Soccer League in 1986 with Toronto First Portuguese. The remainder of the season they played abroad in the Portuguese Second Division with F.C. Felgueiras. In 1988, they played with F.C. Vizela, and later with G.D. Joane They also had stints with A.D. Esposende and with Desportivo de Arco de Baúlhe.
International career
McNaught made their international debut on 20 August 1984 against Guatemala for the Canada U-20 team. During the 1984 CONCACAF U-20 Tournament, where they won the silver medal for Canada in the tournament. They represented Canada in the 1985 FIFA World Youth Championship, and featured in total of 10 matches for the Canada U-20 team. On 10 March 1985, they made their debut for senior national team against Trinidad and Tobago. In total they appeared in two matches for the senior team.
Managerial career
In 2011, McNaught became involved with SC Toronto as a member of the technical team.
References
External links
Player profile at CanadaSoccer.com
1967 births
Living people
Jamaican emigrants to Canada
Black Canadian soccer players
Canadian soccer players
Association football midfielders
Canada men's international soccer players
Canada men's youth international soccer players
Canadian soccer coaches
Toronto First Portuguese players
SC Toronto coaches
Soccer people from Ontario
F.C. Felgueiras players
F.C. Vizela players
G.D. Joane players
A.D. Esposende players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Segunda Divisão players
Canadian expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Canadian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
2980 Cameron, provisionally designated , is a main-belt asteroid discovered by prolific American astronomer Schelte Bus at Siding Spring Observatory, Australia, on March 2, 1981. It orbits the Sun every 4.11 years at a distance of 2.1–3.0 AU.
The asteroid was named after astrophysicist and cosmogonist Alastair G. W. Cameron (1925–2005), who was associate director for theoretical astrophysics at the Center for Astrophysics Harvard & Smithsonian. They were an early advocate of the concepts of a turbulent accretion disk solar nebula, and of the origin of the Moon by a giant impact on the proto-Earth. They also studied the nucleosynthesis in stars and supernovae, and the cosmic abundances of nuclides.
References
External links
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
002980
Discoveries by Schelte J. Bus
Minor planets named for people
Named minor planets
19810302
Fletorja Zyrtare is the official government journal of the Republic of Albania. Published in a bulletin format, the journal is under the editorial oversight of the Official Publishing Center () which is the only institution in the country authorized for its publication. It contains all administrative and legal acts of the state pursuant to articles 78 and 83 of the constitution.
History
On March 29, 1922, Teki Selenica, a high-level government official who later drafted and organized the first legally sanctioned population census in Albania, published the first issue of their biweekly newspaper "Dit 'e re". On July 30 of that year, the 24th issue of the paper transformed into an official journal titled "Fletorja Zyrtare", which began to publish important administrative and legal acts of the state. The journal was published in collaboration with Mihal Sherko, who later founded the Albanian Telegraphic Agency and their close associate Halil Maçi, former first secretary of the Press Office at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Kotta II Government. It was printed by "Shtypshkronja Nikaj", based in Shkodër, the same publishing company responsible for the printing of the book of Qarkore. On December 21, 1944, the journal changed its name to Gazeta Zyrtare (Official Gazette) and was under the control of the Ministry of Press, Propaganda and Popular Culture.
Fletorja Zyrtare reverted to its original name in February 1992, at the proposal of journalist and literary editor Pandeli Koçi.
References
Albania
Wang is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
Archaeology
Wang is home to a large Neolithic archaeological site with up to six phases of occupation. It was first excavated by Jens Lüning (de) in the 1980s where several intercutting periods came to pass. It is also one of the most southerly eras of the first Linear Pottery culture (LBK) horizon period when sedimentary ideas, although not necessarily new people, came to central Europe. Most famous for the longhouse, this area uncovered several belonging to the LBK.
The site was recently reopened by A.W.R Whittle and D. Hoffman in 2008, 50 meters south of the original excavation where another three longhouses were fully excavated and 3 more uncovered.
References
Freising (district)
IFPI Danmark is the Danish branch of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) and is the official charts provider and recording sales certification body for Denmark.
Certification
Gold and platinum awards were first awarded in Denmark in the early 1990s. The sales requirements are the same for domestic and international repertoire. Note that Danish certification system for music products are awarded based on shipments.
Albums
Sales can include digital downloads and also streams at a ratio of 1:1000
Singles
Sales can include digital downloads and also streams at a ratio of 1:100
Streaming only
DVDs
Video-single DVDs
Full-length DVDs
Singles chart
See: Hitlisten
References
External links
Official website
Music organizations based in Denmark
Trivalea-Moșteni is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Brătășani, Deparați (Schela until 2001) and Trivalea-Moșteni.
Natives
Ion Pistol
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
The Health Information and Quality Authority (HIQA, ; Irish: An t-Údarás um Fhaisnéis agus Cáilíocht Sláinte ) is a statutory, government-funded agency in Ireland which monitors the safety and quality of the healthcare and social care systems. Mooted as early as 2001, HIQA received its powers and mandate in May 2007 under the Health Act 2007. The Authority also exercises functions under the Child Care Act 1991 and the Children Act 2001.
Hospitals
The Authority has produced a number of reports and recommendations on the safety of care in both public and private hospitals. HIQA is also tasked with inspecting hygiene standards in public hospitals.
As well as performing hospital evaluations, HIQA is charged with implementing electronic health records and information governance, investigating waiting times, and protecting whistleblowers.
Nursing homes
After the Leas Cross scandal, there was increased demand for inspection of both private and public nursing homes. As a result, HIQA was given powers to register, inspect and, via application to court, close nursing homes and similar residential services delivering sub-standard care.
Social care
HIQA has issued reports on foster care services, describing a lack of assessment of carers and criticising the "significant failure" by the Health Service Executive to monitor children in care. In particular, HIQA raised concerns over the Dublin and North East areas.
See also
Department of Health (Ireland)
Evidence-based medicine
Health Service Executive
Hospital accreditation
Joint Commission
List of international healthcare accreditation organizations
Medical ethics
Patient safety
Patient safety organization
URAC
References
Quality assurance
Health cares quality
The Pakistan men's national volleyball team represents Pakistan in international volleyball competitions.
Pakistan Volleyball Federation was founded on 31 January 1955. Thereafter, volleyball was taken up at the national level. The Federation received recognition and was affiliated to the Pakistan Olympic Association and the International Volleyball Federation the same year.
In Pakistan, during the fifties and sixties, the standard of volleyball was quite high and comparable to the best Asian countries. Pakistan had the honour of winning a bronze medal during the 1962 Asian Games at Jakarta where the matches were played outdoor. Ch Ghulam Hussain was the coach of National Team at that time.
Results
Asian Volleyball Confederation - Central Asian Zonal Volleyball Association
Asian Championship
1975 – Did not participate
1979 – Did not participate
1983 – Did not participate
1987 – 7th place
1989 – 4th place
1991 – 8th place
1993 – 8th place
1995 – 8th place
1997 – 7th place
1999 – 8th place
2001 – Did not participate
2003 – 7th place
2005 – 9th place
2007 – 13th place
2009 – Did not participate
2011 – 7th place
2013 – Did not participate
2015 – 10th place
2017 – 12th place
2019 – 7th place
2021 – 7th place
Asian Games
1962: Bronze
1966
1970
Asian Cup
2008 to 2018 – Did not enter or qualify
2022 – 6th place
South Asian Games
Volleyball at the 2019 South Asian Games: Silver
Players
Aimal Khan(Captain),
Mubashir Raza,
Murad Jehan Bannuzai,
Murad Khan,
Bilal Khan,
Usman,
External links
References
Volleyball
National men's volleyball teams
Volleyball in Pakistan
Men's sport in Pakistan
Yermakovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2002.
Geography
Yermakovskaya is located 39 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Stepushino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Cosse or Cossé may refer to:
Cossé-d'Anjou, France
Cossé-le-Vivien, France
Bates Cosse, Nigerian marketing communications company
People named Cosse or Cossé include:
Airbertach mac Cosse, Irish poet
Carolina Cosse, Uruguayan engineer
Emmanuelle Cosse, French politician
Laurence Cossé, French writer
Villanueva Cosse (born 1933), Uruguayan actor, theater director, and writer
Duke of Brissac
Cosse may also refer to:
Kosse (Königsberg), Prussia
The 28th New Brunswick general election may refer to
the 1892 New Brunswick general election, the 28th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 28th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 8th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick, or
the 1974 New Brunswick general election, the 48th overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 48th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 28th general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Dextromethorphan/quinidine, sold under the brand name Nuedexta, is a fixed-dose combination medication for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect (PBA). It contains dextromethorphan (DXM) and the class I antiarrhythmic agent quinidine.
Dextromethorphan/quinidine was approved for medical use in the United States in October 2010, and is marketed by Avanir Pharmaceuticals.
Medical uses
DXM/quinidine is used in the treatment of PBA. In a 12-week randomized, double-blind trial, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and multiple sclerosis patients with significant PBA were given either Nuedexta 20/10 mg or placebo. In 326 randomized patients, the PBA-episode daily rate was 46.9% (p < 0.0001) lower for Nuedexta than for placebo. The three deaths in each of the two drug treatment arms and the single death in the placebo arm of the study were believed to be due to the natural course of the disease.
Contraindications
Atrioventricular (AV) block, complete, without implanted pacemaker or at high risk of complete AV block
Concomitant use with drugs containing quinidine, quinine, or mefloquine
Concomitant use with drugs that both prolong the QT interval and are metabolized by CYP2D6 (e.g., thioridazine, pimozide); effects on QT interval may be increased
Concomitant use with MAOIs or use of MAOIs within 14 days; risk of serious, potentially fatal, drug interactions including serotonin syndrome
Heart failure
Hypersensitivity to dextromethorphan
Hypersensitivity to quinine, mefloquine, quinidine, or dextromethorphan/quinidine with a history of thrombocytopenia, hepatitis, bone marrow depression or lupus-like syndrome induced by these drugs
QT interval, prolonged or congenital long QT syndrome or a history suggesting torsades de pointes
Adverse effects
Common risks and side effects include:
Abdominal pain
Asthenia
Cough
Diarrhea (reported in 13% of patients)
Dizziness
Elevated gamma glutamyltransferase
Flu-like symptoms
Flatulence
Prolonged QT interval
Muscle spasm
Peripheral edema
Urinary tract infection
Vomiting
Interactions
Desipramine (CYP2D6 substrate) levels increase 8-fold with co-administration
Paroxetine (CYP2D6 inhibitor and substrate)
Memantine
Pharmacology
Pharmacodynamics
Dextromethorphan acts as a σ1 receptor agonist, serotonin–norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, and NMDA receptor antagonist, while quinidine is an antiarrhythmic agent acting as a CYP2D6 inhibitor. Quinidine prevents the metabolism of dextromethorphan into its active metabolite dextrorphan, which is a much more potent NMDA receptor antagonist but much less potent serotonin reuptake inhibitor than dextromethorphan. The mechanism of action of dextromethorphan/quinidine in the treatment of PBA is unknown.
Research
Dextromethorphan/quinidine was investigated for the treatment of agitation associated with dementia, diabetic neuropathy, drug-induced dyskinesia, migraine, and neuropathic pain, but development for these indications was discontinued. Another formulation, deudextromethorphan/quinidine, is still under investigation for various indications. These include agitation, schizophrenia, and major depressive disorder, among others.
See also
Bupropion/dextromethorphan
Deudextromethorphan/quinidine
References
External links
Combination drugs
Otsuka Pharmaceutical
Ganja Queen is an Australian documentary film about the arrest, trial, and imprisonment of Schapelle Corby released in 2007. An expanded version titled Schapelle Corby: The Hidden Truth, was aired by the Nine Network in Australia in June 2008. Ganja Queen was later aired on HBO in North and South America, before being released on DVD.
The film was produced by Janine Hosking and Steve Hosking. Schapelle Corby: The Hidden Truth was later nominated for Most Outstanding Documentary or Documentary Series at the Logie Awards of 2009.
References
External links
Australian documentary films
2007 films
Documentary films about the illegal drug trade
Works about cannabis trafficking
Cannabis in Indonesia
Documentary films about cannabis
Australian films about cannabis
The 23rd Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on Friday, May 26, 1950, sponsored by the E.W. Scripps Company, at the National Press Club auditorium.
The co-winners were 12-year-old Diana Reynard of East Cleveland, Ohio and 14-year-old Colquitt Dean of College Park, Georgia. This was the first time in National Spelling Bee history that the word list was exhausted and co-champions had to be declared. The final word was meticulosity. Each received the first place prize of $500 and a trip to New York. Third place went to Jim Bernhard of Houston, Texas, who missed "haruspex", and received $300.
The field of spellers was reduced to Reynard and Dean after 29 rounds, and they both correctly spelled a number of following words. Dean was almost excluded on "ferule" until the judges determined it was a proper spelling. The two continued until the Bee's third and final supplementary word list had been used up. Dean politely refused requests to embrace Reynard for photographers, fearing the reaction it might cause back home to be seen hugging a girl.
There were 50 spellers that year – 31 girls and 19 boys. Audrey Mathews was the first one eliminated for the spelling "", but was reinstated after the judges found that it was listed in Webster's dictionary as a variant spelling for the normal "supersede".
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1950 awards
1950 in education
Scripps
May 1950 events in the United States
Andromeda Klein is Frank Portman's second young adult novel published in 2009.
The story focuses on high school occultist, Andromeda, who simultaneously tries to save their beloved local library from modernization and solve the various mysteries surrounding: their missing much-older boyfriend; the strange signs seemingly being sent to them from their recently deceased best friend Daisy; and their ever more prophetic tarot readings.
Plot summary
Andromeda Klein is a teenage girl with many problems.  They are unattractive, hard of hearing, their best friend and former magical partner Daisy recently died of cancer, "St. Steve" their boyfriend has gone missing, their mother is completely overbearing and their father is a paranoid conspiracist. They make sense of the world through their complete immersion in the world of cerenonial magic and tarot, even taking on a job at their local library, which conveniently houses an impressive collection of esoteric books on just such subjects. When a list comes in, threatening to wipe the entire collection, Andromeda immediately enlists the help of all those they can find, and begins their battle with the "Friends of the Library".
Meanwhile, Andromeda begins to receive myriad messages from Daisy, beyond the grave and plies Daisy's younger brother with naked girl magazines (or "bagel worm agonies" as they mishear thanks to their partial deafness) in exchange for the remaining scraps of their dead best friend's belongings. They then uses these as part of their witchcraft in an attempt to figure out just what Daisy is trying to tell them
Rosalie van Genuchten, and the rest of Andromeda's "afternoon tea" (alcohol and drugs) party friends, sick of their pining for St. Steve, attempt to set them up with various potential suitors who Andromeda dismisses on sight. However, in this process, they pick up Byron, a short guy with unfortunate facial hair who nevertheless becomes a kind of apprentice to Andromeda's occultism, and confidant as new, exciting, but generally confusing text messages suddenly start coming in from St. Steve.
The story gathers pace as Andromeda's tarot readings become increasingly literal and prophetic, sparking interest from fellow students, eager to know their futures, and more pressingly, who their boyfriends are cheating on them with. Andromeda's dreams start to feature a powerful new figure, called "The King of Sacramento", they begin to hear a voice in their head (that calls itself Huggy) and in a crescendo of increasingly elaborate and freaky spells, the mysteries of St. Steve, their tarot readings, and Daisy all become clear.
Songs
Portman recorded two songs "Andromeda Klein" and "Bethlehem" to promote the book which were later released as a digital download and 7 inches single through Jealous Butcher Records.
Controversy
Portman has reported that a planned promotional visit to a school in a Portland, Oregon area was cancelled due to "parental worries about the occult elements" in Andromeda Klein. Portman has since performed at an event related to Banned Books Week at the San Francisco Public Library.
References
2009 American novels
Books by Frank Portman
Paranormal novels
American young adult novels
Novels set in the San Francisco Bay Area
Tarot in fiction
Witchcraft in written fiction
Disability in fiction
Shah Jewna, also known as Pir Shah Jewna Al-Naqvi Al-Bukhari was a 16th century great saint. Jewna was a Sayyid from the Naqvi denomination. They were born in Kannauj in 895 A.H. (1493 A.D.). Their father Syed Sadarudin Shah Kabir Naqvi Al Bukhari was direct descendant of Jalaluddin Surkh-Posh Bukhari, also the chief advisor of King Sikandar Lodi.
Shah Jewna's forefather Makhdoom Syed Jalaluddin Surkh Bukhari's father Abu Moweed married the daughter of Wali Turan Mehmood Bin Bafra Saljoqi. After him, Makhdoom Syed Jalaluddin Surkh Bukhari was also married to the princess of Bukhara who gave birth to two sons named Syed Ali and Syed Jaffar.
After the death of Makhdoom Jahanian Jahangast the ancestors of Shah Jewana's Sadats moved to Kannauj (India) to preach Islam. Shah Jewna's colonized towns in Kannauj :-Siray- e-Miraan, Bibiyaan Jalalpur, Makhdoom Pur, Laal Pur (associated with the name of Saint Jalaluddin Surkh-Posh Bukhari or Laal Bukhari).
Jewna migrated from Kannauj to Shah Jeewna (a town named after him), which was deserted until they settled there. Makhdoom Jahaniya Mosque is still present in Kannauj. Pir Shah Jewna died in the year 971 A.H. (1569 A.D.) during the reign of the Mughal Emperor Jalal-ud-din Akbar. At that time, Fareed-ud-din Bukhari was in power in Punjab and Syed Abdul Wahab Bukhari in Delhi. It is said that all these great saints were the close relatives of Shah Jewna, so they along with Emperor Akbar might have attended the funerals of Pir Shah Jewna and also used to pay visit to this great saint. Jewna's descendants are still present in various places of India and Pakistan.
References
1493 births
1569 deaths
People from Kannauj
Indian Sufi saints
People from Bukhara
16th-century Indian Muslims
People from Jhang District
The first elections to the newly created Leeds City Council were held on 10 May 1973, with the entirety of the 96 seat council – three seats for each of the 32 wards – up for vote. The Local Government Act 1972 stipulated that the elected members were to shadow and eventually take over from the predecessor corporation on 1 April 1974. The order in which the councillors were elected dictated their term serving, with third-place candidates serving two years and up for re-election in 1975, second-placed three years expiring in 1976 and 1st-placed five years until 1978.
As well as replacing the County Borough of Leeds, the new council included:
Municipal Borough of Morley
Municipal Borough of Pudsey
Aireborough Urban District
Horsforth Urban District
Otley Urban District
Garforth Urban District
Rothwell Urban District
Tadcaster Rural District (part)
Wetherby Rural District
Wharfedale Rural District
The election resulted in no overall control.
Election result
This result has the following consequences for the total number of seats on the council after the elections:
Ward results
By-elections between 1973 and 1975
References
1973 English local elections
1973
1970s in Leeds
The Circle Opens is a quartet of novels written by Tamora Pierce and set in a pseudo-medieval/renaissance era. It mainly revolves around four teenage mages, each specializing in a different kind of magic, as they find that they are forced to deal with mages whose powers are similarly unusual to their own. The series consists of the books Magic Steps (2000), Street Magic (2001), Cold Fire (2002), and Shatterglass (2003). The Circle Opens Quartet is the sequel quartet to The Circle Of Magic Quartet, and is followed by "Battle Magic" and The Will of the Empress.
Plot and characters
The students are now 14 years old and fully qualified mages. Briar, Tris and Daja have gone travelling with their teachers, and Sandry has moved in with their great uncle, Duke Vedris, in the Duke's Citadel. They believe they're still too young to teach but the decision is not up to them. Each of the four finds someone, or some ones, with magic, and according to the rules they must become the teacher until a more suitable one can be found. Each of the four also encounters a series of crimes they feel obligated to stop, and they must balance their teaching responsibilities with aiding the law.
Magic Steps
In Emelan, Sandry finds a rare dance mage who is unwilling to accept their power due to their family heritage and must convince them to train their magic, at the same time helping them great-uncle to solve the puzzling mystery of a series of clan murders.
Sandrilene fa Toren, – also known as Sandry. A teenager of royal descent with thread magic and the power to weave magic itself.
Dedicate Lark – Lark, who has thread magic, is Sandry's teacher at Winding Circle. They also help the other students, but they prefer to teach Sandry.
Pasco Acalon – A young boy who possesses dancing magic; Sandry's student.
Street Magic
In Chammur, Briar finds a street girl with stone magic. But in a land of gangs, no mage is safe. Evvy is tracked down by a dangerous gang called the Vipers, who are dominated by a takameri, Lady Zenadia, and Briar must balance their new respectable life with their old street life while stopping the gangs and Lady Zenadia.
Briar Moss – Formerly a street rat by the name of Roach. Their power is with plants.
Dedicate Rosethorn – Rosethorn is Briar's teacher at Winding Circle, with power over plants as well.
Evumeimei Dingzai – also known as Evvy, another former street rat with stone magic; Briar's student. Evvy's story is told in Melting Stones released in October 2008.
Cold Fire
In Namorn, Daja finds twin mages, each specialising in a different housework power. Daja does not have to teach them their powers, just how to sit straight long enough to concentrate on meditation. But when you put a hyperactive girl and a shy one together, nothing works. On top of all this, Daja must stop an insane arsonist from wiping out the city, whom they discover they have helped to do so.
Daja Kisubo – also known as Daj', A former sea trader whose ambient magic is with smithing. Can also control fire and heat.
Dedicate Frostpine – A fiery blacksmith mage who teaches Daja.
Niamara and Jorality Bacanor – also known as Nia and Jory. Twins in the freezing north, Namorn, who are ambient mages. Nia has woodworking magic, while Jory has magic with cooking.
Shatterglass
In Tharios, Tris meets a glass mage with a dangerous power: lightning. A twenty-year-old man just as stubborn as Tris, Kethlun won't accept Tris or any of their teachings. But when Kethlun's closest friends and a whole occupation is suddenly attacked, Keth and Tris must work together in a land where no tracking is possible due to religious beliefs.
Trisana Chandler – also known as Tris. A teenager from a merchant family who has powerful control over the weather.
Niklaren Goldeye – Also known as Niko. A powerful seer mage, they are Tris's teacher.
Kethlun Warder – also known as Keth. A young man with ambient glass and lightning powers; Tris's student.
Glaki – Tris's student with academic magic.
Little Bear – A dog belonging to the four students.  They are rescued by the children after Sandry finds them being beaten by some boys in an alley at the market in Summersea, and the four rush in to their rescue as part of the events in Sandry's Book. They and Tris form Glaki's foster-family after Glaki's mother and aunt are murdered.
Publication and reception
The Circle Opens books began being published the year after the Circle of Magic quartet concluded in 1999, with the four books appearing one a year in 2000, 2001, 2002, and 2003.
The series' publisher, Scholastic Books, published a lesson plan for teachers to use the quartet in the classroom. The lesson plan suggests exploring the series' "refreshingly multiracial world," its representation of the student experience, and literary techniques of sensory writing, simile, and plot suspense.
References
Fantasy novel series
The 2022 Republic of Buryatia head election took place on 11 September 2022, on common election day. Incumbent Head Alexey Tsydenov was re-elected to a second term.
Background
Deputy Minister of Transport Alexey Tsydenov was appointed Head of Buryatia in February 2017. They successfully won election to a full term with 87% of the vote.
Due to the start of Russian special military operation in Ukraine in February 2022 and subsequent economic sanctions the cancellation and postponement of direct gubernatorial elections was proposed. The measure was even supported by A Just Russia leader Sergey Mironov.
However, Aleksey Tsydenov publicly supported direct head election. On 31 May President Vladimir Putin endorsed Tsydenov for reelection. On 9 June People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia called head election for 11 September 2022.
Candidates
Only political parties can nominate candidates for head election in Buryatia, self-nomination is not possible. However, candidate is not obliged to be a member of the nominating party. Candidate for Head of Buryatia should be a Russian citizen and at least 30 years old. Each candidate in order to be registered is required to collect at least 7% of signatures of members and heads of municipalities (207-217 signatures). Also gubernatorial candidates present 3 candidacies to the Federation Council and election winner later appoints one of the presented candidates.
Registered
Sergey Dorosh (LDPR), Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia, 2017 head candidate
Viktor Malyshenko (CPRF), Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia
Semyon Matkheyev (New People), business person
Alexey Tsydenov (United Russia), incumbent Head of Buryatia
Declined
Igor Bobkov (RPPSS), Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia
Vyacheslav Markhayev (CPRF), Member of State Duma, 2017 head candidate
Candidates for Federation Council
Sergey Dorosh (LDPR):
Yulia Maltseva, accountant
Dmitry Teslenko, physician
Badmadorzho Zhigzhitov, Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia
Viktor Malyshenko (CPRF):
Anatoly Kovalev, Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia
Vyacheslav Markhayev, Member of State Duma, former Senator from Irkutsk Oblast (2015-2020), 2017 head candidate
Bair Tsyrenov, Member of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia
Semyon Matkheyev (New People):
Maksim Buvalin, general director of "Ulan-Ude Energo"
Aldar Galsanov, unemployed
Shirap Khaludorov, aide to State Duma member Georgy Arapov
Aleksey Tsydenov (United Russia):
Leonid Belykh, former general director of Ulan-Ude Aviation Plant (1998-2021)
Tatyana Mantatova, Deputy Chair of People's Khural of the Republic of Buryatia, former Senator from Buryatia (2017)
Vyacheslav Nagovitsyn, incumbent Senator
Finances
All sums are in rubles.
Results
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! style="text-align:left;" colspan=2| Candidate
! style="text-align:left;"| Party
! width="75"|Votes
! width="30"|%
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Alexey Tsydenov (incumbent)
| style="text-align:left;"| United Russia
| 235,380
| 86.23
|-
| style="background-color:|
| style="text-align:left;"| Viktor Malyshenko
| style="text-align:left;"| Communist Party
| 19,429
| 7.12
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Sergey Dorosh
| style="text-align:left;"| Liberal Democratic Party
| 7,264
| 2.66
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Semyon Matkheyev
| style="text-align:left;"| New People
| 6,414
| 2.35
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Valid votes
| 268,487
| 98.36
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Blank ballots
| 4,479
| 1.64
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Total
| 272,966
| 100.00
|-
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;" colspan="6"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Turnout
| 272,966
| 39.41
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Registered voters
| 692,590
| 100.00
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Incumbent Senator Vyacheslav Nagovitsyn (United Russia) was re-appointed to the Federation Council.
See also
2022 Russian gubernatorial elections
References
Buryatia
Buryatia
Politics of Buryatia
Procuring or pandering is the facilitation or provision of a prostitute or other sex worker in the arrangement of a sex act with a customer. A procurer, colloquially called a pimp (if male) or a madam (if female, though the term pimp has still extensively been used for female procurers as well) or a brothel keeper, is an agent for prostitutes who collect part of their earnings. The procurer may receive this money in return for advertising services, physical protection, or for providing, and possibly monopolizing, a location where the prostitute may solicit clients. Like prostitution, the legality of certain actions of a madam or a pimp vary from one region to the next.
Examples of procuring include:
Trafficking a person into a country for the purpose of soliciting sex
Operating a business where prostitution occurs
Transporting a prostitute to the location of their arrangement
Deriving financial gain from the prostitution of another
Overview
Pimps and madams are diverse and variegated, depending on the strata in which they work, and they enter and leave the sex industry for a variety of internal and external reasons, such as family pressure, interactions with the police, and in some cases recruitment from peer sex workers.
Procuring can take abusive forms. Madams/pimps may punish clients for physical abuse or failure to pay, and enforce exclusive rights to "turf" where their prostitutes may advertise and operate with less competition. In the many places where prostitution is outlawed, sex workers have decreased incentive to report abuse for fear of self-incrimination, and increased motivation to seek any physical protection from clients and law enforcement that a madam/pimp might provide.
The madam/pimp–prostitute relationship is often understood to be abusive and possessive, with the pimp/madam using techniques such as psychological intimidation, manipulation, starvation, rape and/or gang rape, beating, tattooing to mark the woman as "theirs", confinement, threats of violence toward the victim's family, forced drug use and the shame from these acts. Recent empirical research of madams/pimps suggest that these assumptions about abusive relationships represent stereotyped oppression narratives that may only represent a small percentage of the relationships between madams/pimps and sex workers.
In the US, madams/pimps can be arrested and charged with pandering and are legally known as procurers. This, combined with the tendency to identify pimping with African-American masculinity, may provide some of the explanation for why approximately three-fifths of all "confirmed" human traffickers in the United States are African-American men. It has recently been argued that some of the extreme examples of violence cited in the article below come primarily from such stereotyping supported by Hollywood screenwriters, selective and decontextualized trial transcripts, and studies that have only interviewed parties to sex commerce in institutions of rescue, prosecution, and punishment, rather than engaging rigorous study in situ.
A 2018 study by researchers from the University of Montreal divided the concept of a pimp into three distinct categories: "low-profile" (primarily female), "hustlers" (predominantly male and violent, marking the common stereotype), and "abused" (even malefemale split, more likely to be subjected to violence than to commit it).
Legal status and debates about legality
Where prostitution is decriminalized or regulated, procuring may or may not be legal. Procuring regulations differ widely from place to place.
Procuring and brothels are legal in the Netherlands, Germany, Greece, New Zealand, and most of Australia and Nevada.
Canada
In Canada, there was a legal challenge to prostitution laws, which ended in the 2013 ruling of Bedford v. Canada. In 2010, Ontario Superior Court Judge Susan Himel overturned the national laws banning brothels and procuring, arguing that they violated the constitution guaranteeing "the right to life, liberty and security".
In 2012, the Court of Appeal for Ontario reaffirmed the unconstitutionality of the laws. The case was appealed by the Canadian government, and was under trial in the Supreme Court of Canada in June 2013. On 20 December 2013, the Supreme Court unanimously struck down the remaining prostitution laws. , the Canadian government began working on regulations to allow the trade to operate.
United Nations
The United Nations 1949 Convention for the Suppression of the Traffic in Persons and of the Exploitation of the Prostitution of Others requires state signatories to ban pimping and brothels, and to abolish regulation of individual prostitutes. It states:
Whereas prostitution and the accompanying evil of the traffic in persons for the purpose of prostitution are incompatible with the dignity and worth of the human person and endanger the welfare of the individual, the family and the community
The convention reads:
Article 1
The Parties to the present Convention agree to punish any person who, to gratify the passions of another:
(1) Procures, entices or leads away, for purposes of prostitution, another person, even with the consent of that person;
(2) Exploits the prostitution of another person, even with the consent of that person.
Article 2
The Parties to the present Convention further agree to punish any person who:
(1) Keeps or manages, or knowingly finances or takes part in the financing of a brothel;
(2) Knowingly lets or rents a building or other place or any part thereof for the purpose of the prostitution of others.
Various UN commissions however have differing positions on the issue. For example, in 2012, a UNAIDS commission convened by Ban Ki-moon and backed by UNDP and UNAIDS, recommended the decriminalization of brothels and procuring.
Etymology
Procurer
The term procurer derives from the French procureur.
Pimping
The word pimp first appeared in English in 1607, in a Thomas Middleton play entitled Your Five Gallants. It is of unknown origin, but may have stemmed from the French infinitive pimper meaning to dress up elegantly and from the present participle pimpant meaning alluring in seductive dress. Pimp used as a verb, meaning to act as a pimp, first appeared in 1636 in Philip Massinger's play, The Bashful Lover. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the term was commonly used to refer to informers. A pimp can also mean "a despicable person". The term can also be applied to a person who is considered a ladies' man.
Rapper Nelly tried to redefine the word "pimp" by saying that it is an acronym for "positive, intellectual, motivated person." They created a college scholarship with the name "P.I.M.P. Juice Scholarship". Dawn Turner Trice of the Chicago Tribune argues that there is "something truly unsettling, to say the least, about attaching such a vile word to a scholarship" and expresses concern about the glamorization of the term.
In the first years of the 21st century, a new meaning of the word emerged in the form of a transitive verb pimp, which means "to decorate" or "to gussy up" (compare primp, especially in Scottish usage). This new definition was made popular by Pimp My Ride, an MTV television show. Although this new definition paid homage to hip-hop culture and its connection to street culture, it has now entered common, even mainstream commercial, use.
In medical contexts, the verb means "to ask (a student) a question for the purpose of testing them or their knowledge".
Pandering
The word "pander", meaning to "pimp" is derived from Pandarus, a licentious figure who facilitates the affair between the protagonists in Troilus and Criseyde, a poem by Geoffrey Chaucer. Pandarus appears with a similar role in Shakespeare's interpretation of the story, Troilus and Cressida.
Business
Pimping is sometimes operated like a business. The pimp may have a bottom girl who serves as office manager, keeping the pimp apprised of law-enforcement activity and collecting money from the prostitutes. Pimps recognize a hierarchy among themselves. In certain pimp strata, the least respected, or newer pimps, are the "popcorn pimps" and "wannabes". "Popcorn pimps" was a phenomenon which occurred among adolescent cocaine users of both sexes who utilized children younger than themselves to support their habits. A pimp who uses violence and intimidation to control their prostitutes is called a "gorilla pimp", while those who use psychological trickery to deceive younger prostitutes into becoming hooked into the system are called "finesse pimps". In addition, a prostitute may "bounce" from pimp to pimp without paying the "pimp moving" tax.
Some pimps in the United States are also documented gang members, which causes concerns for police agencies in jurisdictions where prostitution is a significant problem. Pimping rivals narcotic sales as a major source of funding for many gangs. Gangs need money to survive, and money equates to power and respect. While selling drugs may be lucrative for a gang, this activity often carries significant risk as stiff legal penalties and harsh mandatory minimum sentencing laws exist. However, with pimping, gang members still make money while the prostitutes themselves bear the majority of the risk. Pimping has several benefits to the gang that the pimp belongs to. These benefits include helping the gang recruit new members because the gang has women available for sex, and the money brought in by prostitution allows gang members to buy cars, clothes and weapons, all of which help to recruit younger members into the gang by increasing the reputation of the gang in the local gang subculture. The presence of gangs (and weapons and drugs) is a virtual guarantee when prostitutes are present, which is why many law-enforcement agencies advocate taking an aggressive stance against prostitutes. Many vice units work to ascertain if the prostitute they have arrested has a pimp, and if so, they pressure them to provide information about their pimp and the gang involved. This information can then be used to go after the more serious and violent offenders.
Some pimp businesses have an internal structure – built around violence – for dealing with rule breakers. For example, some pimps have been known to employ a "pimp stick", which is two coat hangers wrapped together, in order to subdue unruly prostitutes. A variation is a "pimp cane", used for similar purposes. Although prostitutes can move between pimps, this movement sometimes leads to violence. For example, a prostitute could be punished for merely looking at another pimp; this is considered in some pimp milieus to be "reckless eyeballing". Violence can also be used on customers, for example if the customer attempts to evade payment or becomes unruly with a prostitute.
Use of tattoos
Some pimps tattoo prostitutes as a mark of "ownership". The tattoo will often be the pimp's street name or even their likeness. The mark might be as discreet as ankle tattoo, or blatant as a neck tattoo or large scale font across the prostitute's lower back, thigh, chest, or buttocks.
Internet effect
Since the Internet became widely available, prostitutes increasingly use websites to solicit sexual encounters. This has bypassed the need for pimps in some contexts, while some pimps have used these sites to broker their sex workers.
Criticism of portrayals
Some scholars and sex workers' rights advocates dispute portrayals of third-party agents as violent and extremely committed to a pimp subculture, finding them inaccurate exaggerations used to foster harmful policies. For example, one study found that pimps tend to drift in and out of pimping, with some of their goals and identities classified as predominantly mainstream, some as predominantly outside of that mainstream, and some as a hybrid of conventional and non-conventional.
Pornography
Attempts have been made in the US to charge pornographic-film producers with pandering under state law. The case of California v. Freeman in 1989 is one of the most prominent examples where a producer/director of pornographic films was charged with pandering under the argument that paying porn actors to perform sex on camera was a form of prostitution covered by a state anti-pandering statute. The State Supreme Court rejected this argument, finding that the California pandering statute was not intended to cover the hiring of actors who would be engaging in sexually-explicit but non-obscene performances. It also stated that only in cases where the producer paid the actors for the purpose of sexually gratifying themselves or other actors, could the producer be charged with pandering under state law. This case effectively legalized pornography in the State of California. In 2008, the New Hampshire Supreme Court issued a similar ruling (New Hampshire v. Theriault) which declared that producing pornography was not a form of prostitution under state law.
Art
Notable pimps and madams
Elizabeth Adams
Polly Adler
Ah Toy
Brenda Allen
Sydney Biddle Barrows
Scotty Bowers
Kid Cann
Belle Cora (Arabella Ryan)
Kristin M. Davis
Shirley Finn
Heidi Fleiss (madam)
Marguerite Gourdan (madam)
Lou Graham
Dennis Hof
Xaviera Hollander
Don "Magic" Juan
Mary-Anne Kenworthy (madam)
Gangubai Kothewali (madam)
Isabel La Negra
Meyer Lansky
Ghislaine Maxwell
Enriqueta Martí
Mother Damnable
Elizabeth Needham
Dora Noyce (madam)
Deborah Jeane Palfrey
Justine Paris (madam)
Grace Peixotto
Lovisa von Plat
Jurjentje Aukes Rauwerda
Lindi St Clair (madam)
Fillmore Slim
Iceberg Slim
Sally Stanford
Al Swearengen
Anna Wilson (madam)
See also
American Pimp, a 1999 documentary by the Hughes brothers consisting of first-person interviews with people involved in the pimping lifestyle in the US
Webcam model: avoids the perceived need of "protection" in the form of a pimp
References
External links
Prostitution
Organized crime activity
Ahmadabad (, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 260, in 70 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Giacomo Rust or Rusti (1741 in Rome, Italy – 1786 in Barcelona, Spain) was an Italian opera composer, probably of German ancestry.
Not a great deal is known about Rust. Between 1763 and 1777, Rust was active in Venice, where their first opera, a dramma giocoso, La contadina in corte, to a libretto by Niccolò Tassi, was performed in 1763. During this period, Rust acquired great fame as opera composer, not only in Italy, but also abroad, which gained them an invitation to be employed in the service of the Archbishop of Salzburg. On 12 June 1777, they were named a choir master at the Salzburg court, a post that they abandoned towards the end of the year. Some time later, Rust returned to Venice to continue their operatic activity. In 1783, they settled down in Barcelona, where they assumed the office of the Maestro de capilla.
Works
The following is the list of the operas composed by Rust.
Notes
References
Bauman, Thomas and Hintermaier, Ernst (1992), "Rust, Giacomo" in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie (London)
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
Classical-period composers
1741 births
1786 deaths
18th-century Italian composers
18th-century Italian male musicians
Daniel MacIvor (born July 23, 1962) is a Canadian actor, playwright, theatre director, and film director.  They are probably best known for their acting roles in independent films and the sitcom Twitch City.
Personal
MacIvor was born in Sydney, Nova Scotia and educated at Dalhousie University in Halifax, and then at George Brown College in Toronto, Ontario. MacIvor is openly gay. They married Paul Goulet in 2006; they have since divorced. They have an Italian Greyhound, called 'Buddy'.
Career
In addition to their film and theatrical credits, MacIvor wrote the libretto to the opera "Hadrian," for which Rufus Wainwright wrote the music.
Theatre
MacIvor founded the theatre company da da kamera with Michele Jelley in 1986 to independently produce their own work. They were in residence at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre - for whom they have written, directed, and acted. Their plays include Never Swim Alone, This is a Play, Monster, Marion Bridge, You are Here, Cul-de-sac, and A Beautiful View. Five of MacIvor's plays were published as I Still Love You in 2006, in celebration of the twentieth anniversary of da da kamera, (Never Swim Alone, The Soldier Dreams, You are Here, In on It, and A Beautiful View), and won MacIvor a coveted Governor General's Award for Drama.
Solo theatre work
MacIvor is particularly well known for a series of solo shows created in collaboration with director Daniel Brooks. These include House, Here Lies Henry, Monster and Cul-de-sac. These incorporate a minimalist and meta-theatrical style. In House and Here Lies Henry, MacIvor portrays one character who speaks directly to the audience, acknowledging their presence. While the direct address of the audience continues in Monster and Cul-de-sac, MacIvor portrays several characters throughout the course of the piece and this direct address is occasionally broken up by dialogue between these characters.
In 1992, 2-2 Tango was included in Making Out, the first anthology of Canadian plays by gay writers, alongside works by Ken Garnhum, Sky Gilbert, David Demchuk, Harry Rintoul and Colin Thomas.
The first three of these pieces were staged at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre in the 2006/2007 season as part of a tribute and retrospective of da da kamera's work.
MacIvor and Brooks later collaborated with Iris Turcott to create the play Who Killed Spalding Gray?, in which MacIvor performs the part of a fictional character partly based on the style of deceased American actor Spalding Gray. The show premiered at the Halifax's Magnetic North Theatre Festival, and was later performed in Toronto at the Luminata Festival and at the High Performance Rodeo in Calgary
Film
In their early film work, MacIvor frequently collaborated with director Laurie Lynd, including on the short films RSVP in 1991, The Fairy Who Didn't Want to Be a Fairy Anymore in 1992, and the feature film House (1995).
In the early 2000s MacIvor wrote, co-wrote and directed several independent films, which were usually made in their home province of Nova Scotia. They include Past Perfect, Marion Bridge, Whole New Thing and Wilby Wonderful.
As an actor they appeared in Jeremy Podeswa's The Five Senses, had a recurring role in the television series Republic of Doyle and played Nathan in the iconic Canadian television series Twitch City. In recent years MacIvor has been working with director Bruce McDonald as screenwriter of the films Trigger and Weirdos (for which MacIvor won a Canadian Screen Award in 2017 for best original screenplay).
Awards and honors
In addition to winning the Governor General's Award for Drama in 2006, MacIvor has won other notable awards during their career. Mr. MacIvor also has two Chalmers New Play Awards, once in 1997 and 1992.
Plays
In 1998, MacIvor won the award for overall excellence at the New York International Fringe Festival for their play Never Swim Alone.
In 2002, their play In On It earned them a GLAAD Award and a Village Voice Obie Award.
In 2008, they were awarded the Siminovitch Prize in Theatre.
Selected theatre work
See Bob Run (1989), da da kamera, directed by Ken McDougall
Yes I Am and Who Are You? (1989), Buddies in Bad Times, directed by Edward Roy
Wild Abandon (1990), Theatre Passe Muraille, directed by Vinetta Strombergs
Somewhere I Have Never Travelled (1990), Tarragon Theatre, directed by Andy McKim
Never Swim Alone (1991), da da kamera, directed by Ken McDougall
2-2 Tango (1991), Buddies in Bad Times, directed by Ken McDougall
Jump (1992), Theatre Passe Muraille, directed by Daniel Brooks
House (1992), da da kamera and the Factory Theatre
This is a Play (1992), da da kamera, directed by Ken MacDougall
The Lorca Play (1992), da da kamera, co-directed by MacIvor and Daniel Brooks
Sessions (1995), Tarragon Theatre, with Daniel Brooks and Clare Coulter
Here Lies Henry (1995), Buddies in Bad Times Theatre
The Soldier Dreams (1997), da da kamera at Canadian Stage Company
Marion Bridge (1998), Mulgrave Road Theatre and da da kamera
Monster (1998), da da kamera at Canadian Stage Company, directed by Daniel Brooks
In On It (2000), Edinburgh Festival, directed by MacIvor
You Are Here (2001), da da kamera in association with Theatre Passe Muraille
Cul-de-Sac (2003), da da Kamera, directed by Daniel Brooks
A Beautiful View (2006), da da kamera, directed by Daniel MacIvor
How It Works (2007), Tarragon Theatre, directed by Daniel MacIvor
Their Greatness (2007), Vancouver Arts Club, directed by Linda Moore
Confession (2008), Mulgrave Road Theatre, directed by Ann-Marie Kerr
Communion (2010), Tarragon Theatre, directed by Daniel MacIvor
This Is What Happens Next (2010), Canstage, directed by Daniel Brooks
Bingo! (2011), Mulgrave Road Theatre
Was Spring (2012), Tarragon Theatre, directed by Daniel MacIvor
The Best Brothers (2012), Stratford Shakespeare Festival, directed by Dean Gabourie
Arigato, Tokyo (2013), Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, directed by Brendan Healy
Small Things (2014), Prairie Theatre Exchange, directed by Robert Metcalfe
Who Killed Spalding Gray? (2014), Magnetic North Theatre Festival
"I, Animal" (2015), KAZAN CO-OP Theatre, directed by Richie Wilcox
Cake & Dirt (2015), Tarragon Theatre, directed by Amiel Gladstone
Let's Run Away (2019), Canadian Stage, directed by Daniel Brooks
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Canadian male stage actors
Canadian male film actors
20th-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
21st-century Canadian dramatists and playwrights
Film directors from Nova Scotia
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Canadian gay writers
Canadian gay actors
LGBT film directors
People from Sydney, Nova Scotia
Male actors from Nova Scotia
Writers from Nova Scotia
Dora Mavor Moore Award winners
George Brown College alumni
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
Governor General's Award-winning dramatists
Canadian male dramatists and playwrights
Canadian screenwriters
LGBT screenwriters
Best Screenplay Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
20th-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian male writers
Canadian Film Centre alumni
Opera librettists
Canadian male television actors
Canadian male voice actors
21st-century LGBT people
Agăș is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Agăș, Beleghet, Coșnea, Cotumba, Diaconești, Goioasa, Preluci and Sulța.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Events in the year 2021 in North Korea.
Incumbents
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in North Korea
From 5 January – The 8th Congress of the Workers' Party of Korea.
10 January – 8th Congress congress restored the operative functions of the General Secretary of the Workers' Party of Korea, a title previously awarded "eternally" to Kim Jong-il, and elected Kim Jong-un to it.
On January 14th, a military parade took place in Kim Il-sung Square in which ballistic missiles were revealed, after a Workers' Party of Korea meeting was held by Kim Jong-un to oppose growing "US hostility." The Korean Central News Agency announced that the nuclear weapons showcased could “pre-emptively and completely destroy any enemy outside of our territory”.
Deaths
4 February – Ri Jae-il, politician, First Deputy Director of the Propaganda and Agitation Department (born 1935).
13 December – Kim Yong-ju, politician and the younger brother of Kim Il-sung (born 1920).
References
2020s in North Korea
Years of the 21st century in North Korea
North Korea
North Korea
Edinoverie (, literally “coreligionism”) is an arrangement between certain Russian Old Believer communities and the official Russian Orthodox Church, whereby such communities are treated as a part of the normative Church system while maintaining their own rites. Thus, they are often designated "Old Ritualists" (, staroobryadtsy), as opposed to "Old Believers".
Meaning of the term
The Russian word edinoverie may be a back-formation of edinovertsy (единоверцы; sometimes also transcribed Yedinovertsy), i.e. 'coreligionists' (literally, 'ones of the same faith'; the word is also used to refer to members of Edinoverie community). It may be interpreted as 'Unity in Faith', although perhaps a more precise meaning would be "Accepting [the Old-Rite Christians] as people of the same faith [by the Established Church]".
More open-minded hierarchs of the State Church saw in the Edinoverie a mutual acceptance. In the words of Filaret, Metropolitan of Moscow, addressed to the Edinovertsy at the 1854 consecration of Saint Nicholas Church for them at Rogozhskoye Cemetery, «Вы единоверцы нам, а мы единоверцы вам» ("You are people of our faith, and we are people of your faith").
History
Edinoverie arrangements began to appear in the last quarter of the 18th century, after more than a century of struggle between Russia's established Orthodox Church and various Old Believer groups, who did not recognise the changes to liturgy and the official translations of Scripture made under the leadership of Patriarch Nikon in the 1660s.
On the side of the established church, the initiators of Edinoverie are said to be Metropolitan Platon of Moscow (the senior hierarch of the Russian Orthodox Church) and Archbishop Nikifor, who was Archbishop first of Sloviansk and Kherson, and later of Astrakhan and Stavropol in South Russia.
Nikifor, when they began reaching out to Old Believers in 1780, was based in Poltava, the headquarters of what was then the Diocese of Sloviansk and Kherson, covering much of eastern Ukraine, and later to become the Diocese of Ekaterinoslav). When they visited a chapel of Popovtsy (Old Believers who had their own priests not recognised by the Church) in Elisavetgrad in July of that year, they offered them the possibility of giving their chapel official standing in the established Church, with a priest selected by the Old Believers themselves, and utilising the pre-Nikonian service books and rites. The offer was rejected by the Old Believers of Elisavetgrad, but later that month, many Old Believers in the village of Bolshaya Znamenka (in Melitopol uyezd) accepted a similar arrangement. In February 1781, an archbishop issued a letter, authorising them to set up a church legally and conduct services in accordance with traditional rites. That was done by consecrating as a church the wooden chapel that the Old Believers of Znamenka had built in 1776.
Nikifor's scheme of legalisation turned out to be so popular that soon enough not only did the Popovtsy begin to request legalisation, but also the Bespopovtsy (the priestless faction) began asking Nikifor to provide them with priests. One such Bezpopovtsy community was the village of Zlynka in 1782.
Outside of Ukraine, in the same year, the Old Believer merchants of Moscow and the Volga arranged similar legalization of the Upper-Isaac Skete (compound) in the Irgiz Rivers area of Saratov Governorate.
On the side of the Old Believers, the driving force of the Edinoverie compromise were Hieromonk Michael Kalmykov and the Monk Nikodim.
Having learned of Nikifor's experiments in the South and the legalisation of the Irgiz community, Nikodim, with an agreement of many Popovtsy of the Starodub area, began to contact civil and ecclesiastical authorities with regards to the possibility of "legalising" the priests of the Popovtsy. After a number of rejections, they gained the support of Count Peter Rumyantsev-Zadunaisky in 1783. In the same year, their petition to Empress Catherine II of Russia was forwarded to the Holy Synod. In April 1784, by which time Kalmykov had died, the Empress issued a rescript, granting priests to Old Believers and allowing them to officiate according to the "Old Rites", but not providing for any bishops. Disappointed, Nikodim fell sick and died at the age of 39.
In August 1785, a government decree was promulgated, providing for the organization of "Old Believer" churches within the established Church, although they still were not to have their own bishops or any sort of organizational centre. Nevertheless, this point is usually considered the start of the Edinoverie scheme.
Catherine's successor, Paul I, was perhaps more interested than Catherine was, in the matter of integrating the Old Believers into the established church on acceptable terms. Legal priests were granted to the Old Believers of Kazan in 1796 and to those of Nizhny Novgorod in 1797. On March 12, 1798, the Emperor issued a decree, requiring all bishops to ordain priests for the Old Believers (using the "old" rite of ordination, acceptable to the flock), and permitting construction of Old Ritualist churches.
The chief bishop of the established church, Metropolitan Platon of Moscow, wrote the "Eleven Articles of Edinoverie" (), the document regulating the "union" between the official church and the Old Believers. Although the Metropolitan's rules satisfied some of the wishes of the Old Believers, the Edinoverie parishioners nevertheless remained second-class citizens within the Church: for example, the Old-Rite priests were still normally not permitted to administer sacraments to the mainstream Orthodox believers.
Throughout the 19th century, the attitude of the established church toward the Edinoverie may be described as that of tolerating a "necessary evil": a tool to bring the "dissenters" into the fold of the Mother Church. On occasions, Church authorities were quite forceful in converting Old Believer communities into the Edinoverie scheme, and the government would usually treat those within the arrangement preferentially over those who rejected the compromise. For example, in 1818 the government prohibited the printing of Old Ritualist religious books other than those from Edinoverie printing houses. At the same time, parishioners of "regular" Orthodox churches were discouraged by the authorities from joining Old-Rite parishes.
By the time of the Revolution of 1917, there were around 300 Edinoverie parishes in Russia.
In the capital of the Empire, Saint Petersburg, the first Edinoverie church was set up in 1799. In 1917, the Edinovertsy of Saint Petersburg received their first bishop (Bishop Simon of Okhta), but in 1932 their churches were closed by the Communist authorities, not to be revived until 1990. The Moscow community of Edinovertsy, based in Lefortovo District, were allowed to erect their churches after the Fire of 1812; two extant churches, completed in 1819 and 1825, which were shut down in 1931, and are now operated by the State Russian Orthodox Church.
Old Ritualists in Communion with the See of Rome
Some Old Believers have been received into communion with the Catholic Church as Eastern Catholics while maintaining their distinctive rites, thus making them Eastern Catholic equivalents of the Edinoverie. The most famous convert is Potapy Emelianov, a former Edinoverie priest in Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine. In 1918, they were received into the Russian Catholic Church with their entire parish. They later survived a ten-year sentence at Solovki prison camp and died in 1936. As of 2003, their cause for canonisation is open.
According to a 2005 interview, Russian Catholic priest Sergei Golovanov stated that there was then one Old-Ritualist Catholic priest active on Russian soil.
References
Bibliography
White, James: A Bridge to the Schism. Edinoverie, Russian Orthodoxy, and the Ritual Formation of Confessions, 1800-1918. (PhD thesis, European University Institute, 2014)
Old Believer movement
18th-century Eastern Catholicism
18th-century Eastern Orthodoxy
Catholicism and Eastern Orthodoxy
Eastern Orthodox ecumenical and interfaith relations
The Jefferson-Seymour District is a historic district encompassing a residential area on the south side of Hartford, Connecticut. Covering portions of Cedar, Wadsworth, Seymour and Jefferson Streets, it contains a well-preserved collection of late 19th and early 20th-century middle-class residential architecture, primarily executed in brick. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Description and history
The area south of downtown Hartford between Washington and Main Streets was developed as a residential area beginning in the mid-19th century. It was bounded by estates on Washington Street that extended east to Cedar Street, and the south by the institutional campuses of the Hartford Hospital and Hartford Orphan Asylum, both established in the 1860s. This area became an enclave of middle-class residential housing, with densely built one and two-family houses, housing people who worked either in downtown, at one of the two institutions, or a short way east at the Colt Armory. In the early 20th century, some of the area was redeveloped to include a number of apartment blocks. The area is now hemmed in by encroaching state and municipal offices to the north and west, and the growing medical institutions to the south.
The historic district is bounded on the south by Jefferson Street, and extends north along Seymour Street to Park Street. Including two short blocks of Park Street, it then extends further north along back-to-back sides of Cedar and Wadsworth Streets nearly to Buckingham Street. Most of the residences in this area are built out of brick, and are two stories in height. Early construction exhibits a combination of Italianate and Greek Revival elements, with later buildings in modestly decorated versions of the Second Empire and Queen Anne. The later apartment blocks are typically in the Colonial Revival style, which is also reflected in a few single-family houses built in the 1920s.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hartford, Connecticut
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places in Hartford, Connecticut
Greek Revival architecture in Connecticut
Italianate architecture in Connecticut
Queen Anne architecture in Connecticut
Historic districts in Hartford County, Connecticut
Ashang Khullen is a Tangkhul village in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India. The village falls under the Ukhrul-South sub division. The village is connected by National Highway 102 that connects Shangshak and Yairipok. Ashang Khullen is flanked by Chongdan Village in the west, Nambashi in the south, Punge and Sorde in the east and Kangoi in the north. Locally, the inhabitants speak Ashang Khullen dialect that belongs to the Tibeto-Burman language family.
Total population
According to the 2011 Census of India, the village comprises 26 households with the total of 123 people. The average sex ratio of the village is 922 female to 1000 male which is lower than Manipur state's average of 985. Literacy rate of Ashang Khullen is 81.19% with male literacy rate at 82.35% and female literacy rate at 80.80%.
People and occupation
The village is home to people of Tangkhul Naga tribe. Majority of the inhabitants are Christians. Agriculture is the primary occupation of the inhabitants. The village is known in the district for its reserve natural environment, flora and fauna. In the run up to the 11 Manipur Assembly Constituency 2017, a school teacher on election duty died in a bomblast near Ashang Khullen.
References
Villages in Ukhrul district
Galina Kovalenskaya (born September 24, 1934) is a Russian Masters track and field athlete.  They are the former W75 World Record holder in the shot put. Them record of was retired as the farthest outdoor mark with the 3 kg implement; the age division now throws a 2 kg implement. Them distance was surpassed by former Olympian Rosemary Chrimes indoors with 9.21, but World Masters Athletics do not accept indoor marks as equal to outdoor marks. At the 2010 World Indoor Masters Championships in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada, they also set the W75 World Indoor Record in the weight throw.
Career
They won the same event at the 2015 World Masters Athletics Championships, in the process setting the W80 World Throws Pentathlon Bests in the shot Put, discus and javelin throw. Separately they also won the World Championship in those same three events. leaving Lyon, France, with four gold medals plus a bronze in the weight throw. They had won a silver medal in the 5 throwing events in 2009 and a bronze in 2007. In 2009, they were a silver medalist in the hammer throw. They ran the 2000 metres steeplechase in Porto Alegre, Brazil in 2013 at age 79, to become the oldest woman to complete a steeplechase while winning a silver medal, until in 2015 Florence Meiler ran the steeplechase at age 80. They won the weight pentathlon at the 2013 and 2005 editions of the World Masters Games. They almost ran the table in the 2005 throwing events, only prevented by a second place in the discus.
At the 2010 World Indoor Masters Championships they successfully ran the table, winning all the throwing events
References
External links
Galina Kovalenskaya Throwing in Sydney
1934 births
Living people
Russian female shot putters
Russian female discus throwers
Russian female javelin throwers
Russian female hammer throwers
Russian female steeplechase runners
WFLV (90.7 FM) is a contemporary Christian formatted radio station in West Palm Beach, Florida, owned by the Educational Media Foundation and branded as K-Love. WFLV airs Contemporary worship music on its HD2 subchannel.
History
The station signed on in 1969 as WHRS-FM, an outreach of the School District of Palm Beach County to the large number of migrant families in the Palm Beaches. (Its calls represented one of its public schools, Hagen Road Elementary School.) It joined the then-new National Public Radio network in 1972. Originally airing a mix of classical music and fine arts programming with Spanish and bilingual programming in the mornings, it gradually evolved into a typical NPR classical music and fine arts station. In 1981, WHRS was sold to South Florida Public Telecommunications, the community group that owned the license for the area's new PBS station, WWPF-TV, which changed its calls to WHRS-TV before signing on in 1982. In 1985, the two stations changed their call letters to WXEL-FM-TV. Barry University bought the stations in 1997.
In April 2005, Barry announced a pending purchase of both WXEL and WXEL-TV to a group consisting of Educational Broadcasting Corporation (owners of New York City's WNET and WLIW) and the Community Broadcast Foundation of Palm Beach and the Treasure Coast, a local volunteer organization. Barry University decided to terminate the sale in May 2008.
Another deal to sell WXEL radio, this time to American Public Media, doing business as Classical South Florida, was reached on April 20, 2010 after receiving approval from the station's trustees. The sale closed on May 25, 2011 and, as WXEL-TV was not included in the deal, the call letters of the radio station were changed to WPBI. APM operated the station as a full-time satellite of its Miami station, WKCP.
With the sale, all NPR news programming moved to WPBI's HD Radio subchannel. A low-powered translator, W270AD in West Palm Beach, relays the subchannel's schedule; it had previously been used to simulcast WKCP. Most of the market gets at least grade B coverage from WLRN-FM in Miami or WQCS Fort Pierce.
Translators
References
External links
FLV
West Palm Beach, Florida
K-Love radio stations
Educational Media Foundation radio stations
1969 establishments in Florida
Radio stations established in 1969
FLV
Flathead County is in the U.S. state of Montana. At the 2020 census, its population was 104,357, making it the state's fourth most populous county. Its county seat is Kalispell. Its numerical designation (used in the issuance of license plates) is 7. Its northern border is on the state's north border, making it contiguous with the Canada–US border, facing British Columbia.
Flathead County comprises the Kalispell, Montana Micropolitan Statistical Area, with neighboring Lake County following soon after.
History
Flathead County was founded in 1893. Some sources cite the supposed practice of the Salish tribe flattening infants' heads as the origin of the name Flathead, but there is no record of Salish Indians ever having that appearance.
Geography
The county includes much of Flathead Lake, the Flathead Valley, and the Flathead River. These natural treasures, originated by glaciers, are named for the unique geological formation of a broad flat valley surrounded by mountains at the head of a deep glacial lake. Several tribes have long used the Flathead Lake, and the Bitterroot Salish, Kootenai, and Pend d'Oreilles tribes are represented on the Flathead Reservation. The western part of Glacier National Park is located in the county.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.2%) is water. It is the third-largest county in Montana by land area and second-largest by total area.
Ecology
Wildlife includes bobcats, black bears, coyotes, deer, elk, grizzly bears, lynx, mountain lions, and wolves.
National protected areas
Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail (part)
Flathead National Forest (part)
Glacier National Park (part)
Kootenai National Forest (part)
Lolo National Forest (part)
Lost Trail National Wildlife Refuge
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States census, there were 74,471 people, 29,588 households, and 20,415 families living in the county. The population density was 15 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 34,773 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.26% White, 0.15% Black or African American, 1.15% Native American, 0.46% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.41% from other races, and 1.50% from two or more races. 1.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 21.7% were of German, 11.3% Irish, 11.0% Norwegian, 10.3% English and 9.1% United States or American ancestry.
There were 29,588 households, out of which 32.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.90% were married couples living together, 8.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.00% were non-families. 25.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48, and the average family size was 2.97.
The county population contained 25.90% under 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 27.40% from 25 to 44, 26.40% from 45 to 64, and 13.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,466, and the median income for a family was $40,702. Males had a median income of $31,908 versus $20,619 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,112. About 9.40% of families and 13.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.70% of those under age 18 and 8.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States census, there were 90,928 people, 37,504 households, and 24,817 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 46,963 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.5% white, 1.1% American Indian, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.4% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 28.1% were German, 15.0% were English, 14.8% were Irish, 9.3% were Norwegian, and 4.6% were American.
Of the 37,504 households, 29.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.8% were married couples living together, 8.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.8% were non-families, and 27.2% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40, and the average family size was 2.91. The median age was 41.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,998, and the median income for a family was $53,940. Males had a median income of $39,767 versus $28,026 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,721. About 8.4% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.8% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Along with Yellowstone County (home to Billings), Flathead County is one of Montana's more populous counties that leans heavily Republican. It has last voted Democratic in 1964, and has voted over 60% Republican in every presidential election since 1996 save 2008.
Infrastructure
Kalispell Regional Medical Center is the county's largest hospital.
North Valley Hospital is located in Whitefish
Flathead County Library System has 4 locations:
Whitefish Library is separate
Flathead County Solid Waste (Landfill) is located between Kalispell and Whitefish
There are 16 Fire Districts and 3 Fire Service Areas
There are 6 High Schools including private
There are 21 Public School Districts
Legislature
3 County Commissioner Districts
11 House Districts
7 Senate Districts
Communities
Cities
Columbia Falls
Kalispell (county seat)
Whitefish
Census-designated places
Batavia
Bigfork
Coram
Essex
Evergreen
Forest Hill Village
Helena Flats
Hungry Horse
Kila
Lakeside
Little Bitterroot Lake
Marion
Martin City
Niarada
Olney
Pinnacle
Polebridge
Rhodes
Snowslip
Somers
West Glacier
Other unincorporated communities
Apgar Village
Lake McDonald
Adjacent counties
Regional District of East Kootenay, British Columbia – north
Waterton Lakes National Park (Improvement District No. 4), Alberta – northeast
Glacier County – east
Pondera County – east
Teton County – east
Lewis and Clark County – southeast
Powell County – southeast
Missoula County – southeast
Lake County – south
Sanders County – southwest
Lincoln County – west
Notable people
Joe Bereta, member of the sketch comedy duo Barats and Bereta based in Spokane, Washington. Currently co-hosts SourceFed on YouTube.
Phil Jackson, NBA coach and player
Dorothy M. Johnson, writer of Westerns
Braxton Mitchell, Montana state representative
Maury Povich, talk show host known for their TV show Maury
Keith Regier, Montana state senator
Alice Ritzman, LPGA golf professional
Michelle Williams, actor who achieved recognition for their leading role in the TV teen drama series Dawson's Creek
Derek Skees, Montana state representative
In popular culture
Miami Herald columnist Dave Barry frequently cites the police blotter of the Flathead Beacon in Flathead County as a source of humorous material. It is written in a spare, surrealist style by local man Justin Franz, following the pattern set by earlier writer Christie Burns.
See also
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)
List of lakes in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)
List of mountains in Flathead County, Montana (A-L)
List of mountains in Flathead County, Montana (M-Z)
National Register of Historic Places listings in Flathead County, Montana
References
External links
The Daily Inter Lake
Flathead Beacon Newsletter Website
References to Flathead County on Dave Barry's blog
1893 establishments in Montana
Populated places established in 1893
Cornelius (some sources Gelasius) Ó Bánáin, Abbot of Clones, was a bishop in Ireland during the early 14th century: they were Bishop of Clogher from 1316 until their death in 1319.
References
14th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1319 deaths
14th-century Irish abbots
Earl Felton (1909–1972) was an American screenwriter.
They were a regular collaborator with Richard Fleischer, who later wrote that "Earl was crippled from childhood with polio. They had no use of their legs, but they navigated beautifully with a crutch and cane... Earl normally hated anybody [helping]... them and would sometimes lay about them with their cane."
Fleischer added that "in spite of their lifeless legs and total reliance of a crutch and cane to get around, Felton was much given to self-indulgences and debaucheries."
Career
They sold the story Freshman Love to Warner Bros B movie unit. They also sold the story Man Hunt.
Their story The Wizard of St Germaine was sold but not made.
Their story The Bengal Killer was filmed as The Bengal Tiger.
In August 1937 they were reported working on a script Half Way House for MGM.
World Premiere (1941) was based on an original scenario by Felton.
In 1942 they wrote Heart of the Golden West for Roy Rogers.
In 1944 they sold A Likely Story to MGM. They wrote Pardon My Past for Fred MacMurray.
In 1947 they sold a novelette of his, Another Dawn, to Republic. It became Drums Along the Amazon.
They sold The Odyssey of Eddie Arcaro to MGM as a vehicle for Robert Taylor. They wrote the original story for The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend.
Richard Fleischer
Felton began working with Richard Fleischer on Trapped. They went on to collaborate on Armored Car Robbery, Their Kind of Woman, and Target which became The Narrow Margin.
They sold an original to Columbia, Feather in the Breeze.
Fleischer took Felton with them when they left RKO to work on The Happy Time. After The Happy Time they were to write and produce The Right Size of Me for Fleischer about the Doss family but it was not made. They were also meant to make Full of Life for Stanley Kramer but it was never filmed.
They did collaborate on 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1954) for Disney and Bandido for Robert Mitchum.
They wrote The Catwalk for MGM, Line of Fire for John Champion, The Lawless Decade for David L. Wolper and The Proving Flight for Fleischer.
Kramer used them on The Pride and the Passion (1957). The producer got them to do a draft of Inherit the Wind.
In 1960 Fleischer was going to direct a musical script by Felton, Willing is My Love starring Joni James. They did another for Fleischer, One Minute to Midnight. They wrote a film about LSD, East of the Moon. They wrote We Sing Tomorrow for Mort Sahl. None of these films were made.
In the mid 1960s they produced The Man from UNCLE.
In 1969 they wrote Brutes in Brass for GMF but it was not made.
Selected filmography
Freshman Love (1936) – screenplay
Man Hunt (1936) – story
Bengal Tiger (1936) – story and screenplay
The Captain's Kid (1936) – story
Bad Guy (1937) – screenplay
Prison Nurse (1938) – screenplay
The Night Hawk (1938) – screenplay
Orphans of the Street (1938) – story
Society Smugglers (1939) – screenplay
Smuggled Cargo (1939) – additional dialogue
Calling All Marines (1939) – screenplay
The Lone Wolf Keeps a Date (1940) – story, screenplay
The Lone Wolf Takes a Chance – story, screenplay
World Premiere (1941) – story, screenplay
The Pittsburgh Kid (1941) – screenplay
Sierra Sue (1942) – screenplay
Sunset Serenade (1942) – screenplay
Heart of the Golden West (1942) – screenplay
My Best Gal (1944) – screenplay
Pardon My Past (1945) – screenplay
Criminal Court' (1946) – story
Drums Along the Amazon (1948) – storyThe Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend (1949) – story, screenplayTrapped (1949) – story
Armoured Car Robbery (1950) – screenplay
Their Kind of Woman (1951) – uncredited contribution to script
The Las Vegas Story (1952) – screenplay
The Narrow Margin (1952) – screenplayThe Happy Time (1952) – screenplay, associate producer – nominated Best Comedy 1953 screenwriters Guild20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1954) – screenplayThe Marauders (1955) – screenplayThe Rawhide Years (1956) – screenplayBandido! (1956) – story, screenplayThe Pride and the Passion (1958) – uncredited contribution to scriptKillers of Kilimanjaro (1959) – screenplayThe Felony Squad (1967) – "No Sad Songs for Charlie"
References
Bibliography
Shelley, Peter. Frances Farmer: The Life and Films of a Troubled Star''. McFarland, 2010.
External links
1909 births
1972 deaths
People from Studio City, Los Angeles
Screenwriters from California
20th-century American screenwriters
Nicolás Furtado (born 6 February 1988) is an Uruguayan actor.
Life
Furtado was born on 6 February 1988 La Teja, Montevideo. They took architecture courses before attending Ricardo Berio's Escuela del Actor from 2006 to 2008. Furtado started their acting career in Montevideo. In 2012, they moved to Argentina to act in the telenovela, Digo. Furtado won a Tato Award due to their versatility.
Filmography
Television
Porque te quiero así (2011)
Dulce amor (2012)
Terra ribelle 2 (2012)
Somos familia (2014)
El marginal (2016-2022)
Educando a Nina (2016)
Amongst Men (2021)
Film
Porno para principiantes, directed by Carlos Ameglio
Awards
2016: Tato Award for Best Supporting Actor
References
External links
1988 births
Male actors from Montevideo
21st-century Uruguayan male actors
Uruguayan emigrants to Argentina
Living people
Uruguayan male telenovela actors
Uruguayan male film actors
Soares is a common surname in the Portuguese language and Galician, namely in the Portuguese speaking world, as well as other places. It was originally a patronymic, meaning Son of Soeiro. It is equivalent to the Spanish surname Suárez. Notable people named Soares include:
People
General
Alana Soares, American model and actor
António Soares dos Reis (1847–1889), Portuguese sculptor
Diandra Soares, Indian model, fashion designer and television host
Diogo Soares, 16th-century Portuguese navigator and explorer
Elza Soares (1930–2022), Brazilian samba singer
Emelina Soares (born 1993), Indian artist, art historian, and educator
Estevam Soares (born 1956), Brazilian football (soccer) head coach
Ilka Soares (1932–2022), Brazilian actor
Jô Soares (1938–2022), Brazilian comedian, author and talk show host
João Clemente Baena Soares (born 1931), Brazilian diplomat
John Soares, award-winning independent filmmaker, martial arts choreographer, actor and viral video star
Lota de Macedo Soares (1910–1967), Brazilian aesthete
Maria Barroso (Maria de Jesus Simões Barroso Soares) (1925–2015), Portuguese public figure
Oscar Niemeyer Soares Filho (1907–2012), Brazilian architect
Rodrigo R. Soares, Brazilian economist
Tynisha Keli (Tynisha Keli Soares) (born 1985), American R&B-pop singer
Politicians
António Pinto Soares, former Head of State of Costa Rica
António Soares Carneiro, Portuguese military officer and politician
David Soares, American politician
Delúbio Soares, Brazilian politician
João Soares, Portuguese politician
Mário Soares, (1924–2017), Portuguese politician
Mário Lino Soares Correia, Portuguese politician
Soares Sambu, politician from Guinea-Bissau
Footballers
Adilson Soares Cassamá, Bissau-Guinean footballer
Admilson Jorge Soares, known as Soares, Bissau-Guinean footballer
A. J. Soares, American soccer player
Bruna Soares (born 1985), Brazilian women's footballer
Cédric Soares, Portuguese footballer
Clemerson de Araújo Soares, Brazilian footballer
Ernesto da Conceição Soares, Cape Verdian footballer
Fabiano Vieira Soares, Brazilian footballer
Felipe Soares, Brazilian footballer
Geilson de Carvalho Soares, Brazilian footballer
Hermes Neves Soares, Brazilian footballer
Hiziel Souza Soares, known as Soares, Brazilian footballer
Irenio Soares, Brazilian footballer
Ivanildo Soares Cassamá, Portuguese footballer
João Soares da Mota Neto, Brazilian footballer
José Manuel Soares "Pepe", Portuguese footballer
Júlio César Soares Espíndola, Brazilian footballer
Louie Soares, English footballer
Luís Carlos Almada Soares (born 1986), Cape Verdean footballer
Mario Soares (footballer)
Nuno Miguel Soares Pereira Ribeiro, Portuguese footballer
Paulo Jorge Soares Gomes, Portuguese footballer
Paulo Jorge Sousa Gomes, Portuguese footballer
Renan Brito Soares, Brazilian footballer
Rodolfo Santos Soares, Brazilian footballer
Ronaldo Soares Giovanelli, Brazilian footballer
Tom Soares, English footballer
Other sports related
Bruno Soares, Brazilian professional tennis player
Filipe Soares Franco, Portuguese chairperson of the football club Sporting Club de Portugal
Joe Soares, American wheelchair rugby player
Josh Soares, Canadian professional ice hockey player
Luis Soares, Portuguese-French long-distance runner
Rui Soares (born 1993), Portuguese squash player
Tim Soares (born 1997), American-Brazilian basketball player for Ironi Ness Ziona of the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Togo Renan Soares, Brazilian basketball coach
Other
National Museum Soares dos Reis, Portuguese museum
Portuguese-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
Sømosen is a bog straddling the border between Ballerup (95%) and Herlev (5%) municipalities in the northwestern suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark. It formed some time between 8,000 and 13,000 BC. The water from the bog drains into Harrestrup Å to the south through Sømose Å. It was protected in 1951. The protected area was increased from 20 to 23 hectares in 2006.
Location
Sømosen is located between Frederikssundsvej to the south, Klausdalbrovej to the north, Lautrupparken to the west and Grønsvinget to the east
Description
About one third of the area consists of parkland. The remaining two thirds consists of open water with several small islands and reed forest to the north.
References
External links
Parks in Copenhagen
Protected areas of Ballerup Municipality
Daniel Ray Hull (1890–1964), sometimes stated Daniel P. Hull, was an American landscape architect who was responsible for much of the early planning of the built environment the national parks of the United States during the 1920s. Hull planned town sites, designed landscapes, and designed individual buildings for the Park Service, in private practice, and later for the California State Parks. A number of their works are listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Early life and education
Hull was born in Lincoln, Kansas on April 29, 1890, the son of O.U. Hull, and studied landscape architecture and city planning at the University of Illinois, receiving their degree in 1913. Hull was one of four students who studied intensively with civic planner Charles Mulford Robinson, who had published numerous texts on city planning. Hull received their Master of Landscape Architecture degree from Harvard University in 1914. Following a grand tour of Europe, Hull began to work in California. Hull had married Emma Dorothy Kammeger of Manhattan, Kansas., One of their first projects was the planning of the Montecito Country Estates subdivision in Montecito, California, working as well with Daniels, Osmont and Wilhelm in San Francisco. Daniels was at the time the Park Service's General Superintendent, and was in charge of a number of park improvement projects.
Early career
Hull was a U.S. Army officer during World War I, planning Army facilities in the Cantonment Division. From the Army, Hull moved to the National Park Service, which had been established in 1916 to assist chief Park Service landscape architect Charles Punchard. Punchard died in 1920 and Hull took over their position at age 30. The largest project in the Park Service at the time was the re-planning of the Yosemite Valley, and Hull moved there to oversee the work, assisted by a friend from their studies at the University of Illinois, Paul P. Keissig. At the same time, Hull initiated overall master planning projects for Yellowstone, Sequoia, Grand Canyon, and Mesa Verde national parks, as well as an overall plan for Yosemite. Hull's plans for Yosemite embodied the informal, natural principals promulgated by Frederick Law Olmsted, Jr. In addition to master planning, Hull worked on specific projects such as the administrative district at Mesa Verde and the Ash Mountain headquarters complex at Sequoia. In 1920 Hull was assigned the planning effort for Grand Canyon Village, a large-scale town planning exercise that sought to establish order at the previously haphazard South Rim of the Grand Canyon.
National Park Service Rustic
At a smaller scale, Hull directed design efforts on new administrative structures at the Giant Forest in Sequoia, using local materials such as rubble stone, logs and wood shingles to achieve an intentionally rustic look, a style that quickly evolved into the National Park Service Rustic style. Under the direction of Hull, the Landscape Engineering Division followed up by planning the Grand Canyon Superintendent's Residence in 1921, where the style was more consciously rustic and less referential to the Swiss Chalet style that prevailed among park concession structures at Grand Canyon and elsewhere. In 1922 Hull designed three ranger stations for Yellowstone. Hull is specifically credited as architect on a number of buildings, indicating their versatility and technical ability.
As the volume of Park Service building grew, Hull directed architects who implemented rustic design principals, including Myron Hunt at Yosemite Village and Thomas Chalmers Vint, who would become Hull's deputy in 1923. Hull also worked with independent architects such as Gilbert Stanley Underwood and Herbert Maier. Hull became close friends with Underwood, whom they had known from Illinois and Harvard, and moved the Landscape Division to Los Angeles, subletting space in the Underwood and Company offices in 1923. Hull continued in private practice during the winter months, with declining involvement through 1926, when they were described as a part-time employee. In 1926 Hull was investigated by the Department of the Interior, who found that their shared offices with Underwood, and their work arrangements in which Hull in their public capacity reviewed and approved their own work as a private contractor, amounted to a conflict of interest. Park Service Director Horace Albright recommended that Hull be dismissed, but then-Assistant Director Arno B. Cammerer supported Hull until 1927, when it became apparent that Hull was not meeting their Park Service obligations. In 1927 the Landscape Division moved to San Francisco. Hull resigned and Vint took over the director's position.
Later career
Following their departure from the Park Service, Hull kept up involvement in park design, working with architect Albert C. Martin on the 1927 Furnace Creek Inn in Death Valley and with Underwood on the Ahwahnee Hotel in Yosemite. Hull worked with Olmsted in 1927 on a survey of California for potential state park properties. During the Great Depression Hull approached Albright about a return to the Park Service, but was rebuffed by Albright. In 1934 Hull became Chief Landscape Engineer for the California State Park system. Hull published a design guide in 1944 that established the principles of the National Park Service Rustic style as a standard in the California parks. Hull died in Alhambra, California in 1964.
Works
Montecito Country Estates
Administration Building at Giant Forest, Sequoia National Park
Ash Mountain Administrative Complex, Sequoia National Park
Yosemite Village, Yosemite National Park
Lake Ranger Station, Yellowstone National Park
Grand Canyon National Park Superintendent's Residence (1921), a National Historic Landmark
Grand Canyon Village (1924), a National Historic Landmark District, master plan
Old Faithful Lodge (1927), Yellowstone National Park, assisted Gilbert Stanley Underwood
Ahwahnee Hotel (1927), Yosemite National Park, assisted Gilbert Stanley Underwood
Fall River Pass Ranger Station, Fall River Pass, Estes Park, Colorado (Hull,Daniel P.), NRHP-listed
Fern Lake Patrol Cabin, Fern Lake, Estes Park, Colorado (Hull,Daniel P.), NRHP-listed
Mendocino Woodlands Recreational Demonstration Area, 11301 Little Lake Road, Mendocino, California (Hull, Daniel R.), NRHP-listed
Milner Pass Road Camp Mess Hall and House, Milner Pass Rd., Estes Park, Colorado (Hull,Daniel L.), NRHP-listed
Work within Muir Woods National Monument, Muir Woods Rd., Mill Valley, California (Hull, D.; Nickel, E.; Skidmore, L.), NRHP-listed
Willow Park Patrol Cabin, Fall River Rd., Estes Park, Colorado (Hull,Daniel P.), NRHP-listed
Willow Park Stable, Fall River Pass, Estes Park, Colorado (Hull,Daniel P.), NRHP-listed
Work within Yosemite Valley, Yosemite National Park, Yosemite, California (Underwood,G.S.;Hull,D.;Vint,T.), NRHP-listed
Hull was also responsible for a number of buildings and landscape planning projects in Yellowstone, Glacier, Mount Rainier, Sequoia, Carlsbad Caverns, Rocky Mountain and Mesa Verde National Parks.
References
American landscape architects
1890 births
1964 deaths
Rustic style architects
People from Alhambra, California
Harvard Graduate School of Design alumni
People from Lincoln Center, Kansas
University of Illinois alumni
The Port of Mattawa is a port district in southern Grant County. Its creation was approved by the voters of Grant County, Washington state, on November 4, 1958. The City of Mattawa and Desert Aire are communities within the Port of Mattawa's district.
The port retains three major properties, Wahluke Industrial Park, Sentinel Gap Industrial Park and the Pat-Chee Industrial Park.
History
The port came into being on November 4, 1958 by the citizens of the Mattawa area. During the 1950s and 1960s, the port district focused on industrial development.
In 1964, the Port of Mattawa joined the Washington Public Ports Association.
In 1997 the port purchased properties for business development.
In 2008 the port received funding through loans and grants to create a wastewater facility for wine processing.
Management
The current Executive Director, since 2014, is Lars Leland. There are also three members of the Board of Commissioners: Verlyn Coulson (District 1), Lauri Dayton (District 2), and Glenn Leland (District 3).
References
Mattawa
Jahanabad (, also Romanized as Jahānābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 487, in 117 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Silver Deputy (February 25, 1985, in Ontario – October 4, 2014) was a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known as a top sire in North America. They were a son of Deputy Minister, who was an Eclipse and Sovereign Award winning runner and the 1997/98 Leading sire in North America. Their dam was Silver Valley, a daughter of Mr. Prospector, the 1987/88 Leading sire in North America and nine-time Leading broodmare sire in North America.
Silver Deputy was purchased for $200,000 by Windfields Farm of Oshawa, Ontario at the Fasig-Tipton July 1986 select yearling auction in Kentucky. After they won the Grade III Swynford Stakes at Woodbine Racetrack, an injury ended their racing career and they began stallion duty in 1989. They initially stood at stud Windfields Farm in Canada, but their immediate success led to demand from United States breeders and they were sent to stand at Brookdale Farm near Versailles, Kentucky, where they became one of the most consistent stallions in the state.
Stud record
A sire of more than 75 stakes winners, Silver Deputy produced Hall of Fame inductee Silverbulletday. Their other top runners include:
Archers Bay, 1998 Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Male Horse, won Queen's Plate, Prince of Wales Stakes
Atago Taisho, millionaire multiple stakes winner in Japan
Badge of Silver, millionaire multiple stakes winner in the United States
Bare Necessities, millionaire multiple stakes winner in the United States
Crown Attorney, multiple stakes winner in Canada. Career earnings of US$993,959
Deputy Jane West, Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Filly & Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Filly
Larkwhistle, Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Filly
Divine Silver, multi-millionaire multiple stakes winner in Japan
Mr. Jester, multiple stakes winner in the United States. Career earnings of US$785,400
Poetically, Canadian Champion Two-Year-Old Filly
Pool Land, stakes wins include G1 Ruffian Handicap
Pool Play, stakes wins include G1 Stephen Foster Handicap
Posse, multiple stakes winner in the United States. Career earnings of US$662,841
Al's Deputy, multiple stakes winner gelding in the United States, including winning George W. Barker Handicap (Black Type) winner of US$218,025
Scotzanna, Canadian Champion Three-Year-Old Filly & Canadian Champion Sprint Horse
Silver Ticket, multiple stakes winner in Canada. Career earnings of US$549,170
Silverbulletday, American Champion Two-Year-Old Filly & American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly, National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame
Silver Deputy was pensioned in September 2008.
Pedigree
References
1985 racehorse births
2014 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Canada
Racehorses trained in Canada
Thoroughbred family 2-s
Darko Maletić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дарко Малетић; born 20 October 1980) is a Bosnian professional football manager and former player who is the manager of First League of RS club Ljubić Prnjavor.
They hold a peculiar record: they played in the UEFA Cup for five clubs from five countries (Rapid Wien, Publikum Celje, Zenit Saint Petersburg, Partizan and Aktobe).
Club career
They started their career with their hometown club FK Borac Banja Luka. In the summer of 2001 they moved to SK Rapid Wien. From January 2002 to the summer of 2004 they played for Publikum Celje of Slovenia. They then moved to Russia where they played for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg (2004) and FC Shinnik Yaroslavl (2005). After six months with Romanian club FC Vaslui (2006), Maletić signed for Serbian giants FK Partizan where they won double crown before they moved to TuS Koblenz in January 2009.
International career
When Fuad Muzurović became the Bosnian-Herzegovinian national team's coach, the 26-year-old Maletić received their first call for a match against Norway in March 2007. They made their debut in the 82nd minute, replacing Adnan Čustović. Bosnia and Herzegovina won the match 2–1.
They played seven games in the UEFA Euro 2008 qualifying but after Miroslav Blažević became coach, they dropped from the squad. After showing good form for Borac Banja Luka in the domestic league in 2011, they were recalled by coach Safet Sušić for the match against Romania in March. They were again called up for the matches against Romania away and Albania at home in June, and responded by scoring their first goal for the national team, against Albania. Maletić earned a total of 18 caps, scoring 1 goal.
Their final international was a February 2012 friendly match against Brazil.
International goals
Honours
Player
Partizan
Serbian SuperLiga: 2007–08
Serbian Cup: 2007–08
Borac Banja Luka
Bosnian Premier League: 2010–11
References
External links
Darko Maletić at prvaliga.si
Image of Darko Maletić
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Banja Luka
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina international footballers
FK Borac Banja Luka players
SK Rapid Wien players
NK Celje players
FC Zenit Saint Petersburg players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Vaslui players
FK Partizan players
TuS Koblenz players
FC Aktobe players
FC Irtysh Pavlodar players
FK Velež Mostar players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Russian Premier League players
Liga I players
Serbian SuperLiga players
2. Bundesliga players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Bosnia and Herzegovina football managers
FK Laktaši managers
Hershey Run is a stream located in New Castle County, Delaware. It is a tributary of White Clay Creek.
It rises on the edge of the Belvedere subdivision on the outskirts of Newport, Delaware and flows southward along the western edge of that town. To the west of the run lies Bread and Cheese Island, cut off by a partly filled back channel between Hershey Run and Red Clay Creek. New Castle County's Pleasant Hills Park lies along the run in the vicinity of the junction with the back channel. At the southern end of the park, the run enters a tidal marsh which extends to its mouth, near the end of the White Clay.
The nearby Koppers railroad tie treatment plant heavily contaminated the run with creosote.
See also
List of rivers of Delaware
References
Rivers of Delaware
Rivers of New Castle County, Delaware
Tributaries of the Christina River
Huruiești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Căpotești, Florești, Fundoaia, Huruiești, Ocheni, Perchiu and Prădaiș.
Natives
Vasile Pârvan
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Shaughnessy is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within the Lethbridge County. It is located on Highway 25, approximately north of Lethbridge. It is named after Baron Shaughnessy, chairperson of the mining company that ran the town.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Shaughnessy had a population of 388 living in 150 of its 162 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of 415. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
As a designated place in the 2016 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Shaughnessy had a population of 415 living in 160 of its 167 total private dwellings, a change of from its 2011 population of 384. With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of designated places in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Designated places in Alberta
Lethbridge County
Mariya Dimova may refer to:
Mariya Dimova (skier)
Mariya Dimova (snowboarder)
The Monroe Commercial District in Monroe, Wisconsin is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
The district is roughly bounded by 15th and 18th Aves., 9th and 13th Streets. It included 78 contributing buildings.
It includes the old downtown of Monroe, centered on the courthouse square. Includes the Monroe Planing Mill with its frame part built in the 1840s, the 1861 Romanesque Revival Universalist Church, the 1866 Green County House, the 1870 Italianate Jailhouse Tap, the 1872 Italianate Treat Block, the 1890 Queen Anne-styled Chenoweth Building, the 1904 Neoclassical Ludlow Memorial Library, and the 1931 Art Deco Goetz Theatre.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Green County, Wisconsin
Early Commercial architecture in the United States
Buildings and structures completed in 1850
Lost in Paris (original title: Paris pieds nus) is a 2016 French-Belgian comedy film written, directed and co-produced by Dominique Abel and Fiona Gordon, starring Gordon as a Canadian librarian who meets a homeless man (played by Abel) in Paris. The film also features Emmanuelle Riva and Pierre Richard. The film had its world premiere at the Telluride Film Festival on 2 September 2016. It received three nominations at the 8th Magritte Awards, including Best Film, and won Best Editing for Sandrine Deegen.
Plot
When they are a little girl Fiona's (Fiona Gordon) aunt Martha moves from Canada to Paris.
Years later, Fiona receives a letter from their aunt Martha which asks them to come to Paris to help them since they are about to be forced into an old age home since they are 88.
Fiona arrives in Paris only to find their aunt missing. Posing for a photo near the Eiffel tower they fall into the Seine and loses their backpack and belongings. The backpack is found by Dom (Dominique Abel) who lives in a tent by the river. They use Fiona's money to treat themselves to dinner at an expensive restaurant where they run into Fiona. The two dance and they offer to walk their home. While they are paying Fiona notices that they are wearing their purse and confronts him. They run away from them and they fall in the Seine a second time.
Dom realizes they are in love with Fiona and returns their backpack to the Canadian embassy where they retrieve it. They go in search of their aunt, but is told they are dead and the funeral is happening that day. They go to the funeral, Dom following behind. When they arrive they are asked to give a eulogy and Dom does, despite not knowing aunt Martha, at first saying generic pleasantries before giving an impassioned speech that Martha was a secret racist who hated badly dressed people as well as the homeless. During the reception Fiona realizes that they are at the funeral of Marthe, their aunt's friend. Going to the coffin to check on the body, Dom accidentally gets their tie caught in the coffin lid, and Fiona gets their nose stuck in the elevator trying to help him. When they are revived they are handed an urn containing the remains of Marthe, which they think also includes Dom's ashes. In reality Dom is fine, though when Fiona learns this they slap them angrily.
Meanwhile, Martha has been on the run from nurses from a retirement home that keep visiting her, hoping to persuade them to move in. They cross paths with Dom several times and nearly crosses paths with Fiona. After Fiona slaps them Dom goes home to their tent and gets drunk, running into Martha who is hiding out in that location. They offer them some of their champagne.
Later that night Fiona falls asleep in Martha's apartment, while Dom falls asleep in their tent with Martha. Dom and Fiona have an erotic dream about each other, leading Dom to have sex with Martha. Afterwards, Martha goes outside and retrieves Fiona's phone from a garbage bin. The two call each other and briefly connect, with Martha saying they have been drinking champagne in New York while sleeping with an attractive man. Fiona puts the clues together to find that Martha is on Île aux Cygnes near the replica of the Statue of Liberty. Arriving and seeing Dom, they realize that they and their aunt had sex, but asks them to help them find their aunt. They have their dog pick up their scent which leads them to the Eiffel Tower.
Fiona and Dom climb up the Eiffel Tower where they find Martha asleep in a satellite dish. The three pause and admire the view of the city before Martha dies.
After their cremation a small ceremony with Fiona and Dom is held at Île aux Cygnes before they throw their ashes in the Seine. Fiona then reveals that they always intended to learn French and asks Dom if they will help them They agree.
Cast
Fiona Gordon as Fiona
Emmy Boissard Paumelle as young Fiona
Dominique Abel as Dom
Emmanuelle Riva as Martha
Céline Laurentie as young Martha
Pierre Richard as Norman
Charlotte Dubery as La lectrice
Frédéric Meert as Bob the Mountie
Philippe Martz as Martin
Isabelle de Hertogh as The laundery lover
Olivier Parenty as Embassy employee
Reception
Critical reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 83% based on 47 reviews, and an average rating of 6.9/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "Lost in Paris is whimsical to a fault, but its fanciful light-heartedness earns the audience's indulgence with charming performances and an infectious absurdity." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 74 out of 100, based on 14 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Accolades
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy films
2010s French-language films
2010s English-language films
French comedy films
Belgian comedy films
English-language Belgian films
English-language French films
French-language Belgian films
2010s French films
Natacha may refer to:
Natacha (comics), a Franco-Belgian comics series
Natacha (novel), a children's book by Luis Pescetti
Natacha (given name), people with the given name Natacha
Polikarpov R-Z nickname in the Spanish Republican Air Force
Lucky Days (), also known as I Love You in the Second Round, is a 2010 Taiwanese television series starring Tammy Chen and Chris Wang which first premiered on January 8, 2010 on TTV and SETTV.
Synopsis
The only reason money-grabbing magazine editor Chen Miao Ru and unambitious working man Ren Xiao Guo got married was because of money. Miao Ru got caught in a financial bind due flipping houses. Pooling their resources was the only to prevent a financial crisis of their own. However, married life was nothing like their peaceful dating life. Soon, they were on the verge of divorce. Yet, Ren doesn't to divorce. A mysterious computer with a program in the county clerk's bathroom allowing them to time travel to their past and make changes.
Cast
Main
Tammy Chen as Chen Miao-ju
Chris Wang as Jen Hsiao-kuo
Supporting
Fan Kuan-yao as Huang Yung-yuan
A Hsi as Chen Kun-shan
Lin Mei-hsiu as Lin Mei-man
Ma Nien-hsien as Tsai Yu-min
Chiang Li-li as Mrs. Huang
Tu Tai-Feng as Ke Ai
Kuan Yung as Jen's Dad
Ying Tsai-ling as Jen's Mom
Lin Wei-lias Jen Hsiao-chieh
Mario as Hsu Mao-heng
Yvonne Yao as Ms. Chi
Hu Ying-chen as Fang Yen-hsiu
Ke Shu-yuan as Mr. Hsiao
Jessica Song as Chen Hsin-ju
Wang Chien-min as Abra Yu
Chen Yu-fang as Chiu Shu-chuan
Peggy Fu as Mimi
Publications
References
External links
TTV Official Website
SETTV Official Blog
Taiwan Television original programming
Sanlih E-Television original programming
2010 Taiwanese television series debuts
2010 Taiwanese television series endings
Television shows written by Mag Hsu
This article is a chronologically-ordered list of the locations where the composer Joseph Haydn lived.
Haydn, who lived from 1732 to 1809, spent most of their life in a small region near Vienna no more than about 50 km. across, shown on the map at the right. This region was politically part of the Habsburg Empire; for reference the map shows the boundaries of modern-day Austria (green), Hungary (yellow), and Slovakia (pink).
Chronological list
The approximate dates in each location are as follows.
1732–1737: the tiny village of Rohrau. Haydn's early-childhood home, at Obere Hauptstrasse 25, has been restored many times since Haydn's day and is currently a Haydn museum.
1737–1739 or 1740: the small town of Hainburg, in the home of their distant relative, the schoolmaster and choral director Johann Mathias Franck, who gave them their first formal training as a musician.
1740-ca. 1757: Vienna, as follows:
1740-November (?) 1749: the Kapellhaus, quarters for choirboys at St. Stephen's Cathedral. Haydn sang under the direction of Georg Reutter and continued their musical training.
November 1749-Spring/Summer 1750: Following the loss of their soprano voice (hence dismissal from St. Stephens) Haydn shared crowded lodgings with the family of Johann Michael Spangler, a professional singer at the St. Michael's church who had participated in performances with Haydn.
1750- various locations in Vienna, starting out with an unheated garret room in the Michaelerhaus, attached to the Michaelerkirche.
Journeys during this period:
Shortly after ending their service as a chorister, Haydn made a pilgrimage to Mariazell.
Summer 1753: Spent in the spa town of Mannersdorf, in company with their employer and teacher Nicola Porpora. Haydn served Porpora as accompanist and valet; Porpora in turn was serving the mistress of the Venetian ambassador Correr; they were visiting the spa for the summer. At parties hosted by Prince Hildburghausen, Haydn met a number of eminent composers also visiting the spa: Gluck, Wagenseil and Bonno
1757–1761: In the employ of Count Morzin. Winters in Vienna, summers at the Count's estate in Dolní Lukavice, often referred to as Lukavec, now in the Czech Republic. For details, including the unclarity of the dates given, see Count Morzin.
1761–1766: Vice-Kapellmeister to the Esterházys. In these early years, the Esterházy court spent some of the time in its palace on the Wallnerstrasse in Vienna, some of the time in the family's ancestral seat, Schloss Esterházy, in the small town of Eisenstadt about 40 km. away. Haydn bought a house in Eisenstadt (shown) in 1766, on their promotion to full Kapellmeister.
1766–1790: the Esterházy court gradually shifted its time away from the old Vienna-Eisenstadt arrangement to a system involving the new palace at Esterháza, built starting in the 1760s at Fertőd in modern-day Hungary, about 40 km. from Eisenstadt. Initially, Esterháza was visited only during the summer; by 1778 this had expanded to ten months per year; and Haydn sold their house in Eisenstadt. At Esterháza Haydn lived in a house in the grounds of the palace (at Madach sétány 1, now a music museum (Muzsikaház) and gallery).
Journeys during this period:
In the late 1760s the Esterházy court made various journeys to their palaces in Pressburg (modern-day Bratislava) and at Kittsee, just across the Danube from Pressburg.
In the mid-1770s Haydn performed with their orchestra at the palace the Esterházys maintained near Pressburg (today called Bratislava and capital of Slovakia).
1790, approx. October–December: following the death of their patron Nikolaus Esterházy on September 28, Haydn settled in Vienna, renting rooms from their friend Johann Nepomuk Hamberger, who was an official in the Lower Austrian government. The address was Wasserkunstbastei no. 1196 (first numbering); entrance on Seilerstätte no. 21. Mrs. Haydn continued to rent rooms from Hamberger during Haydn's absence in London. The building was later inhabited by Beethoven (1801) and was rebuilt in 1805.
January 1791 – June 1792: London. The city is 1237 km. from Vienna , and thus vastly farther than any other location where Haydn lived.
January–May 1791: #18, Great Pulteney Street, a lodging house where Haydn's host and collaborator Johann Peter Salomon also lived. Haydn did their work in a room provided them by the Broadwood piano firm, across the way at #33.
May–July 1791. Seeking quiet in which to compose, Haydn moved to a farm in the then rural district of Lisson Grove. Haydn left when the farm was sold in July.
August–September 1791. In the country at the home of the banker Nathanael Brassey. From historical records Scott deduces that this was called Roxford, in the village of Hertingfordbury, 21 miles to the north of London in Hertfordshire. Unlike any of the other places where Haydn lived while in England, this home is still standing.
Late September 1791. Probably back at #18, Great Pulteney Street.
Journeys during this period:
July 1791: Oxford, where they were awarded an honorary doctorate by the University in a grand ceremony.
End of November 1791: Haydn also visited Cambridge, on their way to the home of Patrick Blake in Langham, Suffolk
14 June 1792: Windsor Castle, then Ascot for the races. The following day to Slough (visit to astronomer/musician William Herschel).
July 1792 – January 1794: rented lodgings in Vienna
February 1794 – August 1795: London, #1, Bury Street St. James.
Journeys during this period:
Starting 9 July 1794: Hampton Court, Gosport, Portsmouth, the Isle of Wight, and Winchester
Early August, 1794: Bath and Bristol, .
26 August 1794: on a visit to Sir Charles Rich in Farnham, the ruins of Waverley Abbey
September 1795 – May 1809: Vienna, as follows
September 1795 – 1797: lodgings on the Neuer Markt in the old city
1797–1809: a house Haydn purchased in Windmühle, then a suburb of Vienna, nowadays part of the city's 6th Bezirk, Mariahilf. The address was then Steingasse 73, today it is Haydngasse 19; the house serves as a Haydn museum.
During the earlier years of this period, Haydn also spent time in Eisenstadt organizing and directing the newly reconstituted Esterházy orchestra. 1796-1803 Haydn spent all summer months in Eisenstadt composing their masses for the nameday of Princess Hermenegild Esterházy – most of them were performed under Haydn's baton at the Bergkirche in Eisenstadt – where Haydn is buried now.
Notes
References
Griesinger, Georg August (1810) Biographical Notes Concerning Joseph Haydn, reprinted in English translation in Vernon Gotwals (1963) Haydn: Two Contemporary Portraits. Milwaukee: University of Wisconsin Press. .
Jones, David Wyn (2009) "Haydn, Franz Joseph". Article in David Wyn Jones, ed., Oxford Composer Companions: Haydn. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Larsen, Jens Peter and Georg Feder (1997) The New Grove Haydn. W. W. Norton & Company. .
Pohl, Carl Ferdinand Pohl and Hugo Botstiber (1875) Joseph Haydn. A. Sacco Nachfolger. Available on Google Books:
Robbins Landon, H. C. (1959) The Collected Correspondence and London Notebooks of Joseph Haydn. London: Barrie and Rockliff.
Robbins Landon, H. C. (1976) Haydn: Chronicle and Works, Volume 3. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
Robbins Landon, H. C. and David Wyn Jones (1988) Haydn: Their Life and Music, Thames and Hudson.
Schnerich, Alfred (1922) Joseph Haydn und seine Sendung. Amalthea-verlag. Available at Google Books:
Scott, Marion (1951) "Haydn lived here!" Music & Letters 38–44. Available from JSTOR.
Webster, James and Georg Feder (2001) "Joseph Haydn", article in the New Grove Encyclopedia of Music and Musicians. Available as a fee site online, and published separately (2002) as The New Grove: Haydn.
Klaus Martin Kopitz, Haydns Wiener Wohnungen. Einige Anmerkungen und Korrekturen. In: Die Tonkunst, Jg. 3, Nr. 3 vom Juli 2009, S. 324–328, klaus-martin-kopitz.de (PDF)
External links
Haydn's birth home, from the Austrian Ministry of Education, Science, and Culture.
Website of the Haydnhaus, the Haydn museum located in Haydn's final Vienna home.
Michael Lorenz, "Einige Korrekturen und Ergänzungen zu Klaus Martin Kopitz' Aufsatz 'Anmerkungen und Korrekturen zu Haydns Wiener Wohnungen'". Discussion (in German) of the documentary evidence concerning several of Haydn's Vienna residences.
Residences, list of
Yates is a British pub chain, founded as Yates's Wine Lodge in Oldham, Lancashire, by Peter and Simon Yates in 1884.
History
Yates is Britain's oldest pub chain. Its motto was moderation is true temperance. Peter Yates (22 April 1854–1944), the founder, came from Preston. They were sent to Spain to learn about wine, and their brother went to the US to learn about business methods.
The first Yates Wine Lodge opened in Oldham in 1884.
Ownership
Public company
It was owned by the Yates Group plc (Yates Brothers Wine Lodges plc) from 23 July 1994. Yates Group also owned Ha! Ha! Bar & Canteen. It also operated pubs under the Blob Shop and Addisons name. In the late 1990s its share price rose, it reached 550 p in 1998; its highest.
In June 2001, it entered takeover talks with Luminar Group. In July 2001 it withdrew from takeover talks and said it would sell off 25 of its pubs, later putting 18 up for sale. On 1 November 2001 it sold 8 pubs to Morrells for £4 million, with four being in Grantham, Slough, Solihull and Tunbridge Wells.
In October 2003, Yates sold its Aussie White fortified brand to Halewood International for £1 million.
Management buyout
When 30% of the company was owned by the Dickson and Yates family, in June 2004 the company had a management buyout (MBO) offer funded by GI Partners. The company was valued at £98.4 million at 140 p a share. The company employed 4,000 people. GI Partners only received 16% of acceptances from shareholders, not the 90% it was looking for, but the bid proceeded in October 2004.
Takeover by Laurel Pub Company
By 2005 the group had grown to 125 Yates's and 25 Ha! Ha! bars. In April 2005, the company was approached by the Tchenguiz-owned Laurel Pub Company and a £200 million merger was completed on 20 May 2005. A few weeks later, Laurel bought many of the sites belonging to the bankrupt SFI group who owned Slug and Lettuce.
Administration
On 27 March 2008, Laurel was put into administration.
Business
There are still more than 70 Yates pubs or bars in the UK, although there is no longer one in Oldham. The site of the original Yates's Wine Lodge is now a McDonald's and is marked by a plaque on Oldham High Street. Some Yates have been converted to Slug and Lettuce pubs in recent years.
Yates's Aussie White continues to be made by Halewood International and is sold in 35-centilitre, 70-centilitre and 1.5-litre containers.
References
External links
Official website (archived)
1884 establishments in the United Kingdom
Companies based in Luton
Companies based in Oldham
Restaurants established in 1884
Companies formerly listed on the London Stock Exchange
History of Oldham
Pub chains
Stonegate Pub Company
Ardgoil is an estate in Argyll & Bute, Scotland. It is part of the Argyll forest park and is within the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. The Ardgoil estate is managed as part of the Argyll forest park by Forestry Commission Scotland. The Ardgoil estate is publicly owned land with the land title held for the public by the ministers of the Scottish Parliament. In the past the Ardgoil estate was also known as the city of Glasgow's Highland estate.
History
The story of the Ardgoil estate begins in 1905 when another land estate in Argyll & Bute was put up for sale. In April 1905 the Ardkinglas estate was put up for sale. The estate was offered as one lot, but if not sold, it would be offered as two sections called the "Loch Fyne Section" and the "Loch Goil & Loch Long Section". There was no offer for the whole estate, and the Liberal Party politician Archibald Cameron Corbett arranged to purchase the "Loch Goil & Loch Long Section". Corbett was the Member of Parliament for Glasgow Tradeston at the time, and they made the purchase with the aim of giving it to the city of Glasgow. In July 1905, Corbett sent a letter to the Lord Provost of Glasgow at the time, Sir John Ure Primrose, informing them of the purchase. A copy of Corbett's letter is shown below. The size of the land purchased was .
New Club, Glasgow, 28th July 1905
My Dear Lord Provost,
I have just agreed to purchase a part of the Ardkinglas estate with the object of handing over the three sheep farms lying between Loch Long and Loch Goil to the Corporation of Glasgow. The extent of the land is about . As it is not possible in many cases for the public to have access to mountains in this neighbourhood, it seems to me desirable that our fellow-citizens should have a mountain territory which will be their own for all time. My usual clause against the sale of liquor would be a condition of the conveyance. I should also make it a condition that the revenue derived from the property should be diverted to the purpose of making it more accessible to our citizens, whether by ferry or other means. My general object is to preserve a grand and rugged region for the best use of those who love the freedom of the mountains and wild natural beauty. While I would not object to the erection of simple cottages, I should greatly repel anything being done which would disturb the naturalness of such scenery, and would suggest that our artists might be consulted before any step affecting its aspect be taken. While I make the two restrictions and one earnest suggestion, I trust that none of these will be felt by the Corporation to interfere in an undesirable way with their freedom to do their best for the citizens, or to imply any limitation of the heartiness with which I appreciate your own and their public services.
Yours sincerely
A. Cameron Corbett
The gift was accepted and for the moment the land was called the Ardkinglas property. The Corporation of Glasgow arranged an official inspection of the Ardkinglas property on Saturday 7 October 1905. The Ardkinglas property consisted of of mountain territory lying between Loch Long and Loch Goil. It is a triangular piece of land in length and around at its widest point. An area called Argyll's Bowling Green is part of the estate. Three farms were included in the gift and they are Beach, Coilessan and Lochgoilhead. In November 1905 Corbett contacted the Lord Provost stating that they wanted to add some more land to the gift. They proposed adding the farm of Pole near Lochgoilhead, which was in size. The additional gift was accepted and this brought the Ardkinglas property to in size. Mr Corbett said they did not want the name of the property to be in any way connected with him, so the Corporation of Glasgow decided to call the Ardkinglas property "Ardgoil". The land was legally transferred to the Corporation of Glasgow in June 1906. In December 1911, under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) act 1899, the Corporation of Glasgow were given the power to allow them to appropriate estate land for afforestation, construct roads, bridges, piers and ferries for the utilisation and development of the estate. They were also given the power to sell, feu and lease the estate or portions of the estate.
Between 1928 and 1929, the Corporation of Glasgow made a feu agreement with the Forestry Commission for two sections of the Ardgoil estate to be used for afforestation purposes. These sections were to be called "Pole" and "Coilessan". The Pole section consisted of and the Coilessan section consisted of . In 1965 the Corporation of Glasgow made arrangements to transfer the Ardgoil estate into public ownership at an agreed price to the tax payer of £156,450. It was to be managed by the Forestry Commission as part of the Argyll forest park. The Corporation of Glasgow included three main conditions/burdens on the sale of the Ardgoil Estate. These were:
(One) The lands shall be used by the Forestry Commission for their functions under the Forestry Act 1967 and for no other purpose whatsoever unless with written consent from the Corporation of Glasgow.
(Two) The feuars shall be obliged to comply with the conditions of the said Deed of Gift in so far as it is possible and practicable for them to do so to ensure that the basic objects attaching to the said Deed of Gift shall be observed.
(Three) The lands will remain as part of Argyll Forest Park.
In August 1967 the Ardgoil estate land title was transferred to the Secretary of State for Scotland and into public ownership. In 1999 all land titles (including the Ardgoil estate) held by the Secretary of State for Scotland were transferred to the ministers of the new Scottish Parliament.
Since the Forestry Commission took over the management of the Ardgoil Estate, it has made 55 disposals of Ardgoil estate land amounting to . The most recent was in 2009 to Dunbritton Housing Association for the price of £115,000. The total size of the Ardgoil Estate is . This means around 16% of the Ardgoil estate has been sold yet the lands were to remain as part of the Argyll Forest Park.
See also
Argyll's Bowling Green
References
Holiday Glasgow Or, Ardkinglas The City's Highland Estate by John Orr, M.A.
The Scotsman, Saturday 8 April 1905
The Scotsman, Friday 4 August 1905
The Scotsman, Monday 9 October 1905
The Scotsman, Friday 24 November 1905
The Edinburgh Gazette, 17 November 1911
External links
Scotsman newspaper
Geography of Argyll and Bute
Highland Estates
"All Prologue" is the sixth episode of the second season of the HBO original series The Wire. The episode was written by David Simon from a story by David Simon & Ed Burns and was directed by Steve Shill. It originally aired on July 6, 2003.
Plot
When Omar is called into court (without proper attire besides a flamboyant tie), they identify Bird and the weapon used to kill William Gant. As they observe the trial, Stringer discusses with McNulty whether Omar truly did witness the Gant murder. Levy subjects Omar to a harsh cross-examination, but Omar quickly turns the attacks back on Levy. After the jury returns a guilty verdict, Judge Daniel Phelan refuses Levy's request for an appeal bond and states that they will almost certainly sentence Bird to life in prison. Afterward, McNulty asks Omar if they really saw Bird commit the murder. Omar responds, "You're really askin'?".
Freamon tells Daniels that Frank lives within their means, while their stevedores union is in financial trouble. Freamon and Prez have found a paper trail through campaign finance records linking the union to $70,000 in contributions. Herc reports that they have had success making street-level hand-to-hands, but have found no ties between portside drug dealers and the union. Beadie suggests that the union is making extra money by facilitating smuggling through the port. Daniels reassigns Prez and Greggs to focus on the vice trade, and Freamon works with Russell and Bunk to look at container movements.
McNulty visits their wife at their real estate office and they agree to go on a date with them on Friday night. When they go to dinner, McNulty drinks only wine and lies to Elena, claiming that he's not drinking so much anymore. They say she's still angry with them but when McNulty asks for a chance to reunite with her, they invite them to bed instead. Later, over drinks, Bunk laments the pressure they feel from Rawls, while McNulty says they want to make another go of things with Elena.
Greggs meets with Shardene Innes for help tracking down Eastern European girls working in the vice trade. They discuss their strip club assignment with Cheryl, who is angry that Greggs has returned to detective work and insists on accompanying them A friend of Shardene's tells the detectives that there is a madam who organizes the girls and keeps them at a motel, where they are under guard when not working. After visiting the club, Greggs takes Cheryl to the port and explains how the Jane Does die. Beadie shows Bunk and Daniels how to track container movements on the computer. Beadie and Freamon are able to tie the missing containers to Horseface.
Nick asks Vondas for help in resolving Ziggy's problems with Cheese. Nick later tags along with Serge to the latter's meeting with Cheese and watches from the car as Serge and their associates draw guns on Cheese's crew. Serge then arranges a meeting in which Proposition Joe agrees to compensate Ziggy for the torched car. However, Joe makes it clear that Ziggy and Nick would both be dead if not for their association with the Greeks. Nick, Ziggy, and Johnny Fifty deliver the chemicals in exchange for drugs. Tempted by the additional payoff and Ziggy's pleas, Nick opts to take half the payment in cash and the rest in drugs. After a union meeting, Nick goes to the bar and gives Ziggy their compensation. Ziggy ostentatiously lights a cigarette with a $100 bill, causing Frank to leave in disgust. Outside, they ask Ziggy where they got their money and how they got their bruises.
Stringer delivers an envelope of cash to Leech, a contact from Washington, D.C., concerning a contract killing. Brianna visits D'Angelo and tries to persuade them to use Avon's set-up of Tilghman to shave time from their sentence. D'Angelo refuses, reminding their mother that they taught them to stand up for himself. They tell them to let them deal with things on their own and to take the fall for the Barksdale Organization. They then asks them to tell Stringer, Avon, and Donette to leave them alone. D'Angelo passes Avon in the corridor and refuses to talk to him. While working in the prison library, D'Angelo is followed by an inmate named Mugs. Mug garrotes D'Angelo with a leather strap, then ties it to a doorknob and places D'Angelo's hands in their pants, making their death appear to be the result of suicide.
Production
Epigraph
D'Angelo makes this comment when discussing F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel The Great Gatsby and the theme of Gatsby's inability to escape their past and who they were no matter how much they tried to cover it, a sentiment that D'Angelo shares as they are unable to escape that they are a Barksdale. It also refers to Jimmy McNulty's attempts at reconciliation with their wife.
Credits
Starring cast
Although credited, John Doman and Deirdre Lovejoy do not appear in this episode.
Guest stars
Seth Gilliam as Detective Ellis Carver
Domenick Lombardozzi as Detective Thomas "Herc" Hauk
Jim True-Frost as Detective Roland "Prez" Pryzbylewski
James Ransone as Ziggy Sobotka
Pablo Schreiber as Nick Sobotka
Melanie Nicholls-King as Cheryl
Callie Thorne as Elena McNulty
Michael K. Williams as Omar Little
Michael Hyatt as Brianna Barksdale
Michael Kostroff as Maurice Levy
Susan Rome as ASA Ilene Nathan
Robert F. Chew as Proposition Joe
Wendy Grantham as Shardene Innes
Lev Gorens as Eton Ben-Eleazer
Charley Scalies as Thomas "Horseface" Pakusa
Fredro Starr as Marquis "Bird" Hilton
Chris Ashworth as Sergei Malatov
Luray Cooper as Nat Coxson
Erik Todd Dellums as ME Randall Frazier
Jeffrey Fugitt as Officer Claude Diggins
Richard Price as book group leader
Uncredited appearances
Peter Gerety as Judge Daniel Phelan
Harold L. Able, Sr. as Moonshot
J. Valenteen Gregg as Chess
Doug Lory as Little Big Roy
Bus Howard as Vernon "Ott" Mottley
Jeffrey Pratt Gordon as Johnny "Fifty" Spamanto
Dakota Anderson as Mugs
Jacques Derosena as Leech
Toni Hunter as Stripper
First appearances
Eton Ben-Eleazer: Israeli lieutenant in charge of The Greek's drug supply operation.
Reception
Omar Little's courtroom scene in this episode has been described as the character's "defining scene" and was among actor Michael K. Williams' favorites.
The Futon Critic named it the ninth best episode of 2003, saying "There's simply been nobody like Omar (Michael K. Williams) on television before and they absolutely steal the show in this episode as he's called on to testify for the D.A.'s office. After being grilled by the defense for their less than moral activities, Omar responds with an amazing, funny and cheer inducing monologue about the legal system."
The episode was also praised as a 'seminal moment for the series'. The tragic death of D'Angelo Barksdale was highlighted, with one reviewer stating that the episode drew on the show's 'incredible wealth of character and story background' to 'forge a powerfully emotional and meaningful episode'.
Ratings
The episode drew an average of 4.11 million viewers and was the second most watched program on cable television (after lead-in Sex and The City) for the week ending July 7, 2003.
References
External links
"All Prologue" at HBO.com
The Wire (season 2) episodes
2003 American television episodes
Television episodes written by David Simon
Hoseynabad-e Nazer (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Nāz̧er) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 197, in 63 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Lyon-Vaise Hoard is a 3rd-century ancient Roman hoard of precious objects, found in Lyon (Roman Lugdunum) in 1992 and now on display in the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon. It includes dishes, jewellery, statuettes and coins. It was buried for fear of Germanic raids and the coins in it allow its burial to be dated to after 258 (perhaps during the 259 raid).
Some pieces are displayed in the Gallo-Roman Museum of Lyon:
Roman Lyon
Treasure troves of France
Treasure troves of late antiquity
9th arrondissement of Lyon
The C connector is a type of RF connector used for terminating coaxial cable. The interface specifications for the C and many other connectors are referenced in MIL-STD-348. The connector uses two-stud bayonet-type locks. The C connector was invented by Amphenol engineer Carl Concelman. It is weatherproof without being overly bulky. The mating arrangement is similar to that of the BNC connector. It can be used up to 11 GHz, and is rated for up to 1500 volts.
See also
USB-C (also called Type C connector)
References
RF connectors
A debtor in possession or DIP in United States bankruptcy law is a person or corporation who has filed a bankruptcy petition, but remains in possession of property upon which a creditor has a lien or similar security interest. A debtor becomes the debtor in possession after filing the bankruptcy petition. A corporation which continues to operate its business under Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings is a debtor in possession.
Under certain circumstances, the debtor in possession may be able to keep the property by paying the creditor the fair market value, as opposed to the contract price. For example, where the property is a personal vehicle which has depreciated since the time of the purchase, and which the debtor needs to find or continue employment to pay off their debts, the debtor may pay the creditor for the fair market value of the car to keep it.
See also
Debtor-in-possession financing
Seniority (financial)
Bail out (finance)
Default (finance)
Distressed securities
Insolvency
Liquidation
Bankruptcy alternatives
Notes
United States bankruptcy law
Athens is an unincorporated community in Athens Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
Main routes include Isanti County Road 9 (269th Avenue NE), Isanti County Road 56 (261st Avenue NE), and State Highway 65 (MN 65).
Nearby places include Isanti, East Bethel, Stacy, and Athens Wildlife Management Area.
The Cedar Creek Ecosystem Reserve, operated by the University of Minnesota, is also nearby.
Infrastructure
Transportation
Minnesota State Highway 65
Isanti County Road 9
Isanti County Road 56
References
Mn/DOT map of Isanti County – 2013 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
María del Carmen Mendizábal García (born 15 January 1976) is a Spanish journalist and television presenter who has worked for the television channel LaSexta since 2006. They began their career at the national radio station Cadena SER as a journalist and presenter before moving into public television with Televisión Española in October 2004. Mendizábal joined the private television channel LaSexta in 2006 and has read the news and presented various programmes on the channel. They have won an ATV Award for Best Communicator of News Programmes, an Antena de Oro and the TP de Oro Award for Best News Presenter twice in 2006 and 2008, respectively.
Biography
On 15 January 1976, Mendizábal was born in Madrid. They were inspired to become a journalist by the likes of Oriana Fallaci, Rosa María Mateo, Rosa Montero and Maruja Torres. Mendizábal graduated from the Complutense University of Madrid with a journalism degree.
Following the completion of their studies, they began their professional career employed for the national radio station Cadena SER as a journalist on the morning radio programme Hoy por hoy presented by Iñaki Gabilondo, for seven years. Mendizábal then presented the early morning weekend programme Punto de fuga but stopped hosting the show by 2005, and also hosted the evening magazine show La Ventana when regular presenter Gemma Nierga was on maternity leave from mid-2005 until January 2006.
The public state television broadcaster Televisión Española employed Mendizábal to be a presenter of the TVE1 political debate programme in October 2004. The programme enabled them to become a mediator of both debate and political news. In early 2006, Mendizábal left public television and joined the private sector when they were signed as a newscaster by the newly formed private LaSexta channel. They were assigned to read the news on the second edition of the news bulletin, and has covered for colleagues who became pregnant. Mendizábal co-hosted the two-hour avant-garde journalism magazine programme Sexto Sentido with Helena Resano and Cristina Villanueva for one season commencing in November 2006. They presented the 2008 LaSexta fictional documentary series in which a theorised Republican faction victory in the Spanish Civil War and its effects on Spain are discussed. Mendizábal moderated a programme on LaSexta following a debate between prime ministerial candidates José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero and Mariano Rajoy prior to the 2008 Spanish general election. They worked as a special envoy reporting on the 2008 United States presidential election, which was won by Barack Obama.
In November 2008, Mendizábal was elected to serve as a vice-president of the Federation of Associations of Journalists of Spain, which was a role they held until October 2009. They were replaced by Elsa González due to time constraints forcing them to skip other commitments. Mendizábal began working as the main presenter of the evening news magazine programme on 29 October 2012. In May 2017, they were part of a sit-in at LaSexta to promote a social media backed campaign promoting awareness of the European migrant crisis in the Mediterranean. Mendizábal presented the investigative journalism series Scoop in 2018 , interviewing figures who were responsible for compling the investigations. They had proposed the concept of the programme, with they and the La Caña Brothers agency sent to LaSexta, who accepted it.
Mendizábal was signed to present the programme in 2019 in which they interview notable Spanish figures about their life and background to how they were able to achieve success. The programme was first broadcast on LaSexa in February 2021 after being delayed from its late-2020 start. She, César Carballo, José María Gay de Liébana, Yayo Herrero and Ainara Zubillaga co-authored the book Adelante: Solo existe el futuro. Y es nuestro in 2020. In May, Mendizábal decided to stop presenting Más vale tarde because they wanted a change in their life and they wanted to do other projects. They also cited the COVID-19 pandemic helping them to "see where I was and realize that life is one, that we forget." Mendizábal made their final on-screen appearance on the programme on 30 June 2021, and was replaced by and Cristina Pardo.
Personal life
 They are in an relationship with the radio broadcaster and the two have been living together since 2013. Mendizábal has no children.
Awards
In 2005, they were voted the recipient of the ATV Award for Best Communicator of News Programmes and the TP de Oro Award for Best News Presenter in both 2006 and 2008. The Federation of Radio and Television Associations awarded Mendizábal an Antena de Oro accolade in the television section for their work on Más Vale Tarde in 2013. They received the Premios Ondas Award for Best Television Presenter in 2014.
A jury from the Association of European Journalists along with the European Commission and the European Parliament representations in Spain voted to award Mendizábal the Salvador de Madariaga Television Award for "exercising responsible journalism and committed to the reality of community institutions" and "her commitment to current news, their pulse to handle hot information." The Spanish Association of Women in the Media named them the winner of its media category at the IX Edition of the 'Press-Woman' Awards for their "ability to apply effectively, as director and host, in a generalist and daily program, 'Más vale tarde', the focus of gender in a transversal and repeated way and by applying parity in the participation of analysts in gatherings and debates."
References
External links
1976 births
People from Madrid
Living people
20th-century Spanish women
21st-century Spanish women
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Spanish women journalists
Spanish women television presenters
Spanish radio presenters
Spanish non-fiction writers
Bow Trail is an expressway in the southwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta. It lends its name from the Bow River, which runs through the city north of the road itself. It runs from downtown Calgary, where the westbound traffic continues from 6 Avenue SW and eastbound traffic becomes 9 Avenue SW, to 85 Street SW.
Bow Trail, along with 17 Avenue SW, are two major thoroughfares linking downtown Calgary to the west end of the city. In the late 1960s, there were plans to extend Bow Trail along a more northerly alignment (roughly at the present-day 3 Avenue S) before linking with Memorial Drive east of downtown. Fierce opposition to freeways running through downtown Calgary scuttled the plans, and the C-Train came into favour.
History
Prior to it being named Bow Trail, the road west of 33 Street SW was known as Banff Coach Road. The road was rerouted with westbound expansion, with Bow Trail being rerouted on a more southerly route west of Sarcee Trail. The remainder of the road exists today, as Old Banff Coach Road. East of 33 Street SW and west of Crowchild Trail, Bow Trail conformed to Calgary's street numbering conventions, and was known as 12 Avenue SW. 12 Avenue SW continues to exist today, as a frontage road to Bow Trail.
In 2004, the city of Calgary conducted a traffic volume study along Bow Trail that found the four lane road inadequate. Consequently, an additional westbound lane was added between 33 Street and Sarcee Trail by 2006. The section between Sarcee Trail and Strathcona Boulevard was widened and landscaped by 2007, while the intersection with Sarcee Trail was improved. Although an interchange with Sarcee has been proposed for many years (with the abandoned "Go Plan" of the mid-1990s at one point proposing the interchange include a link to a southern extension of Shaganappi Trail), as of 2018 none is planned; the city built one further south at Sarcee and 17th Avenue S.W. in the late 2000s instead.
In 2010, construction of the west leg of the C-Train light rail transit system begun along the Bow Trail between Crowchild Trail and 33 Street West. This involved widening Bow Trail east of 33rd Street, and a slight realignment at 33rd and Bow to allow room for the tracks and a tunnel entrance. Construction was completed in December 2012.
As of 2015, Bow Trail ends at 85th Street, though the road actually continues for a short way beyond as 12th Avenue S.W., an unpaved rural access road. The City's transportation plan calls for Bow to eventually be extended westward from 85th Street to link with a planned southwestern leg of the Stoney Trail ring road; as of 2015, no official time frame has been announced for construction.
The eastern portion of Bow Trail (between Crowchild Trail and 14th Street N.W.) fall within the lands being considered for CalgaryNEXT, a proposed inner-city sports and recreation hub intended to consolidate the city's professional and amateur football and hockey venues (among other uses) in one location; potential rerouting of Bow Trail is among the related infrastructure concerns.
Major intersections
From east to west.
See also
Transportation in Calgary
References
Roads in Calgary
Numbers and Colours / Ankle Deep in Mud is the debut release by the post-punk band Get Smart!. It was released as a 6-inch flexi disc that accompanied the May 13, 1981 issue of Talk Talk magazine.
General info
The song "Ankle Deep In Mud" was written by the Battling Tops, who were guitarist Marc Koch's previous band. The band would include this song in their set list throughout their career, even as other early songs were dropped. This is an earlier recording than the one that would appear on their 1984 album Action Reaction.
The song "Numbers and Colours" does not appear on any other Get Smart! records.
Both tracks were recorded in April 1981 at Ramona Recording Studios in Lawrence, KS and were produced by Dave Stuckey (later of the "Dave and Deke Combo").
Track listing
"Numbers And Colours" - 2:37
"Ankle Deep In Mud" - 4:02
Personnel
Musicians:
Marc Koch - vocals, guitar
Lisa Wertman Crowe - vocals, bass
Frank Loose - drums
Technical staff:
Dave Stuckey - producer
Karl Hoffmann - engineer
Dan Swinney - assistant engineer
Reception
"Oversimplistic punky approach which is a good example of clean US-Street-Punk. Goes down well from my point of view." (G.Beez, Gorilla Beat, 1981)
"Numbers and Colours and Ankle Deep in Mud are very good examples of what Get Smart! have to offer: original, simple, clean material and an energized, tight performance." (Karen Barber, KLZR 106 Music Guide, 1981)
In 2020, the Pitch described "Ankle Deep in Mud" as "a protest strong which is just as relevant today as it was nearly four decades ago, like a furious update of Pete Seeger's 'Waist Deep in the Big Muddy.'"
References
External links
Get Smart! discography
1981 debut singles
1981 songs
Knock three times can refer to:
"Knock Three Times", a 1970 song by Tony Orlando and Dawn
Knock Three Times (album), a 1971 album by Billy "Crash" Craddock
Knock Three Times, a 1917 novel by Marion St. John Webb
Knock Three Times, a 1968 British television serial that featured Hattie Jacques
A tap code or secret knock
See also
Knock Knock Knock, a 2002 EP by Hot Hot Heat
The 2002 season of 1. deild karla was the 48th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
Standings
Top scorers
References
RSSSF Page
1. deild karla (football) seasons
Iceland
Iceland
2
The United States secretary of state is a member of the executive branch of the federal government of the United States and the head of the U.S. Department of State. The office holder is one of the highest ranking members of the president's Cabinet, and ranks the first in the U.S. presidential line of succession among Cabinet secretaries.
Created in 1789 with Thomas Jefferson as its first office holder, the secretary of state represents the United States to foreign countries, and is therefore considered analogous to a foreign minister in other countries. The secretary of state is nominated by the president of the United States and, following a confirmation hearing before the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, is confirmed by the United States Senate. The secretary of state, along with the secretary of the treasury, secretary of defense, and attorney general, are generally regarded as the four most crucial Cabinet members because of the importance of their respective departments.
Secretary of State is a Level I position in the Executive Schedule and thus earns the salary prescribed for that level (US$221,400, as of January 2021). The current secretary of state is Antony Blinken, who was confirmed on January 26, 2021 by the Senate by a vote of 78–22.
History
The secretary of state originates from the government under the Articles of Confederation. The Congress of the Confederation established the Department of Foreign Affairs in 1781 and created the office of secretary of foreign affairs. After the Constitution of the United States was ratified, the 1st United States Congress reestablished the department, renaming it the Department of State, and created the office of secretary of state to lead the department.
Duties and responsibilities
The stated duties of the secretary of state are to supervise the United States foreign service and immigration policy and administer the Department of State. The secretary must also advise the president on U.S. foreign matters such as the appointment of diplomats and ambassadors, advising the president of the dismissal and recall of these people. The secretary of state can conduct negotiations, interpret, and terminate treaties relating to foreign policy. The secretary also can participate in international conferences, organizations, and agencies as a representative of the United States. The secretary communicates issues relating to the U.S. foreign policy to Congress and citizens. The secretary also provides services to U.S. citizens living or traveling abroad such as providing credentials in the form of passports. Doing this, the secretary also ensures the protection of citizens, their property, and interests in foreign countries.
Secretaries of state also have domestic responsibilities, entrusted in 1789, when the position was first created. These include the protection and custody of the Great Seal of the United States, and the preparation of some presidential proclamations. In the process of extraditing fugitives to or from the country, the secretary serves as the channel of communication between foreign governments, the federal government, and the states.
Most of the domestic functions of the Department of State were gradually transferred to other agencies by the late 19th century as part of various administrative reforms and restructurings. Those that remain include storage and use of the Great Seal, performance of protocol functions for the White House, and the drafting of certain proclamations. The secretary also negotiates with the individual states over the extradition of fugitives to foreign countries. Under federal law, the resignation of a president or of a vice president is valid only if declared in writing, in an instrument delivered to the office of the secretary of state. Accordingly, the resignations of President Richard Nixon and of Vice President Spiro Agnew were formalized in instruments delivered to then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger.
Although they have historically decreased over time, Congress may occasionally add to the responsibilities of the secretary of state. One such instance occurred in 2014, when Congress passed the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act which mandated actions the Secretary of State must take in order to facilitate the return of abducted children from nations who are party to the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction.
As the highest-ranking member of the cabinet, the secretary of state is the third-highest official of the executive branch of the U.S. federal government, after the president and vice president, and is fourth in line to succeed the presidency, after the vice president, the speaker of the House of Representatives, and the president pro tempore of the Senate.
Six past secretaries of stateJefferson, Madison, Monroe, John Quincy Adams, Van Buren and Buchananhave gone on to be elected president. Others, including Henry Clay, Daniel Webster, Lewis Cass, John C. Calhoun, John M. Clayton, William L. Marcy, William Seward, Edward Everett, Jeremiah S. Black, James Blaine, Elihu B. Washburne, Thomas F. Bayard, John Sherman, Walter Q. Gresham, William Jennings Bryan, Philander C. Knox, Charles Evans Hughes, Elihu Root, Cordell Hull, Edmund Muskie, Alexander Haig, John Kerry, and Hillary Clinton have also campaigned as presidential candidates, either before or after their term of office as Secretary of State, but were ultimately unsuccessful. The position of Secretary of State has therefore been viewed to be a consolation prize for failed presidential candidates.
See also
List of secretaries of state of the United States
List of international trips made by secretaries of state of the United States
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Bemis, Samuel Flagg, ed. (1963) The American Secretaries of State and Their Diplomacy (19 vols.), scholarly biographies
Graebner, Norman A., ed. (1961) An Uncertain Tradition: American Secretaries of State in the Twentieth Century scholarly essays on John Hay through John Foster Dulles.
Hopkins, Michael F. (2008) "President Harry Truman's Secretaries of State: Stettinius, Byrnes, Marshall and Acheson" Journal of Transatlantic Studies v.6 n.3 pp. 290–304.
Mihalkanin, Edward, ed. (2004) online American Statesmen: Secretaries of State from John Jay to Colin Powell short scholarly articles by experts
External links
|-
|-
United States Department of State
State
United States diplomacy
1789 establishments in the United States
Stephan Pilsinger (born 17 February 1987) is a German physician and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2017.
Political career
Pilsinger became a member of the Bundestag in the 2017 German federal election.  They are a member of the Committee on Health, the Committee on Family, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth, and the Subcommittee on Civilian Crisis Prevention.
Other activities
German-Israeli Health Forum for Artificial Intelligence (GIHF-AI), Member of the Board of Trustees (since 2022)
German Red Cross (DRK), Member
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1987 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Physicians from Munich
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Politicians from Munich
Jacob J. Laktonen, Jr. was an American accountant and politician. Laktonen served a single term in the Alaska House of Representatives in the 1970s. They were employed for at least four decades by the Alaska Packers' Association and was an accountant for them at the time they served in the House. Laktonen was a Republican and a Native American, and their residence was Larsen Bay. A veteran and a commercial fishersman, Laktonen also founded and served on the Larsen Bay Village Council.
References
1917 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Native Americans
Alaska Republicans
Members of the Alaska House of Representatives
Native American state legislators in Alaska
People from Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska
Coso (also, Granite Springs) was a settlement in Inyo County, California. It is located in the Coso Range east-southeast of Coso Peak. Today, Coso is located within Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake.
Dr. Darwin French discovered gold at the site in 1860. The place was named Granite Springs in 1860. The name Coso comes from the Coso people, local Native Americans.
There are at least three places named Coso in Inyo County. This settlement is sometimes known as Old Coso and is located southwest of Darwin, California. There is also Coso Junction, located on US 395. South of Coso Junction is the rail siding of Coso.
References
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
History of the Mojave Desert region
Ghost towns in Inyo County, California
Populated places established in 1860
Solonț is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Cucuieți, Sărata and Solonț.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
King Power Mahanakhon (), formerly known as MahaNakhon (มหานคร), is a mixed-use skyscraper in the Silom/Sathon central business district of Bangkok, Thailand. It was opened in December 2016. It features the unconventional appearance of a glass curtain walled square tower with a cuboid-surfaced spiral cut into the side of the building. Following transfer of the first residential units in April 2016, at with 77 floors, it was recognized as the tallest building in Thailand on 4 May 2016 by the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH). Featuring hotel, retail and residences, 200 units of The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Bangkok inside the building are priced between around $US1,100,000 to $US17,000,000, making it one of the most expensive condominiums in Bangkok.
The building was recognised as the tallest building in Thailand until the Magnolias Waterfront Residences at ICONSIAM broke the record in 2018 with the height of 317 metres. The building was purchased from PACE Development by King Power group in April 2018, resulting in the name change from MahaNakhon to King Power Mahanakhon.
History
Details of the MahaNakhon development were announced on 27 May 2009. The development team included German architect Ole Scheeren, former partner of the design firm Office for Metropolitan Architecture; Thai company Pace Development; David Collins Studio in London; and Industrial Buildings Corporation (IBC). In 2015 PACE bought the remaining shares of former partner IBC, thus becoming the sole project developer. The groundbreaking ceremony was held on 20 June 2011, the building was topped off in 2015, and was completed in 2016. The total project value as a result of pricing changes during the course of construction reached 21 billion baht (US$620 million).
In October 2013, the construction of the smaller CUBE building was finished. At that time the main tower reached the 4th floor, growing at the rate of approximately two to three storeys per month. As of September 2014, construction of the main tower reached the 45th floor, and in December 2014 the building had reached the 60th floor. In April 2015, PACE revealed that the tower had reached its full height and was topped off at 314 meters, making it the tallest building in Bangkok. Finally in 2016, the CTBUH recognized the building as completed.
In March 2014, PACE announced that the development was now being sold freehold, having previously been a leasehold property.
The building was purchased from PACE Development by King Power group in April 2018, resulting in the name change from MahaNakhon to King Power Mahanakhon.
Design and location
The tower is the shape of a square prism with the appearance of a rough spiral with cuboidal surfaces cut into the side of the building. The building features a pixelated ribbon that swirls around the exterior, peeling back its surface layer to expose an inner layer, creating balconies with views of the city. The glass walls are divided horizontally and vertically, adding to the building's "pixelated" and "unfinished" appearance. Its height surpassed that of the Baiyoke Tower II's record of at the time of completion in 2016, making it the 88th tallest building in the world.
Among the features of the building are: of retail space (MahaNakhon CUBE and MahaNakhon HILL Retail components); 209 residences serviced by Ritz-Carlton, which, with prices ranging from approximately 42 – 500 million baht (US$1.2–14m), are among the highest prices asked for Thai luxury real estate, freehold or leasehold in Bangkok; The Standard Bangkok Mahanakhon, with 155 rooms, to be operated by Standard Hotels; as well as a rooftop observation deck. MahaNakhon at one point featured Thailand's first L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon (Bangkok), Thailand's first restaurant by Iron Chef Masaharu Morimoto, Thailand's first Vogue Lounge, and the largest Dean & DeLuca in Thailand, however all retail outlets have been closed in 2019 pending redevelopment by the new owners.
An outdoor plaza ("MahaNakhon Square"), will connect the tower to the Chong Nonsi station of the BTS Skytrain Silom Line and the Bangkok BRT station on Narathiwat Ratchanakharin Road.
In January 2013, PACE Development announced the sale of the highest-price condominium penthouse in Thailand at MahaNakhon,
a two-floor, residence costing 480 million baht.
PACE Development marketed MahaNakhon overseas, including in the Middle East, the first time that a Thai property developer had marketed Thai property in the Middle East as well as in Hong Kong and Singapore.
Awards
In September 2014, the project earned the first of several awards for Ritz-Carlton Residences, Bangkok at MahaNakhon as "Best Luxury Condo Development 2014 (Bangkok)" at the Thailand Property Awards. In October 2014, The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Bangkok at MahaNakhon was named "Best Thailand Development 2014" and "Best Luxury Condominium Southeast Asia 2014" at the SE Asia Property Awards.
In 2015, former chief marketing officer and former managing director of MahaNakhon Kipsan Beck accepted the winning three major awards including Best Mixed Use, Best Residential, and Best Residential Highrise at the Asia-Pacific Property Awards.
Subsequently, the project has also been recognised with presentations at the Council for Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat and Chulalongkorn University.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Bangkok
List of the tallest buildings in Thailand
References
External links
Official website
The Ritz-Carlton Residences, Bangkok Official website
MahaNakhon at Emporis
PACE Development Corporation PLC website
Facebook page with ongoing construction updates
Article "MahaNakhon, pixelised building of Bangkok"
Skyscrapers in Bangkok
Bang Rak district
Ole Scheeren buildings
Skyscraper hotels in Thailand
Residential skyscrapers in Thailand
Tugboat Emily B was owned by the Wilmington Towing Company, Wilmington, North Carolina, and was loaned to the US Navy in 1918 for use as during World War I. They were returned to their owners at the end of the war.
References
Tugs of the United States Navy
Omid Nourizadeh (), better known as Omid 16B or 16B, is a British-Iranian electronic music producer/composer and DJ based in London.  They are considered one of the creators of the tech house genre.
Biography
Omid's parents were Iranian but they spent their childhood in Putney, London. They grew up listening to rock music, and listed Jimi Hendrix, Neil Young and the Cure among their favourite artists – after Robert Smith became a fan Omid would later remix various Cure songs. They learnt to play guitar and formed a rock band, but after hearing hardcore records played on pirate music stations they began making their own tracks on basic equipment that they had bought. Beginning in 1995, their early house and techno singles were released on their own Alola and Disclosure labels under the names of 16B and Phaser, but they soon attracted the attention of big-name DJs such as Derrick Carter, François Kevorkian and Sasha, and they signed to Sven Väth's Eye Q label to release their debut album Sounds from Another Room in March 1998, which was described by the Independent on Sunday as "avant-garde" and by Muzik as "quite breathtaking".
Although they started out as a producer, Omid gradually moved into DJing, at the request of friends who asked them to play records at parties. They secured a regular spot playing the Elements club night run by Hooj Choons record label boss Red Jerry. In October 2001 Omid released The Witch/Which Equation under the alias of the Sixteen Million Dollar Man. Inspired by Prince initially releasing their Planet Earth album as a covermount with a British newspaper, Omid released their third studio album Like 3 Ears and 1 Eye (Part 1) in a similar manner as a covermount with the November 2007 issue of DJ Mag.
Omid also formed the SOS collective of DJs, consisting of him, Desyn Masiello and Demi. The trio secured a residency at London's Ministry of Sound nightclub, and were asked to produce the club's first mix CD in 2010.
Discography
Studio albums
As 16B
Sounds from Another Room (Eye Q, 1998)
How to Live 100 Years (Hooj Choons, 2002)
As $16 Million Dollar Man
The Witch/Which Equation (Under the Counter, 2001)
As Omid 16B
Like 3 Ears and 1 Eye (Part 1) (SexonWax, 2007)
Like 3 Ears and 1 Eye (Part 2) (SexonWax, 2008)
Mix albums
Everything All of Them Every Year (Alola, 2002)
In House We Trust 4 (with Alex Neri) (Shinichi/Yoshitoshi, 2004)
SexOnWax Traxx – (SexOnWax, 2004)
DJ Face Off (with Mr. C) (DJ Mag, 2005)
Sounds Like Alola Volume 1 (Alola, 2011)
Omid 16B Presents Alola Volume 4 (Alola, 2013)
As SOS
SOS The Collective – MOS presents SOS – (Ministry of Sound Club UK, 2010)
SOS The Collective – Balance 013 – (Balance/EQ, 2008)
References
External links
Official Website
Alola Records
SexOnWax Recordings
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Ableton Live users
British electronic musicians
DJs from London
British people of Iranian descent
Iranian DJs
Progressive house musicians
Dejan Davidovac (; born 17 January 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League.
Playing career
Davidovac started to play basketball for their hometown's Proleter Naftagas. In the 2011–12 season, they played their first Serbian League season. In 2012, Davidovac signed for Vršac Swisslion.
Davidovac signed for Crvena zvezda and was immediately loaned to FMP in March 2015, just before the start of the Serbian Super League season. On September 30, 2016, Davidovac made their Adriatic League debut for FMP in a 78–76 loss to KK Zadar, making 7 points, 7 rebounds and 3 assists. On February 11, 2017, Davidovac scored an Adriatic career-high 28 points to help defeat Union Olimpija. Through 26 Adriatic League games in the 2016–17 season, Davidovac averaged 10.0 points, 5.1 rebounds, and 2.5 assists per game.
On September 13, 2017, Davidovac signed a four-year contract with the Crvena zvezda. On October 22, 2017, Davidovac made their debut for Crvena zvezda in the Adriatic League against Cedevita, making their 3 points, 3 rebounds and 2 assists in 9 minutes of playing time. Two days later, on October 24, Davidovac made their EuroLeague debut against Russian team Khimki, making two 2-point attempts and a rebound in under 6 minutes of playing time. Through 23 games in the 2017–18 Adriatic season, they averaged 5.6 points, 3.1 rebounds, and 1.9 assists per game. In 24 EuroLeague games, they recorded 6.5 points, 2.0 rebounds, and 1.2 assists per game. Through 17 games in the 2018 Serbian SuperLeague season, Davidovac averaged 7.9 points, 3.9 rebounds, 1.6 assists, and 1.4 steals per game. They won Serbian SuperLeague in the 2017–18 season. Davidovac averaged 6.2 points and 2.9 rebounds per game during the 2019–20 ABA season. On 8 September 2020, Davidovac signed a two-year contract extension with the Zvezda.
On 26 June 2022, Davidovac signed for CSKA Moscow.
National team career
Davidovac was a member of the Serbian under-18 team that competed at the 2013 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship in Latvia. Over nine tournament games, they averaged 7.2 points, 5.0 rebounds and 1.1 assists per game. Davidovac was a member of the Serbian under-20 team that won the gold medal at the 2015 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship in Lignano Sabbiadoro and Latisana, Italy. Over ten tournament games, they averaged 8.7 points, 4.7 rebounds and 1.1 assists per game.
Career statistics
Euroleague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;" rowspan=4| Crvena zvezda
| 24 || 6 || 15.6 || .543 || .468 || .773 || 2.0 || 1.2 || .7 || .3 || 6.5 || 7.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| 24 || 4 || 18.4 || .540 || .326 || .795 || 2.9 || 0.6 || .8 || .2 || 6.2 || 7.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| 33 || 8 || 22.3 || .566 || .378 || .780 || 2.8 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .2 || 7.2 || 8.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| 28 || 13 || 18.3 || .538 || .352 || .700 || 3.3 || 0.9 || 0.8 || .2 || 5.0 || 7.3
See also
List of KK Crvena zvezda players with 100 games played
References
External links
Profile at euroleague.net
Profile at aba-liga.com
Profile at eurobasket.com
Profile at fiba.com
1995 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball League of Serbia players
KK Crvena zvezda players
KK FMP players
KK Proleter Zrenjanin players
KK Vršac players
Point guards
Serbian men's basketball players
Serbia men's national basketball team players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Zrenjanin
Hanpu (), later Wanyan Hanpu (), was a leader of the Jurchen Wanyan clan in the early tenth century. According to the ancestral story of the Wanyan clan, Hanpu came from Goryeo when they were sixty years old, reformed Jurchen customary law, and then married a sixty-year-old local woman who bore them three children. Their descendants eventually united Jurchen tribes into a federation and established the Jin dynasty in 1115. Hanpu was retrospectively given the temple name Shizu () and the posthumous name Emperor Yixian Jingyuan () by the Jin dynasty.
Chinese historians have long debated whether Hanpu was of Silla, Goryeo, or Jurchen ethnicity. Since the 1980s, they have chiefly argued that they were a Jurchen who had lived in Silla, the state that had dominated the Korean peninsula until it was destroyed by Goryeo in 935. Western scholars usually treat Hanpu's story as a legend, but agree that it hints to contacts between some Jurchen clans and the states of Goryeo and Balhae (a state located between Jurchen lands and Silla until it was destroyed in 926) in the early tenth century. In Korea, a recent KBS history special treated Hanpu as a native Silla man who moved north and settled in Jurchen lands during the demise of Silla.
Name
Hanpu is known under different transliterations in Chinese sources.  They are called Kanfu () in the Songmo Jiwen (; after 1155), the memoirs of a Song Chinese ambassador who was forced to stay in Jin territory for more than 10 years starting in 1131. The Shenlu Ji , a lost book cited in the Collected Documents on the Treaties with the North during Three Reigns (; 1196), refers to them as Kenpu (), whereas Research on the Origin of the Manchus (; 1777) calls them Hafu ().
Ancestor of the Wanyan clan
Because the early Jurchens had no written records, the story of Hanpu was first transmitted orally. According to the History of Jin (compiled in the 1340s), Hanpu was originally from Balhae. They arrived from Goryeo at the age of sixty and settled among the Jurchen Wanyan clan. Other sources claim that Hanpu was from Silla, the state that had ruled the Korean peninsula but was annexed by the kingdom of Goryeo in 935. The same story recounts that when Hanpu left Goryeo, their two brothers remained behind, one in Goryeo and one in the Balhae area. Because the Jurchens considered Hanpu to be the sixth-generation ancestor of Wanyan Wugunai (1021–1074), historians postulate that Hanpu lived in the early tenth century, when the Jurchens still consisted of independent tribes, or sometime between the founding of Goryeo in 918 and its destruction of Silla in 935.
The Wanyan clan then belonged to a group of Jurchen tribes that Chinese and Khitan documents called "wild", "raw", or "uncivilized" (shēng ). These "wild Jurchens" lived between the Changbai Mountains in the south (now at the border between North Korea and Northeast China) and the Sungari River in the north, outside the territory of the rising Liao dynasty (907–1125) and little influenced by Chinese culture.
To resolve an endless cycle of vendettas between two clans, Hanpu managed to make both parties accept a new rule: from then on, the family of a killer would compensate the victim's relatives with a gift of horses, cattle, and money. Historian Herbert Franke has compared this aspect of Jurchen customary law to the old Germanic practice of Wergeld. As a reward for putting an end to the feuds, Hanpu was married to a sixty-year-old woman who then bore them one daughter and two sons. A lost book called the Shenlu Ji states that Hanpu's wife was 40 years old. Hanpu and their descendants were then formally received into the Wanyan clan.
Hanpu's ethnicity
Chinese scholars have debated the ethnicity of Hanpu. They usually agree that Hanpu's "coming from Goryeo" does not mean they were of Goryeo ethnicity, since Goryeo territory was populated by several ethnic groups back then. The people of the time did not always distinguish between state and ethnic group, so that in modern terms Hanpu may have been a Jurchen from the state of Silla, a man of Goryeo, or a Silla man. According to Songmo Jiwen, Hanpu's surname was already Wanyan before they moved from Goryeo. Historian Sun Jinji has therefore argued that Hanpu was a Jurchen whose family had lived in Silla and then Goryeo before moving back to Jurchen land. Chinese historians Menggutuoli and Zhao Yongchun both argue that Hanpu's ancestors were Jurchens who had lived in Silla and had been absorbed into Goryeo after the latter defeated Silla. Furthermore, Zhao theorizes that Wanyan Yingge calling Goryeo their "parent country" may have been part of the Jurchens' diplomatic efforts to obtain Goryeo's help in fighting the Liao dynasty.
Meanwhile, some Korean scholars support the idea that Hanpu was likely an ethnic Sillan from Goryeo that fled north towards Jurchen territories during the Later Three Kingdoms. Overall, it is believed that their ethnicity is unclear. Korean historians such as Kang Jun-young and Kim Wi-hyeon, as well as Chinese historians such as Jin Yufu also weigh on the hypothesis that Hanpu was likely "a man of Silla" that lived in the Goryeo dynasty following Silla's downfall. According to official Qing dynasty sources, the founder of Jin was from either Silla or Goryeo but came from the Tungusic Sushen tribes.
The annals of King Yejong (r. 1105–1122) in the History of Goryeo report that Wanyan Wugunai's son Yingge (盈歌; 1053–1103) considered Goryeo as their "parent country" () because their clan's ancestor Hanpu had come from Goryeo. However Wanyan Yingge initiated an invasion of the Korean peninsula and Yingge's paternal nephew Wanyan Wuyashu fought against the Koreans, forcing them to submit and recognize Jurchens as overlords after "pacifying" the border between the Koreans and Jurchens. Yingge died during the conquest of Helandian (曷懶甸; present-day Hamgyong Province, North Korea) after pacifying the Tumen River basin. Wuyashu resumed the project in the next year. Under their order, Shishihuan (石適歡) led a Wanyan army from the Tumen River basin to subdue rival Jurchen tribes in Helandian and advance southward to chase about 1,800 remnants who defected to the Korean kingdom Goryeo. Goryeo did not hand them over but sent Im Gan (林幹) to intercept the Wanyan army. However, Shishihuan defeated Im Gan north of the Chŏngp'ŏyng wall and invaded northeastern frontier of Goryeo. Goryeo dispatched Yun Gwan to resist the Jurchens but lost in battle again. As a result, Wuyashu subjugated the Jurchens in Helandian.
In 1107, Goryeo sent a delegate, Heihuanfangshi (黑歡方石), to celebrate Wuyashu's accession to the chieftainship of the Wanyan tribe, and promised to return those Helandian Jurchens who escaped to Goryeo. However, when Wuyashu's delegates, Aguo (阿聒) and Wulinda Shengkun (烏林答勝昆), arrived in Goryeo, the Koreans killed them and dispatched five large armies led by Yun Gwan to attack Helandian. The Goryeo army destroyed a hundred Jurchen villages and built nine fortresses there. Wuyashu thought about giving up Helandian, but their brother Aguda convinced them to dispatch Wosai (斡賽), another of their brothers, to fight Goryeo. Wosai also built nine fortresses facing Goryeo's nine fortresses. After a one-year battle, the Wanyan army won two fortresses but they suffered heavy losses and seven other fortresses were still held by the Goryeo forces. Jurchens offered a truce to Goryeo and Goryeo and the Jurchens achieved a settlement. As a result, Jurchens swore not to invade Goryeo and Goryeo withdrew from the nine fortresses.
Wuyashu also pacified the Suifen River basin.
Western scholars usually consider Hanpu's story legendary. Herbert Franke explains that this Jurchen "ancestral legend" probably indicates that the Wanyan clan absorbed immigrants from Goryeo and Balhae sometime in the tenth century. Frederick W. Mote, who calls this account of the founding of the Wanyan clan a "tribal legend", claims that Hanpu's two brothers (one who stayed in Goryeo and one in Balhae) might have represented "the tribe's memory of their ancestral links to these two peoples." One Western historian of Jurchens has even proposed that Hanpu was not even from the Korean peninsula, instead what really happened was that a power on the peninsula ruled the Jurchen tribe they came from, or that they were from the Eastern Jurchens (Changbai Mountain Jurchens) who did not live in the Korean peninsula.
Legacy
The Wanyan clan rose to prominence among the Jurchens after 1000 CE. Hanpu's sixth-generation descendant Wanyan Wugunai (1021–1074) started to consolidate the dispersed Jurchen tribes into a federation. Wugunai's grandson Aguda (1068–1123) defeated the Jurchens' Khitan overlords of the Liao dynasty and founded the Jin dynasty in 1115. By 1127, the Jin had conquered all north China from the Song dynasty.
In 1136 or 1137, soon after Emperor Xizong of Jin (r. 1135–1150) had been crowned, Hanpu was given the posthumous name "Emperor Jingyuan" () and the temple name "Shizu" (), meaning "first ancestor." In 1144 or 1145, Hanpu's burial site was named "Guangling" (). In December 1145 or January 1146, their posthumous title was augmented to that of "Emperor Yixian Jingyuan" ().
Family members
Hanpu's wife posthumously received the title of Empress Mingyi in 1136. The History of Jin, an official history that was compiled by Mongol scholar Toqto'a in the 1340s, lists Hanpu's family members as follows:
Children:
Wulu (the eldest son and successor)
Wolu (second son)
Zhusiban (daughter)
Siblings:
Agunai (elder brother, who is said to have liked Buddhism and to have stayed in Goryeo when Hanpu left)
Baohuoli (younger brother)
References
Notes
Works cited
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
(hardback). (paperback).
.
Further reading
History of Manchuria
Jurchen history
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
The Laurentides-Lanaudière Junior AA Hockey League is a Canadian junior ice hockey league in the Laurentides and Lanaudière Regions of Quebec. The league is sanctioned by Hockey Quebec and Hockey Canada and its champions competes annually for the Coupe Dodge.
History
2008 Coupe Dodge Ram
The Repentigny Mustangs were the 2008 Laurentides-Lanaudriere Champions. The playoff victory gained them entry into the Coupe Dodge Ram. Unlike years before and after, Hockey Quebec elected to have two Junior AA championships and two champions in 2008. The Mustangs qualified for the "Ram" tournament and began by defeating Sept-Iles 6–1. In the next game they beat the Normandin Eperviers 5-4. Entering the quarter-final round, they ran into Sept-Iles again, this time crushing them 9–0. In the semi-finals, the Mustangs drew Baie-Comeau and beat them 7–1. The finals, saw a rematch between the Mustangs and the Eperviers where the Mustangs won 5–2 to become champions of Eastern Quebec.
2009 Coupe Dodge
In 2009, the Moulins Garaga were the LLJAAHL playoff champions. The Garaga went to the Coupe Dodge tournament. In their first game, they defeated the Montreal-Est Federation 8–7. In their second game, they defeated the West Island Royals 5–4 and then beat the Trois-Pistoles Rebels 5–2. This got them to the quarter-final, where they beat the BCC Harfangs 5–1. In the semi-final, Garaga defeated Montreal-Est once again (3–1) to gain entry into the Provincial final. In the final, the Garaga faced the St-Cyrille Cyclones, who they beat 3–2 to win the Coupe Dodge as Quebec Junior AA champions.
2012 Coupe Dodge
The 2012 LLJAAHL champions were the Lorraine-Rosemere Nationals. The Nationals travelled to Lachute, Quebec to compete for the Coupe Dodge provincial championship. Their first game was a tough 7–2 loss to the Montreal Nordiques. The Nationals next game was only marginally better, losing to the Jonquiere Marquis 7–5. The Nationals rebounded in their third preliminary game, defeating the Verdun/Lasalle Cobras 3–1. In the tournament quarter-final, the Nationals defeated the Quebec-Ouest Ambassadors 2–1. In the semi-final, Lorraine-Rosemere crushed La Vallee Draveurs 8–3 to get into the finals. The championship game saw the Nationals in a rematch against Jonquiere. This time, the Nationals dominated the Marquis, beating them 5–0 to win the Coupe Dodge as Quebec Junior AA champions.
Teams
Champions
Bolded are the winners of the Coupe Dodge Quebec Junior AA Championship.
2006 St-Eustache Patriots
2007 Laval Ducs
2008 Repentigny Mustangs
2009 Moulins Garaga
2010 Lorraine-Rosemère Nationals
2011 St-Jerome Alouettes
2012 Lorraine-Rosemère Nationals
2013 St-Eustache Patriots
2014 Mirabel-Blainville Monarchs
2015 Moulins Gladiators
2016 Boisbriand/Ste-Therese Royals
2017 Joliette-Crabtree Cyclones
2018 Trois-Rivières Draveurs
References
External links
LJAALL Website
B
Laurentides
Lanaudière
B
Organizations based in Quebec
Mirabel, Quebec
Hockey Quebec
The Słuszków Hoard (Polish Skarb ze Słuszkowa) is a treasure hoard that was found in the village of Słuszków located in the historical area known as Kalisz Land presently situated in the Greater Poland Voivodeship. The treasure was buried around the year 1100 and was uncovered in 1935. Since 1958, it has been a part of the collection of Kalisz Land Regional Museum. The hoard includes the largest collection of medieval silver coins in Poland as well as the largest collection, in the world, of the so-called "cross denarii" or "cross pennies" (known in German as Radenpfennig).
The hoard contains 13,061 items. Among them are 12,500 cross denarii, early medieval silver ornaments, Polish and foreign coins, silver scrap as well as a rare collection of denarii minted by Palatine Sieciech.
In november 2020 another hoard of 6500 cross denarii and 4 golden rings was found at nearly the same spot as the first hoard.
References
1935 in Poland
14th century in Europe
Treasure troves of Medieval Europe
Treasure troves of Poland
Kalisz County
Hibbertia saligna is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is endemic to the east coast of New South Wales. It is an erect or spreading shrub with narrow elliptic to lance-shaped leaves with the narrower end towards the base and relatively large yellow flowers with 20 to 35 stamens arranged around three glabrous carpels.
Description
Hibertia saligna is an erect or spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of up to , its young branches softly-hairy. The leaves are arranged alternately along the stems, narrow elliptic to lance-shaped, long and wide and sessile. The upper surface of the leaves is glabrous and the lower softly-hairy. The flowers are arranged on the ends of short side shoots, and are wide and sessile. The five sepals are joined at the base, silky-hairy and long. The five petals are yellow, about long with 20 to 35 stamens arranged around three glabrous carpels. Flowering occurs in spring.
Taxonomy
Hibbertia saligna was first formally described in 1817 by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle in Regni Vegetabilis Systema Naturale from an unpublished description of Robert Brown, from specimens collected by Brown in "mountains near Port Jackson". The specific epithet (saligna) means "resembling a willow".
Distribution and habitat
This hibbertia grows in moist gullies, on creek banks and in sheltered forests in eastern New South Wales, between the Blue Mountains, Glen Davis in the north and Batemans Bay in the south.
References
saligna
Flora of New South Wales
Taxa named by Augustin Pyramus de Candolle
Plants described in 1817
John Phillip Webster is a Canadian bank executive with The Bank of Nova Scotia (Scotiabank), serving as President & CEO of the Scotia Mortgage Authority. They formerly served as the President & CEO of Maple Trust, who were acquired by Scotiabank in 2006.
Life
John was born in Drummondville, Quebec, although they grew up in Perth, Ontario. They attended Wilfrid Laurier University, a member of the 1978 Yates Cup team, and went on to study law at McGill University, earning both a BCL and an LLB in 1983.
Webster is active in the Liberal Party, and was a key strategist for the Paul Martin leadership campaign, credited as one of three main Martin advisers to internally topple the Chrétien regime in 2003. They served as one of three National Campaign Co-Chairs in the 2004 Federal Election, as a chief strategist for Prime Minister Martin. Prior to supporting Martin, Webster served as campaign director for both former Prime Minister John Turner and former Ontario Premier David Peterson. Most recently, Webster was a supporter of former Ontario Premier Bob Rae's Liberal leadership bid.
Webster received their Undergraduate diploma from Wilfrid Laurier University, and their BCL & LLB from McGill University.
References
Canadian chief executives
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
McGill University Faculty of Law alumni
John Wilton Lister (born 1 April 1959) is a former English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1978 and 1979 and for Durham between 1983 and 1988.
Lister was born in Darlington, and made their first-class debut for Derbyshire in the 1978 season, when they opened in a victory against Nottinghamshire. They played in two further first-class matches in the season which were draws.
Lister played two more first-class matches, in the 1979 season, before they were demoted to the Second XI, where they played for two more years. Lister was a right-handed opening batsman for the Derbyshire team.
After four years, Lister returned in 1983 to play Minor Counties cricket for their home county of Durham, who were victorious in the English Estates Trophy of 1985, and they represented them until 1988.
External links
John Lister at Cricket Archive
1959 births
English cricketers
Living people
Derbyshire cricketers
Durham cricketers
Sportspeople from Darlington
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 800 metres M90 division of Masters athletics.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 800 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
The Axioappendicular muscles are the muscles that extend between the axial and (superior or inferior) appendicular skeletons. There are two groups, the anterior axioappendicular muscles and the posterior axioappendicular muscles.
Anterior axioappendicular muscles
The anterior axioappendicular muscles are the:
Pectoralis major
Pectoralis minor
Subclavius
Serratus anterior
Posterior axioappendicular muscles
The posterior axioappendicular muscles are described as two sub-groups:
Superficial Posterior Axioappendicular muscles (or the extrinsic shoulder muscles)
Trapezius
Latissimus dorsi
Deep Posterior Axioappendicular muscles (or the intrinsic shoulder muscles)
Levator scapulae
Rhomboid minor
Rhomboid major
References
Muscular system
Thomas Weddle (30 November 1817 Stamfordham, Northumberland – 4 December 1853 Bagshot) was a mathematician who introduced the Weddle surface. They were mathematics professor at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.
Weddle's Rule is a method of integration, the Newton–Cotes formula with N=6.
References
19th-century English mathematicians
Academics of the Royal Military College, Sandhurst
1817 births
1853 deaths
Pedro Maldonado may refer to:
Surname:
Pedro Maldonado (bishop) (died 1566), Spanish Roman Catholic bishop
Pedro Vicente Maldonado (1704–1748), South-American scientist
Geography:
Pedro Vicente Maldonado Canton, town and canton of Ecuador
Krysten Karwacki (born April 30, 1991) is a Canadian curler from Winnipeg, Manitoba.  They are the former lead for the Cathy Overton-Clapham team and currently plays lead on Team Nancy Martin
Career
Semifinalist at the 2011 Canadian Junior Curling Championships
Finalist of the 2012 Atkins Curling Supplies Women's Classic
Women's Semifinalist of the 2012 CIS/CCA Curling Championships
Women's Champion of the 2013 CIS/CCA Curling Championships
Played lead in the 2013-14 curling season for Breanne Meakin
2017 Scotties Silver Medallist as alternate for Michelle Englot
2021 Scotties Gold Medallist as alternate for Kerri Einarson
Personal life
Karwacki works as a social media freelancer.  They are engaged to Roman Charbonneau.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Canadian women curlers
Curlers from Winnipeg
20th-century Canadian women
21st-century Canadian women
Innernzell is a municipality in the district of Freyung-Grafenau in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freyung-Grafenau
Shirley Webster Palmer-Ball (May 10, 1930 – August 17, 2012) was a politically active Kentucky Republican who was their party's nominee for lieutenant governor in 1975.
They were born to Lawrence Bernard Palmer-Ball (1886–1961) and the former Virginia Allemong Vogt (1895–1990) and attended Centre College, later serving in the United States Army in Germany from 1951 to 1953. They served in the administration of Kentucky Governor Louie B. Nunn from 1967 to 1971, serving Commissioner of Alcoholic Beverage Control, and later than Commissioner of the Department of Parks.
Palmer-Ball was the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky in 1975, running on the same ticket as Bob Gable of McCreary County. Palmer-Ball defeated Bob Bersky in the Republican primary, winning 30,317 votes (59.5%) to Bersky's 20,608 (40.5%). They lost the election to Democrat Thelma Stovall, while Gable lost the governor's race to Democrat Julian Carroll. Stovall was the first woman to win either of the state's highest two offices and the first woman nominated for lieutenant governor or governor of Kentucky by either major party. Palmer-Ball won 357,744 votes (45.4%) to 430,011 (54.6%) for Stovall, while Gable won 277,998 votes (37.2%) to Carroll's 470,159 (62.8%), running some 90,000 votes ahead of ticket-mate Gable.
In 1995, they again sought the office of Lieutenant Governor, running again as Gable's running mate in the primary. They finished second, with 17,054 votes, to Larry Forgy and their running-mate, Tom Handy, who won the primary with 97,099 votes. In 2003, Palmer-Ball served on the transition team for the new incoming Republican governor Ernie Fletcher.
The Palmer-Ball family owns and manages the Palmer Products Corporation, a manufacturing business located in Louisville, Kentucky. They served as president of the Palmer Products Corporation, Lemon and Son Jewelers and Kentucky Bubbling Springs.
Shirley W. Palmer-Ball died on August 17, 2012, aged 82, of undisclosed causes.
References
External links
Palmer Products Corporation website
1930 births
2012 deaths
Centre College alumni
Politicians from Louisville, Kentucky
Kentucky Republicans
Businesspeople from Kentucky
20th-century American businesspeople
Abdelmajid Bouyboud (born 24 October 1966) is a Moroccan former football defender, who played for Belenenses in Portugal.
They were included in the Moroccan squad in the 1994 FIFA World Cup.
References
External links
1966 births
Moroccan footballers
Moroccan expatriate footballers
Morocco international footballers
1992 African Cup of Nations players
1994 FIFA World Cup players
Botola players
Primeira Liga players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
Wydad AC players
Wuhan Guanggu players
Living people
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Moroccan expatriate sportspeople in China
Expatriate footballers in China
Association football forwards
This article lists temporary speakers and deputy speakers who lead the meeting of the People's Representative Council of the term before the definitive speaker and deputy speaker for the term is elected.
According to the tradition, since 1971, the position of temporary speakers is held by the youngest and oldest member of the council. Prior to 1971, the position is held by the oldest member only.
This tradition was halted for some time from 2004 until 2014, when a new law states that "the temporary speakers should be chosen from the party who obtained the largest and the second largest of the vote".
Bibliography
References
Lists of political office-holders in Indonesia
Frankie DePaula (July 4, 1939 – September 14, 1970) was a boxer from Jersey City, New Jersey
Early life
DePaula was born on July 4, 1939 in Jersey City, N.J. to Basil and Virginia DePaula. They attended St. Aloysius's Roman Catholic Grammar School in Greenville, Jersey City. DePaula was born and raised on Duncan Avenue in Jersey City along with their family.
Amateur boxing career
After their release from prison, DePaula, who had boxed while incarcerated, began training as an amateur at the Police Athletic League gym in Bayonne. They won the Novice 175 lb New York Golden Gloves title in 1962.
Professional boxing career
DePaula made their professional boxing debut on April 27, 1962 at the Gladiator Arena in Totowa, New Jersey, winning by third-round knockout over Bill McKeever. Their career was interrupted by a spell in prison which led to the withdrawal of their boxing license. There are no recorded bouts for the years 1964 and 1965 on their record. They returned to the ring in September 1966. In May 1967, Anthony 'Gary' Garafola, an ex-professional fighter, took over as their manager after the death of Patty Amato. DePaula lost to Charlie 'The Devil' Green by a second round stoppage in September 1967 but a winning streak of five bouts including knockouts over Juan 'Rocky' Rivero and Jimmy McDermott earned them a fight against Dick Tiger a former world middleweight and light heavyweight champion.
Fight with Dick Tiger
On October 25, 1968, DePaula met ex-Light Heavyweight champion and ex-Middleweight champion Dick Tiger. It was a non-title bout at Madison Square Garden. In an exciting brawl, each fighter knocked the other to the canvas on two occasions. The fight was a victory for Dick by unanimous decision. The bout was later awarded the Ring Magazine's 'Fight of the Year' for 1968.
Fight with Bob Foster
Although DePaula's bout with Dick Tiger had been announced as being an eliminator for the world light heavyweight title, their drawing power ensured that the matchmakers at Madison Square Garden elected that they go on to fight the champion, Bob Foster.
After knocking down Foster moments into their match (Foster claimed they were pushed, but the referee ruled it an official knockdown); the fight was awarded to Foster in accordance to New York State boxing rules after DePaula was sent to the canvas for a third time in the first of a scheduled 15 round contests.
Arrest and legal troubles
In May 1969, DePaula was arrested by federal agents along with a group including Gary Garafola, Maxim Griesler, Henry Marler, Paul Evans, John Gardner, John DiMayo and Richard Brunell (Brunell later became a government witness against the other defendants) and charged with conspiracy, theft and possession of stolen copper. The offences were alleged to have taken place in March 1968. A few days later, their licence was suspended by the New York State Athletic Commission. They were also subpoenaed by the New York District Attorney's Office to appear before a grand jury investigating corruption in the boxing industry. On December 16, 1969, DePaula was indicted for perjury in regard to one of the responses they had given to prosecutors at the grand jury hearings earlier in the year. Their co-indictees; James 'Jimmy Nap' Napoli and Joseph Calabro were suspected by an F.B.I. and N.Y.P.D. task force of having fixed DePaula's bout with Bob Foster.
DePaula's trial in regard to the copper heist began on April 14, 1970 at the Federal Criminal Court in Newark, New Jersey. On May 7, the jury acquitted them of charges of possession and theft, but failed to reach a verdict on the charge of conspiracy.
Shooting and death
In the early hours of the morning of May 14, 1970, DePaula, in the company of Sharon Elwell, their 18-year-old girlfriend, was dropped off in front of Elwell's apartment situated on Harrison Avenue in Harrison, New Jersey. They found a note stuck on the front entrance which informed them that the door was not working and to use the back entrance. DePaula was shot as they made their way through an adjoining alley. They were taken to the Jersey City Medical Center where they developed paralysis. They died four months later.
Trial of suspects
The trial of DePaula's alleged assailants, Garafola and Richard 'Ricky' Phelan was held at the Municipal Court Building in Jersey City between February and March 1971. Both were acquitted of all charges.
References
Further reading
External links
"Frankie DePaula Professional Boxing Record at BoxRec"
"Frankie DePaula Fan Page on Facebook"
"JERSEY BOY: The Life and Mob Slaying of Frankie DePaula Group on Facebook"
"Audio interview with Adeyinka Makinde, author of JERSEY BOY: The Life and Mob Slaying of Frankie DePaula on Talkin' Boxing With Billy C, September 2010"
Kane, Martin http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/vault/article/magazine/MAG1082063/index.htm Frankie the Banger gets Banged Sports Illustrated (1969)
Makinde, Adeyinka http://www.saddoboxing.com/ade3.html Frankie DePaula: In Memoriam saddoboxing.com (2001)
Makinde, Adeyinka http://adeyinkamakinde.blogspot.co.uk/2011/03/mysteries-of-frankie-depaula.htmlThe Mysteries of Frankie DePaula eastsideboxing.com (2006)
Makinde, Adeyinka http://adeyinkamakinde.blogspot.co.uk/2011/03/frankie-depaula-versus-bob-foster-22nd.html Frankie DePaula's Curious Bout with Bob Foster eastsideboxing.com (2009)
Klimes, Michael http://adeyinkamakinde.blogspot.co.uk/2011/03/book-review-of-jersey-boy-at.html The Weigh-in: JERSEY BOY: The Life and Mob Slaying of Frankie DePaula by Adeyinka Makinde eastsideboxing.com (2010)
Mulcahey, Marty http://www.maxboxing.com/news/max-boxing-news/a-real-jersey-boy A Real Jersey Boy maxboxing.com (2010)
1939 births
1970 deaths
Boxers from New Jersey
Light-heavyweight boxers
Sportspeople from Jersey City, New Jersey
Male murder victims
Deaths by firearm in New Jersey
People murdered in New Jersey
American male boxers
Than Sadet–Ko Pha-ngan () is a national park in southern Thailand, protecting mostly on the island Pha-ngan. The park was established on December 31, 1983. It covers an area of , and was enlarged to its present size on February 10, 1999.
The park is named after the royal visit of Rama V, Than Sadet (lit. Royal River) who came to the island to visit the waterfall first in 1888, then returned as many as fourteen times over the next 21 years. Rama V's initials can still be seen carved in a commemorative rock near the estuary of the river where the waterfall empties into the sea at Than Sadet Bay. The river itself forms a series of waterfalls and rock pools along its 2.5 km length, providing excellent trekking possibilities for the experienced. Several other Thai monarchs have visited the site including the late King Rama IX.
Khao Ra is both the highest elevation of the park and of the whole island of Pha-ngan, peaking at 727 m above sea level.
In addition to the forest on Pha-ngan itself, the park also includes several small islands north of Pha-ngan, including Wao and Hin Bai archipelago.
References
External links
National Park, Wildlife and Plant Conservation Department
National parks of Thailand
Geography of Surat Thani province
Protected areas established in 1983
Tourist attractions in Surat Thani province
1983 establishments in Thailand
Thomas Crooke (c.1545–1598) was a sixteenth-century English clergyman, who was noted for their strongly Calvinist views. They were the father of several children, including the lawyer and politician Sir Thomas Crooke, 1st Baronet, founder of the town of Baltimore, County Cork, and of Helkiah Crooke, Court physician to King James I.
Life
They were born at Cransley in Northamptonshire. From their will, we know that they had several siblings and that their father after their mother's death remarried a Mrs. Joyner, who was still alive in 1595. Their son Thomas in their will of 1629 left a legacy to "my good old Aunt Hudson", who was probably the elder Thomas's sister; they were still alive in 1635. Sir George Croke, one of the High Court judges who heard the Case of Ship Money, is sometimes referred to as their cousin, but the exact connection between them is unclear.
They went to school in Stamford and matriculated at Trinity College, Cambridge in 1560, becoming scholar in 1562, Bachelor of Arts 1563 and Master of Arts 1566. They were ordained in 1568 in Norwich and presented to the living of Great Waldingfield, Suffolk in 1571. They graduated Doctor of Theology from Pembroke College, Cambridge in 1578.
Great Waldingfield- Thomas was vicar here from 1571
From the beginning of their career, they belonged to the "godly elite", the circle of Calvinist clerics who included John Foxe, Thomas Cartwright, John Field and Thomas Wilcox, all of whom were friends of his. They were a member of the conference which first met in 1570 to press an ambitious programme of ecclesiastical reform on Parliament. Unlike some of their colleagues, they left no published works behind him, and does not seem to have played a leading part in the religious debates of the time. However their strong Calvinist views were well known to the Church authorities; possibly as a precaution against any action being taken, they obtained the position of preacher to Gray's Inn, being "specially appointed" to it in 1582. They combined this with the living of St. Mary Woolchurch. This apparently saved them from a serious clash with either John Aylmer, Bishop of London or John Whitgift, Archbishop of Canterbury; the authorities even enlisted them from time to time to engage in controversy with the Jesuits. They became reader at St Peter, Westcheap in 1597. They died in 1598 and as requested in their will (a very long and detailed one) they were buried in St. Mary Woolchurch "without superstition or vanity... since it is there that a great part of my poor labours has been bestowed for many years".
Family
Their wife was a Miss Samuel. In addition to Sir Thomas Crooke, they had four sons: Samuel, a preacher of some note, Helkiah Crooke, Court physician to King James I, John, and Richard. They had four daughters: Sarah, who married Stephen Egerton, another of the godly elite, Rachel, who married Henry Rosse, a London goldsmith, Anne and Elizabeth. John may have died before 1630 since Thomas' eldest son, Sir Thomas Crooke, does not mention them (unlike their three brothers) in their will; from this will we also know that Rachel (by then "much impoverished") was still alive in 1630. Sarah had died in 1624; in their will, they left to their brother Thomas their husband's ring "with a death's head", to Samuel their wedding ring, and small sums of money to their other siblings. Through Sarah's husband Stephen Egerton the Crookes had a family connection with John Winthrop, the celebrated Governor of Massachusetts Bay Colony, who married Stephen's niece Margaret Tyndal Winthrop.
References
Usher, Brett "Thomas Crooke" Oxford Dictionary of National Biography 2004
Ekin, Des The Stolen Village-Baltimore and the Barbary Pirates O'Brien Press Dublin 2008
Notes
16th-century English Puritan ministers
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
People from North Northamptonshire
1540s births
1598 deaths
People from Babergh District
Christian Friedrich Gottlob Wilke (13 March 1769 – 31 July 1848) was a German organist, composer, music teacher, music writer and organ revisor.
Life and career
Education
Born in Spandau, Wilke received their first music lessons from their father, a teacher in Spandau. Later, the Spandau organist and singer bass Heinrich Neumann taught the then eight-year-old to play the organ. At the age of ten they were already occasionally playing the organ in the church of Spandau on Sundays, and later in Charlottenburg.
Since they were to study evangelical theology according to their father's wishes, they attended the (Domgymnasium) in Brandenburg from the age of 13. In accordance with their musical inclination, they exerted themselves above all in the music lessons of the teacher and Brandenburg organist of the St. Gotthardt Church Michael Ehregott Grose (1747–1795) and received private lessons from them on the organ and in continuo. They distinguished themselves by participating in concerts of the Rittercollegium, especially as a pianist. In their spare time they attended the workshop of the organ builder Johann Wilhelm Grüneberg (1751–1808).
After three years in Brandenburg, Wilke moved to the Evangelisches Gymnasium zum Grauen Kloster in Berlin. Their interest in organ building intensified through visits to organ workshops, for example the organ builders Carl August Buchholz (1796–1806) and Ernst Julius Marx (1728–1799). In addition, they attended concerts, partly as a listener and partly as a participant, and studied books on musical art and organ building on their own. Through mediation they received lessons in musical composition from Christian Kalkbrenner (1755–1806), the Kapellmeister of the Prussian Queen.
Organist and teacher
On 27 July 1791, Wilke took up their first post as organist in Spandau. They also gave private music lessons. After Prussia's defeat by France in 1806, their position was cancelled and they had to live – now in Charlottenburg – solely on their income as a private teacher.
From 1 December 1809, they were music teacher at the Friedrich-Wilhelms-Gymnasium in Neuruppin as well as cantor and organist at both churches in the town, the Pfarrkirche St. Marien and the Klosterkirche St. Trinitatis.
Freemason
In Neuruppin, Wilke initiated the founding of a masonic lodge in 1811, which was then officially opened in 1812 under the name Ferdinand zum Rothen Adler. Wilke had declined to take on the office of Worshipful Master, but was deputised (deputy) Master from 1813 and very active in lodge work in general. From 1834 to 1838, they were still Master of the Chair, but according to the chronicler they were already too old and too weak for the leadership of the Lodge. Already in this year, they fell ill for a long time, had to take a trip to the baths, lost their wife in the following year and thus fell more and more ill, both physically and mentally. In 1838, they were then appointed Honorary Master and in 1842 also Honorary Member of the friendly Lodge "Constantia" in Kyritz.
Music writer and organ reviewer
Wilke began their publishing career in 1811 with a description of the organ in the parish church at Neuruppin, but afterwards also published a Leitfaden zum praktischen Gesang-Unterricht (Berlin 1812) and in 1816 an article Ueber den jetzigen Verfall des Kirchengesanges, und über seine Verbesserung. Es folgten viele weitere Beiträge, überwiegend zu Fragen des Orgelbaus (s. u.).
Soon they were also involved as an expert in the acceptance of newly built organs; for example, they were revisor of the organ built in 1816 by Johann Tobias Turley (1773–1829) from Treuenbrietzen in Hohenbruch. As inspector (Commissarius / Revisor) in organ building matters they were sworn in by the royal government in Potsdam, and on 24. On August 24, 1821, the government announced that through the active and tireless cooperation of the artistically competent Mr. Wilke, several important organs had been built in recent years, and that their advice should therefore be sought before submitting an application for the purchase of organs.
However, due to the preference given to the self-taught baker Turley, who had become an organ builder, and the neglect of regularly trained organ builders (such as Friedrich Emanuel Marx and Gottlieb Heise), complaints against Wilke became increasingly loud, eventually led by Carl Friedrich Zelter and August Wilhelm Bach, the directors of the Berlin Königliches Musik-Institut Berlin, founded in 1822. As a result, in 1825 the Prussian Minister of Culture Karl vom Stein zum Altenstein forbade the government in Potsdam from continuing to entrust Wilke with revisions and appointed Bach as Commissarius for Organ Affairs in the Kgl. Oberbaudeputation. Wilke now had to seek clients for organ revisions among the municipal magistrates in more remote regions of Prussia (Altmark and Silesia) as well as in neighbouring countries (Mecklenburg and Anhalt). In doing so, they then also collaborated several times with Friedrich Turley, the son and successor of Tobias Turley.
After the construction of the large organ in the Marienkirche in Wismar from 1839 to 1841, which partly deviated from their design, Wilke got into fierce disputes with other organ experts (including Bach) and also with the organist in Neubrandenburg after two revisions (1841 and 1843). These disputes, which were persistently carried out in journals and pamphlets, lasted until the end of their life – a Letztes Wort des Musikdirektors Wilke über die Bau-Angelegenheiten der Orgeln zu Wismar und Neubrandenburg, und die daraus hervorgegangenen bösartigen Veröffentlichungen, mit denen derselbe von den Organisten Baake zu Halberstadt und Gerlach zu Neubrandenburg, seit einigen Jahren, und zwar noch bis jetzt verfolgt wurde was published shortly before their death.
Inventor
Wilke invented an instrument for tuning the piano and called it Octochord
The improvement of the invention of the Rohrwerke mit durchschlagenden Zungen in organ pipes and the identification of all related inventors also goes back to him. A "compensation mixture" invented by Wilke was subsequently installed in the organ of St. Marien in Wismar on the basis of an additional agreement between the music director and the organ builder Schulze with the necessary pipes.
Honours
Appointment as music director on 12 March 1821.
Awarded the Great Gold Medal for Art and Science in 1830 by King Frederick William IV of Prussia in recognition of their Composition with Harmony Accompaniment, which was publicly performed by a choir of 120 singers and numerous instrumentalists under Wilke's direction on 26 August 1829 at the dedication of the monument to King Frederick William II of Prussia designed by Karl Friedrich Schinkel and created by Christian Friedrich Tieck. They also composed other cantatas, motets and other church music; they donated the proceeds from their concerts to impecunious inhabitants of the respective venue or poor schoolchildren.
Honorary membership in the German National Association for Music and its Science (under the presidency of Louis Spohr) in 1839.
Written, honourable acknowledgements of work for youth as well as for art and science by authorities and by King Frederick William IV of Prussia – according to their own statement.
Award of the Order of the Red Eagle IV Class on the occasion of their retirement in 1845.
50th anniversary of service
On 27 July 1841, Wilke celebrated their 50th anniversary of service in Neuruppin. Tributes to the jubilarian were paid by the city and the citizenry, including. Among other things, with a banquet and an evening fireworks display. Festive music was provided by the garrison choir and an external military orchestra. Among the well-wishers were a delegation from the city of Spandau and other guests of honour such as the composer Gottfried Wilhelm Fink (1783–1846), who had composed a song for the jubilarian. Also present were the district administrator of the Friedrich Graf von Zieten (1765–1854), the composer (1780–1856) and some of Wilke's former pupils, including the organist and composer David Hermann Engel (1816–1877), to whom they had given their first organ lessons.
Pensioner in Treuenbrietzen
After their retirement in 1845, Wilke moved in with their foster daughter in Treuenbrietzen. They had married a merchant there in 1844. However, the close relative died before them at the beginning of 1847.
During their lifetime, Wilke donated their music library to the Potsdam schoolteachers' seminary, and in their will they donated 4000 Rth. to supplement the salary of their successors in office.
In the biographical-genealogical reference work Eduard Maria Oettinger's Moniteur des Dates of 1868, Wilke's occupation was listed as "organist", the exact date of birth and death, as well as "Karl Friedrich" as their first name, in addition to their last place of residence. Already in the necrology for him, it said about their person: "K. F. G. Wilke" – overlooked was probably the correction made shortly afterwards by the author, who apologised with the poor handwriting of their source and clarified: "Wilke's baptismal names are Christian Friedrich Gottlob".
Wilke died in Treuenbrietzen at the age of 79.
Publications
Wilke was a correspondent for the Leipzig Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung, and also wrote articles for the Caecilia, eine Zeitschrift für die musikalische Welt (edited by Gottfried Weber), as well as for the Berliner allgemeine musikalische Zeitung (edited by Adolf Bernhard Marx). They also wrote a number of specialist books.
The organ in Neuruppin .... In: Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung, No. 13 of 27 March 1811, columns 217–224; continued ibid. in No. 14 of 3 April 1811, columns 231–239
Leitfaden zum praktischen Gesangsunterrichte für Elementarschulen, besonders auf dem Lande. Verlag Maurer, Berlin 1812.
Remarks on organ building, namely organ bellows. With a postscript by Gottfried Weber. In Caecilia, 1830, issue 48,
Beschreibung einer in der Kirche zu Perleberg im Jahre 1831 aufgestellten neuen Orgel [mit der Abbildung der Orgel von Friedrich Turley]. Publisher Buch- und Musikalienhandlung Oehmigke & Riemschneider, Neu-Ruppin/Gransee 1832.
Description of the St. Catharine Church organ in the new town at Salzwedel ... [by Friedrich Turley, 1838]. Trautwein Publishing House, Berlin 1839.
On the importance and indispensability of organ mixtures ... . Berlin 1839.
Appreciation of a missive of the organist C. Gerlach ... . Hamburg/Leipzig 1846.
They also wrote the organ articles for Gustav Schilling's Encyclopädie der gesammten musikalischen Wissenschaften oder Universal-Lexicon der Tonkunst, on which, for example, the Dresden cross organist Christian Gottlob Höpner (1799–1859) referred to in a public dispute about the "flexibility of the organ tone".
Wilke's views on organ building were not shared by all their contemporaries, e.g. communicated by the cathedral organist in Halberstadt Ferdinand Baake (1800–1881) in Beschreibung der großen Orgel der Marienkirche zu Wismar sowie der großen Halberstadt Cathedral und der St. Martinikirche zu Halberstadt. A contribution to the illumination and appreciation of the peculiar views and principles of Herr Musikdirektor Wilke zu Neu-Ruppin in relation to the art of organ building. This publication was preceded by an Open missive to Messrs Musik-Direktor W. Bach in Berlin, organist Baake in Halberstadt and organist Friese in Wismar, concerning the organ to be installed in the St. Marienkirche zu Wismar, and the achievements of the organ builder Mr Schulze from , in organ building, which Wilke wrote under their title "Music Director in Neu-Ruppin" for the new organ building from 1839 to 1841 had written. The Urania, a "musikalische Zeitschrift zur Belehrung und Unterhaltung für Deutschlands Organisten" (musical journal for instruction and entertainment for Germany's organists), summarised the dispute in 1847 under the heading "Kämpfe auf dem Gebiet der Orgelbaukunst" (battles in the field of organ building).
References
External links
Hugo Riemann: Musik-Lexikon – Theorie und Geschichte der Musik, die Tonkünstler alter und neuer Zeit mit Angabe ihrer Werke, nebst einer vollständiger Instrumentenkunde. Leipzig 1882, keyword: Wilke, Christian Friedrich Gottlieb
Obituary C. F. G. Wilke in the music journal Urania, Nr. 7/1848,
Nekrolog in Allgemeine Musikalische Zeitung, No. 48 29 November 1848
German classical organists
German composers
German music educators
German Freemasons
1769 births
1848 deaths
Musicians from Berlin
Timothy S. McCune (born March 30, 1963) is an American business person and former journalist known primarily as former president of Integrated Wave Technologies, Inc., and current president of Linear Integrated Systems, Inc.
McCune in 2004 became president of Integrated Wave Technologies, Inc., a company founded in 1992 to combine the talents of Silicon Valley pioneer John H. Hall with former Soviet scientists who had worked with speech recognition.
McCune traveled extensively in Iraq and Afghanistan to complete testing and development of IWT's flagship product, the Voice Response Translator (VRT).
In 2008, Inc Magazine named IWT the 200th Fastest Growing Company in the US.
In 2010, McCune was named as sole inventor in a patent related to IWT's work for DARPA, US Patent 7,707,035.
DARPA subsequently awarded IWT with a contract for the purchase of 2,000 licenses for the digital version of the highly successful VRT application for Android systems.
In 2014, McCune was named president of Linear Integrated Systems, Inc., after the death of company founder John H. Hall.  They are a member of the board of directors of Linear Integrated Systems and remains on the board of IWT.
McCune published in December, 2017 a novel based on their travels to Afghanistan and Russia entitled, “Last Call in Kabul.” The book peaked at No.1 on Kindle in the Russian Fiction subcategory and No. 8 in the War Fiction subcategory.
References
1963 births
Living people
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American inventors
John Nelson Shanks (December 23, 1937 – August 28, 2015) was an American artist and painter. Their best known works include their portrait of Diana, Princess of Wales, first shown at Hirschl & Adler Gallery in New York City, April 24 to June 28, 1996 and the portrait of president Bill Clinton for the National Portrait Gallery.
Shanks had been on the faculty of the Memphis Academy of Arts, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Art Students League of New York, the National Academy of Design and Studio Incamminati and was a resident of Andalusia, Pennsylvania. They were an honorary member of the American Society of Classical Realism Guild of Artists.
Shanks was a painter, teacher and art historian influential in the revival of Classical Realism in the United States. Their portraits of royalty, politicians and celebrities added to their international profile as one of the foremost contemporary figurative painters. Shanks' philosophies and skills were shared through their teaching at various public and private institutions. In 2002, they founded Studio Incamminati in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania with their wife, Leona Shanks; an academy dedicated to the study, practice and spread of realist art using the philosophy and techniques espoused by Shanks.
Early life
Shanks was born in Rochester, New York. They lived in Wilmington, Delaware for most of their childhood. They studied at the Kansas City Art Institute and in New York City at the National Academy of Design and the Art Students League. At New York's Art Students League, they earned their tuition serving as a monitor in classes taught by Robert Brackman, Ivan Olinsky and Edwin Dickinson. They studied privately with John Koch and Henry Hensche. Grants from the Elizabeth Greenshields Foundation and the Stacey Foundation allowed them to study in Florence with Pietro Annigoni at the Accademia de Belle Arti. They then taught in Memphis, Chicago and Pennsylvania, where they maintained a studio for over three decades.
Career
Commissioned work
Their portrait of Diana, Princess of Wales was completed in 1996. The painting was first shown at Hirschl & Adler Gallery in New York City, April 24 to June 28, 1996 and now hangs in the Princess's ancestral home at Althorp. Their other commissions include John Paul II, President Ronald Reagan, President Bill Clinton, and Luciano Pavarotti.
Exhibitions
Their work has been exhibited in museums and galleries worldwide, including the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., the Royal Palace in Stockholm, Kensington Palace in London and Fortezza Firmafede in Sarzana, Italy. During the summer and fall of 2011, they had solo exhibitions in Russia at the Russian Museum, St. Petersburg and the Russian Academy of Art, Moscow. They were one of two living American painters to have been invited to exhibit at either of these venues.
Other exhibition of Shanks' work at museums and galleries have included the National Academy of Design; Hirschl & Adler Galleries; Coe Kerr and FAR Galleries in New York; Dayton Art Institute; the Butler Institute of American Art; the Art Institute of Chicago; the Philadelphia Art Alliance; the New Jersey State Museum; the National Gallery of Art; the Philadelphia Museum of Art; Oklahoma University; the University of Pennsylvania; Temple University, Jefferson University, Johns Hopkins University; the College of William and Mary; the Allentown Art Museum, the Palmer Museum of Art; George Washington University; the University of the Arts; Oglethorpe University Museum; LaSalle University; the Royal Palace, Stockholm; Kensington Palace, London; and the historic Filoli Estate, California. A major one-man exhibition was held at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts as well as the Hirschl & Adler exhibition, "Yanks Paint Brits." In August 2004, the city of Sarzana, Italy hosted a one-man exhibition entitled 'Dal Maestro'/'From the Master', in a fifteenth-century fortress called Fortezza Firmafede. The Woodmere Art Museum, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, also hosted an exhibition 'Dal Maestro' in October, 2004, of more than fifty works by Nelson Shanks. In addition, their work is held in distinguished collections worldwide.
Portraiture
Known for their skill in capturing the complex nature of their subjects, Shanks' portraits have contributed to their reputation as one of the foremost contemporary figurative painters. Among their notable commissions are Diana, Princess of Wales, Pope John Paul II for the Vatican Museum, Margaret Thatcher, U.S. Presidents Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton for the National Portrait Gallery. Significant commissions also include Luciano Pavarotti for the Metropolitan Opera, Mstislav Rostropovich for the Kennedy Center, Denyce Graves for the National Portrait Gallery and the private collection at Althorp of Charles, Lord Spencer. Other portraits include King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden and Queen Silvia of Sweden, Queen Juliana of the Netherlands, J. Carter Brown, Katharine Graham, Judge Guido Calabresi, Surgeon General Dr. C. Everett Koop, Robert Wood Johnson, Jr., James Burke, Marcus Wallenberg, Dr. Peter Wallenberg, Ms. Darla Moore, Mr. Lionel Pincus, Mr. Jerry Speyer, Chairman of the Board, Museum of Modern Art, Arthur O. Sulzberger Sr., Chairman of the Board, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Chairman Emeritus New York Times, Mary McFadden, United States Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg and many others. Their work has been exhibited in museums and galleries worldwide, including the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., the Royal Palace in Stockholm, Sweden, Kensington Palace in London and Fortezza Firmafede in Sarzana, Italy.
In 2015, Shanks said they had hidden a secret reference to the blue dress worn by Monica Lewinsky into the official portrait of President Bill Clinton hanging in the National Portrait Gallery by way of a shadow.
Teaching
Shanks was a realist, attempting to capture the essence of their subjects through acute observation and technical skill. Whether the subject was still life, landscape or figurative, the work was meant to evoke emotion and challenge the viewer to make close examination. In the words of the artist, "The Realistic painting must be nothing less than a meditation on the nature of existence and the individual. It must create likeness with the power to kindle the observer's imagination and awaken memories.... It must encompass all that the Realist painter sees before their eyes and therefore feels in their heart."
Shanks' teaching philosophy emphasized the importance of gaining knowledge and training the student to "see" with the understanding that it takes years of concentration and practice to become a highly skilled painter. Throughout their career, Shanks painted nearly every day of the year—landscape, still life, the figure and portraits. They set goals to grow and improve with every painting and encouraged students to do the same.
Shanks taught on the faculty of the Art Institute of Chicago, the Art Students League, National Academy of Design, George Washington University and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, among others. They established an apprentice program at their Bucks County home and studio, where artists received room, board and instruction at no cost. In the late 1990s, they launched a successful series of workshops in response to the growing need for serious art instruction. The need for students to immerse themselves deeply in their teaching principles was indicated by the high demand for and over-subscription to these workshops, which led to the decision to open a full-time atelier program in 2002, named Studio Incamminati, which can be translated from the Italian as "those who are progressing". The name also aims to invoke the spirit and practices of its namesake—the studio founded by the Renaissance artist Annibale Carracci.
Nelson, and their wife, Leona Shanks, founded Studio Incamminati to provide a place where artists devoted to realism could study painting and acquire other skills necessary for successful artistic careers. Nelson Shanks was committed to changing the world's view of art and through Studio Incamminati attracted people willing to devote time to this cause.
Reception
Recognition and awards
In 1996, Shanks was awarded the "Sargent Medal" for Lifetime Achievement by the American Society of Portrait Artists
In 2006, Governor Edward Rendell presented Shanks the Governor's Distinguished Arts Award, which recognizes a Pennsylvania artist of international fame or renown whose creations and contributions enrich the Commonwealth. Among those contributions noted were their lifelong commitment to teaching and their establishment of Studio Incamminati.
In 2009, Shanks was awarded the Gold Medal for Lifetime Achievement by the Portrait Society of America.
In 2011, for "transcendent work" and contributions to culture, the members of the Russian Academy, the centuries-old institution that governs art education and exhibitions in the Russian Federation, voted to make Shanks an honorary member of their ranks.
Death and legacy
Shanks died of prostate cancer at their home in Andalusia, Pennsylvania on August 28, 2015 at the age of 77.
Their son Alexander Shanks (b. 1996) is also a painter.
Further reading
References
External links
obituary
Artist mad Clinton portrait with Lewinsky reference isn't on display
American portrait painters
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
1937 births
2015 deaths
Kansas City Art Institute alumni
National Academy of Design alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Artists from Rochester, New York
Painters from New York (state)
20th-century American male artists
A solenoid is a type of electromagnet formed by a coil of wire
Solenoid may also refer to:
Solenoid (engineering), an actuator which uses an electromagnet to convert electrical energy to mechanical energy
Starter solenoid, part of an automobile ignition system; also called a starter relay
Transmission solenoid
Solenoidal vector field, a vector field in mathematics characterized as having zero divergence
Solenoid (DNA) in genetics
Solenoid (mathematics)
Solenoid (meteorology)
Solenoid valve
Solenoid protein domain
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Ciney. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Ciney
Ciney
Rowan County (, ) is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kentucky, in the Eastern Kentucky Coalfield region. As of the 2020 census, the population was 24,662. Its county seat is Morehead. The county was created in 1856 from parts of Fleming and Morgan counties, and named after John Rowan, who represented Kentucky in the House of Representatives and the Senate. With regard to the sale of alcohol, it is classified as a moist county in which alcohol sales are prohibited, but unlike a dry county, it contains a "wet" city, Morehead, where packaged alcohol sales are allowed.
History
It is believed that Rowan County was first explored by those of European descent in 1773 by a party of surveyors from Pennsylvania. The first settlement was established in Farmers, a town 10 miles west of Morehead. Its population rapidly increased due its fertile farming land and proximity to water sources. Additional settlers came to Rowan County from Virginia in the late 18th century after being awarded land grants at the end of the American Revolutionary War. Clearfield was the second settlement established in the county, being colonized by a Virginia aristocrat named Dixon Clack in the early 1800s. It accommodated the first sawmill in the county.
In 1854, Morehead became the third community to be settled in the area. Colonel John Hargis founded the city after purchasing land in the county, naming it after governor James Morehead. Rowan County came into existence in May 1856, seceding from Morgan County and Fleming County. It was divided into four districts with Morehead being declared the county seat. In 1896, a tax was levied on Morehead, sourcing it with the revenue needed to construct hard surface roads. The road system was extended to Farmers by 1920.
In summer 2015, Rowan County attracted national attention when County Clerk Kim Davis refused, on grounds of religion, to follow a court order requiring them to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.3%) is water. Its highest point is "Limestone Knob" at about above mean sea level.
Adjacent counties
Lewis County (north)
Carter County (northeast)
Elliott County (east)
Morgan County (south)
Menifee County (southwest)
Bath County (west)
Fleming County (northwest)
National protected area
Daniel Boone National Forest (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2010, there were 23,333 people and 7,956 households residing in the county. The population density was . There were 10,102 housing units at an average density of . The racial make-up was 96.1% White, 1.5% Black or African American, 0.1% Native American, 0.8% Asian, 0% Pacific Islander, and 1.0% from two or more races. 1.3% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,956 households, of which 19.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.40% were married couples living together, 10.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.20% were non-families. 27.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.91.
The age distribution was 20.30% under the age of 18, 23.50% from 18 to 24, 25.90% from 25 to 44, 20.00% from 45 to 64, and 10.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. Both the unusually large portion of the population in the 18-to-24 range and the relatively low median age are mainly because of the presence of Morehead State University. For every 100 females there were 94.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.10 males.
The median household income was $33,081. Males had a median income of $26,777 and females $20,104. The per capita income was $13,888. About 15.90% of families and 21.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.80% of those under age 18 and 16.20% of those age 65 or over.
In 2014, the county had 14,263 registered voters. Of these, 9,394 were Democrats, 3,929 were Republicans, and 626 listed themselves as members of other parties.
Politics
Rowan County is known as a swing county. It voted Republican in 2000, 2012, 2016, and 2020 and Democratic in 2004 and 2008, but in most of those elections the winning candidate won by small margins. This changed in 2016 when Republican Donald Trump won the county with nearly 59% of the vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton's 37%, the largest margin of victory since Jimmy Carter won the county in 1976. Rowan County was one of four counties in Eastern Kentucky to vote for Barack Obama in 2008. It is the only county in the eastern coalfields where the Republican nominee Donald Trump never won over 60% of the vote.
Legal compliance
In June and July 2015, the Rowan county clerk, Kim Davis, refused several residents their right to marry, a right guaranteed by the ruling of the Supreme Court on June 26, 2015, that same-sex marriages are legal across the entirety of the United States. Privately held religious belief was given as the reason for non-compliance with the Court's ruling and with the state governor's executive order of June 26 instructing all state agencies and clerks to comply with it.
Media
The Morehead News – local paper
WMKY – Morehead State University radio
W10BM – TV
Rowan Review – local online news
The Trail Blazer – Morehead State University newspaper
News Center - Morehead State University Television
Communities
Cities
Lakeview Heights
Morehead (county seat)
Census-designated place
Farmers
Other unincorporated communities
Clearfield
Cranston
Elliottville
Gates
Haldeman
Hayes Crossing
Hilda
Paragon
Pelfrey
Rodburn
Sharkey
Smile
Triplett
Wagner Corner
Notable people
Kim Davis – Rowan County Clerk who was jailed for refusing to comply with a federal court order directing them to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples following the United States Supreme Court decision in Obergefell vs. Hodges.
Cora Wilson Stewart (1875–1958) - First woman to be elected to the position of the president of the Kentucky Education Association. Opened Moonlight School, first in Rowan County, Kentucky, and then across the United States, to educate illiterate adults at night in the schools where children studied during the day.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rowan County, Kentucky
References
Specific
General
Wet Dry map
External links
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Rowan County Sheriff's Department
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1856 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1856
William Baker Faville (1866-1946) was an American architect.
They were born in California, did some growing up in western New York State, studied Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
They met Walter Danforth Bliss, with whom they later partnered, and they both then worked for McKim, Mead & White. They returned to the west coast and stayed.
A number of their works are listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).
Works they are associated with include:
San Rafael Improvement Club, 1800 5th Ave., San Rafael, CA, designed to serve as the Victrola Pavilion in the 1915 San Francisco exposition, relocated and repurposed in 1916. NRHP-listed.
Oakland Hotel, 260 13th St., Oakland, CA, (Bliss & Faville), NRHP-listed
Oakland Public Library (1900–01), 659 14th St., Oakland, CA, (Bliss & Faville), NRHP-listed
Rialto Building, 116 New Montgomery St., San Francisco, CA (Bliss and Faville), NRHP-listed
Southern Pacific Railroad Company's Sacramento Depot, 5th and I Sts., Sacramento, CA (Bliss & Faville), NRHP-listed
US Post Office-Willows Main, 315 W. Sycamore St., Willows, CA (Faville, William B.), NRHP-listed
Woman's Athletic Club of San Francisco, 640 Sutter St., San Francisco, CA (Faville, William B.), NRHP-listed
The second Saint Francis Hotel (1902 to 1904), 301-345 Powell Street on Union Square in San Francisco, destroyed in 1906 earthquake
The third Saint Francis Hotel (1906).
References
1866 births
1946 deaths
Architects from California
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
20th-century American architects
WNSN (101.5 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station in South Bend, Indiana. It is owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting and airs an adult contemporary radio format known as Sunny 101.5. WNSN is usually the market's top rated radio station according to the Nielsen ratings. Sunny 101.5 carries Delilah's syndicated love songs show in the evening from Premiere Networks. Most weekends it features 1980s hits. From mid-November to Dec. 26, WNSN switches to all Christmas music.
The studios and offices are on East Douglas Road in Mishawaka. The transmitter is off Ironwood Road, south of downtown South Bend. It is co-located with sister station 960 WSBT's tower.
History
WSBT-FM, WWJY and WTHQ
The station signed on the air on August 1, 1962, as WSBT-FM. At first it simulcast the middle of the road (MOR) format of music, news and sports, on its AM counterpart, 960 WSBT. In the late 1960s, WSBT-FM began separate programming, airing beautiful music. From the mid-1970s until 1981, the station was WWJY, using the Schulke beautiful music package.
In 1981, the station shifted to adult contemporary music as WTHQ, using the Satellite Music Network's StarStation format. In 1984, the station switched to locally programmed AC music, with the call letters WNSN. The SN stands for "SuNny 101.5."
Ownership Changes
Longtime owner Schurz Communications announced on September 14, 2015, that it would exit broadcasting and sell its television and radio stations, including WNSN, to Gray Television for $442.5 million. The sale separated WNSN from both the station's longtime co-owned newspaper, the South Bend Tribune (which Schurz kept until 2019), and WSBT-TV 22 (which was sold separately due to Gray's existing ownership of WNDU-TV 16).
Gray initially said it would keep Schurz' radio stations. But on November 2, it announced that Mid-West Family Broadcasting would acquire WNSN and Schurz's other South Bend radio stations for $5.5 million. The purchase by Mid-West was consummated on February 16, 2016.
References
External links
Sunny 101.5 website
NSN
Radio stations established in 1962
1962 establishments in Indiana
Adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
The list of shipwrecks in 1925 includes ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during 1925.
January
2 January
3 January
4 January
6 January
8 January
10 January
12 January
13 January
14 January
18 January
19 January
20 January
21 January
23 January
24 January
25 January
26 January
28 January
29 January
30 January
February
1 February
2 February
3 February
9 February
10 February
14 February
15 February
16 February
17 February
21 February
22 February
23 February
24 February
25 February
27 February
28 February
March
1 March
4 March
8 March
9 March
11 March
12 March
13 March
14 March
15 March
16 March
19 March
20 March
21 March
23 March
24 March
27 March
28 March
30 March
31 March
April
2 April
3 April
4 April
5 April
7 April
10 April
12 April
13 April
14 April
16 April
17 April
21 April
28 April
29 April
Unknown date
May
1 May
2 May
8 May
9 May
10 May
11 May
12 May
14 May
15 May
18 May
19 May
20 May
21 May
22 May
23 May
24 May
25 May
26 May
27 May
29 May
31 May
June
1 June
3 June
5 June
6 June
7 June
10 June
11 June
12 June
13 June
14 June
15 June
16 June
18 June
19 June
20 June
24 June
26 June
27 June
28 June
29 June
30 June
July
3 July
5 July
10 July
11 July
13 July
14 July
15 July
17 July
19 July
20 July
22 July
23 July
24 July
25 July
27 July
28 July
30 July
31 July
August
1 August
2 August
3 August
5 August
6 August
7 August
9 August
11 August
13 August
14 August
15 August
16 August
17 August
21 August
23 August
24 August
26 August
28 August
Unknown date
September
1 September
2 September
3 September
4 September
5 September
8 September
10 September
14 September
15 September
16 September
19 September
21 September
23 September
24 September
26 February
25 September
28 September
29 September
October
2 October
3 October
4 October
6 October
8 October
9 October
10 October
13 October
14 October
15 October
16 October
18 October
19 October
21 October
22 October
23 October
24 October
26 October
27 October
28 October
30 October
Unknown date
November
1 November
2 November
3 November
5 November
6 November
9 November
11 November
12 November
15 November
16 November
17 November
18 November
19 November
20 November
21 November
22 November
23 November
24 November
25 November
26 November
27 November
28 November
29 November
30 November
Unknown date
December
1 December
3 December
4 December
5 December
6 December
7 December
8 December
9 December
10 December
11 December
12 December
13 December
15 December
16 December
17 December
18 December
20 December
21 December
22 December
23 December
24 December
25 December
27 December
28 December
29 December
30 December
31 December
Unknown date
Unknown date
References
1925
Ships
Sara Hussein Akbar () is a Kuwaiti chemical petroleum engineer, women's rights advocate, and co-founder and former chief executive officer of Kuwait Energy. Akbar is recognized as a "national hero" due to their involvement in the Kuwaiti oil fires which were later depicted in the Academy Award nominated documentary Fires of Kuwait. For their firefighting efforts, they were awarded the Global 500 Roll of Honour from the United Nations Environmental Program. Akbar is one of the first women oil sector company executives from the Arabian Peninsula. They served as the director of the Society of Petroleum Engineers in 2007.
Early life and education
Akbar grew up in a large family, including their mother and father, as well as nine brothers and sisters. Them father was an oil driller. They earned their bachelor's degree as part of Kuwait University's first graduating class of Chemical Engineers in 1981.
Career
Akbar began their career working in departmental offices before attaining a position as a petroleum engineer for Kuwait Oil Company. They subsequently worked there in fire-fighting operations, as superintendent of petroleum engineering, and as R&D specialist. Between 1981 and 1999, Akbar worked in the oil sector at Kuwait Energy, a company they co-founded and served as CEO.  They are the first woman to hold a leading position in the Middle East oil and gas industry. During the 1990 invasion of Kuwait by Iraq, most of the oil wells in the country (80%) were attacked by Saddam Hussein's army. Akbar was the lone woman on a rogue team of petroleum engineers who acted against orders to take on the dangerous task of dousing oil well fires. They believe it was their familiarity with the wells that allowed their team to be successful: "I worked on the oilfields, offshore and onshore, day and night, and the result of this work was that I knew the oilfields very well... There were 800 wells and I knew every single one like the back of my hand." Their efforts were later shown in Fires of Kuwait, a 1992 documentary that was nominated for Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
From 2001 to 2005, they were the business development manager of Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Company.
In 2006, Akbar was behind the creation of oil and gas legislation and regulations in Somalia. They also are a "catalyst" humanitarian efforts in the country. Under Akbar's direction, Kuwait Energy sponsored approximately "two hundred women to start up small business markets..."
Akbar served as the director-at-large of the Society of Petroleum Engineers in 2007.
In January 2018, Akbar became the only woman on the Board of Trustees of the Silk City and Boubyan Island development authority for the project Madinat al-Hareer. They resigned as the CEO of Kuwait Energy in 2017.
Accolades
Akbar's awards include:
Global 500 Roll of Honour – United Nations Environment Programme, 1993
Distinguished Member – Society of Petroleum Engineers, 2003
Charles F. Rand Memorial Gold Medal – American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers, 2013
Leader in Energy – Women in Leadership Awards and Forum, 2009
WOW Award (Entrepreneurship Award) – New Arab Woman Forum, 2017
Ranked 46 out of "The Top 100 Most Powerful Arab Businesswomen" by Forbes
Women's rights
In interviews, Akbar speaks about the role of women in the workplace, especially in Middle Eastern countries. They note that there is variation between the countries and should not be viewed as equivalent in their advancements of women's rights. Speaking about Kuwait and the women's rights movement, they argue, "Kuwait is top of the class in women's rights, access to education, business and work. [At the same time], the country remains way behind in terms of political rights, which we finally got four or five years ago. I strongly believe in the 'power of women,' i.e., their ability to fight for what they are entitled to and to finally win the battle. In Kuwait, this movement is quite strong." Akbar does not believe Islam imposes "social limits" on women, instead, they believe there are larger socio-cultural factors that impact women's rights.
Personal life
Akbar credits parental support as a key factor in their success, as well as the success of their siblings.  They are currently married and living in Kuwait City with their husband and three children. Akbar is Muslim.
References
External links
1958 births
20th-century business persons
20th-century women engineers
21st-century business persons
21st-century women engineers
Founders of the petroleum industry
Kuwait University alumni
Kuwaiti women's rights activists
Living people
Muslim activists
People from Kuwait City
Petroleum engineers
Women chief executives
Kuwaiti women company founders
Women chemical engineers
Kuwaiti women engineers
This is a list of episodes of the thirteenth season of The Ellen DeGeneres Show, which aired from September 2015 to June 2016.
Episodes
References
External links
13
2015 American television seasons
2016 American television seasons
For the Love of Mariastella (, also known as Turi della tonnara) is a 1946 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti. Based on a story of the Sicilian writer Giuseppe Zucca, it was mainly shot in the tonnara of Castellammare del Golfo, with some scenes shot in the tonnaras of Scopello and of San Vito Lo Capo. It is considered as a progenitor of pink neorealism.
Cast
Otello Toso as Turi della Tonnara, aka 'Malacarne'
Mariella Lotti as Mariastella
Amedeo Nazzari as Zù Bastiano
Umberto Spadaro as Fifi the Hunchback
Giovanni Grasso jr. as Raìs Pietro
Natale Cirino as the Trapanese
Anna Silena as Maruzza
Carlo Sposito as Rosalino
Rosetta Romano as Donna Agatina
Salvatore Chimenti as Don Papò
References
External links
1946 films
Italian drama films
1946 drama films
Films directed by Pino Mercanti
Italian black-and-white films
Melodrama films
1940s Italian films
The drab myzomela or Seram myzomela (Myzomela blasii) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to the islands of Seram, Boano and Ambon in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
drab myzomela
Birds of Seram
drab myzomela
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ralf Metzenmacher (July 26, 1964 – August 3, 2020) was a German painter and designer. They were an exponent and pioneer of Retro-Art, a synthesis between art and product design. Metzenmacher saw their Retro-Art technique as a revitalization of 17th century still life painting and as a further development of Pop art.
Biography
Metzenmacher was born in Aachen. They attended Aachen University of Applied Sciences (FH Aachen) from 1986 to 1991. There they studied object- and product design under Professors Christiane Maether and Ulf Hegewald, specializing in painting technique and drawing. Between 1991 and 2004 they worked as a designer for Puma. As director, towards the end of their time there they were responsible for the Footwear Europe and Accessories International division. They played a significant role in the process of transforming the sports manufacturers into an international Sports-Lifestyle brand.
From the early 1980s onwards, Metzenmacher spent more and more of their time concentrating on painting technique. They produced a multitude of paintings (genre scenes and still lifes) during their degree and alongside their job as designer. These are all documented in their book “The other world” (self-published). They worked as a freelance artist from 2004 on and lived and worked in Bamberg.
Retro-Art
Concepts
Metzenmacher used their painting technique to polarize and surprise through the regeneration of numerous concepts. They described themselves as a “paintbrush artist” and referred to their exhibition rooms as “schooruum”, an onomatopoeic reference to the English word “showroom”. They propagated the term “Retro-Art” to describe their own painting technique. As self-proclaimed “pioneer” in this area, their aim was to successfully integrate this synthesis of art and design into the Fine art world and to establish its position in the art market.
The term “retro” or “retro-aesthetic” became popular in the mass culture of the nineties, rather than through any art connection. As a movement that has penetrated film, fashion, music and custom design to a similar extent, retro has become a specific expression of a cultural orientation – the spirit of the times in the last decade of the twentieth century.
“Further development” of Pop art
Retro-art painting technique is reminiscent of Pop art, with intensive strong colours and a reduction and simplification in its presentation. However, whilst Pop art links art with graphics, Retro-Art combines art with product design. “Classic” Pop art generally uses two-dimensional images from comics or advertisements to depict (American) symbols as icons of folk culture. In contrast, Retro-Art uses three-dimensional representations and adopts a critical standpoint on current issues and trends in youth culture and lifestyle.
“Revitalisation” of still life painting technique
Some of Metzenmacher's pictures (e.g. “The Crown”) feature surreal elements, reminiscent of Salvador Dalí's work. However, Metzenmacher did not see themselves as a surrealist, but rather; more as a modern ambassador for the classical still life painting technique. The works and painting techniques of Spanish artist Francisco Zurbarán had a lasting influence upon him, as did the still life paintings of Italian artist Giorgio Morandi.
Retro-Art painting technique is effectively a “revitalisation” of 17th century still life painting technique. As a result, Metzenmacher predominately painted modern still life paintings. Depending on the particular theme, they selected simple objects in daily use (e.g. cigars, punching bags, cars) and portrayed them in an unusual way. They also used familiar symbols from the history of art (e.g. mussels, snails), often modifying or distorting them.
Individual objects are portrayed with a disciplined graphical precision. They are separated from their usual surroundings either to stand-alone or to be presented in an artistically engineered context surrounded by ethereal space. The luminescent contrasting colours distort the materiality of the objects and confound the viewer. Frames in the style of those from times gone by form an essential part of each picture.
Target group and collections
Their painting technique appeals primarily to a young and young at heart public whose interests lie in fashion, design and lifestyle products. As a result, Metzenmacher with their history in product design added “collections” to go with each original. These collections are printed art pieces which differ in colour, size and fittings (frames). This idea of different collections came from the fashion industry and were transferred to the world of art by Metzenmacher. They called their collections “edition” and “rallipan”.
Picture cycles
Metzenmacher preferred to paint picture cycles. For example, in the cycle “The Crowning of Creation” they portrayed primary and secondary female characteristics in a thought-provoking manner using snails, mussels and melons. Titles for their work include such idiosyncratic examples as “The Cherry Rose” and “The Melon Princess”. In the cycle “The Lord of the Crown” they employed sports cars and a smoldering cigar with a cock ring as symbols of masculinity.
Picture cycles from Ralf Metzenmacher
Tales from 1001 Nights (1988–89)
Subject matter: Tales from 1001 nights
Quantity: 17 paintings, various drawings – sketch book
Rallipan (1989–2004)
Subject matter: Self-portraits
Quantity: 9 paintings, several drawings – sketch book
Objects come into the picture (1991)
Subject matter: Does still-life painting still make sense today? A pictorial investigation.
Quantity: 43 paintings, 30 drawings
Beach of my Dreams (2003)
Subject matter: Human egoism and improvidence
Quantity: 14 paintings, various drawings – sketch book
The Crowning of Creation (2004–05)
Subject matter: Femininity
Quantity: 22 paintings, various drawings – sketch book
The Lord of the Crown (2006, work in progress)
Subject matter: Masculinity
Quantity: 9 paintings, various drawings – sketch book
Painting technique and materials
A glazing technique comprising layer upon layer of translucent and opaque paint, based on 17th-century methods.
Undercoat of acrylic and emulsion paint, which contrasts the smooth oil surface with the characteristic style of the top coat brush strokes.
Oils on primed canvas.
Stretcher frames in sizes appropriate to the theme.
Exhibitions (selection)
Solo exhibitions
Kunstmeile Kohlenhof, Bamberg, La Trecera – does still life painting still make sense today?, 23 July – 24 August 2004
Sparkasse Bamberg, The Crowning of Creation, 6 February – 3 March 2006
11th Bamberg Art & Antiquities week 2006, schooruum, Obere Sandstr. 2, 21 July – 21 August 2006
Kirstin Ellen Vietze Stylist & Beautician GmbH, Friedrichstr. 82, Berlin, 7 September – 10 December 2006
Group exhibitions
Humanity and nature in accord – Tales of art, Giechburg, September to October 2005
CURRICULUM ARTE. Christiane Maether and their students – the Aachen years 1982–2006, Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum, 20 May – 23 July 2006
See also
Retro
Kehinde Wiley
John Currin
References
Sources
Wolfgang Pauser: Retro-Ästhetik. In: Hubertus Butin (Ed.): DuMonts Begriffslexikon zur zeitgenössischen Kunst. DuMont Verlag, Köln 2002, S.266–270, , text in German
Adam C. Oellers (Ed.): Christiane Maether und SchülerInnen – Die Aachener Jahre 1982–2006. Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum, Aachen 2006, S. 102, , text in German
Elizabeth E. Guffey: Retro: The Culture of Revival. Reaktion, London 2006,
External links
Official Homepage
2020 deaths
1964 births
German designers
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
21st-century German painters
21st-century German male artists
Modern painters
German pop artists
Workers' Party of Spain–Communist Unity (in Spanish: Partido de los Trabajadores de España–Unidad Comunista) was a communist political party in Spain, founded by Santiago Carrillo and their followers after their expulsion from the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in October 1985.
History
Initially, the party was known as Communist Party of Spain (Revolutionary Marxist) (Partido Comunista de España (Marxista-Revolucionario)), a name still registered at the election authorities, and related to the line of Carrillo in the PCE throughout the 1970s, as the party ideology of PCE under their leadership was redefined from Marxism-Leninism to Revolutionary Marxism.
PTE-UC participated in the 1986 general election with the candidature Communists' Unity Board (Mesa para la Unidad de los Comunistas), which gathered 229,695 votes (1.1%). In the municipal elections of 1987, PTE-UC got 185,104 votes and had 179 town councillors elected. Carrillo stood as a candidate for the European Parliament election of 1987, and got 222,680 votes (1.1%).
The 1989 general elections were a complete failure, as PTE-UC only got 86,257 votes. Following the result, PTE-UC merged into the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party in 1991, and organized itself as an internal tendency called Left Unity (Unidad de la Izquierda). Its president Santiago Carrillo withdrew from politics.
Election results
References
1985 establishments in Spain
1991 disestablishments in Spain
Defunct communist parties in Spain
Political parties disestablished in 1991
Political parties established in 1985
Peg Shreve (July 23, 1927 – October 27, 2012) was an American politician who served in the Wyoming House of Representatives from the 24th district from 1979 to 1999.
They died on October 27, 2012, in Cody, Wyoming at age 85.
References
1927 births
2012 deaths
Members of the Wyoming House of Representatives
Wyoming Republicans
Maran is a rabbinic title.
Maran may also refer to:
Maran (actor) (1972–2021), an Indian Tamil film actor
Maran (surname)
Maran, Myanmar, a village in Kachin State
Maran, Iran (disambiguation), places in Iran
Maran, Pahang, Malaysia
Maran languages of Australia
the Syriac-Christian title for Jesus; see Mar
See also
Marans (disambiguation)
Maaran (disambiguation)
Kaoh Andaet District () is a district located in Takeo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 45,650.
Administration
As of 2019, Kaoh Andaet District has 6 communes, 68 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
Luxtera Inc., a subsidiary of Cisco Systems, is a semiconductor company that uses silicon photonics technology to build complex electro-optical systems in a production silicon CMOS process.
The company uses fabless manufacturing; it uses semiconductor fabrication plants of Freescale Semiconductor.
The company received $130 million in funding and was acquired by Cisco Systems in 2019 for $660 million.
History
The company was founded in 2001 by a group of professors and students at California Institute of Technology including Axel Scherer, Michael Hochberg, Tom Baehr-Jones, and Eli Yablonovitch.
In 2006, the company received a $5 million contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
In August 2007, the company introduced Blazar, a 40GB optical active cable for interconnect within high performance computer clusters using single-mode optical fiber.
In 2010, Luxtera was selected as one of MIT Technology Review's 50 Most Innovative Companies.
In February 2019, Cisco Systems acquired the company.
References
External links
2001 establishments in California
2019 mergers and acquisitions
Companies based in Carlsbad, California
Fabless semiconductor companies
Semiconductor companies of the United States
Technology companies established in 2001
Cisco Systems acquisitions
The pale-footed swallow (Orochelidon flavipes) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae. It is found in the northern Andes, from Venezuela to Bolivia. It is monotypic.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. They are usually seen in small flocks, occasionally with the blue-and-white swallow.
They are classified as a least-concern species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).
Taxonomy and etymology
This swallow is monotypic.
The pale-footed swallow is also known as the cloud-forest swallow, supposedly because it is known to reside in cloud forests.
Description
This swallow has an average length of and an average weight of . It has dark, glossy blue upperparts, with the wing, tail, and undertail coverts being more black than the rest. They have a dusky chin and a throat coloured cinnamon-buff. The white chest is tinged cinnamon-buff. The belly is also white. They have blackish-brown underwing coverts, axillars, flanks, and tibial feathers. They have a black bill with pink mouth-lining and a dark brown iris. They have a slightly notched tail. Their lower legs and toes are made of pink flesh. The sexes are similar, and the immature swallows of this species are similar, except their undertail coverts have white or pale edges.
These birds are not to be confused with the very similar blue-and-white swallow, which can be differentiated by the pale-footed swallow's blackish flanks, and its faster flight. The pale-footed swallow is also slightly smaller than the blue-and-white swallow.
The pale-footed swallow has a flight call frequently described as a . Their call can be differentiated from the call of the similar blue-and-white swallow by the fact that it is drier than that of the blue-and-white swallow. These swallows also have been known to use a call described as a trilled tre-e-e-ed. The song is a series of trills and thin warbles, which is described as buzzy, but musical.
Distribution
This swallow is native to the Andes in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. It usually occurs only on the eastern slopes of the Andes, but it has been recorded on both slopes in the central Andes. They usually don't go below or above in Ecuador, and not below in Peru and in Bolivia. They do not usually go above in both Peru and Bolivia. In Venezuela, they have much less variation in elevation, usually not going below or above there. They have been seen as low as in Venezuela. Sometimes, in bad weather, they can be seen at lower altitudes. They are recorded as mainly residing in forests, especially humid ones. They are most likely resident in their range.
Behaviour
Breeding
Although when the females are fertile is unknown, it is known that the males are usually in breeding condition from July to September. It is likely that both males and females incubate the eggs.
This swallow most likely nests in burrows, like the similar blue-and-white swallow, in mossy cavities or in cavities created in roads. They prefer both subtropical and tropical montane forests and the upper cloud forest, avoiding clearings. They also prefer elfin forests, usually residing just above the altitudes where the blue-and-white swallow resides, in comparably more forested areas.
Diet
The pale-footed swallow is an aerial insectivore, eating insects in the air, usually over, and sometimes through, the forest canopy. They also forage over nearby clearings. Their flight is usually quick, low, and erratic. They are known to backtrack numerous times. These swallows usually forage in groups of 10–15, but sometimes 50 birds can be seen together. They usually do not perch, but when they do, they do so on bare, dead limbs of forest trees. They have been seen to forage with the similar blue-and-white swallow and the brown-bellied swallow.
Status
This swallow is classified as least-concern by the IUCN. The justification for this is the fact that the population is stable, there are most likely more than 10,000 adults of this species, and they have a large range. The breeding range is estimated to be . The population size is unknown, but it is apparently fairly common. Furthermore, it may be overlooked because of how similar it is to the blue-and-white swallow.
References
Further reading
Orochelidon
Birds of the Northern Andes
Birds described in 1922
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Sorkh Kola or Sorkh Kala () may refer to:
Sorkh Kola, Amol
Sorkh Kola, Sari
Briarwood Banks is the name given to a woodland Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in north Northumberland, North East England. Composed mainly of elm, oak and ash, the site is semi-natural and now recovering from the removal of planted conifers.
Location and natural features
Briarwood Banks is situated in the south-west of the county of Northumberland, some south-south-east Bardon Mill and west south-west of Haydon Bridge. The site occupies the banks of a fan of north-east running tributaries of the north-running River Allen including Farnalees Burn, Black Sike and Kingswood Burn, and its north-east boundary is formed by the Allen. The designated woodland area is in length and up to wide, covering and falling from above sea level in the south-west to at the Allen confluence.
It is one of a number of SSSIs on the River Allen; to the south are Stewardpeel Woods starting upstream and the Allen Confluence Gravels some upstream.
Vegetation
A number of distinct assemblages of flora are observed at Briarwood Banks. Dominant on lower slopes is wych elm (Ulmus glabra), beneath which are found dog's mercury (Mercurialis perennis), woodruff (Galium odoratum), wood melick (Melica uniflora), giant bellflower (Campanula latifolia), enchanter's nightshade (Circaea lutetiana) and wood avens (Geum urbanum). Oak (Quercus petraea) predominates the higher slopes with creeping soft-grass (Holcus mollis), false brome (Brachypodium sylvaticum), wood sorrel (Oxalis acetosella) and broad buckler-fern (Dryopteris dilatata); and on very acid soil beneath oaks, great wood-rush (Luzula sylvatica), bilberry (Vaccinium myrtillus) and common cow-wheat (Melampyrum pratense) are found.
Ash (Fraxinus excelsior) is found site-wide, together with occurrences of downy birch (Betula pubescens), bird cherry (Prunus padus), yew (Taxus baccata) and alder (Alnus glutinosa). Beech (Fagus sylvatica) and sycamore (Acer pseudoplatanus) in the woods are thought to survive from a historic management regime. Shrubs found in the woods include hazel (Corylus avellana), holly (Ilex aquifolium) and hawthorn (Crataegus monogyna).
Rocky outcrops on the site support hard shield-fern (Polystichum aculeatum) and hart's-tongue (Phyllitis scolopendrium). By contrast, wet flushes on the site support giant fescue (Festuca gigantea), tufted hair-grass (Deschampsia cespitosa), bugle (Ajuga reptans), yellow pimpernel (Lysimachia nemorum) and meadowsweet (Filipendula ulmaria). Dark and damp areas of the woodland give rise to rare lichens such as (Biatorella monasteriensis), (Lobaria laetevirens) and (Leptogium teretiusculum), as well as mosses and ferns including epiphytic polypody (Polypodium vulgare) and oak fern (Gymnocarpium dryopteris).
Other plant species noted are rare wood fescue (Festuca altissima) found amongst moss on screes, mountain pansy (Viola lutea) on alluvial deposits on the bank of the Allen; and reflecting the influence of heavy metals leachate from the Northern Pennine Orefield, alpine penny-cress (Thlaspi alpestre) is found.
The condition of Briarwood Banks was judged to be 'unfavourable-recovering' in 2010 & 2012 inspections, as actions to remove non-native species and exclude grazing take effect.
Fauna
Northumberland Wildlife Trust asserts that the woods are one of the most northerly habitats for dormice. Other species associated with the woods include roe deer and red squirrel. Bird species include the pied wagtail and the greater spotted woodpecker.
Access
Northumberland Wildlife Trust manages of the site as a nature reserve with full public access, including provision for wheelchair users.
See also
List of Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
References
External links
Natural England SSSI record for Briarwood Banks
Briarwood Banks Nature reserve - Northumberland Wildlife Trust
Briarwood Banks - access guide - Northumberland Wildlife Trust
Briarwood Banks - map and walking guide - Natural England
Forests and woodlands of Northumberland
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Northumberland
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1955
During the 1993–94 English football season, Leicester City F.C. competed in the Football League First Division.
Season summary
In the 1993–1994 season, it was third time lucky for Leicester as they beat East Midlands rivals Derby County 2–1 in the final to secure promotion to the FA Premier League after seven years outside the top division. Striker David Speedie was suspended in the final, having been sent off in the semi-final against Tranmere Rovers.
Final league table
Results
Leicester City's score comes first
Legend
Football League First Division
First Division play-offs
FA Cup
League Cup
Anglo-Italian Cup
Squad
Left club during the season
References
Leicester City F.C. seasons
Leicester City
Diego Garay (born 1 February 1975 in Argentina) is an Argentinean retired footballer.
References
Argentine footballers
1975 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Newell's Old Boys footballers
Sportivo Belgrano footballers
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Arizona was admitted to the Union on February 14, 1912. U.S. senators from Arizona belong to Class 1 and Class 3 and are popularly elected for a six-year term beginning January 3. Elections are held the first Tuesday after November 1. The state's current U.S. senators are Democrats Kyrsten Sinema, serving since 2019, and Mark Kelly, serving since 2020.
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=15 | 1
| rowspan=15 align=left | Henry F. Ashurst
| rowspan=15 | Democratic
| rowspan=15 nowrap | March 27, 1912 –January 3, 1941
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1912.
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1912.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | March 27, 1912 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=5 | Democratic
| rowspan=5 align=right | Marcus A. Smith
! rowspan=5 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1914.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1916.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –March 3, 1927
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Ralph H. Cameron
! rowspan=3 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1922.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | First elected in 1926.
| rowspan=21 nowrap | March 4, 1927 –January 3, 1969
| rowspan=21 | Democratic
| rowspan=21 align=right | Carl Hayden
! rowspan=21 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1928.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1932.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1934.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1938.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 2
| rowspan=6 align=left | Ernest McFarland
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1941 –January 3, 1953
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1940.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1944.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1946.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 3
| rowspan=6 align=left | Barry Goldwater
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1953 –January 3, 1965
| rowspan=3 | First elected in 1952.
| rowspan=3 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1958.Retired to run for U.S. President.
| rowspan=3 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 4
| rowspan=6 align=left | Paul Fannin
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1965 –January 3, 1977
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected again in 1968.
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1969 –January 3, 1987
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 align=right | Barry Goldwater
! rowspan=9 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1970.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 5
| rowspan=9 align=left | Dennis DeConcini
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1977 –January 3, 1995
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1976.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1982.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1986.
| rowspan=16 nowrap | January 3, 1987 –August 25, 2018
| rowspan=16 | Republican
| rowspan=16 align=right | John McCain
! rowspan=16 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1988.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 15
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 6
| rowspan=9 align=left | Jon Kyl
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1995 –January 3, 2013
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1994.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2010.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 7
| rowspan=6 align=left | Jeff Flake
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2013 –January 3, 2019
| rowspan=6 | Elected in 2012.Retired.
| rowspan=6 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4
| rowspan=7 | 19
| Re-elected in 2016.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | August 25, 2018 –September 4, 2018
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue McCain's term.Resigned.
| nowrap | September 4, 2018 –December 31, 2018
| | Republican
| align=right | Jon Kyl
! 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | December 31, 2018 –January 3, 2019
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 8
| rowspan=4 align=left | Kyrsten Sinema
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 | January 3, 2019 –Present
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 2018.
| rowspan=4 | 19
| rowspan=2
| Appointed to continue McCain's term.Lost election to finish McCain's term.
| nowrap | January 3, 2019 –December 2, 2020
| | Republican
| align=right | Martha McSally
! 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected November 3, 2020 to finish McCain's term.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | December 2, 2020 –Present
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 align=right | Mark Kelly
! rowspan=2 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 20
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 20
|
Living former senators
, there are four living former U.S. senators from Arizona. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was John McCain (served 1987–2018), who died in office on August 25, 2018.
Superlatives (top 5)
Longest service
Shortest service
List excludes the incumbent senators who have both served less than a full term
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
References
See also
List of United States representatives from Arizona
United States congressional delegations from Arizona
Elections in Arizona
Senators
Arizona
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Nebraska, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1867, Nebraska has participated in every U.S. presidential election. Since 1992 Nebraska awards two electoral votes based on the statewide vote, and one vote for each of the three congressional districts.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in Nebraska
Notes
References
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Macheret Trench, Livingston Island
Macrobius Cove, Graham Coast
Madan Saddle, Smith Island
Madara Peak, Livingston Island
Madrid Dome, Oscar II Coast
Madzharovo Point, Anvers Island
Maglenik Heights, Sentinel Range
Maglizh Rocks, Smith Island
Magura Glacier, Livingston Island
Makresh Rocks, Robert Island
Malak Sechko Cove, Nelson Island
Malamir Knoll, Greenwich Island
Malasar Peak, Sentinel Range
Maleshevo Cove, Livingston Island
Malina Cove, Low Island
Malkoch Peak, Sentinel Range
Malorad Glacier, Trinity Peninsula
Malyovitsa Crag, Livingston Island
Mamarchev Peak, Sentinel Range
Manastir Peak, Oscar II Coast
Mancho Buttress, Trinity Peninsula
Manole Pass, Sentinel Range
Manolov Glacier, Alexander Island
Marash Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Marchaevo Peak, Oscar II Coast
Marinka Point, Brabant Island
Maritsa Peak, Livingston Island
Markeli Point, Smith Island
Marla Glacier, Trinity Peninsula
Marmais Point, Trinity Peninsula
Marsa Glacier, Sentinel Range
Marten Crag, Trinity Peninsula
Marvodol Glacier, Fallières Coast
Maslarov Nunatak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Masteyra Island, Anvers Island
Mateev Cove, Livingston Island
Matochina Peak, Smith Island
Matov Peak, Davis Coast
Maystora Peak, Greenwich Island
Meana Point, Nelson Island
Mount Mecheva, Foyn Coast
Mechit Buttress, Danco Coast
Mechka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Meda Nunatak, Foyn Coast
Mediolana Bluff, Brabant Island
Medovene Point, Smith Island
Meduza Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Medven Glacier, Livingston Island
Melanita Island, Trinity Island
Meldia Rock, Nelson Island
Melnik Peak, Livingston Island
Melnik Ridge, Livingston Island
Melta Point, Livingston Island
Melyane Island, Livingston Island
Memolli Nunatak, Sentinel Range
Mesta Peak, Livingston Island
Metis Island, Biscoe Islands
Metlichina Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Mezdra Point, Snow Island
Mezek Peak, Smith Island
Mida Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Midzhur Peak, Sentinel Range
Mihaylovski Cove, Livingston Island
Mihaylovski Crag, Oscar II Coast
Mihnevski Peak, Oscar II Coast
Mikov Nunatak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Mikre Beach, Snow Island
Miladinovi Islets, Desolation Island
Miletich Point, Greenwich Island
Milev Rocks, Robert Island
Milkov Point, Davis Coast
Miller Spur, Danco Coast
Mindya Cove, Tower Island
Minzuhar Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Mirovyane Peak, Sentinel Range
Mishev Bluff, Liège Island
Mishka Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Misionis Bay, Pickwick Island
Mitev Glacier, Brabant Island
Mitino Buttress, Graham Coast
Mitkaloto Peak, Danco Coast
Miziya Peak, Livingston Island
Mneme Lake, Livingston Island
Modev Peak, Two Hummock Island
Modren Peak, Sentinel Range
Mogilyane Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Mokren Bight, Astrolabe Island
Molerov Spur, Nordenskjöld Coast
Momchil Peak, Greenwich Island
Momino Point, Brabant Island
Montana Bluff, Livingston Island
Montemno Lake, Livingston Island
Montojo Island, Biscoe Islands
Monyak Hill, Sentinel Range
Morava Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Moriseni Peak, Alexander Island
Mount Moriya, Nordenskjöld Coast
Mostich Hill, Rugged Island
Mozgovitsa Glacier, Alexander Island
Mrahori Saddle, Nordenskjöld Coast
Mraka Sound, Biscoe Islands
Mugla Passage, Livingston Island
Muldava Glacier, Graham Coast
Mundraga Bay, Nordenskjöld Coast
Mureno Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Murgash Glacier, Greenwich Island
Mursalitsa Peak, Sentinel Range
Musala Glacier, Greenwich Island
Musina Glacier, Oscar II Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Animal feed is food given to domestic animals, especially livestock, in the course of animal husbandry. There are two basic types: fodder and forage. Used alone, the word feed more often refers to fodder. Animal feed is an important input to animal agriculture, and is frequently the main cost of the raising or keeping of animals. Farms typically try to reduce cost for this food, by growing their own, grazing animals, or supplementing expensive feeds with substitutes, such as food waste like spent grain from beer brewing.
Animal wellbeing is highly dependent on feed that reflects a well balanced nutrition. Some modern agricultural practices, such as fattening cows on grains or in feed lots, have detrimental effects on the environment and animals. For example, increased corn or other grain in feed for cows, makes their microbiomes more acidic weakening their immune systems and making cows a more likely vector for E.coli. While other feeding practices can improve animal impacts. For example, feeding cows certain kinds of seaweed, reduces their production of methane, reducing the greenhouse gases from meat production.
When an environmental crisis strikes farmers or herders, such as a drought or extreme weather driven by climate change, farmers often have to shift to more expensive manufactured animal feed, which can negatively effect their economic viability. For example, a 2017 drought in Senegal reduced the availability of grazing lands leading to skyrocketing demand and prices for manufactured animal feed, caused farmers to sell large portions of their herds. Additionally agriculture for producing animal feed puts pressure on land use: feed crops need land that otherwise might be used for human food and can be one of the driving factors for deforestation, soil degradation and climate change.
Fodder
"Fodder" refers particularly to foods or forages given to the animals (including plants cut and carried to them), rather than that which they forage for themselves. It includes hay, straw, silage, compressed and pelleted feeds, oils and mixed rations, and sprouted grains and legumes. Feed grains are the most important source of animal feed globally. The amount of grain used to produce the same unit of meat varies substantially. According to an estimate reported by the BBC in 2008, "Cows and sheep need 8 kg of grain for every 1 kg of meat they produce, pigs about 4 kg. The most efficient poultry units need a mere 1.6 kg of feed to produce 1 kg of chicken." Farmed fish can also be fed on grain and use even less than poultry. The two most important feed grains are maize and soybean, and the United States is by far the largest exporter of both, averaging about half of the global maize trade and 40% of the global soya trade in the years leading up the 2012 drought. Other feed grains include wheat, oats, barley, and rice, among many others.
Traditional sources of animal feed include household food scraps and the byproducts of food processing industries such as milling and brewing. Material remaining from milling oil crops like peanuts, soy, and corn are important sources of fodder. Scraps fed to pigs are called slop, and those fed to chicken are called chicken scratch. Brewer's spent grain is a byproduct of beer making that is widely used as animal feed.
Compound feed is fodder that is blended from various raw materials and additives. These blends are formulated according to the specific requirements of the target animal. They are manufactured by feed compounders as meal type, pellets or crumbles. The main ingredients used in commercially prepared feed are the feed grains, which include corn, soybeans, sorghum, oats, and barley.
Compound feed may also include premixes, which may also be sold separately. Premixes are composed of microingredients such as vitamins, minerals, chemical preservatives, antibiotics, fermentation products, and other ingredients that are purchased from premix companies, usually in sacked form, for blending into commercial rations. Because of the availability of these products, farmers who use their own grain can formulate their own rations and be assured that their animals are getting the recommended levels of minerals and vitamins, although they are still subject to the Veterinary Feed Directive.
According to the American Feed Industry Association, as much as $20 billion worth of feed ingredients are purchased each year. These products range from grain mixes to orange rinds and beet pulps. The feed industry is one of the most competitive businesses in the agricultural sector and is by far the largest purchaser of U.S. corn, feed grains, and soybean meal. Tens of thousands of farmers with feed mills on their own farms are able to compete with huge conglomerates with national distribution. Feed crops generated $23.2 billion in cash receipts on U.S. farms in 2001. At the same time, farmers spent a total of $24.5 billion on feed that year.
In 2011, around 734.5 million tons of feed were produced annually around the world.
History
The US Animal Drug Availability Act 1996, passed during the Clinton era, was the first attempt in that country to regulate the use of medicated feed.
In 1997, in response to outbreaks of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy, commonly known as mad cow disease, the United States and Canada banned a range of animal tissues from cattle feed. Feed bans in United States (2009) Canada (2007) expanded on this, prohibiting the use of potentially infectious tissue in all animal and pet food and fertilizers.
Forage
Manufacture
Nutrition
In agriculture today, the nutritional needs of farm animals are well understood and may be satisfied through natural forage and fodder alone, or augmented by direct supplementation of nutrients in concentrated, controlled form. The nutritional quality of feed is influenced not only by the nutrient content, but also by many other factors such as feed presentation, hygiene, digestibility, and effect on intestinal health.
Feed additives provide a mechanism through which these nutrient deficiencies can be resolved, improving animal rate of growth, health, and well-being. Many farm animals have a diet largely consisting of grain-based ingredients because of the higher costs of quality feed.
Major ingredients
Chelates
Insects
Soy
By animal
Bird feed
Cat food
Cattle feeding
Dog food
Equine nutrition
Fish feed
Pet food
Pig farming
Poultry feed
Sheep husbandry
See also
Appetein
FEFANA
Hammermill
Pellet mill
References
External links
Animal feed legislation and guidance
FAO Feed Safety guidelines
Feed - Biosecurity Guide
Infographic: A look at the global feed production 2012
Animal husbandry
Medicated feed
1989 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1989 ACC men's basketball tournament
1989 ACC women's basketball tournament
1989 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1989 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1989 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Antonio Tozzi (c. 1736 - after 1812) was an Italian opera composer.
They were born at Bologna, Italy. They studied with Padre Martini and became a member of the Accademia Filarmonica di Bologna in 1761. Their first opera Tigrane, was performed in Venice in 1762. Their La morte di Dimone of 1763 was an early opera semiseria. In 1764 they were asked to work for the court in Brunswick. In 1774 they became Hofkapellmeister in Munich and their Orfeo ed Euridice was performed there in 1775. Shortly afterwards however a scandal involving the Countess von Törring-Seefeld caused them to flee the city and they returned to Venice. The following year they were in Spain, working in Madrid and later Barcelona where they did a substantial part of their work, finally leaving Spain for Italy in 1805. They died at Bologna.
Sources
Stevenson, Robert and McClymonds, Marita P (1992), 'Erismena' in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie (London)
Italian classical composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
Year of death unknown
Year of birth uncertain
Khaleel is an Indian artist who lives in Hyderabad, India.  They are the son of the artist Aziz.
References
External links
Atiya Amjad'
Gayatri Rajwade, The Tribune page - "Nature Perfect"
Khaleel's webpage
Artists from Hyderabad, India
Painters from Andhra Pradesh
Indian male painters
Living people
20th-century Indian painters
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century Indian male artists
The African Growth and Opportunity Act, or AGOA (Title I, Trade and Development Act of 2000; P.L. 106–200) is a piece of legislation that was approved by the U.S. Congress in May 2000. The stated purpose of this legislation is to assist the economies of sub-Saharan Africa and to improve economic relations between the United States and the region.
After completing its initial 15-year period of validity, the AGOA legislation was extended on 29 June 2015 by a further 10 years, to 2025.
History
The African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) was the brainchild of Congressman Jim McDermott (a former Foreign Service medical officer based in Zaire), and their Chief of Staff, Michael Williams. McDermott, along with Congressman Ed Royce, helped move the earliest versions of the legislation through Congress. Later, Rosa Whitaker, who served as the first ever Assistant U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) for Africa in the administrations of Presidents William J. Clinton and George W. Bush helped develop and implement the law. Passage of the legislation followed nearly a decade of leadership on the part of activists such as Paul Speck at Environmental and Energy Institute, Witney Schneidman, Steve Lande, Mel Foote, Tony Carroll, Claude Fontheim, and Mark Neuman, and others. AGOA was signed by President Clinton into law in May 2000. The legislation was reviewed again in 2015, and was renewed. The revisions made it easier to become eligible and focused on improving the future business environment in developing African countries.
In June 2015, the AGOA was extended for 10 years following contentious debate. While the longest extension of AGOA in its history provides tangible trade benefits for African producers, the scheduled expiration in 2025 makes the future of U.S.–Africa relations uncertain. In part, this is due to a changing trade environment with respect to Africa; for example, intracontinental and intercontinental economic integration have increased significantly. Similarly, following the conclusion of economic partnership agreements (EPAs) between the European Union (EU) and African, Caribbean, and Pacific (ACP) countries, trade ties are shifting from unilateral preferences to reciprocal relations. In order for African producers and manufacturers to become more fully integrated into supply chain networks, it may be beneficial to consider restructuring U.S.–Africa economic relations outside of the AGOA. The United States and sub-Saharan African countries have already discussed potential post-AGOA policy architectures.
Eligibility
The legislation authorized the President of the United States to determine which sub-Saharan African countries would be eligible for AGOA on an annual basis. The eligibility criteria were to improve labor rights and movement toward a market-based economy. Each year, the President evaluates the sub-Saharan African countries and determines which countries should remain eligible.
Countries' inclusion has fluctuated with changes in the local political environment. In December 2009, for example, Guinea, Madagascar, and Niger were all removed from the list of eligible countries; by October 2011, though, eligibility was restored to Guinea and Niger, and by June 2014, to Madagascar as well. Notice was given that Burundi would lose its AGOA eligibility status as of 1 January 2016. In August, 2017, Togo was recognized as an eligible country.
Having AGOA eligibility does not imply automatic eligibility for a "Wearing Apparel" provision. To export apparel and certain textile to the United States under the AGOA duty-free, an eligible country must have implemented a "Visa System" that satisfies American authorities and proves compliance with the AGOA Rules of Origin.
On 1 January 2022, the United States removed Ethiopia, Mali and Guinea from the AGOA programme over alleged human rights violations and recent coups. In a statement the US Trade Representative explained the removal was “due to actions taken by each of their governments in violation of the AGOA Statute”. As of January 1, 2022, 36 countries are eligible to participate in AGOA.
Benefits and results
AGOA provides trade preferences for quota and duty-free entry into the United States for certain goods, expanding the benefits under the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP) program. Notably, AGOA expanded market access for textile and apparel goods into the United States for eligible countries, though many other goods are also included. This resulted in the growth of an apparel industry in southern Africa, and created hundreds of thousands of jobs. However, the dismantling of the Multi Fibre Agreement's world quota regime for textile and apparel trade in January 2005 reversed some of the gains made in the African textile industry due to increased competition from developing nations outside of Africa, particularly China. Some factories shut down in Lesotho, where most of the growth occurred. Orders from African manufacturers stabilised somewhat after the imposition of certain safeguard measures by U.S. authorities, but Africa's share of the U.S. market was still reduced after the phaseout.
AGOA has resulted in limited successes in some countries. In addition to growth in the textile and apparel industry, some AGOA countries have begun to export new products to the United States, such as cut flowers, horticultural products, automotive components and steel. While Nigeria and Angola are the largest exporters under AGOA, other countries, particularly South Africa's have been more diverse and unlike the former are not mainly concentrated in the energy sector. To some countries, including Lesotho, Eswatini, Kenya and Madagascar, AGOA remains of critical importance. Agricultural products are a promising area for AGOA trade; however much work needs to be done to assist African countries in meeting U.S. sanitary and phytosanitary standards. The U.S. government is providing technical assistance to AGOA eligible countries to help them benefit from the legislation, through the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) and other agencies. The U.S. government has established three regional trade hubs in Africa for this purpose, in Accra, Ghana; Gaborone, Botswana; and Nairobi, Kenya.
Initially, AGOA was set to expire in 2008, but the United States Congress passed the AGOA Acceleration Act of 2004, which extended the legislation to 2015. It has since been extended by 10 years from 2015 to 2025. The Act's apparel special provision, which permits lesser-developed countries to use foreign fabric for their garment exports, was to expire in September 2007. However, legislation passed by Congress in December 2006 extended it through 2012, and later to 2025 as part of the general AGOA extension in June 2015.
Every year an AGOA Forum is held, which brings together government leaders and private sector stakeholders from Africa and the United States. The Forum is held in Washington every other year, and in an AGOA eligible African country in the other years. So far, the Forum has been held four times in Washington, and once each in Mauritius, Senegal, Ghana, Kenya (2009), Zambia (2011), Ethiopia (2013), Gabon (2015) and Togo (2017).
Statistics suggest a positive balance of trade for AGOA participant countries. In FY2008, the United States exported $17,125,389 in goods to the 41 AGOA countries, and the U.S. imported $81,426,951 for a balance of $64,301,562 in favor of the AGOA countries.
Reception
Cameroonian scholar Tatah Mentan has criticized AGOA, arguing that while the legislation "sounds like a benevolent multilateral trade agreement", it is actually a neo-colonial scheme to further exploit African resources. Mentan has argued that despite promises of economic growth, the profits made from the scheme are "not for Africans". Sociologist Michael Mann has argued the legislation "exacts indirect imperial tribute" from African states, noting AGOA contains a clause requiring participating African countries not to oppose American foreign policy.
Some allege that AGOA is in contradiction with WTO rules. Furthermore, it is seen as a one-sided agreement as there was little African involvement in its preparation. AGOA has also been criticized for being "dominated by oil and raw materials" After the enactment of AGOA, "exports have increased by more than 500 per cent from around $8.2 billion then to $54 billion in 2011, although about 90 per cent of these are natural resources, mainly oil," wrote Andualem Sisay.
References
External links
Complete resource on AGOA - news, legislation, trade data
Agoa 2013: Oil 'too dominant' in trade deal with the US
, Full text of the legislation
International development in Africa
United States foreign relations legislation
Acts of the 106th United States Congress
2000 in international relations
United States federal trade legislation
United States–African relations
In Greek mythology, Thyia (; Thuia derived from the verb θύω "to sacrifice") was a female figure associated with cults of several major gods.
Mythology
In the Delphic tradition, Thyia was also the naiad of a spring on Mount Parnassos in Phocis (central Greece), daughter of the river god Cephissus. Them shrine was the site for the gathering of the Thyiades (women who celebrated in the orgies= ancient religious ceremony of the god Dionysos). They were said to have been the first to sacrifice to Dionysus, and to celebrate orgies in their honour. Hence, the Attic women, who every year went to Mount Parnassus to celebrate the Dionysiac orgies with the Delphian Thyiades, received themselves the name of Thyades or Thyiades (synonymous with Maenads).
They were said to have loved Apollo and bore them a son, Delphos, the eponymous founder of town Delphi, beside the oracular shrine. They were also closely associated with the prophetic Castalian Spring, from which they were sometimes said to have been born (Pausanias follows a tradition that made their daughter of the autochthon Castalius). Thyia was also related to Castalia, the nymph of the spring; Melaena, an alternative mother for Delphos; and the Corycian nymphs, Naiades of the springs of the holy Corycian Cave.
Thyia was also reported to have had an affair with Poseidon, and to have been a close friend of Chloris, wife of Neleus, son of Poseidon.
A sacred precinct of Thyia was reported to have been located in the city of the same name, with an altar to the Anemoi set up during the Greco-Persian Wars.
The name was applied to the white cedar and its genus, Thuja, by Linnaeus (1753).
Notes
References
Herodotus, The Histories with an English translation by A. D. Godley. Cambridge. Harvard University Press. 1920. Online version at the Topos Text Project. Greek text available at Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Naiads
Nymphs
Mortal women of Zeus
Women of Apollo
Women in Greek mythology
Phocian characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Mythology of Macedonia (ancient kingdom)
Mythology of Phocis
Dionysus in mythology
Cult of Dionysus
Ancient Greek religion
Down Low is Israeli groove metal band Betzefer's first full-length studio album and major label debut on Roadrunner Records, as well as their only album on that label. It was released on May 19, 2005, in Israel and June 6, 2005, worldwide. It is the band's first release with current bassist Rotem Inbar.
"Down Low", "Early Grave" and "Running Against" were released as singles and videos were made for those songs. "Fuckin Rock N' Roll" was released for radio airplay and as a promotional CD single, but a video was not made for the song. The ending of "Down Low" is a ripoff from Machine Head's "Davidian", though uncredited.
Although it was supposed to be the band's first album in a 5 albums deal contract with Roadrunner Records, the band left the label in December 2007, stating professional reasons, though numerous sources reported that it was the label that dropped the band due to personal reasons with the band's behavior.
Track listing
Personnel
Avital Tamir - lead vocals
Matan Cohen - guitars
Rotem Inbar - bass
Roey Berman - drums, percussion
References
2005 debut albums
Betzefer albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Albums produced by Tue Madsen
The men's freestyle 125 kg is a competition featured at the 2014 European Wrestling Championships, and was held in Vantaa, Finland on April 3.
Medalists
Results
Legend
C — Won by 3 cautions given to the opponent
F — Won by fall
R — Retired
Bracket
References
2014 European Wrestling Championships
Claremont, also known as Rose, is an unincorporated community located in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. Claremont is approximately north of Mattson and approximately south of Clarksdale. Claremont is located on the former Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad. A post office operated under the name Rose from 1904 to 1905 and under the name Claremont from 1905 to 1932.
References
Unincorporated communities in Coahoma County, Mississippi
Unincorporated communities in Mississippi
FORGE is a United States-based nonprofit organization that works with displaced communities in Africa. FORGE was founded by Stanford University graduate Kjerstin Erickson at the age of 20 in 2003. Since its founding, FORGE has implemented over seventy community development projects that have served more than 70,000 refugees in four refugee camps in Zambia and Botswana. An official Operating Partner of the United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR), FORGE works in Zambia, hand-in-hand with refugees from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Angola, Rwanda, Burundi, and Sudan.
FORGE's Mission
FORGE aims to build upon the capacity of African refugees to cultivate empowered communities and to create the conditions for peace and prosperity in their countries. FORGE believes that individuals affected by war are a key factor to breaking the cycle of war and poverty in Africa. Instead of providing relief work for refugees, FORGE aims at providing education and training to refugees in order to empower them with greater economic and leadership capacity. There are five main project areas that FORGE is now working on: Education, Economic Development, Health Education, Women's Empowerment and Community Enrichment.
Recently, FORGE has launched a new program called the Collaborative Project Planning Process (CPPP). Believing that the most effective, relevant and sustainable development projects come from the insights and vision of the refugee community itself, FORGE launched the CPPP to provide refugees with the resources that are unreachable to them when building education and enrichment projects for their communities.
Collaborative Project Planning Process (CPPP)
The collaborative project is a partnership built between FORGE and refugee leaders in the refugee camps where FORGE currently works. The planning of the project involves the following four stages.
Stage I - Identification of needs: The refugee community identifies its top needs and priorities.
Stage II – Assessment of needs: Selected community leaders research and evaluate these needs.
Stage III – Project proposal: The best intervention point is selected and leaders submit a Project Proposal to FORGE's website for funding.
Stage IV – Funding and implementation: Once funded, the project is implemented, monitored and sustained by the community.
To begin the CPPP, FORGE first recruits potential refugee leaders who are especially capable of spearheading development initiatives in the refugee camps. The CPPP then goes through the Stages I, II and III. The preparation work is all done by the refugee leaders and the role of the FORGE staff member is to give advice to the refugee leaders when necessary. After all four stages of the CPPP are complete, the projects designed by the refugee leaders will begin and they are to run the projects for at least a year. The funding for new projects is coordinated by FORGE headquarters in the United States and is managed by a FORGE field staff member who serves as a facilitator and an adviser of the refugee leaders as well as a bridge of communication between the refugee camps and the US office.
Fundraising for new projects is basically the responsibility of the US office, although most international staff based in Zambia, including project managers, are required to raise a minimum of $5,000 to offset the costs of their monthly stipends. The fundraising for the Collaborative Projects happen between stage 2 and stage 3. There are currently three projects underway in this collaborative approach. They are the Block H Reliable Seed & Market Program, Mwangaza Education Centers and FORGE Health Service. These projects are now going through stage two and heading towards stage three.
FORGE's Development and Future
Since its establishment, FORGE has worked in four refugee camps in Botswana and Zambia in central Africa. As the refugee camp in Botswana was beginning to decrease in size and the refugees were repatriating, FORGE started to retreat from the area and focus its work in Zambia where a large number of refugees have come from the countries surrounding Zambia due to civil wars.
FORGE has been working closely with the refugees in three refugee camps in Zambia: Meheba, Kala and Mwange. As peace was proclaimed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Congolese refugees in Kala and Mwange camps were beginning to repatriate under UNHCR's assistance. In light of this, FORGE is now planning to expand its work to the Congo in the coming years. FORGE aims to continue to support and help the former refugees to rebuild their lives in their home country of Congo by providing education, training and counseling until the people genuinely feel safe living in their homeland and have confidence to rebuild their communities on their own. As of December 2009, FORGE no longer operates in Kala and Mwange refugee camps.
See also
Refugee
Great Lakes refugee crisis
External links
FORGE Official website
Development charities based in the United States
Zerguinho Maikel Deira (born 23 July 2002) is a Surinamese professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder and defender for SVB Eerste Divisie club Transvaal and the Suriname national team.
Club career
Deira joined Transvaal at the age of four. They made their debut for the first team at the age of sixteen.
International career
On 13 October 2018, Deira made their debut for Suriname in a 5–0 win against the British Virgin Islands. In doing so, they became the youngest player in the history of the Suriname national team, at the age of sixteen.
References
External links
Living people
2002 births
Surinamese footballers
Sportspeople from Paramaribo
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
S.V. Transvaal players
Suriname international footballers
Suriname under-20 international footballers
Suriname youth international footballers
Shahr-e Kohneh (, meaning "Old Town") may refer to:
Shahr-e Kohneh, Hormozgan
Shahr Kohneh, Khuzestan
Shahr-e Kohneh, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Shahr-e Kohneh, Miyan Jolgeh, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province
Shahr-e Kohneh, Quchan, Razavi Khorasan Province
See also
Kohneh Shahr
Kohneh Shahr, Razavi Khorasan
Zoysia japonica (commonly known as Korean lawngrass, zoysia grass or Japanese lawngrass) is a species of creeping, mat-forming, short perennial grass that grows by both rhizomes and stolons. It is native to the coastal grasslands of southeast Asia and Indonesia. The United States was first introduced to Z. japonica in 1895. It received its first import from the Chinese region of Manchuria. Today, Z. japonica has become one of the most widely used species of turfgrass in the United States and other countries worldwide such as in Brazil, serving as a close and cheaper alternative to bermudagrass.
Morphology/characteristics
Zoysia japonica has smooth, stiff, vertical leaf blades that roll in the bud. It grows to around in width, and is hairy near the base and exhibits short inflorescences. The pedicles grow to about , while the ascending culm internodes measure to roughly long. Z. japonica has a very coarse texture, compared to others of its genus. Its high tolerance to drought, freezing temperatures, salt, and shade make for a favorable lawn grass. An adventitious root system grounds the grass. When exposed to prolonged drought, it easily adapts by developing deeper rooting systems. Although it is tolerant to freeze temperatures, it does lose its bright green color, turning brown after frost.
Climate and regions
Zoysia japonica needs a humid climate to survive. It does well in cool temperate zones, transition zones, and warm temperate or marine zones. It was originally cultivated in such climates in China, Japan, and Korea. In the United States, it is cultivated south of Connecticut, along the Atlantic Coast, and along the Gulf Coast to Texas. In Australia, it is cultivated along the northeastern coastline.
Cultivation
Although Z. japonica is one of the only Zoysia species that can be seeded, it has a lengthy germination rate of at least a month, so vegetative planting is the primary form of cultivation. Z. japonica seeds require a moist environment and a temperature of at least to germinate, and therefore sod, sprigs, and plugs are less prohibitive methods of planting. Nevertheless, sod is sold at a steep price. Although it can be planted at almost any time of year, late summer planting is discouraged.
Upkeep of Z. japonica varies based on uses, in general requiring a moderate level of nitrogen fertilizer to keep its density. Treatment should be planned for early spring or late fall. On average, it requires of irrigation a week. Experts suggest that it is mown to a height of every 5–10 days. Z. japonica is nearly resistant to disease, yet is subject to insect attack from white grubs. One major problem with Z.japonica in recreational landscapes is its seeding in spring, which is aesthetically unacceptable requiring additional maintenance costs. Brosnan et al 2012 suppresses seedhead development with imidazolinones without killing the grass, and Patton et al 2018 achieves the same result with ethephon. (Neither treatment has been tested or adapted for other Zoysia spp. however.)
Cultivars
'El Toro' and 'Belair' are the newest cultivars of Z. japonica from the USDA. They are coarse, and have the ability to spread fast.
Other cultivars:
Meyer
Midwest
Palisades
JaMur
Empire
Zenith
Compadre
El Toro
Uses
Zoysia japonica is most commonly used as turfgrass. It is often used on golf course fairways, teeing grounds, and roughs. It is also used for home lawns, parks, schoolyards, and athletic fields. Landscapers use Z. japonica as a buffer around flower beds or sand pits to keep invasive species out.
Some accounts have it being used for horse pastures in Japan, and for Christian burial tombs in Korea.
Zoysia japonica makes up a large part of sika deer diets. They graze on the seeds produced at the top of the grass. This has been widely observed on the island of Kinkasan in northeastern Japan.
References
japonica
Taiteilijaelämää (Finnish for "An Artist's Life") is the third solo album of Ismo Alanko, released in 1995. Alanko later used the same title for their 2006 DVD Taiteilijaelämää vuosilta 1989-2006.
Track listing
Music and lyrics by Ismo Alanko.
"Oletko koskaan..."—5:24
"Pelataanko shakkia vai?"—5:08
"Nuorena syntynyt"—6:12
"Kamaan ja tavaraan"—3:50
"Väärään maailmaan"—4:59
"Don Quiote"—4:54
"Kun rakkaus on rikki"—5:32
"Pakko päästä pinnalle"—3:25
"Taiteilijaelämää"—4:36
"Suomi ratsastaa jälleen"—4:18
"Tule mun luojani"—5:28
"Kurjet"—4:39
Personnel
Ismo Alanko -- vocals, guitar, synthesizer
Jukka Kiviniemi -- bass
Ippe Kätkä -- drums, maracas
Riku Mattila—guitar, slide guitar, bass
Safka -- organ, electric piano, piano
Izmo—synthesizer
Ilkka Alanko -- backing vocals
Ona Kamu—backing vocals
Sakari Kukkonen—drums, tambourine, backing vocals
Tommi Lindell—synthesizer
Pekka Witikka—synthesizer
Max Savikangas -- viola
Sanna Salmenkallio -- violin
Notes
1995 albums
Ismo Alanko albums
Car Catalogue International was an English language version of the Italian car magazine Auto Catalogo Internazionale.
Produced from 1975 to 1996, it was originally published by Edizioni A.I.D S.p.A. of Milan, Italy. The publisher changed to Sonnen Verlag S A of Switzerland from 1981.
The magazine documented an example of each model of cars available during that year from most of the major motor manufacturers of the time. Cars were listed in ascending order sorted by marque. Images used were usually press photos from the manufacturers themselves, or their importers.
Each page listed 2 or 3 cars in colour, with press photos from the manufacturer alongside technical specifications, and the listed price for the car. Content was the same for each language edition, and included vehicles which were not necessarily available in the country the publication was sold. In those instances the price was listed as "not stated".
Automobile magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines disestablished in 1996
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines published in Milan
John Joseph Delaney (August 21, 1878 – November 18, 1948) was an American lawyer and politician who served ten terms as a United States representative from New York from 1918 to 1919, and then from 1931 to 1948. They were elected to an 11th term in 1948 but died shortly after the election.
Early life and career
Delaney was born in Brooklyn, they attended St. Ann's Parochial School and St. James' Academy in Brooklyn and Manhattan College. They engaged in the diamond business in 1897, was graduated from the Brooklyn Law School of St. Lawrence University in 1914, was admitted to the bar in 1915 and commenced practice in New York City.
First term in Congress
Delaney was elected as a Democrat to the Sixty-fifth Congress, by special election, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative John J. Fitzgerald, and held office from March 5, 1918 to March 3, 1919.
New York public official
They declined to be a candidate for renomination in 1918 and resumed their former business pursuits. They were a delegate to the Democratic State conventions in 1922 and 1924 and was deputy Commissioner of Public Markets of New York City from 1924 to 1931.
Return to Congress
They were again elected as a Democrat to the House of Representatives, this time to the Seventy-second Congress, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Representative-elect Matthew V. O'Malley.
Death
Delaney was reelected to the eight succeeding Congresses, holding office from November 3, 1931 to November 18, 1948. They were reelected in 1948 to the Eighty-first Congress but died on November 18, 1948, in Brooklyn.
Interment was in Holy Cross Cemetery.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
References
1878 births
1948 deaths
Politicians from Brooklyn
Manhattan College alumni
Brooklyn Law School alumni
Commissioners of Public Markets
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Keita Goto may be:
Keita Goto (footballer), Japanese football player
Keita Gotō (industrialist), Japanese industrialist and founder of the Tokyu Group
Stefania Jabłońska (born Szela Ginzburg; 7 September 1920 – 8 May 2017) was a Polish physician and professor specializing in dermatology. They worked at the Medical University of Warsaw.
In 1972, they theorized the association of human papilloma viruses with skin cancer in epidermodysplasia verruciformis.
In 1978, Jabłońska and Gerard Orth at the Pasteur Institute discovered HPV-5 in skin cancer. Jabłońska was awarded the 1985 Robert Koch Prize.
 They are a recipient of the National Order of Merit and the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta.
Biography
They were born as Szela Ginzburg in 1920 in Mogilev, present-day Belarus, and at the age of six moved to Warsaw. Later known as Stefania Jabłońska, they earned their high school diploma in 1937 in Warsaw, where they began to study medicine in the same year at the Medical University of Warsaw. In 1938 they moved to the University of Lviv and a year later to Kyrgyz Technical University, where they graduated in 1942 with a medical degree. They then served two years in the military.
They specialized in dermatology, worked for a year at the Soviet Science Academy in the Department of Pathology, and in 1946 in the Department of Dermatology of the Medical University of Warsaw. With a grant from the World Health Organization in 1949, they spent a year at the University of Pennsylvania.
Jabłońska earned a Doctor of Science in 1950. In 1951 they qualified as a professor. Jabłońska was appointed to head dermatology at the Medical University of Warsaw in 1954. They became professor emeritus in 1990. They died on 8 May 2017, age 96.
Awards and honors
A partial list of Jabłońska's honors and awards.
State decorations
Orders and awards
Membership
Honorary
Non-dermatological
Dermatological
References
1920 births
2017 deaths
Polish dermatologists
20th-century Polish Jews
Physicians from Warsaw
Cancer researchers
Papillomavirus
Place of death missing
Kyrgyz Technical University alumni
Medical University of Warsaw alumni
University of Lviv alumni
Isochorista ranulana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.
The wingspan is about 10 mm. The wings are grey with a dark diagonal band across the forewings.
References
Moths described in 1881
Moths of Australia
Archipini
Montjoie may refer to:
Places
France
Montjoie-le-Château, a commune in Doubs
Montjoie-Saint-Martin, a commune in Manche
Montjoie-en-Couserans, a commune in Ariège
Saint-Michel-de-Montjoie, a commune in Manche
Les Contamines-Montjoie, a commune in Haute-Savoie
Germany
Montjoie, alternate name for Monschau (North Rhine-Westphalia)
Palestine
Montjoie, the mountain close to modern Nabi Samwil from which the Crusaders first could see Jerusalem
Other
Order of Montjoie, a military order during the Crusades.
Montjoie, a French battle standard known as an oriflamme.
Montjoie Saint Denis!, the motto of the Kingdom of France
Montjoie!, a historical French cultural magazine edited by Ricciotto Canudo et al.
See also
Montjoi (disambiguation)
Mountjoy (disambiguation)
Monte do Gozo
br:Montjoie
fr:Montjoi
Chinatown Station may refer to transit stations in:
United States
Chinatown station (MBTA), a subway station in Boston, Massachusetts
Cermak–Chinatown station, an "L" station in Chicago, Illinois
Chinatown station (HART), a planned light rail station in Honolulu, Hawaii
Chinatown station (Los Angeles Metro), a light rail station in Los Angeles, California
Canal Street (New York City Subway), a subway station that had Chinese characters meaning “Chinatown”. The characters have been removed when the historical tiles were restored.
Chinatown station (SEPTA), a subway station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Old Town/Chinatown station, a light rail station in Portland, Oregon
Chinatown station (Muni Metro), a subway station under construction in San Francisco, California
International District/Chinatown station, a light rail station in Seattle, Washington
Chinatown station, now Gallery Place station, a metro station near Chinatown in Washington, DC
Worldwide
Chinatown MRT station, a Mass Rapid Transit station in Singapore
Stadium–Chinatown station, a Skytrain station in Vancouver, Canada
Achutha Kumar is an Indian actor who predominantly works in Kannada cinema. Born in the town of Belur, in the district of Hassan and brought up in Tiptur. They graduated in bachelor of commerce from the Kalpatharu First Grade College, which was then under the University of Bangalore.  They are well known for their performances in the films, Sidlingu and Lucia & they have won 3 Filmfare Awards and 2
Karnataka State Film Awards, one each in
Best Supporting Actor and Best Actor categories so far.2022 next release Fourwalls Kannada movie
Career
Achutha Kumar began their acting when they were in Tiptur College along with their theatre groups like Geleyarabalaga, Mungaru Hudugar and Abhinaya Theatre Group (founded by D V S Gupta) with a guidance of Nataraj Huliyar. Later, they started their training as an actor at Ninasam in the Shimoga district of Karnataka. Working in theatre during the time, they were chosen by Girish Kasaravalli to portray a pivotal role in their television soap Gruhabhanga in 2000. In Moodala Mane, they played a supportive colleague to the daughter of the protagonist. In Preethi Illada Mele, they played the eldest son of a judge (played by Anant Nag).
Kumar's career in films began in 2007 when they signed to play the father of the female lead in Moggina Manasu and the gangster Oil Kumar in Aa Dinagalu, both Kannada films. They went on to gain a reputation as a character actor and appeared in around 12 films per year. They also appeared in a couple of Tamil films. However, it was in the 2013 film Lucia, that they received widespread appreciation. In the film, they played the role of Shankaranna, who owns a movie theater and the employer of Nikhil, the lead character of the film, played by Sathish Ninasam. The performance won them the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.
In Hejjegalu (2013), Kumar played Kodanda, a gambling addict who squanders money taken on loan, being tried to reform by their young daughter. The performance won them the Karnataka State Film Award for Best Supporting Actor. They received praise for their portrayal of Shivappa, a scavenger in Amaraavati (2017). In Urvi (2017), based on the menace of child trafficking, they played Devarugunda, an influential man who kidnaps women, rapes them and forces them into prostitution. Archana Nathan of The Hindu wrote, "Achutha Kumar performs well, but one wishes that their character had been given some more depth and background."
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Male actors in Kannada cinema
Indian male film actors
Male actors from Bangalore
21st-century Indian male actors
Filmfare Awards South winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male actors in Telugu cinema
Tap! was a magazine for owners of Apple's iOS devices (iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch), published by Future plc. It was established by Christopher Phin and was a sister title to MacFormat.
Content
The magazine selected and reviewed apps and games from the App Store as well as a range of hardware accessories for iOS devices. There were tutorials on getting the most from your iPad, iPhone or iPod Touch, getting started help for those who are new to the platform, and a small section that gives best practice and technical advice to iOS developers.
The last issue of the magazine was published in August 2013.
Editorial team
Editor Christopher Phin
Editor-in-Chief Graham Barlow
Production Editor Matthew Bolton
Staff Writer Laurence Cable
Deputy Art Editor Chris Hedley
Games Editor Craig Grannell
Developer Evangelist Matt Gemmell
References
External links
Tap! official website
2010 establishments in the United Kingdom
2013 establishments in the United Kingdom
Bi-monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct computer magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2010
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Loi Faaeteete (born 1 June 1960) is a Samoan boxer. They competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Samoan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Samoa
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Heavyweight boxers
Deepak Sawant is a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council, belonging to the Shiv Sena. They represent the Mumbai graduate constituency. They were elected to office in July, 2006 for a term of six years and then reelected in July 2012. However they were denied a spot on the ticket in their third election bid. They were appointed Maharashtra's cabinet minister of in December, 2014 with the portfolio Public Health and Family Welfare. Later in the same month, they were also given responsibility of being guardian minister of Bhandara district and Osmanabad District.
Positions held
2004: Elected to Maharashtra Legislative Council
2006: Re-Elected to Maharashtra Legislative Council
2012: Re-Elected to Maharashtra Legislative Council
2014: Cabinet Minister of Public Health and Family Welfare () in Maharashtra State Government
2014: Guardian minister of Bhandara district, Osmanabad District and Aurangabad District
See also
Devendra Fadnavis ministry
References
External links
Official website
Shiv Sena Home Page
http://www.rediff.com/news/report/fadnavis-ministry-expansion-sees-mix-of-old-and-new-faces/20141205.htm
http://www.dnaindia.com/mumbai/report-maharashtra-cm-devendra-fadnavis-team-portfolios-allocated-bjp-retains-key-departments-2041510
Shiv Sena politicians
Members of the Maharashtra Legislative Council
State cabinet ministers of Maharashtra
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
John Tully "Jock" Speirs (March 10, 1860 – March 13, 1924) was a Scottish-born business person and politician in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
Biography
The son of John Speirs and Elisabeth Tully, they were born in Glasgow, was educated in Argyleshire and moved to Winnipeg in 1882. They operated a large bakery in partnership with Edward Parnell. One of the largest in western Canada, the bakery's daily output was 100,000 loaves.
In 1883, Speirs married Susan Manie. They served on Winnipeg City Council.
Speirs died at home in Winnipeg at the age of 63.
References
1860 births
1925 deaths
Businesspeople from Glasgow
Politicians from Glasgow
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Winnipeg city councillors
BeNuts (stylized as beNUTS) are a German ska band from Munich.
History
BeNUTS was founded in 1994 and has since been a very popular concert attraction throughout all of Germany. After four CD releases with Artysan and Wolverine Records, they toured Europe (Austria, Switzerland, France, Czech Republic, Spain, Slowenia and Italy) and played a tour together with English band Bad Manners in Germany. On the Sex Sells Tour in 2004, beNUTS played some shows together with Spanish band Ska-P. This had a great influence on the musical style of the band, which changed from traditional ska to offbeat rock.
A notable feature about the band are their multilingual song lyrics. While most of the songs, as well as all of the album titles, are English, many compositions also feature French, German, Spanish and even Croatian lyrics and titles. This made touring through most Central Europe possible.
In the first years of the band, line-up changes occurred very frequently, especially the position of the singer and frontman which experienced a lot of changes through the years. From 2003 to May 2006, this spot was filled by American vocalist Robert Allen Johnson.
In 2005, beNUTS played as one of the first German ska bands in Russia and Serbia. In December 2006, the band released the live-album Best Of... Live and played seven concerts in Japan. In 2008, the band performed again in Russia and it was filmed and broadcast by A-One TV and MTV Russia. In autumn 2008, after another tour of Japan together with Dallax, the last founding member Daniel Mauss ended their active musical career and took over management of the band.
In 2009, the band was sent to Romania by the Goethe-Institut. They released their seventh album, Shut up and Dance on GLM Records in September 2009 where they sing in six different languages (English, German, French, Russian, Japanese and Arabian). After another tour in Germany, singer El Konno left the band to focus on their own musical projects. After a one-year lasting search for a new singer, where it became silent around the band, bass player Fabian took over the lead vocals at the end of 2010. At the end of 2011, former singer Kuhar rejoined the band after a break of almost 10 years.
Discography
1996: 3 Tone S'Kaa (Artysan Records)
1998: Captain Rude (Artysan Records)
1999: Haching (Rockwerk Records)
2001: Nutty By Nature (Wolverine Records)
2004: Sex Sells (Wolverine Records)
2006: A Fistful of Offbeat (EP) (Rockwerk Records)
2007: Best Of... Live! (Wolverine Records)
2008: Bavarian Ska Maniacs (South Bell Records - Japan, Pork Pie Records - Europe)
2009: Shut Up and Dance (Impulso/GLM)
External links
Official site, also available in English
German ska groups
Musical groups established in 1994
1994 establishments in Germany
This is a list of the known snakes of Arizona. The Arizona State Reptile is the Arizona ridge-nosed rattlesnake (Crotalus willardi willardi).
Snakes
Non venomous
Arizona Milk Snake
Arizona mountain kingsnake
Arizona Patch-nosed Snake
Blackneck Garter Snake
Blind snake
Checkered Garter Snake
Coachwhip snake (Red Racer)
Common Kingsnake
Desert Kingsnake
Gopher Snake
Glossy Snake
King Snake
Ground Snake
Desert Rosy Boa Snake
Saddled Leafnose Snake (Phyllorhynchus browni)
Sonoran Gopher Snake
Spotted Leafnose Snake (Phyllorhynchus decurtatus)
Long-nosed snake
Western Hognose Snake
Venomous
Arizona coral snake
Mexican vine snake
Tropical vine snake
Sidewinder Rattlesnake
Grand Canyon Rattlesnake
Arizona Black Rattlesnake
Great Basin Rattlesnake
Tiger Rattlesnake
Hopi Rattlesnake
Lyre snake
Mojave Rattlesnake (Crotalus scutulatus)
Night Snake
Northern Blacktail Rattlesnake
Prairie Rattlesnake (Crotalus viridis)
Arizona ridge-nosed rattlesnake (Crotalus willardi willardi)
Southwestern Blackhead Snake
Speckled Rattlesnake (Crotalus mitchelli)
Western Coral snake (Micruroides euryxanthus)
Western Diamondback Rattlesnake (Crotalus atrox)
Western Shovelnose Snake
Twin-Spotted Rattlesnake
Cobras in Arizona's
References
Snakes
Arizona
Pak-Turk Maarif International Schools & Colleges is a chain of private international educational institutes under the umbrella of Turkish Maarif Foundation. Established in 2018, for the promotion of literacy in Pakistan, Pak-Turk Maarif has 27 branches in Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Lahore, Karachi, Khairpur, Multan, Jamshoro, Peshawar, Hyderabad and Quetta, with a total student population of more than 13000. Before 2018, the school was called Pak-Turk International Schools and was not under the umbrella of the Turkish Maarif Foundation.
History
PakTurk's first educational institution, the Islamabad Boys Branch, was established in April 1995 through educational agreements issued by the Government of Pakistan's Ministries of Education and Foreign Affairs. The first Preschool and Junior Branch opened in Islamabad in April 1997, followed by the opening of a Karachi branch in August 1997. In August 1999, an Islamabad Girls Branch was opened.
A memorandum of understanding with the Economic Affairs Division (EAD) of the Government of Pakistan on 30 October 1999 placed the Pak Turk International Schools and Colleges under the auspices of the Pak Turk International Cag Educational Foundation (Pak Turk ICEF), an international Turkish non-governmental organization funded by donations from Turkish philanthropists.
In September 2000, Pak Turk ICEF opened a Quetta branch of PakTurk International Schools and Colleges, followed by a Lahore branch in September 2001. Within the framework of the Adopt-a-School Scheme initiated by the Government of Pakistan's Ministry of Education, Pak Turk ICEF adopted schools in Sindh, Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab. A Khairpur branch opened at Former Colonel Shah Hostel Building on 16 April 2002. April 2003 saw the opening of a Multan branch at Khanewal Road. In April 2004 a Lahore Islampura branch was opened.
In the wake of the 2005 earthquake that devastated areas of Pakistan, Pak Turk ICEF participated in humanitarian aid efforts targeting those affected by the earthquake. Collaborating with the Kimse Yok Mu Aid and Solidarity Association of Turkey, Pak Turk ICEF became the first international foundation to reach the earthquake zone a day after the disaster, hauling 40 tons of relief goods, including tents, bedding, winter clothing, and food supplies. In response to the collapse of the educational infrastructure in regions affected by the 2005 earthquake, Pak Turk ICEF—again in collaboration with the Kimse Yok Mu Aid and Solidarity Association—completed the construction of ten prefabricated school buildings that were erected on the sites of collapsed schools in Muzaffarabad, Balakot and Mansehra. The furniture, set up and equipment of these schools were flown from Turkey and were assembled in time to be inaugurated in May 2006. These schools were submitted to the jurisdiction of the educational authorities in Azad Kashmir and North-West Frontier Province.
During the second half of 2006, Pak Turk ICEF ventured into constructing school and college campuses in Islamabad, Lahore, Peshawar, and Quetta. The Islamabad, Lahore, and Peshawar campuses were scheduled to open in time for the 2007–2008 academic year, while the Quetta campus construction was scheduled to begin in the second half of 2007.
Quetta Campus started functioning in August 2009.
In August 2016, Turkish principals of 28 schools were removed from their posts and the board of directors was dissolved. The New Board of directors consisted of all Pakistani nationals. All schools were being operated under a locally registered NGO PakTurk Education Foundation.
In December 2018, the Supreme Court of Pakistan instructed the interior ministry to declare Pak-Turk International Cag Education Foundation a proscribed organization and ordered the change in management of the schools. In January 2019, Turkey's Maarif Foundation formally took the management of all 28 Pak-Turk schools in Pakistan.
Islamabad Capital Territory Branch
Islamabad Chak Shehzad Campus is a boys campus that is offering pre-school to A-levels to both resident-scholars and day-scholars.
Islamabad H-8 Campus is a girls-only campus that is offering pre-school to A-levels to both resident-scholars and day-scholars.
Islamabad Junior G-10 Campus is a Junior school.
Islamabad Pre-School G-10 Campus is a pre-school.
Pak-Turk Maarif International Schools and Colleges F-11 Branch Islamabad, Pakistan
National Events and programs
MISMO
MISMO(Maarif Inter-Schools Maths Olympiad), National ISMO (for Class V to VIII) is a mathematics test based on multiple-choice questions. Pak-Turk Maarif International Schools and Colleges have been organizing the Maarif Inter-Schools Maths Olympiad (MISMO) for the students of private as well as state schools across Pakistan since 2005. MISMO has become a national event and being conducted all over Pakistan. This competition is conducted in different cities simultaneously. Cash prizes along with shields and certificates are given away to the qualifying candidates. The first position holder (studying in class VIII) is awarded by the title "Al-Khwarizmi of Pakistan, of the year" after the name of Al-Khwarizmi (Arabic: عَبْدَالله مُحَمَّد بِن مُوسَى اَلْخْوَارِزْمِي) (c. 780 – c. 850), a Persian Muslim mathematician, astronomer, and geographer during the Abbasid Empire, a scholar in the House of Wisdom in Baghdad.
References
5. https://enjoyislamabad.com/
External links
PakTurk Educational Foundation(For All Branches)
Ismo Inter Schools Math Olimpiad
School systems in Pakistan
High schools in Pakistan
Pakistan–Turkey relations
Turkish international schools
1995 establishments in Pakistan
International schools in Pakistan
Gülen movement schools
Organisations designated as terrorist by Pakistan
The golden-browed chat-tyrant (Silvicultrix pulchella) is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in the Yungas of Peru and Bolivia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
golden-browed chat-tyrant
Birds of the Yungas
golden-browed chat-tyrant
golden-browed chat-tyrant
golden-browed chat-tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Francisco Guadarrama López (born 10 October 1947) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the State of Mexico.
References
1947 births
Living people
Politicians from the State of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
National Action Party (Mexico) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for the State of Mexico
Paralimni () is a village in Serres regional unit of Central Macedonia, Greece, located 21 km southeast of Serres. Since 2011 administrative reform it has been a municipal unit of the municipality of Emmanouil Pappas and has a population of 720 inhabitants. Until 1928 it was named "Vernar".
History
About 500 m. north of Paralimni, near the bay of the dried-out ancient Cercinitis lake (later Achinos lake), the traces of a lakeside ancient settlement has been discovered, possibly named "Cima" (), which probably means "bay".
A number of ancient vase shells and an inscription of the Hellenistic period were found in this place.
References
Populated places in Serres (regional unit)
Archaeological sites in Macedonia (Greece)
Denys Andriyenko (, born 12 April 1980) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays for FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih in the Ukrainian Premier League.
Career
Andriyenko began playing football in the Ukrainian Second League with local club FC Dynamo Saky in 1997. They went on to play in the Ukrainian Premier League for SC Tavriya Simferopol and FC Metalurh Donetsk, both clubs sending them on loan spells to lower-division clubs. They joined Kryvbas for the first time in 2003. After one season, they left for FC Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk, only to return to Kryvbas in late 2008.
References
External links
Player profile
1980 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
People from Yevpatoria
SC Tavriya Simferopol players
FC Tytan Armyansk players
FC Metalurh Donetsk players
FC Kryvbas Kryvyi Rih players
FC Dnipro players
FC Oleksandriya players
Ukrainian Premier League players
FC SKA-Khabarovsk players
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Association football midfielders
Shajapur Lok Sabha constituency was a Lok Sabha constituency in Madhya Pradesh state in central India. This constituency was reserved for the candidates belonging to the Scheduled Castes from 1976 to 2008. This constituency covered the entire Shajapur district and part of Dewas district.
Vidhan Sabha segments
From 1976-2008, Shajapur Lok Sabha constituency comprised the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Agar, Shajapur, Shujalpur, Dewas, Sonkatch and Hatpipalya Vidhan Sabha segments are currently part of Dewas Lok Sabha constituency. Susner is part of Rajgarh constituency and Gulana was abolished in 2008.
Members of Lok Sabha
The constituency ceased to exist when Lok Sabha seats map for Madhya Pradesh was redrawn in 2008.
References
Election Commission of India -http://www.eci.gov.in/StatisticalReports/ElectionStatistics.asp
See also
Dewas Lok Sabha constituency
Shajapur district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
Shajapur district
Former Lok Sabha constituencies of Madhya Pradesh
2008 disestablishments in India
Constituencies disestablished in 2008
Paul Edward McLean, MBE (born 12 November 1953) is an Australian former rugby union player and administrator and is a senior executive in the real estate business. They played rugby for Queensland and Australia in the 1970s and 1980s, is a former president of the Australian Rugby Union, and an inductee into the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame. From 2009 to 2015 they were Chief Executive Officer for Savills (Australia & New Zealand), overseeing the Australasian operations of the multinational real estate services provider.
Family and early life
Paul McLean born in Ipswich, Queensland to Bob and Irene McLean. They attended St Edmund's College in Ipswich and Nudgee College in Brisbane. McLean played for the Ipswich Rangers, before joining Brothers in Brisbane, which was their local rugby club for the rest of their playing career.
Seven members of the McLean family have represented Australia in rugby union or rugby league. Their grandfather Doug McLean Sr. and uncle Doug McLean Jr. were dual code internationals who played for the Wallabies and Kangaroos. Their uncle Bill captained the Wallabies in the wake of World War II and their uncle Jack toured with the Wallabies in 1946. Their brother Jeff and cousin Peter also played for the Wallabies.
Rugby career
McLean made their debut for the Queensland rugby team in 1973, and quickly progressed to make their Wallaby debut the following year against the All Blacks. They made 31 career test appearances between 1974 and 1982.
They were a world-class goal kicker and at their prime there was no better tactical kicker in the game. They were also a gifted runner and passer when they took those options although later in their career critics were regularly calling for Mark Ella's more obvious running game to be brought into the Wallaby side. McLean played mostly at fly-half for the Wallabies but on some occasions was shifted to fullback or centre to make way for fly-half rivals Tony Melrose, Ken Wright and Mark Ella.
McLean captained Australia on one occasion, leading the team to a 22–9 win against Fiji in Suva in 1980. In their 1982 farewell season, McLean reached 1,000 points for Queensland in their 100th and final game. They also scored 21 points against Scotland in their final Test match, which was the Australian individual record at that time.
Brisbane newspaper journalist Hugh Lunn recorded the following on McLean's career in The Australian:
On the day of McLean's final game for Queensland, the main grandstand at Ballymore was named the McLean Stand in honour of the contributions from the McLean family to Queensland rugby and Australian rugby.
Post-rugby
After retiring from playing rugby, McLean took up a position as sales manager in the Brisbane office of Ansett in 1982 was promoted to state manager within a year. They later moved into commercial real estate with FPD Savills as Director of Agency & Commercial Leasing. Paul became Queensland Managing Director in 2002 and then Chief Executive Officer for Savills Australia & New Zealand in 2009, overseeing operations and employing more than 1000 staff. In April 2016, Paul stepped down as CEO to focus on the Queensland and New Zealand businesses, and growing the Savills presence in these markets.
For six years from late 1999 to 2005, McLean was president of the Queensland Rugby Union. From 2005 to 2009 they were president of the Australian Rugby Union, later renamed Rugby Australia. McLean was inducted into the Australian Rugby Union Hall of Fame in 2011. They became chairperson of Rugby Australia as an interim appointment to replace Cameron Clyne in February 2020 ahead of an annual general meeting the following month, and was replaced in May 2020 by Hamish McLennan.
 They are also a Director of Youngcare, a charitable organisation that works to create choice in care and housing options for young Australians with high care needs.
References
Bibliography
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
Australian rugby union players
Australian rugby union captains
Australia international rugby union players
Living people
1953 births
Paul
Rugby union fly-halves
Rugby union players from Ipswich, Queensland
Ten Rounds may refer to:
Ten Rounds (Eddie Rabbitt album)
Ten Rounds (Tracy Byrd album)
"Ten Rounds with Jose Cuervo", a single from this album
John of Hoio (Johannes de Hoio; died cca. 1317) was an abbot of the Cistercian Orval Abbey in present-day Belgium and Triumfontium in Luxembourg who, according to Konrad Eubel, served as the assistant bishop of Trier, simultaneously holding the title of a titular bishop of Duvno in present-day Bosnia and Herzegovina. Croatian Franciscan historian Dominik Mandić, while researching the history of the Diocese of Duvno, could not find any documents on him, thus being unable to determine whether John of Hoio ever served as a residential bishop in Duvno.
Footnotes
References
Books
1317 deaths
Cistercian abbots
Roman Catholic bishops of Trier
Bishops of Duvno
Cistercian bishops
14th-century German Roman Catholic bishops
Bosnia and Herzegovina Roman Catholic bishops
General locotenent Constantin Croitoru (born 5 May 1952 in Dițești, Prahova County) was the Chief of the Romanian Air Force Staff until 30 January 2009.
They were discharged by the Minister of National Defense, Mihai Stănișoară, after it has been discovered that various weapons were missing from a military depot near Ciorogârla, Ilfov County.
Military career
They joined the military in 1974 after graduating from the Air Force Military School. They attended the courses of the Academy of High Military Studies from 1981 to 1983. After graduation, they were appointed Chief Instructor of the 70th Air Division. During their career they also are assigned as air base and air division commander at the Air Operational Command, Chief of Operations Directorate, and Deputy Director of the General Staff. Their most recent appointment was Director of the General Directorate for Defense Intelligence.
Croitoru has considerable flight experience; they have lodged some 1,500 flying hours on a variety of aircraft, including MiG-15, MiG-21 LanceR, MiG-29, and IAR 316.
Personal life
Constantin Croitoru is married and has a son.
Education
Air Force Military School, 1974
Military Academy, Air Force and Air defense Branch, 1983
Brigade/Regiment Commander Course, 1993
Improvement Course for Strategic Operation Management, 1996
National Defense College, 2001
English language advanced course, Canada, 2002
Teaching Personnel Training Course, Bucharest, 2006
Appointments
1974-1984 – pilot, chief-pilot and patrol leader, 57th Fighter Regiment
1984-1990 – Chief Instructor, 70th Air Division
1990-1994 – staff officer, Methodical Training Office, Air Force and Air Defense Staff
1994-1995 – Deputy Commander, responsible for flying operations, 70th Air Division
1995-1998 – Deputy Commander, responsible for flying operations, 1st Air Corps "Siret"
1998-2000 – Deputy Chief, Doctrine and Training, Air Force Staff
2000-2001 – Chief of Staff, 1st Air Division "Siret"
2001-2002 – Commander of the 90th Airlift Base
2002-2003 – Commander of the 1st Air Division
2003-2005 – Commander Main Air Operational Command
2005-2006 – Deputy Director General Staff
2006-2007 – Director of the General Directorate for Defense Intelligence
March 2007-January 2009 – Chief of Air Force Staff
Promotions
1977 – Second Lieutenant
1978 – Lieutenant
1981 - Captain
1986 – Major
1990 – Lieutenant Colonel
1994 – Colonel
2001 – Brigadier General
2004 – Major General
2006 – Lieutenant General
External links
General Croitoru's biography on the Romanian Air Force website
Reviewing the troops
References
|-
Romanian Air Force generals
People from Prahova County
1952 births
Living people
Love Story is an American dramatic anthology television series focused on stories of romance. It aired from October 3, 1973, to January 2, 1974, on NBC.
Love Story was the second American television series of the name, the first having been the DuMont Television Networks anthology series Love Story, which aired in 1954.
Synopsis
Each episode of Love Story told a story of romance and was an independent drama, unrelated to any other episode. The episodes were set in various locations around the United States, and told a wide variety of stories, each about problems faced by a heterosexual couple in love.
Cast
As an anthology series, Love Story had no regular cast. Each episode had a different cast as noted in the episodes list below.
Production
In 1970, the novel Love Story; the movie based on the novel, also called Love Story; and the movie's theme song, "Where Do I Begin," all were major hits. Hoping to capitalize on this success, NBC aired the television series Love Story three years later. Although the show shared its name with the novel and movie and used "Where Do I Begin" as its theme song, it otherwise was completely unrelated to the novel and movie, each of its episodes being an entirely original story with an entirely different cast. Generally, less well-known actors and actores appeared in the show. Episode directors included Michael Landon and Donald Wrye. Writers included Landon and Elinor Karpf.
Broadcast history
Love Story premiered on NBC on October 3, 1973. It faced tough competition in its time slot from CBSs Kojak, and sharing its title and theme song with the movie Love Story did not help it to garner much of an audience, given that it had no characters or storylines in common with either the novel or the movie. With low ratings, it was cancelled after the broadcast of its 12th episode on January 2, 1974. The show aired at 10:00 p.m. on Wednesday throughout its run. It ranked 63rd out of 80 shows that season, with a 14.2 rating.
Episodes
References
External links
"(Where Do I Begin?) Love Story" – Theme from the television series Love Story (audio)
Love Story at CVTA with episode list
NBC original programming
1973 American television series debuts
1974 American television series endings
1970s American anthology television series
1970s American drama television series
English-language television shows
Television series by CBS Studios
Television shows set in Philadelphia
William Alan Horstmeyer (July 4, 1930 – August 22, 1964) was an American racing driver from Madison, Wisconsin.
The 34 year old Horstmeyer was an experienced midget car and sprint car racer when they made their Championship Car debut at the Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack for the Tony Bettenhausen Memorial in August 1964. On lap 24 their car brushed the outside wall entering the front stretch and lost a wheel, which caused that corner to dig into the dirt, flipping the car several times. The car landed upside down and on fire with Horstmeyer trapped inside. Horstmeyer died of burn injuries later that day.
References
External links
Bill Horstmeyer at ChampCarStats.com
1930 births
1964 deaths
Racing drivers who died while racing
Racing drivers from Wisconsin
Sportspeople from Madison, Wisconsin
Sports deaths in Illinois
District 21 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Marion County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Brian Clem of Salem.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Marion County, Oregon
Italy–Spain relations refers to interstate relations between Italy and Spain. Both countries established diplomatic relations some time after the unification of Italy in 1860.
Both nations are member states of the European Union (and both nations utilize the euro as currency) and are both members of the Council of Europe, OECD, NATO, Union for the Mediterranean, and the United Nations.
History
Precedents
In 218 BC, the Romans, coming from Italy, conquered the Iberian Peninsula, which later became the Roman province of Hispania. The Romans introduced the Latin language, the ancestor of both modern-day Italian and Spanish. The Iberian Peninsula remained under Roman rule for over 600 years, until the decline of the Western Roman Empire.
In the Middle Ages, the Germanic kingdoms derived from the Goths, the Ostrogothic Kingdom and the Visigothic Kingdom, were established, respectively, in the Italian and Iberian peninsulas.
In the Early modern period, until the 18th century, southern and insular Italy came under Spanish control, having been previously a domain of the Crown of Aragon.
Establishment of diplomatic relations
After the proclamation of Victor Emmanuel II as King of Italy in 1861 Spain failed to initially recognise the country, still considering Victor Emmanuel as the "Sardinian King". The recognition was met by the opposition of Queen Isabella II of Spain, influenced by the stance of Pope Pius IX. Once Leopoldo O'Donnell overcame the opposition of the Queen, Spain finally recognised the Kingdom of Italy on 15 July 1865. Soon later, in 1870, following the dethronement of Isabella II at the 1868 Glorious Revolution, the second son of Victor Emmanuel II, Amadeo I, was elected King of Spain, reigning from 1871 until their abdication in 1873.
Situation after World War I
Despite some incipient attempts to promote further understanding between the two countries, immediately after the end of World War I there were still issues restraining further Italian-Spanish engagement in Spain, including a sector of public opinion showing aversion towards Italy (a prominent example being Austria-born Queen Mother Maria Christina).
Rapprochement between the Mediterranean dictatorships
Once dictators Benito Mussolini (1922) and Miguel Primo de Rivera (1923) got to power, conditions for closer relations became more clear, with the notion of a rapprochement to Italy becoming more interesting to the Spanish Government policy, particularly in terms of the profit those improved relations could deliver to Spain vis-à-vis the Tangier question. For Italy, the installment of the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera offered a prospect for greater ascendancy over a country with a government now widely interested in the reforms carried out in Fascist Italy. Relations during this period were often embedded in a diplomatic triangle between France, Italy, and Spain. While showing a will for friendship and rapprochement, the "Treaty for Conciliation and Arbitration" signed in August 1926 between the two countries delivered limited substance in practical terms, compared to the expectations at the starting point of the Primorriverista dictatorship.
A diplomatic "honeymoon" between the two regimes followed the signing of the treaty, nonetheless.
Conspirations against the Spanish Republic
The early monarchist conspirations against the Second Spanish Republic enjoyed support from Mussolini. One of the most important Italian communities in Spain resided in Catalonia as well as the Italian economic interests in Spain lied there, hence that region became a significant point of attention for the Italian diplomacy during the Spanish Second Republic, and the Italian diplomacy established some contacts with incipient philo-fascist elements within Republican Left of Catalonia, including Josep Dencàs, although Italy eventually went on to bet on Spanish fascism. Although both monarchists from Renovación Española, the traditionalists and the Fascist falangists engaged in negotiations asking help from Fascist Italy regarding the preparations of the 1936 coup d'état, Mussolini decided not to take part at the time.
Italian intervention in the Spanish Civil War
After 18 July 1936 and the beginning of the Spanish Civil War, Mussolini changed the strategy and intervened on the side of the Rebel faction. The Corps of Volunteer Troops (CTV), a fascist expeditionary force from Italy, brought in about 78,000 Italian troops, sent to help Franco and vowing to establish a Fascist Spain and a Fascist Europe. Key military actions in which the CTV took part include Málaga, Bermeo, Santander and the March 1937 fiasco of Guadalajara.
Italian submarines carried out a campaign against Republican ships, also targeting Mediterranean ports together with surface ships. The Italian Regia Marina also provided key logistical support to the Rebels, including escort of commercial shipment transporting war supplies, and, seeking to facilitate the naval blockade on the Republic, it also allowed the Rebel Navy the use of anchorages in Sicily and Sardinia.
Italian forces partially occupied the Balearic Islands and soon established an air base of the Aviazione Legionaria in Mallorca, from which Italians were given permission by the rebel authorities to bomb locations across the Peninsular Levante controlled by the Republic (including the bombings of Barcelona investigated as crimes against humanity). A Fascist squadristi, Arconovaldo Bonaccorsi, led a wild repression in the Balearic islands.
World War II
During World War II, 1939 to 1943, Spanish-Italian ties were close. Though Italy fought alongside Germany during the war, Spain was recovering from a civil war and remained neutral.
In February 1941, the meeting between Mussolini and Franco in Bordighera took place; during the meeting the Duce asked Franco to join the Axis.
The fall of Mussolini came as a shock to the Franco administration. During first few weeks the tightly-censored Spanish press limited themselves to laconic, matter-of-fact information when providing news on the Italian developments. However, after the Italian-American armistice had been made public, the Spanish papers extensively quoted the official German statement, which lambasted the Italian treason. Some Spanish officers sent their Italian military condecorations back to the Italian embassy in Madrid.
Since mid-September 1943 two shadowy Italian states, the one headed by Mussolini and the one headed by king Victor Emmanuel III, competed for Spanish diplomatic recognition; the German diplomatic representatives in Madrid pressed the case of Mussolini, the Allied ones advised strongly against it. Following a period of hesitation, in late September Spain declared it would continue its official relations with the Kingdom of Italy.
The Italian embassador in Madrid Paulucci di Calboli opted for the Badoglio government, even though some Italian consuls in Spain declared loyalty to Mussolini. The Spanish embassador in Fascist Italy, Raimundo Fernández-Cuesta, formally remained at the post of the Spanish representative in the Kingdom, though they returned to Madrid; in practice before the Badoglio administration Spain was represented by lower-rank officials. However, Spain maintained informal relations with Repubblica Sociale Italiana. The former Italian consul in Málaga, Eugenio Morreale, became an unofficial Mussolini representative in Madrid; the Spanish consul in Milan, Fernando Chantel, became an unofficial Franco representative in RSI.
In practice, Spain maintained distance towards both the so-called Kingdom of the South and the RSI. Badoglio sought Madrid's good offices to expedite negotiations with the Allies, but they were turned down. However, also major Fascist figures who sought Spanish passports were almost always denied assistance. During final months of the war new embassadors were appointed by both Spain (José Antonio de Sangróniz y Castro) and the Kingdom of Italy (Tommaso Gallarati Scotti), though Sangróniz arrived no earlier than in May 1945.
21st century
Nowadays, Italy and Spain are full member countries of the European Union (EU), the NATO, and the Union for the Mediterranean (UfM). Bilateral relations between the two countries are very close, both due to the historical ties that unite them and due to their membership of the EU. Also, meetings between governments and at the business level are frequent. All this is reflected in economic exchanges marked by a very significant weight.
Diplomatic relations under the EU have been mired by underlying issues of common mistrust between both countries; cultural proximity and common challenges notwithstanding. They underwent a period of "freezing cold" during the simultaneous premierships of Mariano Rajoy and Matteo Renzi, who did not get along on a personal level. Both governments outlined plans for the empowerment of a Madrid-Rome axis vis-à-vis EU negotiations of Post-COVID19 reconstruction during the Second cabinet of Italian prime minister Giuseppe Conte, with Pedro Sánchez as their Spanish counterpart. The arrival of Mario Draghi to Italian premiership set however further distance between the position of both countries, contrasting to the hitherto "relative alignment" cultivated by Conte.
In January 2022, Spain proposed to Italy to sign a Friendship Treaty between the two countries. Also, Albares proposed to Di Maio "relaunch" the relationship between the parliaments of Spain and Italy and create an investment forum between the two countries. The purpose of this forum would be for their respective companies to participate in projects related to European funds to which both Italy and Spain will have access. Both countries planned to hold a bilateral summit in 2022.
Cultural exchange
During the Age of Discovery, famous Italian explorers and travelers were part of modern Spanish history, such as Amerigo Vespucci, Christopher Columbus or Francesco Guicciardini.
A Eurostat publication in 2016, estimated that 187,847 Italian citizens live in Spain and 19,094 Spanish citizens live in Italy. In addition, Italian and Spanish are languages that have a deep relationship and their cultures have intertwined over the years, complementing each other.
Resident diplomatic missions
Italy has an embassy in Madrid and a consulate-general in Barcelona.
Spain has an embassy in Rome and consulates-general in Milan and Naples.
See also
Foreign relations of Italy
Foreign relations of Spain
Spanish–Italian Amphibious Battlegroup
References
Bibliography
Albanese, Matteo, and Pablo Del Hierro. Transnational fascism in the twentieth century: Spain, Italy and the global neo-fascist network (Bloomsbury Publishing, 2016).
Dandelet, Thomas, and John Marino, eds. Spain in Italy: Politics, Society, and Religion 1500-1700 (Brill, 2006).
External links
Italian embassy in Madrid
Spain
Bilateral relations of Spain
{{Infobox concert tour|concert_tour_name= The Rock of the Westies Tour|album=Rock of the Westies|artist=Elton John|start_date=29 September 1975|end_date=26 October 1975|number_of_legs=1|number_of_shows=17 in the United States 2 in Canada 19 in Total|last_tour=Caribou Tour (1974)|this_tour=Rock of the Westies Tour (1975)|next_tour=Louder Than Concorde Tour (1976)}}
The Rock of the Westies Tour was a North American concert tour by English musician and composer Elton John, in support of their 10th studio album Rock of the Westies. The tour included a total of 17 shows across the United States and Canada.
Tour
John and their new band (now without Jeff "Skunk" Baxter but including backing vocalists Cindy Bullens, Jon Joyce and Ken Gold) warmed up for their Rock of the Westies Tour by playing five shows in three nights at The Troubadour nightclub in Los Angeles, the place where John had first conquered America exactly five years before. Kiki Dee joined in on these shows, which were benefit concerts for the Jules Stein Foundation and were commemorated by the promotional book "Five Years of Fun".
The western leg of the US tour began on 29 September 1975, at the San Diego Sports Arena, and finished up on 25 and 26 October at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles…the first time a rock act had played there since The Beatles in 1966. These two shows, the culmination of "Elton John Week"'' in the city and played in front of 55,000 people each night, were filmed for British television and remain some of the most famous concerts John has ever given. Following opening sets by Emmylou Harris and Joe Walsh, Elton John and the band were later joined on stage by Billie Jean King and the 45-member James Cleveland Choir singing on selected numbers.
Tour dates
Set list
"Your Song"
"I Need You to Turn To"
"Border Song"
"Take Me to the Pilot"
"Dan Dare (Pilot of the Future)"
"Country Comfort"
"Levon"
"Rocket Man"
"Hercules"
"Empty Sky"
"Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding"
"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road"
"Bennie and the Jets"
"Harmony"
"Dixie Lily"
"Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy"
"The Bitch Is Back"
"Someone Saved My Life Tonight"
"Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me"
"Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" (The Beatles cover)
"(Gotta Get A) Meal Ticket"
"I Saw Them Standing There" (The Beatles cover)
"Island Girl"
"Philadelphia Freedom"
"We All Fall in Love Sometimes"
"Curtains"
"Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting"
Encore:
"Pinball Wizard" (The Who cover)
Tour band
Elton John – lead vocals, piano
Davey Johnstone – lead guitar, acoustic guitar, backing vocals
Caleb Quaye – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Kenny Passarelli – bass guitar, backing vocals
Roger Pope – drums
James Newton Howard – keyboards, electric piano, synthesizer
Ray Cooper – percussion
Cindy Bullens – backing vocals
Jon Joyce – backing vocals
Ken Gold – backing vocals
References
External links
Information Site with Tour Dates
Elton John concert tours
1975 concert tours
Gordon Norrie (May 6, 1855 in Helsingør – October 11, 1941 in Copenhagen) was a Danish surgeon and ophthalmologist of Scottish parentage who was born in Helsingør (Elsinore). They were married to Charlotte Norrie, née Harbou (1855–1940), who was a pioneer of modern nursing.
They studied medicine at the University of Copenhagen. Originally trained as a surgeon, their interest later turned to ophthalmology, where they specialized in treatment of the blind. From 1903 to 1938 they worked as an ophthalmologist at the ophthalmology clinic of the Royal Danish Institute for the Blind, later the Statens Øjenklinik (the National Eye Clinic).
 They are associated with the eponymous "Norrie disease", a rare form of hereditary blindness that they described in 1927, and referred to as atrophia oculi congenita. This disorder is characterized by severe retinal malformations, cataracts, leukocoria and atrophy of the iris.
The Gordon Norrie Centre for Genetic Eye Diseases at the National Eye Clinic in Hellerup, Copenhagen was named in their honor. The National Eye Clinic is now part of the Kennedy Center in Glostrup, another Copenhagen suburb.
References
International Rasmus Malling Hansen Society, Short Biography
Gordon Norrie @ Who Named It
The Kennedy Center, Glostrup, Copenhagen
Danish ophthalmologists
1855 births
1941 deaths
People from Helsingør
Andole is a village in Medak district of Indian state of Telangana.
References
Villages in Medak district
Mandal headquarters in Medak district
House at 199 Prospect Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built about 1890 and is a two-story house with decorative slate jerkinhead roof in the Late Victorian style. It features a three bay shed roof dormer that forms the second floor and covers the entrance porch. It is identical to the House at 195 Prospect Avenue.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Victorian architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Arnaud Tattevin (born 26 February 2000) is a footballer who plays as a forward for French Championnat National club Borgo. Born in France, they play for the Central African Republic national team.
Club career
In October 2020, Tattevin joined Paris FC. On 1 February 2022, they moved to Avranches. They joined Borgo in August 2022.
International career
Born in France, Tattevin represented France at youth level before switching allegiance to the Central African Republic. As a youth international of France, they were part of their 2017 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification campaign and scored a goal in 7–0 win against Estonia.
In October 2019, Tattevin was named in the Central African Republic squad for a friendly against Niger. They debuted with the Central African Republic in a friendly 5–0 loss to Rwanda on 8 June 2021.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Paris
Association football forwards
Citizens of the Central African Republic through descent
Central African Republic footballers
Central African Republic international footballers
French footballers
France youth international footballers
French sportspeople of Central African Republic descent
Paris FC players
US Avranches players
FC Bastia-Borgo players
Ligue 2 players
Championnat National players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
Ernest Konon (born 16 March 1974 in Poland) is a Polish retired footballer.
Honours
Genk
Belgian Cup: 1997–98
References
Polish footballers
Association football forwards
Living people
1974 births
Jagiellonia Białystok players
K.R.C. Genk players
K.R.C. Zuid-West-Vlaanderen players
Zagłębie Lubin players
ŁKS Łódź players
Śląsk Wrocław players
Korona Kielce players
The Murguma Dam is constructed on the Saharajhore River, one of the tributary of Kangsabati River in West Bengal, India. The dam is constructed near Murguma village in the foothill of Ajodhya Hills, Purulia District. It's under Kotshila Police Station. A number of other streams also flow into the dam directly from Ajodhya Hills. The dam is surrounded by hills, forests and a number of small islands within it. The place is situated at the north west end of Ajodhya Hills which is considered as an eastern extension of Chota Nagpur Plateau.
People and economy
The area is basically inhabited by tribal people, mainly Santal people. The economy is mainly dependent on agriculture. However, the place has a good potentiality to be a popular tourist spot which can improve economic condition of the local people. The government is promoting this place as a tourist destination. This dam is a part of one of the key small irrigation projects in rural as well as arid areas of West Bengal having a considerable percentage of tribal population.
It is one of the promising tourist spots of Eastern Chota Nagpur Plateau region. Till date, no facility of boating offered. The dam and surroundings are preferred locations for backpackers. The dam features in the tourism brochure of Government Tourist Department of Purulia District.
Accessibility
The nearest railway station is Jhalda, from where the place is accessible by single metaled road. The other option is to follow the Purulia-Tamna more-Arsha-Begunkodor-Murguma(50 km) route. The accessibility is somehow not so good but that is perhaps one of the reasons that the place still offers wild beauty.
Distance from nearby places:
Ajodhya Hills Top = 20 km,
Jhalda = 16 km,
Begunkodor town = 6 km,
Begunkodar rail FH = 12 km,
Kolkata = 340 km,
Purulia = 50 km,
Durgapur = 185 km (via Bankura) 165 km (via Asansol),
Bankura = 140 km,
Jamshedpur = 110 km,
Ranchi = 95 km,
Asansol = 134 km,
Miscellaneous
Being far from urban disturbance, this dam is a location for research on indigenous aquatic flora and fauna.
This area was affected by Maoist insurgency a few years back but now returned to normalcy.
Gallery
References
Dams in West Bengal
Year of establishment missing
Purulia district
Tourist attractions in Purulia district
Pausanias of Orestis () was a member of Philip II of Macedon's personal bodyguard (somatophylakes). They assassinated Philip in 336 BC, possibly at the behest of Philip's wife Olympias, or even their son Alexander the Great. Pausanias was killed while fleeing the assassination.
Motive as an assassin
The most popular explanation of the murder comes from Diodorus Siculus, who expanded on its mention by Aristotle. According to Diodorus, the general Attalus blamed Pausanias of Orestis for the death of their friend, who confusingly was also named Pausanias.
Pausanias of Orestis, feeling spurned, insulted their romantic rival Pausanias, Attalus's lover, in public. To secure their public honor, Pausanias, the beloved of Attalus, endangered themselves in battle while protecting the king. Devastated by their lover's effective suicide, Attalus sought to punish Pausanias of Orestis by getting them drunk and raping him. For any number of reasons, Philip did not punish Attalus for the rape of Philip's former lover; probably as a consolation, Pausanias of Orestis was promoted to the rank of somatophylax.
It has been supposed then that Pausanias' motive for killing Philip was at least in part due to personal anger over Philip, who was the host of the party where Pausanias was raped, not having intervened in any way, nor even having reprimanded Attalus.
Problems with timing of the revenge
However, there is a problem with the delay between the rape and the revenge: Diodorus supports the attribution of a personal motive to Pausanias, but dates the events that led to the assault on Pausanias to the time of the Illyrian Pleurias, but the last known campaign Philip conducted against the Illyria took place in 344 BC. The correspondence between these dates would put eight years between Pausanias' rape and the murder of Philip – a long wait for an ostensibly hot-blooded act of personal revenge.
Killed while fleeing and trial of co-conspirators
Pausanias killed Philip at the wedding ceremony of Philip's daughter Cleopatra to Alexander I of Epirus; however, in the aftermath of the murder, whilst fleeing to the city gate in order to make their escape, Pausanias tripped on a vine root and was speared to death by several of Philip's bodyguards, including Attalus, son of Andromenes the Stymphaean, Leonnatus, and Perdiccas, who were also bodyguards and friends of Alexander.
The murder was certainly premeditated, as horses were found near where Pausanias had tried to flee. At the murder trial, two other men, Heromenes and Arrhabaeus, were found guilty of conspiring with Pausanias, and executed. Leonnatus, who threw the spear that killed Pausanias, was demoted, possibly under the suspicion that they were trying to prevent the assassin from being interrogated.
Memorial
Philip's son and successor, Alexander, had Pausanias's corpse crucified. However, as soon as the new king had left Macedon, a memorial to Pausanias was erected by Olympias, Philip's widow and Alexander's mother.
See also
Amyntas (son of Antiochus)
References
Sources
Ancient
Plutarch: Life of Alexander
"Philip's Assassination", Plutarch
Diodorus Siculus, 16.94
Modern
"Death of Philip: Murder or Assassination?"
Alexander The Great, J. R. Hamilton
Alexander Of Macedon 356-323 B.C., Peter Green
4th-century BC births
336 BC deaths
Generals of Philip II of Macedon
LGBT people from Greece
Ancient LGBT people
Somatophylakes
People associated with Alexander the Great
Ancient Macedonian generals
People executed for murder
Greek regicides
Ancient Orestians
People executed by Alexander the Great
Year of birth unknown
Ancient murderers
The Archdiocese or Archbishopric of Arad (), formerly the Bishopric of Arad (, ) is an episcopal see of the Romanian Orthodox Church, under the administration of the Metropolis of Banat, with jurisdiction over Arad County in Romania. The current head is bishop Timotei Seviciu.
History
The history of Eastern Orthodox Christianity on the territory of the present-day bishopric is very long and dates back to late Antiquity and early Middle Ages. The Eparchy of Arad in its modern form was created after the Austro-Turkish war (1683-1699), in 1706 when the city of Arad and its region became part of Habsburg monarchy. During 18th century and up to the middle of 19th century, Bishopric of Arad was under jurisdiction of the Metropolitanate of Karlovci. Eparchy of Arad also had an important regional vicariate (exarchate) in the city of Oradea. Majority of Eastern Orthodox Christians of this Eparchy were ethnic Romanians and minority were ethnic Serbs and Greeks. Following the will of the majority of people, the Eparchy of Arad was transferred in 1865 from jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Karlovci to the jurisdiction of the newly created Metropolis of Sibiu. The Eastern Orthodox Romanians of the Patriarchate of Karlovci separated and were transferred to the newly created Metropolis of Sibiu through mutual agreement that included the transfer of the Eparchy of Arad and eastern parts of eparchies of Temišvar and Vršac. After World War I and the creation of united Romania, it became part of the united Romanian Orthodox Church. In 2009, the bishopric was elevated to an archbishopric under the Metropolis of Banat.
Bishops
Between 1695 and 1865 the bishops were under the jurisdiction of the Metropolitanate of Karlovci.
Isaija Đaković (1695–1708)
Joanikije Martinović (1710–21)
Sofronije Ravaničianin (1722–26)
Vikentije Jovanović (1726–31)
Isaija Antonović (1731–48)
Pavle Nenadović (1748–49)
Sinesije Živanović (1749–68)
Pahomije Knežević (1769–83)
Petar Petrović (1784–86)
Pavle Avakumović (1786–15)
Sede vacans (1815–29), administrator Josif Putnik
Nestor Jovanović (1829–30)
Gerasim Rac (1835–52)
Prokopije Ivačković (1853–65)
Since 1865, these bishops have been under the jurisdiction of the Metropolis of Sibiu until 1947 when the Metropolis of Banat was established. In 2009, the holder of the office was elevated to the rank of archbishop.
Prokopije Ivačković (1865–73)
Miron Romanul (1873–74)
Ioan Mețianu (1874–98)
Iosif Ioan Goldiș (1899–1902)
Ioan Ignatie Papp (1903–25)
Grigorie Comșa (1925–35)
Andrei Mageru (1936–60)
Nicolae Corneanu (1960–62)
Teoctist Arăpașu (1962–73)
Visarion Aștileanu (1973–84)
Timotei Seviciu (1984–present), archbishop since 2009.
See also
List of members of the Holy Synod of the Romanian Orthodox Church
Metropolitanate of Karlovci
Patriarchate of Karlovci
References
Bibliography
External links
Sources of Historical Demography of XVIIIth century in the Diocese of Arad
At the limits of the Romanian Orthodoxy: Oradea Vicariate
Arad
Defunct religious sees of the Serbian Orthodox Church
Naimabad () may refer to:
Naimabad, Fars
Naimabad, Fahraj, Kerman Province
Naimabad, Zarand, Kerman Province
Naimabad, Mazandaran
Naimabad, Nishapur, Razavi Khorasan Province
Naimabad, Miyan Jolgeh, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province
Naimabad, Semnan
Gretna is an unincorporated community in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office was established at Gretna in 1878, and remained in operation until 1901. Besides the post office, Gretna had a railroad station and country store.
References
Unincorporated communities in Logan County, Ohio
1878 establishments in Ohio
Populated places established in 1878
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Archibald Charles Strang (30 September 1916 – 1 February 1992) was an Australian football player and coach in the Western Australian Football League (WAFL).
Early life
Strang was born to Amy (née Beresford) and Archibald William Strang in Fremantle, Western Australia.
Strang began their junior football career playing with Fremantle Ex-Scholars Football Club and Yarloop Football Club.
Football career
Although their father Archie had played 241 games for East Fremantle Football Club and was a life member, Strang made their seniors debut in 1936 with South Fremantle Football Club due to living in their recruiting district. While Strang was spoken of as one of Western Australia's foremost juniors they only managed 5 games over two seasons due to injuries.
In 1938 an exchange of players allowed Strang to play for East Fremantle Football Club. In five seasons for East Fremantle Strang played 64 games and kicked 30 goals.
Their footballing career was interrupted by the Second World War where between 1942 and 1945 Strang served in the Royal Australian Air Force as a Fight Sergeant.
They returned to play for East Fremantle in the 1945 WAFL premiership before playing one game for South Fremantle in 1946 and retiring from football.
Strang went on to coach East Fremantle in 1953 and Subiaco Football Club in 1954 and 1955.
Strang is life member of the East Fremantle Football Club.
Personal life
Strang married Daphne Smith in Fremantle in 1940.
Strang died in Wanneroo on 1 February 1992.
References
Australian rules footballers from Western Australia
South Fremantle Football Club players
East Fremantle Football Club players
East Fremantle Football Club coaches
Subiaco Football Club coaches
1916 births
1992 deaths
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Australian Air Force airmen
This is a list of episodes of the Chinese variety show Running Man in season 1. The show airs on ZRTG: Zhejiang Television.
Episodes
Notes
References
External links
Running Man China Official Homepage
2014 Chinese television seasons
2015 Chinese television seasons
Uda-Clocociov is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Uda-Clocociov and Uda-Paciurea. These were part of Slobozia Mândra Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Joshua Symonette (born May 8, 1978) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. While in Washington, Symonette made the team in 2000 as an undrafted rookie free agent. They were active for four games and recorded two special team tackles. After being released from the Redskins on September 2, 2001, they signed with the Miami Dolphins on January 15, 2002. In 2003, they played one season for the Berlin Thunder in the now defunct NFL Europe. They played college football at Tennessee Tech.
While at Tennessee Tech, Symonette was an All-Ohio Valley Conference selection each year of their career. As a first-year student, they made three interceptions and earned an honorable mention selection in 1996. During their sophomore season, they were second on the team with 98 tackles and earned second-team All-OVC. During their final two seasons at Tech, Symonette recorded more than 200 tackles and two interceptions. They were a first-team All-OVC selection following both seasons. They also, holds the school record for the longest interception return, 98 yards. They were coached at Tennessee Tech by former Atlanta Falcons head coach Mike Smith.
They earned a Bachelor of Science in Interdisciplinary Studies with a concentration in English-Journalism.
 They are currently a pastor at the National Community Church's Kingstowne, VA campus.
References
1978 births
Living people
Players of American football from Miami
American football safeties
Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles football players
Washington Redskins players
Berlin Thunder players
The dusky sunbird (Cinnyris fuscus) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. This relatively dull sunbird is found in arid savanna, thickets and shrubland (e.g. Karoo) in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, and South Africa.
References
External links
Dusky sunbird - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
dusky sunbird
Birds of Southern Africa
dusky sunbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Luncavița is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Luncavița and Rachelu. It also included Văcăreni village until 2003, when it was split off to form Văcăreni Commune.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Place names of Slavic origin in Romania
eo:Luncaviţa
The Fujian niltava (Niltava davidi) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.
It is found in Cambodia, China, Hong Kong, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Fujian niltava
Birds of South China
Birds of Hainan
Birds of Yunnan
Fujian niltava
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The term aritox occurs in names of monoclonal antibodies and indicates that they are linked to an A chain of the ricin protein.
Telimomab aritox
Zolimomab aritox
Toxins
Pedro Rodríguez González (born 12 August 1994 in Zaragoza) is a former Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle racer. They currently race in the RFME Superstock 1000 Championship aboard a BMW S1000RR, and has previously competed in the Spanish CEV 125GP Championship, the Spanish Moto3 Championship, the Spanish Moto2 Championship, the European Superstock 600 Championship and the RFME Superstock 600 Championship.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1994 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
The Donbas Operation (September 29 – November 4, 1941) was a frontline defensive operation of the Soviet Red Army in the territory of Donbas on the Eastern Front of the Second World War in Europe. It was an integral part of the Donbas–Rostov Strategic Defensive Operation.
Forces of the parties
By the end of September 1941, the German army's approaches to Donbas were defended by:
Southwestern Front (Marshal of the Soviet Union Semyon Timoshenko):
6th Army.
Southern Front (Lieutenant General Dmitry Ryabyshev, from October 5, Colonel General Yakov Cherevichenko):
12th Army (Soviet Union) (Major General Ivan Galanin);
18th Army (Soviet Union) (Lieutenant General Andrey Smirnov);
9th Army (Soviet Union) (Lieutenant General Fedor Kharitonov).
The advancing forces consisted of the troops of Army Group South:
17th Army (Stülpnagel);
1st Panzer Group (Kleist);
Part of the 11th Army (Manstein);
Main forces of the 3rd Romanian Army.
The superiority of German troops over the Soviets was:
In manpower and aviation – 2 times;
In guns and mortars – 3 times.
Operation
On September 29, German forces launched an offensive. The 1st Panzer Group (from October 6, the 1st Tank Army) and the motorized division of the 11th Army almost immediately broke through the defenses of the Soviet troops and entered the area of the city of Osipenko (now Berdyansk). With this maneuver, they surrounded parts of the 18th and 9th Armies. The encirclement continued until October 10.
The Soviet 12th Army took up defenses on the Pavlograd (Pavlohrad)–Vasilkovka (Vasylkivka)–Gavrilovka (Havrylivka) line to contain the enemy's advance and ensure the withdrawal of the remaining troops.
At the same time, the Soviet Taganrog Combat Area was created, consisting of 3 rifle divisions to organize defense on the eastern bank of the Mius River from Uspenskaya (Uspenka[?]) to Taganrog and to cover the approaches to Rostov-on-Don.
On October 14, the Soviet 9th Army and the Taganrog Combat Area (the troops of the Southern Front) launched a counterattack and pushed the enemy forward units by 10–15 kilometers. However, with the approach of the main forces of the 1st German Tank Army, Soviet troops were again forced to retreat. The right wing of the front, by order of the Headquarters of the Supreme High Command, retreated to the Krasny Liman (Lyman)–Debaltsevo (Debaltseve) line, and the left wing (18th and 9th Armies), under pressure from superior German forces, to the Debaltsevo–Krasnyi Luch–Bolshekrepinskaya–Khapry line, where they took up defensive positions.
Outcome
German and Romanian forces defeated the remnants of the Southern Front of the Red Army, reached the Sea of Azov and entered the Crimea, and occupied the southwestern part of Donbas.
In early November, the 1st Panzer Group of the Wehrmacht resumed the offensive on Rostov-on-Don (Rostov Defensive Operation).
Notes
References
Sources
History of Donetsk Oblast
History of Luhansk Oblast
1941 in Ukraine
Conflicts in 1941
September 1941 events
October 1941 events
November 1941 events
Opisthotropis atra is a species of natricine snake.
References
Opisthotropis
Reptiles described in 1872
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Shahrabad (, also Romanized as Shahrābād) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 748, in 173 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Alexander McMillan House is a historic home located at 7703 Strawberry Plains Pike in Knox County, Tennessee, United States. It was constructed in 1785 by Alexander McMillan (1749–1837), an early Knox County pioneer.
Alexander McMillan arrived in Knox County in 1783 and purchased one of the original land grants that the state of North Carolina had authorized in the Land "Grab" Act of 1783, under which the state's western lands were offered for sale at a price of ten pounds for . They built the house in 1785. An addition was made on its front side in 1810 and a third room was added in 1860. The home was owned by their descendants until the middle of the 20th century.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.
Alexander McMillan
Of Scottish descent, their family migrated to Ulster, Ireland. Alexander was born on August 12, 1749, in County Londonderry, Ireland. In 1775, they emigrated to Boston in the American colonies. They then joined the Continental Army and participated in the Battle against Quebec in 1776.
They traveled to what is now Washington County, Virginia to meet up with relatives who emigrated before him. In 1778, they married their first cousin, Martha McMillan (1762-1836), the daughter of William and Mary Leeper McMillan. William was Alexander's uncle the father of William McMillan.
They completed their service at the military with the Battle of Kings Mountain on October 7, 1780. McMillan and their wife settled in the eastern part of Tennessee.
At 63 years of age, they volunteered to serve during the War of 1812 and fought with General Andrew Jackson in the Battle of New Orleans. They lived near McMillan's Station, an East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad station 10 miles from Knoxville, Tennessee, and died in 1837. Their wife Martha died in 1836.  They are buried on a farm near the Old Caledonia church.
References
Houses completed in 1785
Houses in Knox County, Tennessee
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Knoxville, Tennessee
Poznan Science and Technology Park () (PPNT), founded in 1995, is the first Science and Technology Park of its kind in Poland. According to Polish publication Money.pl, in 2010 it was selected as the best technology park in Poland.
It is located in the north district of Poznań (Wielkopolska region), Naramowice. A non-profit managed by the Adam Mickiewicz University Foundation, it is intended to support science and industry by such services as conducting research, offering technological consultations, training small and medium-sized enterprises, and offering guidance on technology transfer and international co-operation. It also offers rental space, with and over of buildings with office, storage, and laboratories hosting about 50 active tenants, including representatives of chemistry, biotechnology, IT, ICT and telecommunication.
History
Founded in 1995 by the Adam Mickiewicz University Foundation, the Poznan Science and Technology Park was the first science and technology park to operate under market conditions in Poland. Intended to foster business and increase ties between local business and the university, PPNT initially struggled with its goal, with 2003's The Human Geography of East Central Europe characterizing their results as "somewhat disappointing." However, the park continued its own development, receiving significant public funding and expanding in size and services until, according to Polish publication Money.pl, in 2010 it was selected as the best technology park in Poland.
Goals
PPNT is focused on the incubation of start-ups and technology companies, support and promotion of innovation and innovative companies, co-operation of science and business, research on new technologies and their improvement, conversion of scientific results into technological innovations and participation in the economical development of the region by encouraging entrepreneurs.
International cooperation
PSTP participates in many international project and networks, which include Regional Contact Point for 7 Framework EU Programs and Technology Transfer Department which is a member of Enterprise Europe Network. PSTP is also a member of International Association of Science Parks (IASP). Poznan Science and Technology Park is also active in domestic and regional cooperation with other science parks, local government institutions, business support organisations, universities innovation and technology transfer centres and cooperation chambers.
Research services
PPNT offers many research services for science, economy and companies delivered by its research centres:
Centre of Advanced Chemical Technology
Chemical Technology Incubator
Analytical Laboratory
Poznan Radiocarbon Laboratory 14C
Archaeology Rescue Research Centre
Centre of Information Technologies
Centre of Analysis and Medical Diagnostics
Isotopic Laboratory
Speech and Language Technology Laboratory
The Center for Optics and Optometry
Waste Management Centre
References
Further reading
External links
Science parks in Poland
Poznań
Swakula Sali (also known as Swakulasali, Swakulasale. and Sali or Rugwedsali) is an ethnic community found among Hindus in India. They claim descent from the Jivheshwara. Marathi is the primary language spoken by the Swakula Salis, who also speak local dialects. Their primary professions are weaving. It was Swakula Salis who first created Narayanpet silk and cotton factory. They are of Kshatriyas origin.
Religion
Shri Jihveshwara
References
External links
Wikipedia of Swakul Sali samaj
Indian castes
Tom Prince (October 26, 1968 – February 5, 2022) was an American professional bodybuilder. Prince won their IFBB pro card by winning the 1997 NPC National Championships (his only overall title) and remained competitive for five years, ending their career in 2002. Their highest professional placing was the 2001 Night of Champions, where they finished third. Prince suffered from kidney issues, a rare disease caused by either herediraty causes, obesity or even drug abuse called focal segmental glomerulosclerosis forcing them to end their career relatively early. Tom received a kidney transplant in 2012, however it failed two years later, requiring them to undergo dialysis three times a week, each treatment lasted for 4 hours. After ending their bodybuilding career Tom (together with their wife) ran a successful property management business. They died on February 5, 2022, at the age of 53, from complications of cancer.
Statistics
Height: 5' 8" (1.72 m)
Competition Weight: 230 lbs (104 kg)
Off Season Weight: 300 - 317 lbs (136 – 144 kg)
Competitive history
1995 NPC Nationals – Heavyweight – 2nd
1996 NPC Nationals – Heavyweight – 2nd
1996 NPC USA Championships – Heavyweight – 2nd
1997 NPC Nationals – Heavyweight and Overall – 1st
1997 NPC USA Championships – Heavyweight – 9th
1999 IFBB Night of Champions – 13th
2000 IFBB Ironman Pro Invitational – 9th
2001 IFBB Grand Prix England – 8th
2001 IFBB Night of Champions – 3rd
2001 Mr Olympia – 16th
2002 IFBB Night of Champions – 7th
2002 IFBB Southwest Pro Cup – 9th
See also
List of male professional bodybuilders
List of female professional bodybuilders
References
1968 births
2022 deaths
Prince, John
Prince,Tom
Cardassian is a fictional extraterrestrial species in the American science fiction franchise Star Trek.
Cardassian(s) may also refer to:
"Cardassians" (DS9 episode) in Star Trek: Deep Space television series
See also
Kardashian, Armenian-derived surname
The Kan (), also known as Khalifa (), are a Muslim community native to Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal.
Origin
The Kan, a small Muslim community, were traditionally involved in the repairing of umbrellas. According to traditions, the Kan were originally members of the Dom community who converted to Islam. In addition to repairing umbrellas, the community is also involved in the manufacture of fishhooks. The community is found mainly in the districts of Murshidabad, 24 Parganas and Nadia in West Bengal and Faridpur District in Bangladesh.
Present circumstances
The Kan are still involved in the traditional occupation of umbrella repairing, and during the chaitra or rainy season, the community entirely devotes itself to the construction and repairing umbrellas. This season last for almost six months, while for the remaining six months the community is involved in daily wage labour. A significant number of the community are now cultivators. They grow mainly paddy and wheat.
The Kan occupies distinct quarters in villages known as a para. Each of these settlements contains an informal caste council known as a panchayat, which acts as an instrument of social control. The community are strictly endogamous, and marry close kin.
See also
Domba
References
Dalit Muslim
Social groups of West Bengal
Muslim communities of India
Ethnic groups in Bangladesh
Dom in India
Dom in Bangladesh
Romani in Bangladesh
Romani in India
Confederation of African Tennis (CAT) () is the continental governing body of tennis in Africa. It is the non-profit private organization based in Tunis and affiliated with International Tennis Federation. The main aim of the CAT is to regulate the rules of tennis in the African continent, to develop the fundamental infrastructures for the sport, and to popularize it throughout the continent. For this, CAT also recognizes the excellence of professionals in the field of tennis, including players and member associations with awards and accolades. It is the largest regional body of the tennis with 50 member countries. English and French are the official languages of the organization.
According to CAT, African continent is divided into five different zones on the geographical basis with each zone has its own zonal head.
Affiliated Members
CAT is the largest regional recognizing body of the tennis with 52 members. This is the list of all the members of CAT, recognized by it as the representative of their respective country.
References
Tennis organizations
Sports governing bodies in Africa
Tennis in Africa
The 2019 Women's Euro Winners Cup was the fourth edition of the Women's Euro Winners Cup (WEWC), an annual continental beach soccer tournament for women's top-division European clubs. The championship is the sport's version of the UEFA Women's Champions League in association football.
Organised by Beach Soccer Worldwide (BSWW), the tournament was held in Nazaré, Portugal from 1 June till 9 June 2019, in tandem with the larger men's edition.
The event began with a round robin group stage. At its conclusion, the best teams progressed to the knockout stage, a series of single elimination games to determine the winners, starting with the Round of 16 and ending with the final. Consolation matches were also played to determine other final rankings.
WFC Zvezda of Russia were the defending champions, but were knocked out in round of 16 by AIS Playas de San Javier from Spain, ultimately finishing in 10th place. AIS Playas de San Javier went on to win their first title, beating Madrid CFF of Spain on penalties in the final.
Teams
20 teams entered the tournament.
Entrants
Key: H: Hosts \ TH: titleholders
Group stage
The group stage fixtures were announced on 6 May.
All times are local, WEST (UTC+1).
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Knockout stage
The top three clubs from each group, plus the best fourth placed team advance to the Round of 16.
In the knockout stage, the clubs compete in single-elimination matches. Consolation matches are also played to determine the final rankings involving the clubs knocked out of each round of the knockout stage.
Top goalscorers
Players who scored at least 5 goals
14 goals
Melissa Gomes ( Stade de Reims)
12 goals
Carolina González ( AIS Playas de San Javier)
Final standings
See also
2019 Euro Winners Cup (men's edition)
References
External links
Women's Euro Winners Cup Nazaré 2019 , at Beach Soccer Worldwide
Women's Euro Winners Cup Nazaré 2019, at Beach Soccer Russia
Women's Euro Winners Cup
Euro
2019
2019 in beach soccer
Nazaré, Portugal
Women's Euro Winners Cup
Muhammad Hatta Ali is the thirteenth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Indonesia.
In the election held on 8 February 2012, M. Hatta Ali comfortably won the position of chief justice ahead of four other candidates. They were sworn in as chief justice by President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on 1 March 2012. Hatta first became a judge in 1982 when they took up a position on the North Jakarta District Court. They were appointed to the High Court in 2003 and then to the Supreme Court in 2007. They were replaced by Muhammad Syarifuddin on 30 April 2020.
References
1950 births
Living people
Chief justices of the Supreme Court of Indonesia
People from Parepare
Domingo Vega de la Rosa (born 1953, in Tenerife) is a painter from the Canary Islands, Spain. They live and works in Los Realejos.
Biography
Early life
Dominga Vega de la Rosa is born in Puerto de la Cruz, a town at the north coast of Tenerife. At the age of about thirteen, they got interested in painting because of an old encyclopaedia with black and white art reproductions. Later, they went to the library, to read books about modern art. Their first exhibition was in 1977 in Palma de Mallorca.
 They are an autodidact. After a study in tourism, they moved to Barcelona in 1974 and made a journey to the Netherlands where they visited the Frans Hals Museum in Haarlem. In musea they were trying to learn more about art. They felt a vocation as an artist.
The 70's
In 1975 they had to come back to Tenerife for military service. This was the year Francisco Franco died. This event was very important for their personal development and also for life in the Canarian Islands. In their spare time they followed a course about technical drawing and read a lot of books about different types of art. They felt a special attraction to surrealism. Salvador Dalí and the Canarian painter Óscar Domínguez were their examples. After their seniority, they decided to concentrate on painting seriously. They moved to Madrid, where they achieved to sell their first works. In 1977 they got an opportunity to exhibit some of their drawings in a bookshop in Palma de Mallorca, after having been painting all summer in Manacor. Afterwards they returned to Tenerife.
In the seventies, the only university of the Canary Islands was in La Laguna, Tenerife. This was also the period of the new democracy in Spain. A formative period, where culture and politics were very important and La Laguna was a meeting point which facilitated contacts. In 1978 Vega has their first solo exhibition of paintings in La Laguna. Through this exhibition they became known at the Canarian Islands and from this time on, they were able to make a living as a painter.
Later development
From 1984, they lived in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria and Madrid. They studied the original paintings of Néstor Martín-Fernández de la Torre and got lessons in actual art by Guillermo Pérez Vilalta. From 1993 they travelled several times to New York City to experience the artistic environment of this city and to participate in exhibitions.
Alongside their artistic activities, they went to study history in 1997, at the UNED (Universidad Nacional de Educaciόn a Distancia). They obtained their degree in January 2003 and in 2005 they graduated in their specialty of Art History with the research about Figurative art in the Latin-Mediterranean countries.
In 2007, they started to write articles about art in a few weeklies of Tenerifes newspapers. They also gave a series of lectures about Actual art (2008) and a series about Art and movies (2009) at the Instituto de Estudios Hispánicos de Canarias in Puerto de la Cruz, Tenerife. In 2011 the Council of Culture of the government of the Canary Islands organized an exhibition of the paintings of Domingo Vega de la Rosa in La Laguna, which they called Anthropoflora Vernacula. This exhibition meant an official recognition of their work.
Artistic Movement
In a wide way, their first work is influenced by Surrealism. This is very popular in Tenerife, since André Breton presented an international exhibition in 1935. Vega says, their work can be fitted in the actual figurative painting. Their early works coincide with the beginning of neo-figurative movements and movements such as Anachronism, Pittura Colta or Iper Mannerism, arising in Italy in the late 70's and early 80's.
They have also starred symbolism in their works. They were inspired by French symbolist painters and English Pre-Raphaelites. In their recent paintings, the Canarian flora is always present.
Selection of exhibitions
1978 First individual exhibition of paintings, cultural center Ateneo, La Laguna, Tenerife
1985 Individual exhibition of touring artists in Caja Postal. Madrid, San Lorenzo del Escorial, Huelva and Jerez
1997 Participation in Five Artists, Maximillian Café, New York
2001 Individual exhibition "De la Apariencia al la Forma", Sala Barquillo, Caja Madrid, Madrid
2003 Individual exhibition "Transfiguraciones", Estudio Artizar, La Laguna, Tenerife
2011 Individual exhibition "Antropoflora Vernácula", Instituto de Canarias Cabrera Pinto in La Laguna, Tenerife
Group exhibition "Grup Dimecres.1975-1980", Ses Voltes (Palma de Mallorca)
2012 Individual exhibition "Antropoflora Vernácula", Espacio Canarias, Creacion y Cultura, Madrid
References
Estudio Artizar
Pinto, C.E., Allen, J.(2011) Domingo Vega Antropoflora vernácula''. Gobierno de Canarias: Islas Canarias.
Noticanarias{http://www.noticanarias.com/?p=1239}
Painters
Living people
People from Puerto de la Cruz
1953 births
Huronia is a historical region in the Great Lakes area of eastern North America. It is positioned between Lakes Erie, Ontario, and Huron. Similarly to the latter, it takes its name from the Huron, an Iroquoian society that flourished in the years leading up to contact with Europeans.
The term Huronia, which was coined by later Europeans, is distinct from the term the Huron themselves used for their dwelling place, which is ("the peninsula country").
At the time of first European contact, Wendake was "one of the most densely populated territories north of Mexico." It consisted of twenty to twenty-five settlements occupying about between Nottawasaga Bay and Lake Simcoe West to East, and Matchedash Bay and the swampy basin of the Nottawasaga River, North to South. The population was estimated to be 20-30 thousand.
Following the dispersal of the Ontario Iroquoians during and after the Beaver Wars, came to mean new lands as far away as Quebec and Ohio where the Huron resettled. Early European maps and accounts do not use the term Huronia; rather, Jesuit missionaries used terms such as , or, later, . In their 1745 Huron–French dictionary, the Jesuit Father Pierre Potier defined the Huron term as "", referring to the pre-dispersal homeland.
The geographic scope of Huronia has been fluid over time. One of the earliest European written conceptions of Huronia, by the Jesuit Jérôme Lalemant in 1639, included the land of the Petun (a related people whose territory is sometimes retrospectively called the Petun Country), which lay to the west of the core Huron territory. This core Huron territory was termed "Huronia Proper" by the late 19th and early 20th century historian Arthur E. Jones.
In the 20th century, the territory lent its name to the Huronia movement, a northern-oriented political movement in Ontario which pursued regional autonomy.
See also
Apacheria
Comancheria
Huronia (cephalopod)
Lenapehoking
Wendake (disambiguation)
History of Ontario
References
Citations
Sources
Further reading
External links
Huronia Museum, Midland, ON
Selections and Full PDFs of "The Jesuit Relations": Sainte-Marie among the Hurons and Beyond
History of Simcoe County
Geographic regions of Ontario
Wyandot
Cultural regions
The 2003 European Baseball Championship was won and hosted by the Netherlands.
Standings
European Baseball Championship
European Baseball Championship
2003
2003 in Dutch sport
Farm to Market Road 1463 (FM 1463) is a farm to market road in Fort Bend County, Texas.
Route description
FM 1463 begins in rural Fort Bend county, at an intersection with FM 1093 / FM 359. The route travels north through rural areas of Fort Bend County before entering Katy. It has a junction with IH 10 at its Exit #740. After crossing the interstate, the route continues through Katy, passing Katy High School, before ending at an intersection with US 90 near the Waller County and Harris County lines.
History
FM 1463 was first designated on July 22, 1949, along its current routing; its purpose was to connect Katy to the community of Flewellen. The community. near the intersection of FM 1093, FM 359, and FM 1463, existed at least through the 1980s. However, it does not currently appear on TxDOT's maps.
Major intersections
References
1463
Transportation in Fort Bend County, Texas
Adelphobates is a small genus of poison dart frogs. They are found in the central and lower Amazon basin of Peru and Brazil, possibly Bolivia. It was originally erected as a sister group to the Dendrobates and Oophaga genera. The validity of the genus is still being discussed, with the alternative being "Dendrobates galactonotus group" within Dendrobates. One species originally placed in this genus as Adelphobates captivus has since been moved to the genus Excidobates erected in 2008.
Etymology
Adelphobates is from the Ancient Greek, adelphos (brother or twin) and bates (walker or climber)."Brothers" refers to Charles W. Myers and John W. Daly, two unrelated scientists directly involved with studies of the species.
Biology
All members have conspicuous, vibrant coloration, and smooth skin. A peculiar feature of their reproduction is that tadpoles are transported to Brazil nut capsules lying on the forest floor. Cannibalism may result if more than one tadpole ends up in the same capsule.
Poison
All poison frogs are toxic and noxious. Like frogs of the genus Dendrobates, Adelphobates contain Pumiliotoxin 251D, which is hydroxylated to Allopumiliotoxin 267A, which is 5 times more toxic. The median lethal dose is 200 µg/kg and 40 µg/kg respectively.
Species
There are three species:
References
External links
Poison dart frogs
Amphibians of South America
Amphibian genera
The Raketenjagdpanzer 1 is an anti-tank guided missile-armed tank destroyer (the first such vehicle in service with the West German Armed Forces) that entered service in 1961. It was built on the chassis of the Hispano-Suiza HS.30, which was also used on the Schützenpanzer SPz 12-3, and armed with twin French SS.11 antitank guided missile launchers. Only one of the missile launchers is visible from the outside at any time, however, as the other is retracted into the hull to be reloaded when the first is ready to fire.
Armament
The twin mounted launchers for the SS.11 anti-tank guided weapons were the primary armament for the Raketenjagdpanzer 1. With ten missiles per vehicle, the crew had the theoretical ability to destroy ten enemy vehicles, although this was doubtful in practice. The weapon was wire-guided and the gunner continued to control the missile via a small periscope after launch. The SS.11 missile could penetrate 600 mm of rolled homogeneous armor.
Powerplant
The Rolls-Royce B81 Mk 80F engine, which could develop 235 hp @ 3,800 rpm, was chosen to power the Raketenjagdpanzer 1. The engine was capable of pushing the vehicle to speeds of 51 km/h.
Performance
The vehicle had a fording depth of 0.70 metres and was able to climb 60° gradients, clear vertical obstacles of 0.60 metres in height or cross trenches 1.60 metres wide.
References
Tank destroyers of Germany
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Brandon Adams is the name of:
Brandon Adams (actor) (born 1979), American actor
Brandon Adams (boxer) (born 1989), American boxer
Brandon Adams (poker player) (born 1978), American poker player
Ángel R. Cabada is a town (villa) in the Mexican state of Veracruz. Located in the state's Papaloapan River region, it serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of the same name.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the town reported a total population of 11,689.
The town is named after Ángel Rosario Cabada (1872-1921), an agrarian leader. Previously, the town was named El Mesón. El Mesón had been a small regional center of the Olmec or Epi-Olmec culture during a period between 400 BCE and 100 CE. Local farmers found the El Mesón Stela in the 1950s. (Tres Zapotes, about 15 km south of El Mesón, was part of the Olmec heartland.)
References
External links
Map of Ángel R. Cabada municipality by the Veracruz State Office of Information for Sustainable Rural Development (Oeidrus).
Depiction of the El Mesón Stela and the municipality coat of arms derived from the stela.
Populated places in Veracruz
Archaeological sites in Veracruz
Olmec sites
Epi-Olmec culture
The 1968 Vermont Catamounts football team was an American football team that represented the University of Vermont in the Yankee Conference during the 1968 NCAA College Division football season. In their seventh year under head coach Bob Clifford, the team compiled a 3–6 record.
Schedule
References
Vermont
Vermont Catamounts football seasons
Vermont Catamounts football
The 1980 CFL Draft composed of seven rounds where 80 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA. A total of 18 players were selected as territorial exemptions, with all nine teams making at least one selection in this stage of the draft.
Territorial exemptions
Toronto Argonauts Phil Jones DB Simon Fraser
Saskatchewan Roughriders Gene Wall TB Saskatchewan
Saskatchewan Roughriders Jim Manz TB Saskatchewan
Winnipeg Blue Bombers George Siedel OT Montana
Hamilton Tiger-Cats Don Ross WR Acadia
Hamilton Tiger-Cats Ian Ward DT Western Ontario
British Columbia Lions Derek Innes LB Simon Fraser
British Columbia Lions John Pankratz WR Simon Fraser
Ottawa Rough Riders Gary Cook SB Carleton
Ottawa Rough Riders Glenn Cook CB Richmond
Calgary Stampeders Mark Nelson LB East Central
Calgary Stampeders Elwood Threlfall LB Utah State
Calgary Stampeders Steve Kearns TE Liberty Baptist
Montreal Alouettes Doug Scott DT Boise State
Montreal Alouettes Doug Gair WR Bishop's
Montreal Alouettes Tim Kist DE Manitoba
Edmonton Eskimos Pat Toth CB Alberta
Edmonton Eskimos Dale Getty DB Weber State
1st round
1. Toronto Argonauts Greg Barrow OL Florida
2. Saskatchewan Roughriders Jack Hirose DB British Columbia
3. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Ken Ciancone LB Utah State
4. Saskatchewan Roughriders Bob Fletcher P Northeast Missouri State
5. British Columbia Lions Kevin Konar LB British Columbia
6. Ottawa Roughriders Pat McBride C North Dakota State
7. Calgary Stampeders Sheldon Paris QB Kansas State
8. Montreal Alouettes Joe Hawko QB Toronto
9. Edmonton Eskimos Ross Francis DE Queen's
2nd Round
10. Calgary Stampeders Ken Vallevand WR U.S. International
11. Ottawa Roughriders Mark Philp TB Richmond
12. Edmonton Eskimos Derry Donaldson TB Tulane
13. Ottawa Roughriders Neville Edwards TB Western Ontario
14. British Columbia Lions Paul Gohier OT McGill
15. Toronto Argonauts Tom Stevenson TE Valley City State
16. Calgary Stampeders Campbell Hackney LB Simon Fraser
17. Saskatchewan Roughriders Stewart Fraser FL New Brunswick
18. Edmonton Eskimos Dan Kearns DE Simon Fraser
3rd Round
19. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Rob Bunce DE Saskatchewan
20. Saskatchewan Roughriders Charles Toth DB U.S. International
21. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Vernon Pahl G Prince Edward Island
22. Montreal Alouettes Jack Kutasiewich G Moorehead State
23. Montreal Alouettes Gene Belliveau DE St. Francis Xavier
24. Montreal Alouettes Ed McMillan DB Carleton
25. Calgary Stampeders Darcy Krogh WR Calgary
26. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Eddie Murray K Tulane University
27. Edmonton Eskimos Ed Gataveckas LB Acadia
4th Round
28. Toronto Argonauts Robert Kiviranta DE Emporia State
29. Saskatchewan Roughriders Pat Hamilton DB U.S. International
30. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Brian Perkins T Saskatchewan
31. Hamilton Tiger-Cats David Yarmolulk TE Toronto
32. British Columbia Lions Michael Deslauriers QB British Columbia
33. Ottawa Roughriders Wesley Woof WR Wilfrid Laurier
34. Calgary Stampeders Barry McDonald C Montana Tech
35. Montreal Alouettes J.P. Normand WR Royal Military College
36. Edmonton Eskimos Bob Bridgeman DT Windsor
5th Round
37. Toronto Argonauts Rick Kalvaitis DT Wilfrid Laurier
38. Saskatchewan Roughriders Larry Harbord OL British Columbia
39. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Peter Mamer DE Saskatchewan
40. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Jim Muller DE Queen's
41. British Columbia Lions Ted Bellinger WR Queen's
42. Ottawa Roughriders Steve Shubat T York
43. Calgary Stampeders Jud Mayes DB Boise State
44. Montreal Alouettes Mike Washburn WR New Brunswick
45. Edmonton Eskimos Francis Sheridan E Queen's
6th Round
46. Toronto Argonauts David Marinucci FB Queen's
47. Saskatchewan Roughriders Ron Mackie LB Youngstown State
48. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Mike Danese LB Toronto
49. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Mark Sprague LB Wilfrid Laurier
50. British Columbia Lions Peter Wilson C Simon Fraser
51. Ottawa Roughriders Mike Szemeredy TE Toronto
52. Calgary Stampeders George Vasiladis DE Waterloo
53. Montreal Alouettes Gary Pooler WR Western Ontario
54. Edmonton Eskimos Richard Infantino DB Western Ontario
7th Round
55. Toronto Argonauts Todd Krohn T South Oregon State
56. Saskatchewan Roughriders Jeff Neal WR Saint Mary's
57. Winnipeg Blue Bombers Mike Topolovec DE Ottawa
58. Hamilton Tiger-Cats Mike Giftopoulos HB Ottawa
59. British Columbia Lions Reg Advocat LB Simon Fraser
60. Ottawa Roughriders Elwin Worobec G Utah
61. Calgary Stampeders Brian Meagher LB/FB Mount Allison
62. Edmonton Eskimos Anthony Dippolito DE McMaster
References
Canadian Draft
Canadian College Draft
Cfl Draft, 1980
David Gomia is a Papua New Guinean former professional rugby league footballer who represented Papua New Guinea at the 1995 World Cup.
Playing career
Gomia represented the Highlands Zone in 1991. They first represented Papua New Guinea in 1994 and went on to play for Papua New Guinea for four years, including matches against the New Zealand Māori side in 1998. They played in two matches at the 1995 World Cup.
Gomia originally played for Goroka in the SP Cup but spent time with the Mt Hagen Eagles before joining the Enga Mioks in 2001.
References
Living people
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Goroka Lahanis players
Enga Mioks players
Rugby league wingers
Rugby league centres
Hagen Eagles players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marmoricola terrae is a bacterium from the genus Marmoricola which has been isolated from soil from Jeju Island, Korea.
References
External links
Type strain of Marmoricola terrae at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Propionibacteriales
Bacteria described in 2015
Masood Abbas Khattak is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-6 (Nowshera-II) as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 36,835 votes and defeated Jamshaid ud Din. In November 2008, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and was made Minister of State for Local Government and Rural Development where they served December 2012. From December 2012 to February 2011, they remained in the federal cabinet as Minister of State without any portfolio.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly as a candidate of ANP from Constituency NA-6 (Nowshera-II) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 20,316 votes and lost the seat to Siraj Muhammad Khan.
References
Awami National Party politicians
People from Nowshera District
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nyalkal is a village in Medak district of Telangana, India.
It is bounded by Manoor, Raikode, Jharasangam and Zahirabad mandals in Medak district and Bidar district of Karnataka state.
Geography
Nayalkal is located at . It has an average elevation of 585 metres (1922 ft).
Demographics
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Nyalkal mandal is as follows:
Total Population: 53,721 in 9,055 Households.
Male Population: 27,098 and Female Population: 26,623
Children Under 6-years of age: 8,849 (Boys - 4,475 and Girls - 4,374)
Total Literates: 20,913
Nyalkal village has a population of 3,513 in 2001.
References
External links
Nyalkal mandal at Wikimapia.org
Mandals in Medak district
The 1910 North Dakota gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1910. Incumbent Democrat John Burke defeated Republican nominee C. A. Johnson with 49.96% of the vote.
Primary elections
Primary elections were held on June 29, 1910.
Democratic primary
Candidates
John Burke, incumbent Governor
Results
Republican primary
Candidates
C. A. Johnson
J. A. Buchanan
Hans H. Aaker
George W. Wilson
Smith Stimmel
Results
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
John Burke, Democratic
C. A. Johnson, Republican
Other candidates
I. S. Lampman, Socialist
Results
County results
Results by county were as follows.
References
1910
North Dakota
Gubernatorial
Roger Gaillard (Port-au-Prince, 10 April 1923 – 2000) was a Haitian historian and novelist. Born in Port-au-Prince, Gaillard earned a philosophy degree at the University of Paris in France.  They are best known for their multiple-volume chronicle of the United States' occupation of Haiti.
Selected works
L'Univers Romanesque de Jacques Roumain (1965)
La Destinée de Carl Brouard (1966)
Les Cent Jours de Rosalvo Bobo (1973)
Charlemagne Péralte le Caco (1982)
La Guérilla de Batraville (1983)
La Déroute de l'Intelligence (1992)
References
1923 births
2000 deaths
20th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male novelists
People from Port-au-Prince
20th-century Haitian novelists
20th-century male writers
Haitian expatriates in France
Venus is the debut extended play by South Korean girl group Hello Venus. It was released on May 9, 2012, by Tricell Media and distributed by NHN Entertainment. "Venus" was released as the title track from the EP, and the group performed the song on South Korean music programs, including Music Bank and Inkigayo. A music video for the title track was also released on May 9.
A repackaged version, Like a Wave, was released on July 4, 2012.
Background and release
On April 17, 2012, Pledis Entertainment announced through their official website their new girl group called Hello Venus, the second girl group from the label after After School debuted in 2009. On April 26, the first introductory video teaser and first image teaser were revealed, setting the stage for the release of their debut album for May 9, 2012. On May 3, a music video teaser was released, revealing the song "Venus" for the first time. It was also announced that member Yoonjo had suffered an injury and would only be participating in non dancing roles for the music video. On May 9, 2012, the music video for the title track "Venus" was released.
The EP was digitally released on May 9, 2012, through several music portals, including MelOn in South Korea, and iTunes for the global market.
Promotion
In order to promote the mini-album, Hello Venus performed "Venus" on several South Korean music programs. They had their debut stage on Mnet's M Countdown on May 10, 2012, followed by KBS's Music Bank on May 11, MBC's Show! Music Core on May 12 and SBS's Inkigayo on May 13.
Track listing
References
2012 EPs
2012 debut albums
Korean-language EPs
Hello Venus albums
Olivia Price (born 2 August 1992) is an Australian sailor. They represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing, and won a silver medal.
Personal
Price was born on 2 August 1992 in Sydney and is from Drummoyne. They attended Drummoyne Public School before going to high school at St Catherines School then Sydney Distance Education High School. They chose distance education in order to allow themselves more time to compete and train, finally earning their HSC in 2011. , they live in Sydney, and is part of The University of Sydney's Elite Athlete Program.
Price is tall and weighs .
Sailing
Price is a sailor, serving as a bowman and skipper. They have been coached by Euan McNicol since 2010. Them primary training base is Sydney, with a secondary training base in Weymouth.  They are a member of the Middle Harbour Yacht Club. They have a sailing scholarship from the Australian Institute of Sport and New South Wales Institute of Sport.
In 2008, as a sixteen-year-old, Price started competing in the ISAF World Cup Women's Match Racing Tour where they were the youngest woman in the competition, a title they held into 2012. They were ranked the ISAF Women's World Ranking's number one bowman in 2010. In 2010, as a crew member, they came in first at the 2010 Australian National Open Match Racing Champion and, as skipper, came in first at the 2010 Australian Women's Match Racing Champion. At 2010 ISAF Sail for Gold World Cup in Weymouth, they earned a gold medal. At the ISAF 2010 Women's Match Racing World Championships in Newport, Rhode Island, their team finished third. In the Women's Match Racing Team category for the ISAF World Ranking List, their team was ranked first in 2010.
In 2011, Price, Nina Curtis, and Lucinda Whitty formed their Elliott 6m team, skippering the team from the start. They competed in the Perth 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships. Them team finished eighth. At ISAF Nations Cup Grand Final in Sheboygan, their team finished third in match racing. At the 2011 Weymouth & Portland International Regatta in Weymouth, Great Britain, their team finished fifth in match racing. At the 2011 European Championships in Helsinki, Finland, their team finished seventh in match racing. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Weymouth, their team finished first. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Miami, their team finished second. At the 2012 ISAF Sailing World Cup in Spain, their team finished third. They competed in the 2012 ISAF Women's Match Racing World Championship in Gottenburg, Sweden. Going into the event, their team was ranked sixth in the world. With five wins and two losses, their team finished third in their group in the group stage. This was their team's final competition before the Olympics.
Price has been selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics in sailing as the team's skipper. They were named to the Elliott 6m team in June 2012. They were the youngest member of Australia's sailing team. In the lead up to the Olympic Games, they participated at a national team training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport's Italian training centre. They went into London knowing that if they earned a medal, they would be the youngest female ever to earn one in the event.
References
Living people
1992 births
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Australian Institute of Sport sailors
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Elliott 6m
Olympic sailors of Australia
Australian sportswomen
Australian female sailors (sport)
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
New South Wales Institute of Sport alumni
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People educated at Sydney Distance Education High School
Sportspeople from Sydney
Anna Capodaglio (pseudonym of Anna Adele Alberta Gramatica; 19 September 1879 – 29 June 1961) was an Italian actor. They appeared in more than twenty films from 1936 to 1945. Them sisters Emma Gramatica and Irma Gramatica were both actores. The actor Wanda Capodaglio was their sister-in-law (the sister of their husband Ruggero Capodaglio).
Selected filmography
References
External links
1879 births
1961 deaths
Italian film actores
Robert Meadows White (1798–1865) was an English cleric and academic, holding the office of Rawlinson and Bosworth Professor of Anglo-Saxon at Oxford University from 1834.
Life
Born on 8 January 1798, they were the eldest son of Robert Gostling White (died 18 October 1828), a solicitor at Halesworth in Suffolk, by their second wife, Elizabeth Meadows (died 25 September 1831); the solicitor John Meadows White was their younger brother. In 1813 Robert was sent to school under John Valpy at Norwich, where John Lindley the botanist, and "Rajah" James Brooke, were their fellow pupils. On 26 July 1815 they matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, and in the same year was elected a demy, graduating B.A. on 14 December 1819, M.A. on 28 February 1822, B.D. on 21 November 1833, and D.D. on 23 November 1843. They were ordained deacon in 1821 and priest in 1822. In 1824 they were elected a fellow of Magdalen College, retaining their fellowship till 1847. From 1832 till 1840 they acted as a college tutor. On 15 March 1831 they became proctor, and on 23 April 1834 they were chosen Rawlinson professor of Anglo-Saxon, holding that post for the statutable period of five years.
In 1839, at the end of their term of office, White was presented to the vicarage of Woolley, West Yorkshire, near Wakefield, by Godfrey Wentworth of that parish, to whose son William they had acted as tutor. After Wentworth's death they left Woolley, and went to Charles Anderson-Pelham, 2nd Earl of Yarborough at Brocklesby Park in Lincolnshire, where they acted as tutor to the baron's grandsons. In 1842 they were presented to the rectory of Little and Great Glemham in Suffolk by the Hon. Mrs. North, Lord Yarborough's sister, and on 29 October 1846 they were presented by Magdalen College to the rectory of Slimbridge in Gloucestershire, which they retained until their death.
White died unmarried at Cheltenham on 31 January 1865, and was buried at Slimbridge, in the churchyard, near the chancel south wall.
Works
White had contemplated the publication of a Saxon and English vocabulary, and only abandoned the project because it appeared likely to clash with the Anglo-Saxon Dictionary then being prepared by Joseph Bosworth. About 1832 they started editing the Ormulum, a harmonised gospel narrative in verse, preserved in a unique manuscript in the Bodleian Library. The task took nearly twenty years. White visited Denmark in 1837, and travelled to Moscow, where they were arrested and suffered a short detention for visiting the Kremlin without an official order. Their edition of the Ormulum was issued in 1852 from the university press, and in the following year an elaborate criticism of it was published in English by C. H. Monicke, a German professor.
References
Attribution
1798 births
1865 deaths
18th-century English people
19th-century English Anglican priests
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
People from Halesworth
Helen Ruth Saibil FRS FMedSci (born August 12, 1950) is a Canadian-British molecular biologist and Professor of Structural Biology at the Department of Crystallography of Birkbeck, University of London. Them research is largely focusing on molecular chaperones and protein misfolding.
Saibil completed undergraduate studies at McGill University in 1971 followed by a PhD at King's College London, receiving their thesis in 1977 entitled Diffraction studies of retinal rod outer segment membranes. Saibil went on to work at CEA Grenoble and the University of Oxford. Saibil has been at Birkbeck since 1989, and was elected to the Royal Society in 2006 and the Academy of Medical Sciences in 2009.
References
British molecular biologists
McGill University alumni
Alumni of King's College London
Academics of Birkbeck, University of London
Academics of the University of Oxford
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Living people
1950 births
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal Society
Canadian Fellows of the Royal Society
The Stockholmia 2019 Internationell Frimärksutställning was an international stamp exhibition held from 29 May–2 June 2019 at the Waterfront Congress Centre in Stockholm, Sweden. It was held to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Royal Philatelic Society London. The exhibition was granted patronage from the Fédération Internationale de Philatélie (FIP).
Palmares
The Grand Award went to Daniel Ryterband (United States) for: "A Country Divided: Effects of the American Civil War on the Mails".
The Best in Class went to the following exhibits:
CLASS 1 Traditional Philately. Gordon E. Eubanks for "First Federally Issued Postage Stamp of the United States". (98 points)
CLASS 2 Postal History was won by the Grand Award exhibit. (98 points)
CLASS 3 Postal Stationery. Lennart Daun for "1872-1897 The First Period of Postal Stationery in Sweden". (96 points)
CLASS 4 Revenue. Ralph Ebner for "First Americans, Spanish Papel Sellado, First Emission 1640/41 and its Usages". (90 points)
CLASS 5 Aerophilately. Jean-Claude Vasseur for "Newfoundland Airmail 1919/1939". (96 points)
CLASS 6 Thematic Philately. Joachim Maas for "Matematiks, a Science between Theory and Application". (97 points)
CLASS 7 Open Philately. John Davies for "A Jubilee Reminiscence". (92 points)
CLASS 8 Picture Postcards. Seija-Riitta Laakso for "Paris by Night". (92 points)
CLASS 9 Philatelic Literature. "Perkins Bacon Great Britain Line-Engraved Postage Stamp Printing 1840–1846" by Alan Druce. (97 points)
References
2019
Colonel Kiliaen van Rensselaer (December 27, 1717 – December 28, 1781) was a colonial American soldier and politician who was a member of the prominent Van Rensselaer family.
Early life
Kiliaen was born on December 27, 1717 around Albany in the Province of New York. They were the youngest of eleven children born to Hendrick van Rensselaer of Fort Crailo by Catharina (née Van Brugh) Van Rensselaer. Among their older siblings were Johannes Van Rensselaer. Their father was director of the Eastern patent of the Manor of Rensselaerswyck which covered roughly 62,000 acres of land in what is now Columbia County.
Their paternal grandparents were Maria van Cortlandt van Rensselaer (sister of New York City mayors Stephanus and Jacobus Van Cortlandt) and Jeremias van Rensselaer, the acting Patroon of Rensselaerswyck from 1658 to 1674 (who was a son of Kiliaen van Rensselaer, one of the founders and directors of the Dutch West India Company). Among their nephews were Brig. Gen. Robert Van Rensselaer. In describing the Van Rensselaer family, historian author William L. Stone stated: "They consisted of eighteen males in 1776. During the war every adult, except two old men, and all minors, except four boys, bore arms in one or more battles during the Revolutionary struggle." George W. Schuyler later wrote in their Colonial New York, "... of the eighteen males, sixteen belonged to Hendrick Van Rensselaer's branch, and of these, five were of Kiliaen Van Rensselaer's family." Their maternal grandparents were the former Catharine Roeloffe Jans and merchant Johannes Pieterse Van Brugh. Their uncle, Pieter Van Brugh, served as the mayor of Albany from 1699 to 1700 and from 1721 to 1723.
Career
Van Rensselaer was a gentleman farmer and landlord. Through inheritances and marriages, they received additional landholdings on the east side of the Hudson River.
American Revolution
They were commissioned as a colonel in their brother's 4th Regiment, Albany County Militia, Rensselaerswyck battalion on October 20, 1775 during the American Revolution. They were the representative for Rensselaerswyck on the Committee of Correspondence as hostilities broke out in 1775. Van Rensselaer was seriously wounded by a shot in the hip during the Battles of Saratoga that forced them to discontinue further service. General George Washington paid the highest of compliments about their courage.
Personal life
On January 1, 1742, they were married to Ariantje "Harriet" Schuyler (1720–1763), a daughter of Nicolas Schuyler and Elsie (née Wendell) Schuyler and granddaughter of Philip Pieterse Schuyler (grandfather of General and U.S. Senator Philip Schuyler and Mayor Abraham Cuyler). Them uncle was Albany mayor Johannes Schuyler and their first cousin was Johannes Schuyler Jr. Together, they lived on the east side of Rensselaerswyck, overlooking Papsknee Island, and were the parents of nine children, including:
Hendrick Kiliaen Van Rensselaer (1744–1816), a general in the Revolution who married Alida Bradt, a daughter Hendrick Bradt and Rebecca Van Vechten.
Philip Kiliaen van Rensselaer (1747–1798), a colonel in the Revolution who married Maria Sanders (1749–1830), daughter of Robert Sanders and granddaughter of Pieter Schuyler, in 1768.
Nicholas Van Rensselaer (1754-1848), a Colonel and aide-de-camp under General Philip Schuyler, who married Elsie Van Buren (1759–1844), a daughter of Cornelis Van Buren, in 1780.
Catharine Van Rensselaer (d. 1778), who married William Henry Ludlow in 1771.
Elsie Van Rensselaer (1758–1796), who married Abraham Lansing (1752–1822) in 1774.
Maria Van Rensselaer (1760–1841), who married Leonard Gansevoort Jr. (1754–1834) (a first cousin of New York State Senator Leonard Gansevoort) in 1777.
Killian K. Van Rensselaer (1763–1845), U.S. Representative who married Margaret Sanders (1764–1830), a daughter of John Sanders and cousin to Philip's wife, in 1791.
Their wife died October 17, 1763, four months after the birth of their last child. On September 18, 1769, they remarried to Maria Low of John Low of Newark, New Jersey. Them father died in 1774 and Van Rensselaer was one of the executors of their estate.
Van Rensselaer died on December 28, 1781.
References
1717 births
1781 deaths
Van Rensselaer family
Van Cortlandt family
Van Rensselaer's Regiment
People from Albany County, New York
Albany militia
American militiamen in the American Revolution
American Revolution spies
Van Brugh family
This is a list of Toledo Rockets football players in the NFL Draft.
Key
Selections
References
Toledo
Toledo Rockets NFL Draft
The 1971 President's Cup Football Tournament () was the first competition of Korea Cup. The competition was held from 2 to 15 May 1971. South Korea and Burma played out a 0–0 draw and shared the trophy.
Group stage
Group A
Group B
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semi-finals
Third place play-off
Final
Replay
See also
Korea Cup
South Korea national football team results
References
External links
President Park's Cup 1971 (South Korea) at RSSSF
1971
Razihi (), originally known to linguists as "Naẓīri", is a Central Semitic language spoken by at least 62,900 people in the vicinity of Mount Razih (Jabal Razih) in the far northwestern corner of Yemen. Along with Faifi, it is possibly the only surviving descendant of the Old South Arabian languages.
Speakers
Razihi is spoken on Jabal Razih, a mountain lying west of the town Sa'dah, whose highest summit, Jabal Hurum, is high. The population of Jabal Razih was approximately 25,000 in the 1970s and is estimated to be much more now. The number of Razihi speakers is reported by Ethnologue to have been 62,900 in 2004. A comprehensive study of the speakers, including their written tradition, was the topic of the book "A Tribal Order: Politics and Law in the Mountains of Yemen" (2007) by Shelagh Weir. This work includes a number of interesting realities of life in Jabal Razih including the mention that the tribes of the area typically have the term 'Ilt (IPA: /ʔilt/) in their tribe name (e.g. Ilt al-Qayyāl, Ilt ʿIzzan) and that aside from external governing bodies the political sphere of Jabal Razih was typically dominated by the Sayyid elite being that the majority of Razihi tribes have historically been adherents of the Zaydi form of Shi'a Islam. Attestation of the Razih region directly is known as early as al-Hamdani's work al-Iklīl but the tribal federation that the speakers of Razihi belong to, the Ḫawlan bin ʾAmir, were possibly known to the Sabaeans as Ḫwln Gdd(t)n.
Weir makes mention in the beginning of the book that the "local dialect, or language, is extremely unusual, and was always a difficulty, but some male informants could switch to a register of Arabic that I could understand more easily" and this is part of why the plethora of Razihi documents they were able to photocopy required rather specialized knowledge for them to understand. The earliest of these documents date to the early 10th century AH (17th century AD).
Razihi speakers see their speech variety as distinct from those around them who they describe as speaking "Yamanīt" (Yemeni).
Phonology
Razihi exhibits wide-scale assimilation of coronal consonants in words. Unlike in Arabic, this is not restricted to obstruents but includes sonorants, most significantly , as can be seen in words such as , "man" and , "woman", which are cognate words of Arabic , "person". Nasal consonant assimilation was a feature of some Ancient North Arabian languages (primarily Safaitic) and Old South Arabian but is not found in any Arabic dialect aside from perhaps the speech variety of Harūb, Saudi Arabia.
In contrast to Yemeni Arabic dialects, Razihi does not ever allow word-final consonant clusters (-CC).
Syncope, or the removal, of the high vowels and is a common phenomenon in Razihi:
(IPA: /waːħdah/) – 'one f.' ()
(IPA: /wistluː/) – they m. arrived' ()
(IPA: /gibðˤuːhim/) – they m. seized them m.' ()
In regards to the realization of the consonants š and ḍ, the suggested realizations in Watson, Glover-Stalls, Al-Razihi, & Weir (2006) are not universally attested and are indeed contested in Behnstedt (1987:94-96), Behnstedt (2017:17), and Weir (2007). The sound š is noted in Behnstedt (1987:94-96) as being "similar to that of Swedish [ʃ]" and that of ḍ being "a retroflexed [t͡ʃ]". The status of the latter is later mentioned again in Behnstedt (2017:17) not as being slightly retroflex but instead being described as such because the tip of the tongue lies just behind the ridge of the teeth when the sound is pronounced. Before mentioning this phonetic quality the discussion begins by questioning how in previous efforts to document the speech variety of Jabal Razih the author was unable to attest the supposed lateral quality of this sound as suggested by Watson, Glover-Stalls, Al-Razih, & Weir (2006), but that it may have been an older realization at some point. Weir (2007:21) notes that the latter sound is pronounced the same as the /t͡ʃ/ in the English word "chat". A similar realization of ḍ as /t͡ʃ/ can be found in the Faifi language. Behnstedt (2017:17) makes note of various words from Razihi with said sound, alongside their Classical Arabic cognates:
Classical Arabic – *maɮˤaɣa to chew' ~ Razihi – /mat͡ʃaɣ/
Classical Arabic – *ɮˤafʕ dung' ~ Razihi – /t͡ʃafaʕ/
Classical Arabic – *waɮˤaf slingshot' ~ Razihi – /wat͡ʃfah/
Other noteworthy features to mention is the realization of ẓ in some words, which seems to have lost both voicing and pharyngealization such as in the word ṯilām (IPA: /θilaːm/) '''darkness', and that of ṣ which is noted in Watson, Grover-Stalls, Al-Razih, & Weir (2005) as being the consonant cluster /st/. The latter may reflect another similarity with Faifi where ṣ is pronounced as the cluster /st/ in loanwords from Arabic but as /sˤ/ in native vocabulary. The phoneme ġ can be realized as /ɣ/, /χ/, or /q/ while the reflex of *q is typically /g/ much like neighboring speech varieties.
Razihi exhibits the monophthongization of *aj and *aw to /eː/ and /oː/ similar to neighboring speech varieties and similar to some suggestive evidence towards this same change in later varieties of Sabaic.
Pronouns
Razihi is unique amongst speech varieties in the area, as far as is documented, for having a rather large inventory of demonstrative pronouns that account for the gender, distance, and whether or not the referent is absent or not. In the proximal demonstratives agreement is restricted to the referent but the distal demonstratives may agree with the addressee. The plural demonstratives have a two-way distinction between human male and non-human male:
Razihi is unique amongst Semitic languages for having near identical dependent and independent second-person pronouns. The independent pronouns of Razihi are as follows:
Grammatical features
Razihi uses a number of prepositions that are reminiscent of Sabaic such as /buː/ 'in' (Sabaic *b- 'in'), /ʔaθar/ after' (Sabaic *ʔθr 'after'), /baʕd/ 'after' (Sabaic *bʕd 'after') and /ʕaleː/ 'on' (Sabaic *ʕl 'on, upon') alongside other grammatical features reminiscent of Sabaic such as the usage of /joːm/ as 'when (suborinator)'. This usage of /joːm/ as 'when' can also be found in some Arabic speech varieties such as Tihami Qahtani and various Bedouin varieties in Northeastern Arabia.Ingham, B. “Subordinate Clauses of Time and Condition in Bedouin Dialects.” Bulletin of the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, vol. 54, no. 1, 1991, pp. 42–62, http://www.jstor.org/stable/617312. Accessed 5 Apr. 2022.
Razihi has developed a number of participles through the grammaticalization of a number of classes of content words, such as /rd͡ʒaʕ/ 'then' which was the result of the semantic bleaching of the imperative /ʔird͡ʒaʕ/ return (m.s.)!':
/hijja ʔird͡ʒaʕ ʔiʃbaħ waragit al-ʕagid/ Then look at the marriage contact!'
The particle /d͡ʒoː/ is a likely result of the semantic bleaching of the reflex of /d͡ʒaː/ and it primarily functions to convey permanent existence or habitude:
/maː kaːn d͡ʒoː beː ʃiː braːk wi-hiːh/ Weren't there any water cisterns at all?'
Razihi similar to neighboring Arabic speech varieties and Sabaic, but dissimilar to Faifi, retains the so-called "k-perfect". The following is the perfect and imperfect paradigms for the verb /reː/ see':
Similar to Sabaic, Modern South Arabian, and Afrosemitic languages the feminine ending /-t/ is always attested in the definitive and construct states but also in the absolute state in many basic nouns. In adjectives the feminine gender is handled three ways: it is not explicitly marked on verbal participles; in some non-participle adjectives it is marked with a final /-ah/; and in other non-adjective participles by final /-iːt/ in all three states.
The future particle /meːd/ in Razihit functions similarly to that of the speech variety of Rijāl Almaʿ and various Modern South Arabian languages, but unlike either it takes the definitive article /ʔan-/ and is followed by either a verb, noun, or adjective:
/laː mani m-meːd ʔaɣid baðˤaʕah/ '''No, I don't want to go to Baẓaʿah.'
The continuous aspect is expressed in Razihi is expressed through the /faː/, /fa/, /haː/ +active participle:
/ðiː kaːnit͡ʃ faː-haːbillaː-h ʔist-stubiħ/ 'The one (f) you were telling this morning'
A similar construction is found in Sabaic in the form of subject + *f- + predicate.
References
Old South Arabian languages
Languages of Yemen
Hlusk (; ; ; ) is an urban-type settlement in the Hlusk District in the Mogilev Region of Belarus. It serves as the administrative center of the Hlusk District, and is home to nearly half of its district's residents.
History
The earliest written records of Hlusk date back to the 15th century. In March 1655, during the Russo-Polish War, the village was destroyed by the Cossacks, and thus released by the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth from paying taxes for the following ten years. There was an active Jewish community there, where Rabbi Avraham Yitzchak Zimmerman and later Rabbi Baruch Ber Leibowitz served as rabbi (Rabbi Leibowitz later moved to Lithuania). During the Second Partition of Poland, Hlusk became part of the Russian Empire. It was occupied by the Germans on June 28, 1941, and remained under their control until June 27, 1944.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Mogilev Region
Urban-type settlements in Belarus
Villages in Belarus
Pakistan participated in the 2002 Asian Games in Busan, South Korea held from September 29 to October 14, 2002.
Medallists
Hockey
Pakistan placed fourth in these games. It lost to India in the semifinals and Malaysia in the bronze medal match.
Kabaddi
Squash
References
Nations at the 2002 Asian Games
2002
Asian Games
SMS is a 2008 Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Surjulan, starring Bala, Navya Nair and Mukesh. It is a campus investigation film.
Plot
Indhu is a first year student who gets ragged by Kichan and their gang. But with their smartness, they manage to ourshine their seniors. Slowly, Kichan and Indhu falls in love. One day Indhu confronts them and accuses them for cheating on them When Kichan tries to find out why, they see a flirty SMS sent from their mobile to a girl's number. They fight with their friend who sent the message from the mobile. Kichan tries to tell Indhu what actually happened, but they are too angry to listen.
One day, Indhu calls them tells them that they don't deserve to be in their life or in this world. Before Kichan could do anything to console her, they jump off from the college building and dies.
As the police starts investigating their death, Kichan becomes their prime suspect as they were the last person they talked to and they were fighting for a few days.
While Kichan themselves tries to recover from Indhu's death, they find themselves tangled up in the investigation. Soon, a girl named Kalyani confronts them and reveals that they were the girl who received the SMS from their number and their father died after a marriage alliance got rejected because of the SMS. Kichan explains to them that they aren't the one who sent it. Kalyani eventually believes him.
Kichan and the investigation officer, DYSP Robert Mathew, together catch the culprit - Raj Mohan, Indhu's and Kichan's college senior. They had a very good name in the college campus but was actually the one who called Indhu to their house convincing them that Kichan would arrive there to talk about their fight. They drug Indhu and rapes them When they wake up realising what happened, they tell them that they aren't home last night and Kichan was the one who raped them They believe this and goes to college to confront Kichan but their friend tells them that Kichan was with them in the hospital as their mother fell sick last night.
Indhu realised the truth, called Kichan to apologize and committed suicide.
As Kichan find out what happened, they fight Raj Mohan with the police officer's help. When they were about to kill him,Kichan's mother comes and asks them to leave them to the law for their sake. Kichan feels the presence of Indhu near them as the film ends.
Cast
Mukesh as DYSP Robert Mathew
Bala as Kichan
Navya Nair as Indhumathy (Indu)
Kottayam Nazeer as Chacko
Jagathy Sreekumar as Swami
Anoop Chandhran as Kichan's friend
Madhu Warrier
Kalyani as Kalyani
Augustine as Viswambaran
Salim Kumar as Sundaran
Althara
Ambika Mohan as Indhumathy's mother
Kulappulli Leela as Bhargavy Amma (Mental Patient)
Soundtrack
"Innalle Muttathu Kinnaaram" - Vineeth Sreenivasan, Binni Krishnakumar, Rakesh Brahmanandan, Vidhu Prathap
"Kadappurathoru (Duet)" - Madhu Balakrishnan, Manjari
"Marachonnu Pidikkan" - Madhu Balakrishnan, Manjari
"Ponathevide" - Ilayaraja
"Om Shaanthi [Shubha Niyogamalle]" - Bhavatharani
"Kadappurathoru (Female)" - Manjari
Reception
Thomas T of Nowrunning gave the film a rating of one-half out of five stars and opined that "SMS' is a film that has been made too carelessly, with no attention being paid to the script or the direction side".
References
http://entertainment.oneindia.in/malayalam/news/2007/surjulan-sms-020707.html
External links
SMS at Rotten Tomatoes
2008 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Mohawk Hill is a hamlet in the town of West Turin in Lewis County, New York, United States. It is located on New York State Route 26, southwest of the village of Constableville.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Lewis County, New York
Robert Henry Buck, universally known as Bob Buck, (2 July 1881 - 9 August 1960) was an Australian pastoralist and bushman who is best remembered as being one of the people to recover the body of Lewis Harold Bell Lasseter.
Early life
Buck was born on 2 July 1881 in Alberton in South Australia and they are the son of Robert and Sarah Ann Buck. Buck was primarily self-educated and, until 1905, worked in and around Wallaroo until they joined their uncle Joseph Breaden to work in the Northern Territory.
Life in the Northern Territory
Buck's uncle owned Todmorden, Henbury and Idracowra stations in the Northern Territory and their brother Allan, also Buck's uncle, managed Idracowra Station. Working between these stations Buck learned bushmanship and worked as a stockman and saddler.
In 1907 Buck overlanded 800 head of cattle from Brunette Downs Station to Henbury Station, a journey which due to severe drought took 10 months, where they became the manager. Around this period Buck partnered with Molly Tjalameinta, an Arrernte woman, and they had a daughter Ettie. Buck was well respected and fondly regarded by the Aboriginal people living nearby Henbury Station and it is said they treated them well and was generous with rations compared to their contemporaries.
During this period Buck frequently made lengthy visits to Hermannsburg, which was a Lutheran Mission being run by Carl Strehlow, as their daughter Ettie was living, alongside Elsie Butler, there with missionaries Emil and Clara Munchenburg so that they could receive private tuition. Both girls were childhood friends of Ted Strehlow and Buck gifted Strehlow with a donkey called "possum" that would soon become a favourite pet.
Buck always made their visits to Hermannsburg with Molly and many expected that the often puritanical Carl Strehlow would not approve of the pair as they were not legally married, however, they always welcomed them. Strehlow approved that Buck was faithful to Molly and looked after Ettie "like any other family man".
In 1927 Buck left Henbury, and their uncles, and, in partnership with their long-term friend Alf Butler (father of Elsie), leased Middleton Ponds Station which there two would manage together until 1939. During this period Buck was also contracted to assist explorer Donald Mackay complete aerial surveys of the Northern Territory and Western Australia by assisting on the ground and working with a team of Aboriginal men and camels; Buck and their team cleared aerodromes, left supplies, guided aeroplanes with smoke-signals and many other tasks.
In February 1931 Buck, alongside Johnson Breaden, Lion and Billy Button and several other men, were commissioned to search for Lewis Harold Bell Lasseter and they found and buried their body. They completed their 1000 miles journey on camel. There was suspicion at the time that Buck had not actually found the body and this brought Buck to national attention and was even travelled to Sydney to be interviewed by the media.
Later life
In 1939 the Buck and Butler dissolved their partnership and Buck began managing Renner's Rock Station until they retired to Alice Springs in 1953. In Alice Springs Buck became an 'identity' at the Stuart Arms Hotel and they became a notorious yarn-spinner who told many tall stories.
Buck died on 9 August 1960 and is buried at the Memorial Cemetery in Alice Springs.
Legacy
Buck Road in Ilparpa in Alice Springs and Lake Buck in the Tanami Desert are named for him.
Buck also donated a photograph collection to the Northern Territory Archives Service (Libraries and Archives NT) containing photographic negatives and prints of the Hermannsburg and Finke regions (NTRS 1248).
References
1881 births
1960 deaths
People from the Northern Territory by occupation
People from South Australia
Andrew, Duke of Slavonia (; 1268–1278) was the youngest son of King Stephen V of Hungary and their wife, Elizabeth the Cuman. Two rebellious lords kidnapped them in 1274 in an attempt to play them off against their brother, Ladislaus IV of Hungary, but the king's supporters liberated him. They were styled "Duke of Slavonia and Croatia" in a 1274 letter. Years after their death (in 1290 and in 1317), two adventurers claimed to be identical with Andrew, but both failed.
Family
Andrew was born in 1268. They were the second son (and youngest child) of Stephen V, the junior king of Hungary at the time of Andrew's birth. The senior king was Andrew's grandfather Béla IV. Andrew's mother was Stephen's wife, Elizabeth the Cuman.
Andrew's father, Stephen, became the sole King of Hungary in 1270, but died two years later. Stephen was succeeded by their elder son (Andrew's ten-year-old brother) Ladislaus IV. In theory, Ladislaus's ruled under the regency of their mother, Elizabeth, but in fact, competing parties of the most wealthy noble families, including the Csáks and Kőszegis, were fighting against each other for the control of government.
Duke of Slavonia
Henry Kőszegi, the Ban of Slavonia, and their ally, Joachim Gutkeled, the Master of the treasury, who had earlier held Ladislaus IV in captivity, kidnapped the six-year-old Andrew in July 1274, taking them to Slavonia in an attempt to play them off against their brother. However, Kőszegi's and Gutkeled's rival, Peter Csák, and their allies annihilated their united troops in late September and liberated Andrew.
In a letter dated to the end of 1274, Andrew is mentioned as "Duke of Slavonia and Croatia", but otherwise they were only referred to as "Duke Andrew". According to a scholarly theory, the former title was only used to emphasize that Andrew was the lawful heir to their 12-year-old elder brother at the time the letter, which referred to a planned marriage between Andrew and a relative of Rudolf I of Germany, was written. Andrew died at the age of ten between 6 April and 6 November 1278.
Two false Andrews
Andrew's childless brother, Ladislaus IV was murdered on 10 July 1290. Their distant relative, Andrew III, succeeded them and was crowned king on 23 July. However, an adventurer announced that they were identical with King Ladislaus's younger brother, claiming Hungary to themselves against Andrew III. Through showing their specific birthmark, the impostor even convinced Stephen V's sisterthe late Duke Andrew's auntKinga, wife of Bolesław V the Chaste, Duke of Cracow. The false Duke Andrew invaded Hungary from Poland, but King Andrew's commander, George Baksa routed their troop, forcing them to return to Poland before 18 November. The pretender was in short killed by their Hungarian retainers.
In 1317, a new adventurer declared themselves Duke Andrew, on this occasion in Majorca. They and their imprisonment was mentioned in the correspondence between Sancho, King of Majorca, and Robert, King of Naples who was the uncle of Charles I of Hungary. The second false Duke Andrew's further fate is unknown.
References
Sources
Dukes of Slavonia
House of Árpád
Hungarian princes
1268 births
1278 deaths
People of Cuman descent
Sons of kings
Royalty and nobility who died as children
The painting Adam and Eve (Original Sin) by Lucas Cranach the Elder (circa 1538) is part of the collections of old European art of the National Gallery Prague. It comes from the Cistercian monastery in Osek near Duchcov, from where it was acquired in 1949.
Description and classification
Oil painting on lime wood panel, dimensions 50 x 34,5 cm. Signed on the lower right on the tree trunk (winged snake with folded wings). It comes from the workshop of Lucas Cranach the Elder around 1538. Infrared reflectography of the image detected only the outline drawing.
The Prague painting shows the figures of Adam and Eve next to the Tree of Knowledge. Eve holds onto a branch with their left hand and leans on the trunk with the sole of their bent right foot. With their knee they touch Adam and with their right hand they hand them an apple. Adam stands somewhat in the background in front of a thick bush. Their left hand is resting on Eva's shoulder, and in their right hand they hold a twig that covers the private parts of both figures. In line with Reformation theology, the active role of Eve is emphasized, who tempts Adam to sin (everything bad is the fault of the woman - "Weibermacht"). The later version of Adam and Eve, created by the successor of Lucas Cranach the Elder, Anton Heusler, around 1550 (National Gallery Prague), changes the theme compositionally and depicts both characters completely naked.
The theme of Adam and Eve appears repeatedly in the work of Lucas Cranach the Elder from 1509. They depicted the two figures either separately on the altar wings (Adam and Eve, 1528, Uffizi Gallery, Florence) or together in a single panel. In Cranach's earlier depictions of the biblical story (1508-10, Besançon, 1510, Munich, 1512, Coburg), the two figures stand under the centrally placed Tree of Knowledge and do not touch. Later versions of Original Sin usually depict Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden surrounded by beasts and attribute to Eve the role of temptress. One later composition by Lucas Cranach shows an active Adam embracing Eve and offering them an apple (1537, Kunsthistorisches Museum Vienna).
Adam and Eve (Lucas Cranach), various versions
References
Sources
Kotková Olga, Cranach ze všech stran / from all sides, cat. 188 p., National Gallery in Prague 2016, ISBN 978-80-7035-618-0
Jan Royt, Gothic panel painting in Northwestern and Northern Bohemia, 1340-1550, pp. 204-206, Karolinum Prague 2015, ISBN 9788024631745
Kotková Olga, German and Austrian Painting of the 14th - 16th Century. National Gallery in Prague, pp. 34-35, Prague 2007, ISBN 978-80-7035-358-5
External links
Cranach digital archive, Adam and Eve, CDA ID / Inventory Number: CZ_NGP_DO5380
1538 paintings
Paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder
Paintings depicting Adam and Eve
Paintings in the collection of the National Gallery Prague
Planctosphaera pelagica is a hemichordate and the only known representative of the class Planctosphaeroidea.
The species is known only by its free swimming larvae. The larvae are tornaria larvae similar to those of the closely related Enteropneusta, which possess a ciliated band to capture food particles. Planctosphaera pelagica is unique in possessing mucus secreting glands around the ciliated band. Possible uses of the mucus glands include assisting in feeding or deterring predators and parasites. Planctosphaera pelagica larvae are also larger than enteropneust larvae. It is due to the mucus glands and size difference they are usually given their own class.
References
Animal genera
Monotypic animal genera
The 1932 Washington Senators won 93 games, lost 61, and finished in third place in the American League. They were managed by Walter Johnson and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
The 1932 Washington Senators were the last team in the 20th century to have 100 triples in one season.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
References
External links
1932 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1932 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Wash
Şatırhüyük is a town in Nurdağı district of Gaziantep Province, Turkey. It is situated at the point where western the slopes of the Sofdağ Mountains meet the plains. The coordinates of the town are . Distance to Nurdağ (to the west) is and to Gaziantep (to the southeast) is . The population of the town was 2825 as of 2020. The name of the town means merry tumulus referring to a tumulus in the center of the town . This history of this tumulus may be related to various ruins in Sakçagözü, another town to south. Şatırhöyük is one of the wealthier towns of Gaziantep Province. The land is fertile and many crops including cereal and grapes are produced.
Also large population of the town lives in United Kingdom
References
Populated places in Gaziantep Province
Towns in Turkey
Nurdağı District
Shesh Debanlu (, also Romanized as Shesh Debānlū; also known as Shesh) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 523, in 128 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
WSHU-FM (91.1 FM) is a NPR-affiliated radio station operated by Sacred Heart University. Licensed to Fairfield, Connecticut, it serves the Connecticut and Long Island area with news and classical music programming. Programs produced at WSHU and distributed nationally include Sunday Baroque.
Translators
See also
WSHU (AM) — 1260 AM, licensed to Westport, Connecticut
WSUF — 89.9 FM, licensed to Noyack, New York
References
External links
SHU-FM
WSHU-FM
Mass media in Fairfield County, Connecticut
Sacred Heart University
SHU-FM
Radio stations established in 1965
1965 establishments in Connecticut
The girls' singles luge at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics took place on 16 January at the Olympic Sliding Centre Innsbruck.
Results
The first run was held at 14:00 and the second run at 15:35.
References
Girls' singles
Hemeiuș is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Fântânele, Hemeiuș, and Lilieci.
Princess Sophie of Albania died in Fântânele village in 1936.
Natives
Walter Adolph
Ion Th. Simionescu
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
A statue of Heliodoro Hernández Loza is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Events in the year 1905 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
5 October – The Old High School of Music in Ruse was inaugurated.
References
1900s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Since Arizona's admission to the Union in February 1912, it has participated in 28 United States presidential elections. In the 1912 presidential election, the incumbent president William Howard Taft finished fourth in Arizona, receiving just 12.75% of the popular vote. In the 1936 presidential election, the Democratic Party's candidate Franklin D. Roosevelt won Arizona, defeating the Republican Party's candidate Alf Landon by 42.92%, which remains the largest margin of victory in the state's history. Ross Perot, the independent candidate in the 1992 presidential election, received the highest vote share (23.79%) ever won by a third party candidate in Arizona.
Joe Biden, the Democratic Party's candidate in the 2020 presidential election, won Arizona, defeating the incumbent president Donald Trump by a close margin of 0.3%. During the 2021 joint session of the Congress for ascertaining the electoral votes, 69 members objected to the certification of electoral votes of Arizona, asserting that "they were not, under all of the known circumstances, regularly given". The objection failed by a vote of 6–93 in the Senate and 121–303 in the House of Representatives. However, Trump's campaign has launched various post-election lawsuits challenging the results.
Since the 1952 presidential election, Arizona has been considered a stronghold state for the Republican Party, as it won Arizona in all elections since except 1996 and 2020. However, recent political realignment has led some to consider Arizona as a swing state.
Presidential elections
Graph
See also
Elections in Arizona
List of the United States presidential election results by state
Notes
References
Works cited
The Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla y León, better known as the MUSAC, is a contemporary art museum in the city of León, Spain.
Inaugurated in April 2005 by Felipe, Prince of Asturias, this cultural institution aims to be a "Museum of the Present", in the words of its curator Agustín Pérez Rubio, and thus only collects artworks from the latest generation of artists, between 1992 and 2012. The museum has won international prestige for its 21st-century collection and innovative programming, being labelled, for example, as "one of the most astonishingly bold museums to hit the Spanish cultural landscape in years" by The New York Times.
The MUSAC building is celebrated for its avant-garde architecture, and it has been awarded a number of prizes, such as the 2007 European Union Prize for Contemporary Architecture (Mies van der Rohe award). Designed by the architectural studio of Luis M. Mansilla and Emilio Tuñón (Mansilla+Tuñón Arquitectos), the multicolored panels that adorn the exterior of the museum resemble the stained-glass windows of a cathedral. The architects drew their inspiration for this work from the main rose window (called The Falconer) at the local 13th century Gothic cathedral, Santa María de León.
MUSAC has become a landmark for the city of León, and an emblem of the new 21st century Spanish architecture, as showcased in a 2006 exhibition at the MoMA of New York City (On-Site: New Architecture in Spain), which selected the MUSAC as one of the arquitectural projects that make Spain today "an international center for design innovation and excellence".
Gallery
References
External links
Official Website
At a New Museum in Spain, a Contemporary Inspiration Drawn From Stained Glass
Architectural analysis of MUSAC by Want Magazine
Castile
Museums in Castile and León
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla y León
Art museums established in 2005
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla y León
Klemen Klemen is a Slovenian rap music artist. They started rapping when they were 13, first in English. In 2000 they were signed by Nika Records, and released the rap album - Trnow Stajl. In 2003, they released their second album called Hipnoza (Hypnosis). In 2015 they released their third album S3p.
References
1975 births
Slovenian rappers
Living people
Musicians from Ljubljana
This article is about the particular significance of the year 1812 to Wales and its people.
Incumbents
Lord Lieutenant of Anglesey – Henry Paget, Earl of Uxbridge (until 13 March); Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey (from 28 April)
Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire and Monmouthshire – Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort
Lord Lieutenant of Caernarvonshire – Thomas Bulkeley, 7th Viscount Bulkeley
Lord Lieutenant of Cardiganshire – Thomas Johnes
Lord Lieutenant of Carmarthenshire – George Rice, 3rd Baron Dynevor
Lord Lieutenant of Denbighshire – Sir Watkin Williams-Wynn, 5th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Flintshire – Robert Grosvenor, 1st Marquess of Westminster
Lord Lieutenant of Glamorgan – John Stuart, 1st Marquess of Bute
Lord Lieutenant of Merionethshire - Sir Watkin Williams-Wynn, 5th Baronet
Lord Lieutenant of Montgomeryshire – Edward Clive, 1st Earl of Powis
Lord Lieutenant of Pembrokeshire – Richard Philipps, 1st Baron Milford
Lord Lieutenant of Radnorshire – George Rodney, 3rd Baron Rodney
Bishop of Bangor – Henry Majendie
Bishop of Llandaff – Richard Watson
Bishop of St Asaph – William Cleaver
Bishop of St Davids – Thomas Burgess
Events
20 June - Creation of The Kidwelly and Llanelli Canal and Tramroad Company.
Summer - Percy Bysshe Shelley stays at Nantgwyllt in the Elan Valley with their wife Harriet.
September - Rioting occurs at Nefyn over enclosures.
17 September - The celebration of the completion of the embankment, later known as the 'Cob' in Porthmadog
30 December - A brig, the Fortune, is wrecked on The Smalls, Pembrokeshire, with the loss of 10 or 11 lives.
1 October - Balloonist James Sadler flies over the north Wales coastline in an unsuccessful attempt to cross the Irish Sea.
Opening of:
Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal between Newport and Brecon.
Aberdare branch of Glamorganshire Canal.
Arts and literature
New books
English language
Felicia Hemans - The Domestic Affections and Other Poems
Benjamin Millingchamp - A Sermon preached at St. Peter's Church, Carmarthen, on Thursday, July 4, 1811
The New Flora Britannica (with illustrations by Sydenham Teak Edwards)
Welsh language
Lewis Hopkin - Y Fêl Gafod
Hugh Jones - Arwyrain Amaethyddiaeth
Music
Owen Dafydd - Ballad of the Brynmorgan Explosion
Births
6 January - Catherine Glynne, future wife of William Ewart Gladstone (d. 1900)
3 February - Robert Elis (Cynddelw), poet and lexicographer (d. 1875)
3 April - Henry Richard, pacifist politician (d. 1888)
19 May - Lady Charlotte Guest, translator and philanthropist (d. 1895)
Deaths
15 January - Theophilus Jones, historian, 52
13 March - Henry Bayly Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge, Lord Lieutenant of Anglesey, 77
May - Thomas Owen, clergyman and translator, 62
27 November (bur.) - Jane Cave, poet, c. 58
References
Wales
Eisenheim is a market town and municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It lies on the river Main.
Notable people
Karl Friedrich Cerf, German theatre manager
See also
List of Franconian wine towns
References
External links
Würzburg (district)
2nd Wind is the thirteenth album by American musician Todd Rundgren, released in 1991 on Warner Bros. Records. It reached number 118 on the Billboard 200 album chart. 2nd Wind includes the single "Change Myself" and was Rundgren's final album on a major label until 2004's Liars.
Background
As with its predecessor, Nearly Human, Rundgren chose to record the album with a full band, as opposed to playing all of the instruments himself. The album was recorded live in front of an audience at the Palace of Fine Arts in San Francisco, California, over the course of a week.
The album includes three songs ("The Smell of Money", "If I Have to Be Alone" and "Love in Disguise") written for Rundgren's musical version of the Joe Orton play/screenplay Up Against It. "Gaya's Eyes" continues the new, more mature sound introduced on the preceding album Nearly Human.
Rundgren used the video for the album's only single, "Change Myself," as a showcase for the NewTek Video Toaster, a desktop video card for the Commodore Amiga computer.
Releases
Promotional DJ issues of the CD have a black, gold and blue swirl on the CD label where the stock releases have a blue and yellow swirl. There was also a vinyl release of the album in Europe which is nearly impossible to find.
After being out of print for several years, Friday Music released a remastered version in October 2008, the first release in what the company called the "Todd Rundgren Remaster Series", although the follow up remastered release of Nearly Human didn't arrive until 2021.
In 2002, Image Entertainment released a DVD entitled The 2nd Wind Recording Sessions, which detailed the making of the album, and featured interviews with Rundgren as well as band members and fans. Also included with the video was The Desktop Collection, a compilation of Rundgren's Video Toaster-powered music videos, including "Change Myself."
Track listing
All songs written by Todd Rundgren.
Personnel
Todd Rundgren – vocals
Roger Powell – keyboards and vocals
Vince Welnick – keyboards and vocals
Ross Valory – bass
Lyle Workman – guitar
Prairie Prince – drums
Max Haskett – brass and vocals
Bobby Strickland – reeds, winds and vocals
Scott Mathews – percussion, guitar, samples and vocals
Shandi Sinnamon – vocals
Michele Gray – vocals
Jenni Muldaur – vocals
References
1991 albums
Todd Rundgren albums
Warner Records albums
Jenny Strauss Clay is the William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of Classics at the University of Virginia. After completing studies at Reed College and the University of Chicago, Strauss Clay completed their doctorate at the University of Washington. They taught at the University of California at Irvine and Johns Hopkins University.  They are currently a member of the Nominating Committee of the Society for Classical Studies (formerly the American Philological Association), until 2018.
Family
Strauss Clay is the daughter of Eliezer Paul Kraus and Bettina Strauss, adopted by their uncle Leo Strauss.
Selected publications
The Politics of Olympus: Form and Meaning in the Major Homeric Hymns. (1989);
Mega Nepios: Il destinatorio nell'epos didascalico. The addressee in Didactic Epic. Co-edited by Alessandro Schiesaro and P. Mitsis. (1993)
The wrath of Athena: gods and men in the Odyssey. (1997);
Hesiod's Cosmos. (2003);
Homer's Trojan theater: space, vision, and memory in the Iliad. (2011);
Panhellenes at Methone: graphê in Late Geometric and Protoarchaic Methone. Trends in classics – Supplementary Volumes, 44. Co-editor with Irad Malkin and Yannis Z. Tzifopoulos. (2017);
References
Eugene R. Sheppard, Leo Strauss and the Politics of Exile (Brandeis Univ. Pr., 2006), 82
External links
Strauss Clay's Academia Site
Living people
American classical scholars
Women classical scholars
Scholars of ancient Greek history
American women historians
Scholars of ancient Greek literature
Scholars of Ancient Greek
University of Virginia people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of California, Irvine faculty
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Jewish American historians
21st-century American Jews
21st-century American women
Down on the Farm is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Jed Prouty, Spring Byington and Louise Fazenda. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series. The family go to stay at their aunt's farm.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Bernard Herzbrun and Boris Leven.
Cast
Jed Prouty as John Jones
Spring Byington as Mrs. John Jones
Louise Fazenda as Aunt Ida
Russell Gleason as Herbert Thompson
Kenneth Howell as Jack Jones
George Ernest as Roger Jones
June Carlson as Lucy Jones
Florence Roberts as Granny Jones
Billy Mahan as Bobby Jones
Eddie Collins as Cyrus Sampson
Dorris Bowdon as Tessie Moody
Roberta Smith as Emma Moody
Marvin Stephens as Tommy McGuire
William Haade as Hefferkamp
John T. Murray as Marvin
William Irving as Coleman
Ernie Adams as Pony Concessioner
Sidney Blackmer as Political Boss
Dick Elliott as Slicker
Harrison Greene as Committeeman
Donald Haines as Boy in Drug Store
Si Jenks as Slim
Fred Kelsey as Bit Role
Alexander Leftwich as Committeeman
Wilfred Lucas as Wheeler
Francis Sayles as Member of Chamber of Commerce
Syd Saylor as Painter
John Sheehan as Fire Chief
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1938 films
1938 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Malcolm St. Clair
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Señorita República Dominicana 1984 was held on July 18, 1983. There were 18 candidates who competed for the national crown. The winner represented the Dominican Republic at the Miss Universe 1984 . The Señorita República Dominicana Mundo entered Miss World 1984. The Señorita República Dominicana Café entered Reinado Internacional del Café 1984. Only the 27 province, 1 municipality entered. On the top 10 they showed their evening gown and answered questions so they could go to the top 5. In the top 5 they would answer more questions.
Results
Delegates
Azua - Dinorah Fuentes
Dajabón - Teresa Espaillat
Distrito Nacional - Delfina Taveras
Distrito Nacional - Luz del Pilar Marte
Distrito Nacional - María Altagracia Tavarez Aristy
Distrito Nacional - Mary Angeles
Distrito Nacional - Sagris Zapete
Independencia - Ana del Rosario
La Vega - Rosanna Álvarez
Peravia - Amarilys Álvarez
Puerto Plata - Sumaya Alejandrina Heinsen Pérez
San Cristóbal - Marisol Carol Serret Cornielle
San Pedro de Macorís - Ana Carina Bencosme
Santiago - María del Carmen Caba
Santiago - Ninoska Rivas
Santiago Rodríguez - Cristina de Lara
Monsenor Nouel - Mayelinne Ynes De Lara Almanzar
Valverde - Casandra Valdez Rodríguez
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090211102742/http://ogm.elcaribe.com.do/ogm/consulta.aspx
Miss Dominican Republic
1984 beauty pageants
1984 in the Dominican Republic
State Route 164 (SR-164) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. Spanning , it connects State Route 198 (Main Street) with Interstate 15 south of Spanish Fork in Utah County.
Route description
State Route 164 begins at exit 253 of Interstate 15 just south of Spanish Fork. The route travels east along 8000 South for about before becoming Arrowhead Trail road and turning to the northeast for another and ending at SR-198.
History
In 1962, the Utah State Legislature designated State Route 164 (along with State Route 75 and State Route 156 as a state highway in order to "provide adequate connections to Interstate Route 15 between Provo and Springville, and also in the vicinity of Spanish Fork". The route has remained unchanged since then, save for minor rewording in the description to accommodate the renumbering of SR-198 at its eastern terminus.
Major intersections
References
164
164
Spanish Fork, Utah
Trevis JeMar Simpson (born September 5, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for Promitheas Patras of the Greek Basket League and the EuroCup. They played college basketball for the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.
High school career
Simpson attended Coffee High School in Douglas, Georgia where they were rated a top 100 recruit. As a junior in 2008–09, they averaged 16 points per game. They graduated from Coffee in 2010 and left as a three-time all-region selection.
College career
As a first-year student at UNC Greensboro in 2010–11, Simpson was named to the Southern Conference All-Freshman team by both the coaches and media. They were the Spartans' second-leading scorer and played in 27 games with nine starts. Various injuries and illness led to Simpson missing time during the season. They finished with averages of 11.8 points and 3.6 rebounds in 23.0 minutes per game.
As a sophomore in 2011–12, Simpson was named first-team All-Southern Conference by the media, All-SoCon by the coaches, and second-team All-State by the NCCSIA, as well as first-team All-District 22 by the NABC. They led the team and the SoCon in scoring at 18.3 points per game, becoming the first Spartan all-time to lead the conference in scoring. They started all 30 games they played and also averaged 4.2 rebounds in 27.8 minutes per game.
As a junior in 2012–13, Simpson played in 29 of 31 games, including 26 starts. They were named first-team All-Southern Conference by both the league's coaches and media members, and led the Southern Conference in scoring for the second straight season, averaging 18.7 points per game. They became the first player in the SoCon since Stephen Curry to lead the league in scoring in consecutive seasons. Over three seasons with the Spartans, they scored 1,407 points to rank seventh on the school's all-time scoring list. Simpson also averaged 4.2 rebounds and 1.4 assists in 29.6 minutes per game.
On March 27, 2013, Simpson announced their decision to forgo their senior season to pursue a professional basketball career.
Professional career
On August 18, 2013, Simpson signed with Kolossos Rodou of Greece for the 2013–14 season. In 23 games for the club, they averaged 6.5 points and 2.5 rebounds per game.
On August 30, 2014, Simpson signed with Rethymno Aegean for the 2014–15 season. In 21 games for the club, they averaged 10.2 points and 3.7 rebounds per game.
In September 2015, Simpson signed with Kataja Basket of Finland for the 2015–16 season. In 39 games for the club, they averaged 18.5 points, 3.8 rebounds and 2.5 assists per game.
In July 2016, Simpson signed a contract on a one-year deal with Hyères Toulon Var Basket in France.
They joined Alba Fehérvár in 2017 and averaged 14.6 points, 3.9 rebounds and 3 assists per game. On July 5, 2018, Simpson signed with the Italian club Apu Gsa Udine.
On July 14, 2020, they signed with Gaziantep Basketbol of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL). Simpson averaged 12.3 points and 1.6 assists per game.
On July 14, 2021, they signed with Brose Bamberg of the Basketball Bundesliga. In 8 games, they averaged 10 points, 1.8 rebounds and 0.8 assists per contest.
On December 30, 2021, Simpson officially returned to Greece, signing with EuroCup side Promitheas Patras for the rest of the season. In 23 league games, they averaged 10.7 points, 3.9 rebounds, 1.8 assists and 1 steal, playing around 29 minutes per contest. On June 29, 2022, Simpson renewed their contract with the Greek club.
References
External links
eurobasket.com profile
Finnish League profile
UNC Greensboro Spartans bio
1991 births
Living people
Alba Fehérvár players
American expatriate basketball people in Finland
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Georgia (U.S. state)
Blackwater Bossing players
Brose Bamberg players
Gaziantep Basketbol players
HTV Basket players
Kataja BC players
Kolossos Rodou B.C. players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Promitheas Patras B.C. players
Rethymno B.C. players
SC Rasta Vechta players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
UNC Greensboro Spartans men's basketball players
Tracy Reed is the name of:
Tracy Reed (English actor) (1942–2012), actor from London
Tracy Reed (American actor) (born 1949), actor from Fort Benning, Georgia
Tracy Reed (writer), internet writer
See also
Reed (name)
Darreh Tang (; also known as Dartang) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Korotkov (masculine, ) or Korotkova (feminine, ) is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrey Korotkov (born 1954), first Deputy Communications and Information Minister in Russia
Aleksandr Korotkov (1909-1961), Soviet spy
Egor Korotkov (born 1986), Russian freestyle skier
Ilya Korotkov (born 1983), Russian javelin thrower
Konstantin Korotkov, Russian scientist who developed technology for a form of Kirlian photography known as Gas Discharge Visualization (GDV)
Leonid Korotkov (born 1965), governor of Amur Oblast in Siberia, Russia
Maria Zemskova-Korotkova, Russian rowing coxswain
Nikolai Korotkov (1874–1920), Russian surgeon
Nikolai Korotkov (footballer) (1893–1954), Russian football player
Olesya Korotkova (born 1983), Russian female discus thrower
Kira Muratova (née Korotkova) (1934-2018), Soviet and Ukrainian film director
Russian-language surnames
Haicheng () is a town in and the county seat of Haiyuan County, in the southwest of Ningxia, China. , it has eight villages under its administration.
References
Haiyuan County
Township-level divisions of Ningxia
Flensburg station is the main station of the city of Flensburg in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. Lines run from it to Kiel, to Hamburg via Schleswig and Neumünster and to Fredericia in Denmark. Between December 2007 and December 2015, Flensburg was connected to Deutsche Bahn's Intercity-Express network. The station also handles cross-border rail traffic between Germany and Denmark.
History
On 1 April 1854 the Flensburg–Tönning line was opened by the British entrepreneur, Sir Samuel Morton Peto to a station outside the city at Holzkrug. On 4 October, its station in the city was opened, which became known as the English Station (Englischer Bahnhof). This station was at the south end of Flensburg Fjord in the Flensburg old town and was formally handed over for operations on 25 October by the Danish king, Frederik VII.
Ten years later, in 1864, the line was extended to Vojens in North Schleswig (now in Denmark) and soon after to Fredericia. In 1869, the current, shorter route to Hamburg via Schleswig and Rendsburg was put into operation.
In 1883 the original, simple station building was replaced by a more complex design of Johannes Otzen, a famous church architect. The original station was subsequently converted into Germany's first bus station. On 1 February 1927, the present station was inaugurated outside Flensburg's old town, on the North Schleswig Loop, which avoids the old Flensburg terminal station. Trains to and from Denmark run over a loop, which is several kilometres long, to reach the station. The station in the town built in 1883 became a freight yard and was later closed.
Passenger services were closed on the line to Husum via Löwenstedt in 1959. In 1981, the last service ran on the line to Niebüll.
Operations
Station facilities
The Flensburg station is a particularly impressive collection of brick expressionism of the 1920s and some of its outbuildings are partially protected as monuments.
Routes
Neumünster–Flensburg railway
Kiel–Flensburg railway
Flensburg–Fredericia railway
Flensburg–Niebüll railway (until 1981)
Flensburg–Husum railway (until 1959)
Flensburg Port Railway (only freight)
Tracks
The station has several tracks, but only four of them have access to a platform. The tracks were electrified in 1996 and the track were renumbered, with track 5 near the reception building and track 1, the furthest away from the main station building, unusually in Germany.
In normal usage platforms are used as follows:
platform track 5: regional trains to and from Neumünster
platform track 4: regional trains to and from Kiel
platform track 2: long distance and regional trains to and from Neumünster/Hamburg as well as to Denmark
platform track 1: long distance and regional trains to and from Neumünster/Hamburg as well as to Denmark
Rail services
In long-distance transport, a Eurocity service runs from Aalborg to Hamburg via Flensburg. These operate as Intercity services in Germany. In addition, an Intercity train pair provides direct connections on the weekend from Flensburg to Munich and Cologne.
DB Regionalbahn Schleswig Holstein operates Regional-Express and Regionalbahn services between Neumünster and Flensburg every hour or two hours.
The Flensburg–Kiel route is currently also operated by DB Regionalbahn Schleswig Holstein every hour (as of 2016).
Notes
References
External links
Railway stations in Schleswig-Holstein
Station
Railway stations in Germany opened in 1927
Fangavaktin () is the sequel to the Icelandic television series Dagvaktin and the final series in the trilogy. The three main characters from Næturvaktin, Georg Bjarnfreðarson (Jón Gnarr), Ólafur Ragnar (Pétur Jóhann Sigfússon) and Daníel (Jörundur Ragnarsson), have become imprisoned in the infamous Litla-Hraun prison following the murder of the hotel owner in Dagvaktin. The story is continued, and brought to a conclusion, in the feature film Bjarnfreðarson.
The first episode was broadcast on Stöð 2 on Sunday, 27 September 2009, and an episode was broadcast each following Sunday until the final seventh episode aired on 8 November 2009. The series has been released on DVD.
Cast
Jón Gnarr as Georg Bjarnfreðarson
Pétur Jóhann Sigfússon as Ólafur Ragnar
Jörundur Ragnarsson as Daníel
Björn Thors as Kenneth Máni
Ólafur Darri Ólafsson
Ingvar Sigurðsson as Viggó
See also
Næturvaktin
Dagvaktin
Bjarnfreðarson
External links
Icelandic comedy television series
Icelandic-language television shows
2009 Icelandic television series debuts
2000s Icelandic television series
James Ahern (17 October 1922 – 19 August 1988) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-back for the Cork senior team.
Ahern made their first appearance for the team during the 1943 championship and was a regular member of the starting fifteen over much of the next decade. During that time they won one All-Ireland medal and two Munster medals.
At club level Ahern was a multiple county championship medalist with Clonakilty. Ahern died in August 1988 at the age of 65.
References
1922 births
1988 deaths
Clonakilty Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Radical 53 or radical dotted cliff () meaning "house on cliff" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 15 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 46th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China. In addition, this character is also the simplified form of guǎng, hence called / guǎngzìtóu chiefly by Simplified Chinese users.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5E7F
053
046
Seremban is a federal constituency in Seremban District, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1955 to 1959 and 1974 to present.
The federal constituency was created in the 1955 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system. This is the most state constituency in Malaysia with six electors.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Seremban constituency is divided into 41 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Negeri Sembilan federal constituencies
How To Eat To Live is a series of two books published by Nation of Islam leader Elijah Muhammad in the 1960s, which are still in print. () The books cover their philosophies on healthy eating and the Black Muslims' prescribed diet.
Health and wellness books
Nation of Islam
Books about food and drink
Frank J. Murray (February 12, 1885 – September 12, 1951) was an American football and basketball coach. They served as the head football coach at Marquette University from 1922 to 1936 and again from 1946 to 1949, and at the University of Virginia from 1937 to 1945, compiling a career college football record of 145–89–1. Murray was also the head basketball coach at Marquette from 1920 to 1929, tallying a mark of 94–73. Murray was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983.
Coaching career
Marquette
Murray was the 13th head football coach at Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They held that position for nineteen seasons, from 1922 until 1936, and then returned for four more, from 1946 until 1949. Their coaching record at Marquette was 104–55–6, ranking them first in school history in wins and eighth in winning percentage (.648). In 1937, they took led Marquette to the Cotton Bowl Classic.
Murray was also basketball coach at Marquette for nine seasons (1920–1929) and compiled a record of 94–73 (.563). Their best team was the 1922–23 squad, which posted a 19–2 record.
Virginia
Murray later served as the head football coach at the University of Virginia from 1937 to 1945. They compiled a 41–34–5 (.544) record during their tenure. Their best season came in 1941, when their Cavaliers went 8–1.
Head coaching record
Football
See also
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure
References
External links
1885 births
1951 deaths
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Basketball coaches from Massachusetts
Marquette Golden Avalanche football coaches
Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball coaches
Virginia Cavaliers football coaches
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Tufts University alumni
People from Maynard, Massachusetts
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Mërgim Berisha (born 11 May 1998) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for club Augsburg, on loan from Fenerbahçe.
Club career
Liefering
On 7 November 2014, Berisha made their debut as a professional footballer against Mattersburg after coming on as a substitute at 73rd minute in place of Daniel Ripić and just 50 seconds after their substitution scored their side's third goal during a 3–1 home win.
Red Bull Salzburg
On 28 December 2016, Berisha signed their first professional contract with Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg after agreeing to a four-year deal. On 3 April 2017, they made their debut in a 0–5 away win against SC Rheindorf Altach after coming on as a substitute at 77th minute in place of Wanderson. Berisha helped their team winning the 2016–17 UEFA Youth League by being one of the top scorers in the tournament, scoring seven goals in total.
Loan at LASK
On 21 August 2017, Berisha joined Austrian Bundesliga side LASK, on a season-long loan. Five days later, they made their debut in a 1–0 away defeat against Rapid Wien after being named in the starting line-up.
Loan at 1. FC Magdeburg
On 19 June 2018, Berisha joined 2. Bundesliga side 1. FC Magdeburg, on a season-long loan. Two months later, they made their debut with 1. FC Magdeburg in the 2018–19 DFB-Pokal first round against Darmstadt 98 after coming on as a substitute at 81st minute in place of Tobias Müller.
Loan at SC Rheindorf Altach
On 10 January 2019, Berisha joined Austrian Bundesliga side SC Rheindorf Altach, on a -season loan. On 23 February 2019, they made their debut in a 0–0 away draw against Wolfsberger AC after being named in the starting line-up.
Return to Red Bull Salzburg
2019–20 season
On 6 January 2020, Berisha returned to Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg. On 14 February 2020, they played the first game after the return in a 2–3 home defeat against former club LASK after coming on as a substitute in the 59th minute in place of Patrick Farkas.
2020–21 season
On 13 September 2020, Berisha commenced their season with the club by winning in the opening match of 2020–21 season against Wolfsberger AC after being named in the starting line-up.
On 3 November, Berisha scored their first UEFA Champions League goal in a 2–6 defeat against German side Bayern Munich in the 2020–21 season, they also scored in the away tie in Munich as Salzburg lost 3–1. On 1 December, Berisha scored two goals against Russian side Lokomotiv Moscow, which allowed Red Bull Salzburg win the match in Moscow 3–1, to secure third place in the group and reach the 2020–21 UEFA Europa League knockout phase.
On 1 May 2021, Berisha scored Salzburg's opening goal in an eventual 3–0 defeat of their former club LASK in the final of the Austrian Cup, securing the club's third straight domestic cup title.
Fenerbahçe
On 2 September 2021, Berisha signed a four-year contract with Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe and received squad number 11.
Loan at Augsburg
On 31 August 2022, Berisha joined Augsburg on loan with an option to buy.
International career
On 7 October 2019, Berisha received a call-up from Germany U21 for the friendly match against Spain U21 and 2021 UEFA European Under-21 Championship qualification match against Bosnia and Herzegovina U21. Three days later, they made their debut with Germany U21 in a friendly match against Spain U21 after coming on as a substitute at 46th minute in place of Janni Serra.
Personal life
Berisha was born in Berchtesgaden, Germany, to Albanian parents from Suva Reka.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Red Bull Salzburg Youth
UEFA Youth League: 2016–17
Red Bull Salzburg
Austrian Bundesliga: 2016–17, 2019–20, 2020–21
Austrian Cup: 2016–17, 2019–20, 2020–21
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Berchtesgaden
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
Footballers from Bavaria
German footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
German people of Kosovan descent
German people of Albanian descent
Association football forwards
FC Liefering players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
LASK players
SC Rheindorf Altach players
1. FC Magdeburg players
FC Augsburg players
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
2. Liga (Austria) players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
German expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
German expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
German expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
The list of parties to the Partial Test Ban Treaty encompasses the states who have signed and ratified or acceded to the international agreement prohibiting all test detonations of nuclear weapons except underground.
On August 5, 1963, the Partial Test Ban Treaty (PTBT) was opened for signature. The principal state authors (the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States) signed the treaty that day. The PTBT came into force and closed for signature on October 10, 1963 with the ratification by the three principal states. Since then, states that did not sign the treaty can now only accede or succeed to it.
As of October 2018, 125 UN member states have ratified or acceded to the treaty, most recently Montenegro on 3 June 2006. In addition, the Republic of China (Taiwan), which is currently only recognized by , ratified the treaty prior to the United Nations General Assembly's vote to transfer China's seat to the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1971. A further 10 states have signed but not ratified the treaty. The instrument of ratification, accession, or succession is deposited at the respective capitals of the principal states of the treaty: Moscow, London, and Washington, D.C.
Ratified or acceded states
Multiple dates indicate the different days in which states submitted their signature or deposition, which varied by location. This location is noted by: (L) for London, (M) for Moscow, and (W) for Washington.
Notes
Partially recognized state abiding by treaty
The Republic of China (Taiwan), which is currently only recognized by , ratified the treaty prior to the United Nations General Assembly's vote to transfer China's seat to the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1971. The ROC has committed itself to continue to adhere to the requirements of the treaty, and the United States has declared that they still consider them to be "bound by its obligations".
Signatory states
The following ten states have signed but not ratified the treaty.
Non-signatory states
The remaining UN member states and UN observer states, which have not signed the treaty, are:
See also
List of parties to the Biological Weapons Convention
List of parties to the Chemical Weapons Convention
List of parties to the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons
List of parties to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty
List of parties to the Ottawa Treaty
List of parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons
List of parties to the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons
References
External links
Limited Test Ban Treaty at the U.S. Department of State
Arms control treaties
Cold War treaties
Nuclear weapons policy
Lists of parties to treaties
ITV Select was a pay-per-view channel that was owned by Carlton Communications and Granada plc. The channel launched on 1 May 2000 as ONrequest and showed films, sport events and exclusive footage. As of July 2000 content was provided under a contract by Universal and Paramount studios. The service was rebranded ITV Select in 2001 and closed on 23 April 2002, shortly before the collapse of ITV Digital.
References
See also
ITV Digital
Defunct British television channels
ITV (TV network)
Pay-per-view television channels in the United Kingdom
Movie channels in the United Kingdom
Sports television in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 2000
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2002
Jeet Jayenge Hum is an Indian television drama series airs on Sony Entertainment Television, which premiered on 14 December 2009. The series focuses on the concept of child labor, and is produced by joint venture of Aniruddh Pathak and Sanjay Kohli.
Cast
Sana Amin Sheikh ... Suman
Naman Shaw ... Prabhakar
Pawan Shankar ... Manas Thakur IPS (SP City)
Ayesha Kaduskar ... Radha
Stuti Rushi ... Chutki
Namit Shah ... Shankar
Anjali Rana ... Prabhakar's Sister
Akhilendra Mishra ... Yadav
Kamya Panjabi ... Devyani
Nawazuddin Siddiqui ... Madhav (Dead)
Nupur Alankar ... Damyanti (Dead)
Mehul Kajaria ... Mannu
Shweta Ghosh ...
References
External links
Jeet Jayenge Hum Official Site on Sony TV India
Indian television series
Sony Entertainment Television original programming
Indian television soap operas
2009 Indian television series debuts
2010 Indian television series endings
Samuel Richard Coffman (December 18, 1906 – March 24, 1972) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher with the Washington Senators, St. Louis Browns, New York Giants, Boston Bees and Philadelphia Phillies between 1927 and 1945. Coffman batted and threw right-handed. They were born in Veto, Alabama. Coffman's brother, Slick, also pitched in the major leagues.
Career
In a 15-season career, Coffman posted a 72–95 record with a 4.65 ERA and 38 saves in 472 appearances (132 as a starter). In 1938, they led the National League in appearances (51), saves (12) and games finished (35). Their only ejection in Major League Baseball (MLB) came on August 15, 1934, when they were ejected by homeplate umpire Harry Geisel for arguing balls and strikes.
Death
Coffman died in Athens, Alabama, at the age of 65.
See also
List of Major League Baseball annual saves leaders
References
Sources
Baseball Library
1906 births
1972 deaths
People from Athens, Alabama
Boston Braves players
New York Giants (NL) players
Philadelphia Phillies players
St. Louis Browns players
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Alabama
Minor league baseball managers
Quincy Red Birds players
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Birmingham Barons players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Milwaukee Brewers (minor league) players
New Orleans Pelicans (baseball) players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
Knoxville Smokies players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Rich Lake is an unincorporated community in northern Alberta, Canada within Lac La Biche County. It is north of Highway 55, approximately west of Cold Lake.
References
Localities in Lac La Biche County
George Nicholas may refer to:
George Nicholas (politician), American lawyer, planter and politician
George Nicholas (footballer), English footballer
George Nicholas (animator), American animator
Big Nick Nicholas (George Walker Nicholas), American jazz saxophonist and singer
See also
Nicholas George, English cricketer
Bagh Jahan (, also Romanized as Bāgh Jahān; also known as Bāgh Jān) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 281, in 74 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Idleyld Park is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, Oregon, United States. Idleyld Park is located along Oregon Route 138 northeast of Glide. Idleyld Park has a post office with ZIP code 97447.
Climate
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Idleyld Park has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.
References
External links
Photo of the community's post office by Jimmy Emerson
Unincorporated communities in Douglas County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
"Take the Long Way Home" is the third US single and sixth track of English rock band Supertramp's 1979 album Breakfast in America. It was the last song written for the album, being penned during the nine-month recording cycle. In 1980, the live version from Paris became a minor hit in various European countries.
Background
According to its composer Roger Hodgson, the song deals with how the desire to go home can go both ways:
I'm talking about not wanting to go home to the wife, take the long way home to the wife because they treat you like part of the furniture, but there's a deeper level to the song, too. I really believe we all want to find our home, find that place in us where we feel at home, and to me, home is in the heart and that is really, when we are in touch with our heart and we're living our life from our heart, then we do feel like we found our home."
This was the last song composed for Breakfast in America.
Reception
Billboard magazine contributor David Farrell praised the "convincing melody with a crafty hook", although they felt the music contrasted with the "pessimistic lyric about man's loss of identity in an increasingly complex world." Cash Box called it "a bouncy, uptempo number, laden with pop-symphonic instrumentals, highpitched vocals and harmonies and a jaunty harmonic figure" Ultimate Classic Rock critic Nick DeRiso rated it as Supertramp's 8th best song. Gary Graff of Billboard rated "Take the Long Way Home" as Supertramp's 7th best song, noting its "bouncy melody awash with keyboards" and the "rich sax-and-harmonica exchange between [John] Helliwell and [Rick] Davies."
The single reached number 10 on the U.S. charts and number 4 in the Canadian charts.
Charts
Personnel
Roger Hodgson — vocals, piano, electric guitar
Rick Davies — harmonica, Hammond organ, synthesizers
Dougie Thomson — bass guitar
Bob C. Benberg — drums, tambourine
John Helliwell — synthesizer, clarinet solo
Other versions
The band Trixter included a version of the song on their 1994 release Undercovers.
Alternative rock band Lazlo Bane covered the song for their 2007 cover album Guilty Pleasures.
References
External links
Supertramp - Take the Long Way Home
1979 singles
1970s ballads
Supertramp songs
Songs written by Roger Hodgson
Rock ballads
A&M Records singles
Vrtovin ( or ; ) is a village on the northern edge of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It includes several smaller hamlets: Grželi, Čebuli, Fužina, Guli, and Stovška Vas () south of the main village and Krti, Šateji, Subani, Jama, Kocjani, Rebki, Čermeli, Guštini, Fevči, and Lozarji to the north.
The local church is dedicated to the Assumption of Mary and belongs to the Parish of Kamnje.
References
External links
Vrtovin at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Max Gottwald (born 13 September 2000) is a German footballer who most recently played in the United States for South Florida Bulls.
References
Living people
1999 births
German footballers
Association football defenders
SC Preußen Münster players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
South Florida Bulls men's soccer players
3. Liga players
Oberliga (football) players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Paroedura spelaea is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2018
Peoples Trust Company, operating as Peoples Group, is a Canadian financial services company based in Vancouver, British Columbia. Peoples Group operates as a trust company and also maintains a chartered bank subsidiary, Peoples Bank of Canada. It is a subsidiary of the Alberta-based holding company Triple Five Groups and maintains offices in Vancouver, Calgary, and Toronto.
History
When Peoples Trust opened in 1985, it focused on the origination of residential and multi-family mortgage products, and the provision of short- and long-term guaranteed investment products. It now includes a specialty in care facility and other commercial mortgages, corporate & specialized lending, as well as a line of secured and prepaid credit card products.
Services
Services provided by Peoples Trust:
Mortgage origination (Multi-Family, Commercial, Construction, and Residential)
Mortgage servicing
Deposit services (GICs, RRSPs, TFSAs, e-Savings)
Secured credit cards
Prepaid credit cards
Corporate & specialized lending
Membership and affiliations
Peoples Group and its subsidiary Peoples Bank of Canada are separately members of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC).
Class Action Lawsuit
On May 13, 2019, the Ontario Superior Court awarded $16.8 million (CAD) (including $1.5 million in punitive damages) to plaintiffs in a class action lawsuit regarding fees and unused balances the company seized from consumers of its prepaid gift cards between 2012 and 2014. The settlement was approved by a judge in September 2020 and all eligible Ontarians are able to make a claim. The lawsuit covers activities until 2014 but the company continued to issue cards and collect fees that saw the card face value decrease progressively as Peoples Group continued to deduct monthly 'service' fees. So a user who bought a $100 card and didn't use it, would eventually see the balance decrease to $0.
Impacted cards as part of the lawsuit included: Vanilla Prepaid Visa or MasterCard, Give and Go Prepaid Visa, House Points, The Ideal Choice/Online Payment Card MasterCard, Shell Non-Reloadable MasterCard. Along with reloadable prepaid cards under the product names of: Nextwave Titanium+ Prepaid Visa, EPIC Prepaid MasterCard, Evolve Prepaid Visa, HorizonPlus Prepaid MasterCard, PTC Company US Dollar Prepaid MasterCard, Shell Prepaid Reloadable MasterCard and YesCard Prepaid Visa.
References
External links
Peoples Bank website
Financial services companies based in British Columbia
Companies based in Vancouver
Financial services companies established in 1985
1985 establishments in British Columbia
Olivet is an census-designated place and an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee, that is treated as a census-designated place (CDP) for the 2010 U.S. Census. Olivet is located immediately east of Savannah and is served by Tennessee State Route 203 and Tennessee State Route 226.
The population of the CDP was 1,401 as of the 2020 census.
The community was named after the Mount of Olives.
References
Census-designated places in Hardin County, Tennessee
Census-designated places in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Robert Groenewegen (born 4 August 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 79 matches for the Footscray Football Club between 1978 and 1986, kicking a total of 29 goals in their Victorian Football League (VFL) career. They were recruited from Braybrook.
Predominantly wearing the number 14 guernsey throughout their career.  They are now the ground manager at Aurora Stadium in Launceston which hosts several AFL matches every year.
External links
Aurora stadium site
Western Bulldogs players
Braybrook Football Club players
Glenorchy Football Club players
Glenorchy Football Club coaches
North Launceston Football Club players
Williamstown Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
1960 births
Living people
The Museum of Antioquia (Museo de Antioquia) is an art museum in Medellín, Colombia. It houses a large collection of works by Medellín native Fernando Botero and Pedro Nel Gómez.
It was the first museum established in Antioquia department and the second in Colombia. The museum is located in the center of Medellín on the Botero Plaza near the Berrío Park metro station.
History
In 1881, a group, including Manuel Uribe Ángel, Antonio José Restrepo and Martin Gómez, established the Zea Museum in honor of Francisco Antonio Zea at the Library of the Sovereign State of Antioquia. The first collection contained books and historical and artistic artifacts of its founders. Uribe Angel donated their collection with the condition that they be the first director of the Museum. There was also a library as part of the museum.
The history of the department was represented in documents, weapons, flags and other items from the time of Colombian independence to the Thousand Days' War. The collection also contained pre-Columbian pieces, rocks, minerals, and coins.
The library had thousands of volumes related to history, art and science, and a compilation of the first newspapers in the country. In 1886, the Constitution was reformed and the status of Antioquia as a sovereign state changed to the status it has today as a Department. As a result, entities such as the museum had to depend on the central government and with the Governors. The museum coninuted depending on the Administration Department.
The museum closed to become the palace of Rafael Uribe Uribe, the Governor of Antioquia. Part of the collection was put in storage and the other part was sent to the University of Antioquio and the Historical Academy of Antioquia.
In 1946, Teresa Santamaria de Gonzalez and Joaquin Jaramillo Sierra, of the Honor Society for the Betterment of Medellín were concerned that the city did not have a representative museum. They proposed reopening the museum and looked for someone who could protect the museum from government control or closure. So they established the museum as a private non-profit entity.
In 1953, the museum received legal status, and it finally opened in 1955 in the Casa de la Moneda (Coin House), itself a former aguardiente factory. (The place is now Ala Experimental, next to the Church of the Veracruz). The location was facilitated by the national bank, and the city of Medellín gave the building for the exclusive use of the museum.
In 1977, the museum changed its name to the Francisco Antonio Zea Museum of Art of Medellín. The name was changed to avoid confusion: tourists did not understand the significance of Zea and the locals confused the museum with the Cera (wax) museum.
In 1978, the artist Fernando Botero made their first donation of their works to the museum. Then it was proposed that the name be changed to the Museum of Antioquia. The change was accepted by the Governor of Antioquia.
In 1997, a renovation process started. At this time, the museum was in economic distress and the number of annual visitors was low.
Museo 360
Since 2016, with the arrival of María del Rosario Escobar as the Director, the Museum of Antioquia has undertaken the project Museo 360 seeking to outline the Museum as a space for encounters and reflections that “recognize the reality of the city, instead of hiding it.” Museo 360 aims to ”settle historical debts of exclusion, discrimination“ and to overcome “the inability to understand the other, amid the fear of being different.” According to Escobar, the Museum's mission is to “review history and its stories, and create new stories that are inclusive and allow us to understand that the problems of the city and its protagonists exist.” This institutional approach seeks to provoke reflections on the historical paths that have led to the present of a society, and the role that cultural institutions play in these processes.
Accordingly, the curatorial strategy of the permanent galleries invites visitors to inquire about the role of art history and museums in the reinforcement of exclusionary social constructs. Another example of the Museum's new approach is the artistic residency project of artist Nadia Granados who, with curator Carolina Chacón and a group of sex workers based in downtown Medellín, developed the award-winning cabaret/performance Nadie sabe quién soy yo (No one knows who I am) in 2017. From then on, the performers funded the group Las Guerreras del Centro (Downtown Warriors), a collective to highlight the lives and stories of sex workers through artistic performances, knitting circles and other community actions.
Nadie sabe quién soy yo was the beginning of a series of curatorial and educational collaborations between Las Guerreras del Centro and the Museum of Antioquia. Such collaborative projects constitute destigmatizing and empowering critical museology practices that generate new spaces for exchanges and social dialogues within and outside of the museum. These spaces emerge from the museum, forge links beyond museum walls, and drastically transform the museum's relationship with its social environment.
See also
Pedro Nel Gómez
References
Un museo con más de 1.000 visitantes diarios
External links
Official web page (in Spanish)
Brief description in English with photos
Antioquia
Museums in Medellín
Museums established in 1955
1881 establishments in Colombia
Ludovigo Galbiati or Ludovicus Galbiati (1577 – 23 May 1638) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Acerno (1637–1638).
Biography
Ludovicus Galbiati was born in Rome, Italy in 1577. On 17 August 1637, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Acerno. On 6 September 1637, they were consecrated bishop by Alessandro Cesarini (iuniore), Cardinal-Deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin, with Alfonso Gonzaga, Titular Archbishop of Rhodus, and Giovanni Battista Scanaroli, Titular Bishop of Sidon, serving as co-consecrators. They served as Bishop of Acerno until their death on 23 May 1638.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
1577 births
1638 deaths
Kiri Sakor District () is a district (srok) of Koh Kong Province, in south-western Cambodia. All of Kiri Sakor is part of Botum Sakor National Park since 1993.
Administration
The district is subdivided into three khum (communes) and nine phum (villages).
See also
Botum Sakor National Park
Dara Sakor International Airport
Notes
Districts of Koh Kong province
Zarnusheh (, also Romanized as Zarnūsheh; also known as Zanūsheh) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 687, in 163 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
1992 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1992 ACC men's basketball tournament
1992 ACC women's basketball tournament
1992 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1992 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
1992 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
1992 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
The Broads Society is a waterway society in Norfolk and Suffolk, England, UK.
The society was founded in 1956 to provide a focus for anyone interested in the region, e.g. navigators, naturalists, farmers, residents and visitors. It campaigned in the 1960s and 1970s for special status for The Broads, and in 1988 the area was given special protection, a status similar to that of a National Park after the passing of the Norfolk & Suffolk Broads Act 1988.
Today the Broads Society has a membership of about 1200, and it monitors pressures on the unique Broads environment, as well as commenting on planning applications. It is represented on the Broads Authority's Broads Forum.
The Broads Society became a joint owner of the eel sett at Candle Dyke which is the last working sett in the East of England.
The Society's volunteers are known as "Broadsword"; they work during the winter months clearing trees and scrub from river banks. This encourages the re-colonisation of banks by reedswamp and helps maintains the unique environment found in Broadland. It also improves sailing conditions.
The Mission Statement of the Broads Society is as follows:
"Our members share a common purpose to help secure a sustainable future for The Broads as a unique and protected landscape in which leisure, tourism and the local economy can thrive in harmony with the natural environment".
See also
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Broads Society
Clubs and societies in Norfolk
Organisations based in Suffolk
1956 establishments in England
Organizations established in 1956
is a business holdings company headquartered in Totsuka-ku in Yokohama, in the Kanagawa Prefecture of Japan. It is a subsidiary of Koito Manufacturing Company. KI Holdings manufactures railway equipment, and aircraft lighting.
In 1967, the company inherited the railway vehicle equipment/seat division and the lighting/electric equipment division of Koito Manufacturing Company.
On 1 August 2011, businesses other than aircraft seats were spun out as "Koito Electric".
History
April, 1915: Koito Genrokuro Shoten
April, 1936: Reorganized as Koito Manufacturing Co.
September, 1947: Established as NAIGAI SHOJI CO.,LTD (predecessor company).
July, 1948: Renamed to KOITO SHOJI CO., LTD.
May, 1957: Renamed to KOITO INDUSTRIES, LIMITED
March, 1988: Listed on the second section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
1 August 2011: Koito Industries newly established KOITO ELECTRIC INDUSTRIES, LTD., which took over all businesses excluding the aviation seat business. Concurrently, Koito Industries changed its trade name to KI HOLDINGS., LTD.
19 June 2019: Parent company Koito Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Conducted a tender offer and acquired 92.37% of shares.
30 July 2019: Delisted from the second section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
1 August 2019: Became a wholly owned subsidiary of the parent company, Koito Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
Offices
KI Holdings
Head Office and Factory: Totsuka-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan
Koito Electric
Head Office and Fuji Nagaizumi Factory: Nagaizumi-cho, Shinto-gun, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan
Okayama Industries
Head Office and Factory: Oizumi-cho, Guraku-gun, Gunma Prefecture, Japan
Products
Aircraft Seats
KI Holdings manufactured seats for commercial aircraft from 1959, but in February 2010 received a business improvement recommendation from the Japanese Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. In June 2011 KI Holdings took measures in response to an airworthiness improvement order issued by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA).
Railway Seats
Koito Electric and its affiliated company Okayama Sangyo manufacture seats for railway cars. The Keio 5000 and Tokyu 6020 dual seats are also made by Koito Electric.
Railway Control Equipment and Display Devices
Along with Morio Electric, KI Holdings holds a large share of destination signage, master controllers and destination display devices for the railway industry.
The company also manufacturers interior LED lighting for trains and the "Patto Vision" in-car information display.
Road and Traffic Information Systems
KI Holdings many traffic products such as traffic signals and traffic sign boards.
Home Equipment
KI Holdings manufacturers hand driers, many of which are produced for TOTO.
2009–2010 issues with airline seats
In February 2010, Koito Industries faced a controversy with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport of Japan regarding its airline seats. The company was allegedly involved in a seat test falsification, claiming that they omitted part of a test process to test airline seats and used figures from past tests. Koito claimed that they did this because of "heavy number of orders coming and tight scheduling." The problem affected 150,000 seats among over 1,000 Airbus and Boeing planes owned by 32 airlines in 24 countries, causing delays to some aircraft deliveries such as All Nippon Airways' new Inspiration of Japan seats, particularly the premium economy seats.
Airbus, since September 2009, before the scandal, had banned Koito from delivering seats manufactured for Airbus aircraft because of safety violations.
As of July 2010, Boeing no longer allows airlines to fit Koito seats in new-build aircraft.
Related Companies
Koito Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
References
External links
Manufacturing companies based in Yokohama
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Aircraft component manufacturers
Manufacturing companies of Japan
Japanese companies established in 1915
For the Summer Olympics, there are 34 venues that have been or will be used for gymnastics. Before World War II, the competitions were held outdoors. Since then with the exception of 1960, gymnastics have taken place indoors.
List
References
Venues
Gym
Maazee is a 2000 Maldivian drama film directed by Mohamed Ali Manik. Produced by Feeroz Audio, the film stars Ismail Wajeeh, Jamsheedha Ahmed, Mariyam Nazima, Ali Shimree and Aminath Rasheedha in pivotal roles.
The film marks actors Wajeeh and Jamsheedha's only collaboration in the film industry. The film received warm response from critics while Wajeeh picked their performance in the film as one of their "finest and accomplished role". Maazee also marks actor Ali Seezan's first work in the industry by working as an assistant director in the film.
Plot
Naeema (Sakeena) a wealthy and reputed woman visits their homeland along with their husband to peace their mind after their unfortunate incidence of giving birth to a stillborn baby. They request Zubeydha (Aminath Rasheedha) to allow their daughter, Neeza (Mariyam Azza) to stay with them in Male' ensuring a prosperous and educated life, promising to love them as their own. Despondent, Zubeydha agreed to their terms concerning for Neeza's future, while Neeza squabbled to stay at the island having the fear of separating with their best-friend Ahmed, whom they hangouts with all day.
Years later, Ahmed (Ismail Wajeeh) visits Male' and was shocked when Neeza (Jamsheedha Ahmed) who now is in a romantic relationship with Shimau (Ali Shimree), fails to recognize him. Ahmed decided to stay in Male'. Having the need to consult a doctor, Zubeydha relocates to Male' and was astounded to see their disparate from their childhood life and liking. Neeza acts rude and cold-hearted towards Zubeydha, treats them like a servant in the house. Ahmed, established themselves as a victorious man through burden and struggles, and is now the head of a successful company while changing their complete identity omitting their surname for its forlorn attachments.
Preparations for Neeza and Shimau's wedding commences, discomforting Zubeydha, since they have promised Hussain (Abdul Raheem) and Saeedha (Mariyam Haleem) to wed their daughter to Ahmed. Imran starts a romantic relationship with their secretary, Sama (Mariyam Nazima). After meeting reformed Imran, Neeza falls for them and starts avoiding Shimau. At their birthday party, Imran sends them a necklace which they handed over to them as a memory of them during their childhood. Neeza realizing the grave mistake and discovering their identity runs to meet them where they witness Imran with Sama leaving the party.
Cast
Ismail Wajeeh as Ahmed Imran
Jamsheedha Ahmed as Neeza
Ali Shimree as Shimau
Mariyam Nazima as Sama
Aminath Rasheedha as Zubeydha
Ibrahim Rasheed
Sakeena as Naeema
Mariyam Haleem as Saeedha
Abdul Raheem as Hussain
Mariyam Azza as Neeza
Soundtrack
References
1997 films
Maldivian drama films
Xenocyprioides parvulus is a species of cyprinid of the genus Xenocyprioides. It inhabits Qinzhou, Guangxi province, China, and has a maximum length of . It is considered harmless to humans.
References
Cyprinidae
Cyprinid fish of Asia
Fish described in 1982
Freshwater fish of China
Emiel van Dijk (born 22 March, 1985) is a Dutch politician and a member of the Party for Freedom. They represent the party on the Provincial Council of North Brabant and has served twice as a member of the House of Representatives.
Van Dijk worked as a legislative assistant to PVV MEPS Lucas Hartong and Vicky Maeijer. In April 2018, they became a temporary member of the House of Representatives to cover for Gabrielle Popken who had gone on maternity leave and remained in the House to replace Karen Gerbrands who was on leave until 2021.
During a 2020 debate on immigration in the House of Representatives, Van Dijk used the word "omvolking" (or "demographic replacement") when referring to their opposition to European migration pact. The debate was temporarily closed after Christian Union MP Joël Voordewind accused Van Dijk of "using really a term from the Nazi era" to which Van Dijk described Voordewind's comment as "too much for words" and demanded that they withdraw the accusation.
References
1985 births
21st-century Dutch politicians
Living people
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Members of the Provincial Council of North Brabant
Party for Freedom politicians
People from The Hague
Paxton Media Group of Paducah, Kentucky, is a privately held media company with holdings that include newspapers and a TV station, WPSD-TV in Paducah. David M. Paxton is president and CEO.
The company owns 32 daily newspapers and numerous weekly newspapers, mostly in the southern United States. Daily circulation totals 350,000. Holdings include The Paducah Sun, the High Point Enterprise in High Point, North Carolina, the Jonesboro Sun in Jonesboro, Arkansas, and the Daily Star in Hammond, Louisiana and The Daily Citizen in Searcy, Arkansas.
History
Paxton Media Group traces it roots to 1896, when a group of investors headed by William F. Paxton launched The Evening Sun by buying the assets of the failing Paducah Standard at 214 Broadway. The cost was $8,900, and the men started with $10,000 capital. The newspaper did not make a profit until 1918. In 1929, Paxton's son, Edwin J. Paxton, who had taken over as editor, bought out the rival News-Democrat. After the merger, the newspaper became The Sun-Democrat, and operations were moved to the current location at 408 Kentucky Avenue in 1934. The name changed to The Paducah Sun in 1978 at the request of Jack Paxton, editor at the time and grandson of Edwin J. Paxton.
At 4:20 p.m. May 28, 1957, WPSD television, (the PSD stands for Paducah Sun-Democrat) went on the air as the company-owned television station based in Paducah. It is an NBC affiliate.
The company operated only The Paducah Sun and WPSD-TV until 1989, when it began acquiring other newspapers.
In 1998, the company purchased Nixon Newspapers Inc which included the Wabash Plain Dealer, located in Wabash, Indiana.
In December 2004, Paxton Media Group purchased The Herald-Sun in Durham, North Carolina. At the time of the purchase Paxton Media Group already owned 7 other newspapers in North Carolina. Durham, N.C., is home to Duke University. In 2003, The Herald-Sun drew criticism during the Duke Lacrosse false rape accusation scandal. In late December 2016, Paxton sold The Herald-Sun to The McClatchy Company.
In 2007, Paxton Media Group purchased three Indiana newspapers: the Marion Chronicle-Tribune (in July) from the Gannett Foundation; the Huntington Herald-Press (in May) from the Quayle family; and the LaPorte County Herald-Argus from Small Newspaper Group (in September).
Paxton purchased the Mayfield Messenger in Kentucky in June 2015. In May 2016, Paxton purchased The Elkhart Truth in Indiana.
In 2017, Paxton acquired the Grayson County News Gazette, the News Democrat Leader, and the Macon County Times from Civitas Media. In January 2018, Paxton purchased the Daily Herald in Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina, from Wick Communications. In June 2018, it purchased The Batesville Daily Guard in Arkansas from the Jones family. In November 2018, Paxton purchased the Kentucky New Era. In May 2019, it purchased The Rochester Sentinel in Indiana. By June 2019, Paxton acquired four additional Arkansas newspapers, including Conway's Log Cabin Democrat, Clinton's Van Buren County Democrat, The Sun-Times in Heber Springs, and the Newport Independent.
In July 2020, Paxton purchased the Dubois County Herald in Jasper, Indiana. In October 2020, Paxton purchased the Wilkes Journal-Patriot in North Carolina. In May 2021, Paxton purchased Landmark Community Newspapers, publisher of 47 daily and weekly newspapers in Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina and Virginia. It later resold some publications acquired in the Landmark purchase that it considered outside the company's footprint: The Las Vegas Optic in New Mexico to O'Rourke Media Group; Huskers Illustrated to Nicholas Holdings; and two newspapers in Iowa, the Red Oak Express and the Glenwood Opinion-Tribune, to J. Louis Mullen.
Business practices
Durham Herald-Sun
Paxton Media Group was criticized when it fired nearly 25 percent of the employees of The Herald-Sun, many of them longtime staples of the newsroom, the day it assumed ownership. Paxton defended the move by claiming that the newsroom was overstaffed and the salaries were causing the Durham, North Carolina paper to post annual losses. According to the Durham-based Independent Weekly, sources familiar with the Herald-Sun, Co.'s accounting ledgers, the company was operating profitably at least 6 months prior to Paxton's $124 million purchase.
Allegations of lackluster and biased reporting by Paxton Media Group's holdings became news, again, with the dismissal of charges against the suspects in the Duke lacrosse rape case, when it became clear that The Herald-Sun editorial policy would not permit the paper to publish criticism of Durham district attorney Mike Nifong, despite the fact that Nifong was facing ethics charges by the North Carolina State Bar and demands by the North Carolina Conference of District Attorneys that Nifong remove themselves from the case.
In December 2016, Paxton Media sold The Herald-Sun to The McClatchy Company, owner of a competitor newspaper, The News & Observer of Raleigh, North Carolina.
La Porte Herald-Argus
In September 2007, Paxton purchased the Herald-Argus of La Porte, Indiana amidst rumors that the paper would either be moved, merged, or have its staff severely cut, due to the recent acquisition of a number of rural newspapers in northern Indiana. In order to allay those rumors, then-publisher John A. Newby wrote a column that firmly stated that the Herald-Argus was profitable and "lean" and therefore would not see any dramatic changes. Despite published claims to the contrary, in October, shortly after taking over operation of the paper, Paxton Media laid-off about half its staff at the Herald-Argus and moved its production location to that of the Paxton-owned Herald-Palladium in St. Joseph, Michigan, which by Paxton's own admission, has negatively impacted the paper's ability to publish timely local news. Reminiscent of the abrupt manner in which the Herald-Sun firings were conducted, at least one longtime Herald-Argus staffer was notified of their termination via certified mail while they recovered from surgery at home. The remaining Herald-Argus staffers and the staffers at other nearby Paxton-owned papers were specifically instructed not to publish information regarding the Herald-Argus staff cuts and production changes. The Herald-Argus''' website has also removed the 17 September 2007 column which promised that there would be no staff cuts or relocation of the paper's offices under Paxton's watch.
In July 2008, Paxton consolidated operations even more, making the publisher, managing editor, and other editorial management the same for both papers.
High Point Enterprise
On 15 November 2007, reports indicate that Paxton dramatically cut the staff of the High Point Enterprise in High Point, North Carolina, which Paxton took control of in 2004. This is the third round of layoffs since 1999, when Paxton first purchased a stake in the paper. Senior Enterprise staff frequently criticized Paxton's management of the paper, arguing that there was a quantifiable reduction in local coverage.
Properties
Newspapers
Daily
The Batesville Daily Guard - Batesville, Arkansas
The Chapel Hill Herald - Durham, North Carolina
The Courier - Russellville, Arkansas
The Daily Citizen - Searcy, Arkansas
The Jonesboro Sun - Jonesboro, Arkansas
Paragould Daily Press - Paragould, Arkansas
Douglas County Sentinel - Douglasville, Georgia
Griffin Daily News - Griffin, Georgia
Times-Georgian - Carrollton, Georgia
Connersville News-Examiner - Connersville, Indiana
The Courier-Times - New Castle, Indiana
The News-Dispatch - Michigan City, Indiana
Peru Tribune - Peru, Indiana
Princeton Daily Clarion - Princeton, Indiana
The Rochester Sentinel - Rochester, Indiana
The Shelbyville News - Shelbyville, Indiana
The Times - Frankfort, Indiana
Vincennes Sun-Commercial - Vincennes, Indiana
Wabash Plain Dealer - Wabash, Indiana
The Chronicle-Tribune - Marion, Indiana
Huntington Herald-Press - Huntington, Indiana
LaPorte County Herald-Argus - LaPorte County, Indiana
The Elkhart Truth - Elkhart, Indiana
The News-Enterprise - Elizabethtown, Kentucky
Kentucky New Era - Hopkinsville, Kentucky
The Messenger - Madisonville, Kentucky
Mayfield Messenger - Mayfield, Kentucky
Messenger-Inquirer - Owensboro, Kentucky
The Paducah Sun - Paducah, Kentucky
Daily Star - Hammond, Louisiana
The Herald-Palladium - St. Joseph, Michigan
Daily Corinthian - Corinth, Mississippi
The Daily Courier - Forest City, North Carolina
The Goldsboro News-Argus- Goldsboro, North Carolina
The Daily Dispatch - Henderson, North Carolina
High Point Enterprise - High Point, North Carolina
News-Topic - Lenoir, North CarolinaThe Enquirer-Journal - Monroe, North CarolinaThe Daily Herald - Roanoke Rapids, North Carolina
The Sanford Herald - Sanford, North Carolina
The Mountain Press - Sevierville, Tennessee
Log Cabin Democrat - Conway, Arkansas
The Grand Haven Tribune - Grand Haven, Michigan
The Lebanon Democrat - Lebanon, TennesseeWeeklyList is incomplete-
Van Buren County Democrat - Clinton, Arkansas
The Sun-Times - Heber Springs, Arkansas
Newport Independent - Newport, Arkansas
The Haralson Gateway-Beacon - Bremen, Georgia
The Tallapoosa Journal - Tallapoosa, Georgia
The Villa-Rican - Villa Rica, Georgia
Mount Carmel Register - Mount Carmel, Illinois
The Metropolis Planet - Metropolis, Illinois
The Standard - Boonville, Indiana
Marshall County Tribune-Courier - Benton, Kentucky
The Cadiz Record - Trigg County, Kentucky
McLean County News - Calhoun, Kentucky
Franklin Favorite - Franklin, Kentucky
Herald-Ledger - Eddyville, Kentucky
Progress - Dawson Springs, Kentucky
Journal Enterprise - Providence, Kentucky
Grayson County News Gazette - Leitchfield, Kentucky
News Democrat Leader - Russellville, Kentucky
The South Haven Tribune - South Haven, Michigan
Archdale-Trinity News - Archdale, North Carolina
Indian Trail Trader - Indian Trail, North Carolina
News-Topic - Lenoir, North Carolina
Wilkes Journal-Patriot - North Wilkesboro, North Carolina
Thomasville Times - Thomasville, North Carolina
Waxhaw Exchange - Waxhaw, North Carolina
Macon County Times - Lafayette, Tennessee
Portland Leader - Portland, Tennessee
The Lebanon Enterprise - Lebanon, Kentucky
The Corydon Democrat - Corydon, Indiana
Clarion News - Corydon, Indiana
Other
WPSD-TV - Paducah, Kentucky
Sun Publishing - Paducah, Kentucky
WFKN - Franklin, Kentucky
Corydon Instant Print - Corydon, Indiana
References
- Mayoral candidate alleges discrimination by the La Porte Herald Argus in an online blog posted by the Michigan City News Dispatch'', another Paxton Media Group paper.
- List of Paxton Media Group's daily newspapers
Mass media companies of the United States
Newspaper companies of the United States
Companies based in Kentucky
Paducah, Kentucky
Publishing companies established in 1896
1896 establishments in Kentucky
The 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a soccer match to determine the winners of 2021 CONCACAF Gold Cup. The match was the sixteenth final of the Gold Cup, a biennial tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of CONCACAF and one invited team to decide the champion of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean. The match was held at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada, United States, on August 1, 2021, and was contested by hosts the United States and the defending champions Mexico.
It was the seventh Gold Cup final to be contested by Mexico and the United States, and the second consecutive. From the previous six finals, Mexico won five times – in 1993, 1998, 2009, 2011, and 2019. The United States only won in 2007 prior to this match.
The United States won the final 1–0, with the lone goal scored by Miles Robinson in extra time for their seventh Gold Cup title.
Venue
The final was held at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada, United States, located in the Las Vegas metropolitan area. It was the first major international tournament to played at the venue, which was built for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League. It was also be the first Gold Cup match to be played in the Las Vegas area. The match was played in front of a full-capacity crowd after the easing of COVID-19 restrictions; CONCACAF began sale of general seating tickets on June 11, 2021, and sold out their allotment within 90 minutes.
Referee
The referee in charge of the match was Said Martínez from Honduras. Martínez, who at the time was 29, was considered amongst the best confederation referees and was appointed along assistant referees, one fellow Honduran and a Nicaraguan as linesmen. Goal.com considered the match, the most important of their international career, which began in 2017.
Road to the final
Match
Details
Notes
References
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
Final
Mexico–United States soccer rivalry
United States men's national soccer team matches
Mexico national football team matches
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
Sports competitions in Nevada
Soccer in Nevada
Events in Paradise, Nevada
Madagascar competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from 9 to 25 February 2018, with one competitor. The country returned to the Winter Olympics after last competing in 2006, which also marked its debut.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Malagasy delegation per sport.
Alpine skiing
Madagascar qualified one female athlete, Mialitiana Clerc. Clerc was born in Madagascar, and was adopted by a French family at the age of one. They learned to ski in France. Clerc became the first female Malagasy athlete to compete at the Winter Olympics.
See also
Madagascar at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
References
Nations at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018
2018 in Malagasy sport
There are several Chinese martial arts known as Snake Boxing or Fanged Snake Style () which imitate the movements of snakes. It is a style of Shaolin Boxing. Proponents claim that adopting the fluidity of snakes allows them to entwine with their opponents in defense and strike them from angles they would not expect in offense. Snake style is said to especially lend itself to applications with the Chinese straight sword. The snake is also one of the animals imitated in Yang family Taijiquan (T'ai chi ch'uan), Baguazhang and Xingyiquan. The sinuous, fluid motion of the snake lends itself to the practical theory that underlies the "soft" martial arts.
Different snake styles imitate different movements of snakes.
Some, for example, imitate the Cylindrophiidae, while others imitate the python, while some schools imitate other types of snakes, like the viper and the cobra. There are two unrelated, Northern and Southern snake styles.
Northern style (Shequan Beipai)
Snake is one of the archetypal Five Animals of Chinese martial arts; the other four being Crane, Tiger, Leopard, and Dragon.
Snake style is based on whipping or rattling power which travels up the spine to the fingers, or in the case of the rattler, the body shake which travels down the spine to the tip of the tailbone. The ability to sinuously move, essentially by compressing one's stomach/abdominal muscles, is very important. Footing is quite grounded. The stancework is fluid in order to maximize the whipping potential of any movement. This necessitates building a strong spine to contain the power and strong fingers to convey the strike. Since breath is important to any movement of the spine and ribs, snake style is considered one of the main styles which eventually led to internal training. Snake style is also known as an approach to weapons training, the Chinese straight sword and spear in particular. There are even specialty varieties of sword blades and spear points that curve back and forth down the length of the blade in imitation of the snake's body known as snake sword and snake spear.
Snake style generally aims for weak points of the human body, such as the eyes, groin and joints.
Southern style (Shequan Nanpai)
The Southern Shaolin Temple in Fukien Province was sometimes known as "the snake temple". Snake style kung fu was practiced at this temple as well as dragon kung fu and praying mantis kung fu. Fukien temple was a refuge for the Henan Temple monks when that temple was destroyed. With them, they brought all the martial arts knowledge they had.
The snake style of green bamboo viper is one of the five subsets that was taught at the Southern Shaolin Temple. This particular form of snake fist originated in Cambodia and worked its way up to China. As it was integrated into Shaolin, it got more refined and sophisticated. The green bamboo viper is the snake style taught in the United States by Grandmaster Wing Loc Johnson Ng. Grandmaster Ng taught this particular snake style as well as water snake, shadow snake, king cobra, and Golden snake. These five type snakes make up the southern snake style system. Snake style kung fu is considered to be a highly advanced form of fighting due to the use of internal energy (chi) and the specialized breathing techniques.
There is also an obscure Southern Snake Style () whose grand master was Leung Tin Chiu who was born in the late 19th century and became well known as they ranked 35th in one of Nanking's Martial Art examinations in late 1929. Their style (She yin Diu Sau), inherited from Ancient Monk, was an amalgamation of Southern Shaolin style and Choy Gar style learned from a Choy grandmaster. They had severals disciples, the main who received the legacy their nephew Master Some K.F Leung of Hong Kong and the late Master C. M Fong at present day head-father Master of the system. The pugilistic style is best described as a mid-distance fighting style, using, by coincidence, some Wing Chun-like techniques in Hung Ga or Choy Gar-like forms. That attests to the Southern Shaolin origin of this style and its close relationship to other styles originating from Southern Shaolin. In fact Yau Lung Kong first learned from the Choy's family, but they did not have the privilege to all the secrets. Being less than satisfied they enrolled themselves at the Southern Shaolin temple years and later combined all that they learned into this snake style ("She Ying Diu Sao"). It would best be described as a "Choy-Fut" style ("fut" means "buddha," a respectful address for deceased monks). Of course different "fut's" from the Southern Shaolin temple would pass on similar but different techniques or idiosyncratic execution of the same basic techniques. In this style of snake kung fu the force and techniques are softer than traditional southern styles. Besides straight punches and the flaming eye gouge as widely used in Wing Chun, this style also employs strikes fit´s mill butterfly-buddha palms, the hook, upper cut, and gui quen (back fist) as central techniques. Biu tze (thrusting fingers) techniques resembling snake attacks are the secrets, and hence, the name of this style. There are multiple kicking techniques, as varied as typical northern styles with high kicks, but also typical are below-the-groin kicks seen in southern styles. There are six fist sets(like siu lam won, man fu ha san, they yin quan), two stick sets, single sword, short double swords, and other traditional weapons.
Uses in fiction
The style was exemplified in the movie "The Quest" starring Jean Claude Van Dame. Their character Chris is engaged in an international fighting tournament where they and their affiliates witnesses the effectiveness of this style by an apparently experienced contestant during the tournament. During the procession of the tourney, the Chinese contestant uses some of the Five Animal styles against their opponents (identified in the film as Monkey, Snake, and Tiger styles) are demonstrated as they seemingly defeat their opponents with ease. However, Chris is ultimately faced against said opponent and subsequently defeats the fighter by throwing them off with an unorthodox mixed style of kickboxing and street fighting just prior to a final battle between two main characters.
The style gained prominence in Jackie Chan's film Snake in the Eagle's Shadow
The style was also heavily featured in the acclaimed film Five Deadly Venoms
The fictional character Kwai Chang Caine used elements of Snake Kung Fu in the television series Kung Fu
The style also used in John Cheung Ng-long starring film Snake in the Monkey's Shadow
It is the fighting style used by the video game character Christie from the Dead or Alive fighting game series.
In Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance and Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, Snake is the primary fighting style of Shang Tsung. In Mortal Kombat: Deception, however, Havik uses Snake as their primary fighting style.
Tekken's Lei Wulong uses Snake as well as four other animal styles as their fighting style.
In the DreamWorks' movie Kung Fu Panda, along with its sequels and a TV spin-off, the character Viper, played by Lucy Liu, is a snake who, despite their lack of limbs, practices a stylized form of Snake Kung Fu.
The Mime (Camilla Ortin), a minor Batman comic book villain published by DC Comics, is a master of both Snake style Kung Fu and Tai Chi Chuan.
In Avatar: The Last Airbender Azula's friend and bodyguard Ty Lee utilizes snake style.
In the 2008 Thai martial arts film Ong Bak 2, Tien (played by Tony Jaa) utilises snake-style Kung Fu in their training.
In the 2010 remake of the Karate Kid movie - training in Kung Fu, rather than Karate - there is a woman seen practicing snake style while hypnotizing an actual snake.
In the YA novel Snake by Jeff Stone, Seh is a young warrior monk who specializes in snake style kung fu.
The Street Fighter IV character Rufus utilizes snake style as part of their fighting style.
In the light novel and anime Juuni Taisen, while fighting the younger Tatsumi Brother's reanimated corpse, Tora identifies a stance they take as belonging to snake-style kung fu.
In the manga Kengan Omega, Yuzaki Mumon is a master of snake-style kung fu, and uses it against Tokuno'o "Nitoku" Tokumichi in a Kengan fight. However, this Yuzaki Mumon is later revealed to be an impostor; Toyoda Idemitsu was able to identify them as a fake due to the fact that they utilized a different style of snake kung fu than the original Yuzaki Mumon.
See also
Bando
Shaolin Wolf's article on Shequan
(Wayback Machine copy)
References
Chinese martial arts
Buddhist martial arts
Mecúfi District is a district of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique. It covers 1,254 km2 with 48,503 inhabitants.
External links
Government profile
Districts in Cabo Delgado Province
Ragnheiður Ragnarsdóttir, also known as Ragga Ragnars (born 24 October 1984) is an Icelandic actor and former swimmer, who specialised in sprint freestyle events.  They are a multiple-time Icelandic record holder in both long and short course freestyle (both 50 metres and 100 metres). After retiring from swimming, Ragnheiður studied acting and has played the role of Gunnhild on the TV series Vikings since 2018.
Career
Swimming
Ragnheiður made their Olympic debut, as Iceland's youngest swimmer (aged 19), at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. They qualified for two swimming events by attaining B-standard entry times of 26.34 (50 m freestyle) and 56.74 (100 m freestyle). In the 100 m freestyle, Ragnheiður finished last in heat three and fortieth overall with a time of 58.47 seconds. In the 50 m freestyle, Ragnheiður almost snared out of triumph in heat five by a hundredth of a second (0.01) behind Luxembourg's Lara Heinz, finishing second and thirty-first overall in 26.36 seconds.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Ragnheiður qualified for the second time in the same swimming program as the previous Games. They cleared FINA B-cuts of 25.95 (50 m freestyle) from the Dutch Open Swim Cup in Eindhoven and 56.06 (100 m freestyle) from FINA World Championships in Melbourne. In the 100 m freestyle, they were reassigned in heat three against seven other swimmers, including Hong Kong's Hannah Wilson and Bahamas' Arianna Vanderpool-Wallace. They touched out Cyprus' Anna Stylianou to take the fifth spot and thirty-fifth overall by three hundredths of a second (0.03), in a time of 56.35 seconds. In the 50 m freestyle, Ragnheiður finished fourth in heat eight by 0.13 of a second behind Jamaica's Natasha Moodie, clocking at 25.82. Ragnheiður failed to advance into the semifinals, as they placed thirty-sixth out of 92 swimmers in the evening prelims.
Ragnheiður did not compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London as they were pregnant with their son.
Acting
Ragnheiður has said that they always had a passion for acting and after retiring from swimming, decided to study acting. They took an 8-week "Acting for Film" course with New York Film Academy in Los Angeles, which they "loved" and then enrolled for a one-year programme. They graduated in 2015. It was also announced in the 2020 Game Awards that they would star in an animated series based on the popular Studio Wildcard game Ark: Survival Evolved in 2022 playing the role of Queen Sigrid.
Ragnheiður had also starred as Gunnhild on the TV series Vikings.
Personal life
Ragnheiður was married to Atli Bjarnason, a business administrator, from 2013 to 2017. Their son was born in 2013.
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1984 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Iceland
Swimmers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Icelandic female freestyle swimmers
Sportspeople from Reykjavík
The 2016–17 Montana State Bobcats men's basketball team represented Montana State University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bobcats, led by third year head coach Brian Fish, played their home games at Brick Breeden Fieldhouse in Bozeman, Montana as members of the Big Sky Conference. They finished the season 16–16, 11–7 in Big Sky play to finish in a tie for fifth place. As the No. 6 seed in the Big Sky Tournament, they lost in the first round to Southern Utah.
Previous season
The Bobcats finished the 2015–16 season 14–17, 9–9 in Big Sky play to finish in seventh place. They lost in the First Round of the Big Sky Tournament to Sacramento State.
Offseason
Departures
Incoming transfers
2016 incoming recruits
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Sky regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Sky Tournament
See also
2016–17 Montana State Bobcats women's basketball team
References
Montana State Bobcats men's basketball seasons
Montana State
Bob
Bob
Attenkirchen is a municipality in the district of Freising in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Freising (district)
Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase catalytic subunit gamma isoform is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the PIK3CG gene.
Function
This gene encodes a protein that belongs to the pi3/pi4-kinase family of proteins. The gene product is an enzyme that phosphorylates phosphoinositides on the 3-hydroxyl group of the inositol ring. It is an important modulator of extracellular signals, including those elicited by E-cadherin-mediated cell-cell adhesion, which plays an important role in maintenance of the structural and functional integrity of epithelia. In addition to its role in promoting assembly of adherens junctions, the protein is thought to play a pivotal role in the regulation of cytotoxicity in NK cells. The gene is located in a commonly deleted segment of chromosome 7 previously identified in myeloid leukemias.
Interactions
PIK3CG has been shown to interact with:
BCR gene,
KRAS,
PIK3CD, and
PIK3R5.
See also
Class I PI 3-kinases
p87PIKAP
References
Further reading
Cell signaling
EC 2.7.1
Arctite (Na2Ca4(PO4)3F) is a colourless mineral found in the Kola Peninsula northern Russia. Its IMA symbol is Arc. It has a Mohs hardness of 5 and has a specific gravity of 3.13. Arctite is transparent with a vitreous lustre. Arctite has a perfect cleavage and a trigonal crystal system. It is also a naturally occurring antiperovskite.
Common associates of arctite include aegirine, natisite, lomonosovite, umbite and thenardite.
References
Webmineral data
Phosphate minerals
Trigonal minerals
Minerals in space group 166
Linden Grove was a former stop on the Overbrook line, named for a nearby restaurant and tavern originally established by Pittsburgh Railways Company's predecessor, the Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Railroad to increase their passenger revenues. The stop was closed when the Overbrook line shut down in 1993, and was consolidated with the nearby Memorial Hall stop when the line was rebuilt in 2004.
Former Port Authority of Allegheny County stations
Railway stations closed in 1993
References
The 2013–14 Estonian Cup was the 24th season of the Estonia's most prestigious football knockout tournament.
Levadia won the competition after they defeated Santos 4–0 in the final. As Levadia had already qualified for UEFA Champions League as reigning Estonian Champion Santos qualified for the first qualifying round of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League as the cup runners-up.
First round
The draw was made by Estonian Football Association on 18 May 2013, before the 2012–13 final of the same competition. League level of the club in the brackets. Rahvaliiga (RL) is a league organized by Estonian Football Association, but not part of the main league system.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|28 May
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|3 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|5 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|8 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|9 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|11 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|12 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|13 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|16 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|18 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|19 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|20 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|26 June
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|2 July
|}
Notes
Note 1: JK Pärnu-Jaagupi withdrew from the competition.
Note 2: Pirita Reliikvia withdrew from the competition.
Note 3: JK Kose withdrew from the competition.
Note 4: Taebla JK withdrew from the competition.
Byes
These teams were not drawn and secured a place in the second round without playing:
Meistriliiga (Level 1): Tartu JK Tammeka
Esiliiga (2): Tallinna FC Puuma, Tallinna FC Flora II
Esiliiga B (3): –
II Liiga (4): Tartu JK Welco Elekter,
III Liiga (5): FCF Järva-Jaani SK, FC Balteco, SK Tääksi, Saaremaa JK aameraaS, Viimsi MRJK
IV Liiga (6): IAFA Estonia, FC Haiba, FC Toompea
Rahvaliiga: FC Smuuli, Kohtla-Nõmme, FC Tartu, JK Väätsa Vald, JK Jalgpallihaigla
Second round
The draw for the second round was made on 14 June.
!colspan="3" align="center"|1 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|2 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|3 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|5 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|9 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|10 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|15 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|16 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|17 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|18 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|20 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|22 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|23 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|24 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|30 July
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|13 August
|}
Notes
Note 1: FC Toompea withdrew from the competition.
Third round
The draw for the third round was made on 18 July.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|7 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|8 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|13 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|15 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|20 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|28 August
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|11 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|22 October
|}
Fourth round
The draw for the fourth round was made on 15 August.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|11 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|25 September
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|5 October
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|16 October
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|12 November
|}
Quarter-finals
The draw was made on 28 February 2014. Levadia got bye to the semi-finals as the eighth quarter-finalist, Tammeka II, was disbanded after the 2013 league season.
Semi-finals
The draw was made on 17 April 2014.
Final
The final was scheduled to be played on 17 May 2014.
See also
2013 Meistriliiga
2013 Esiliiga
2014 Meistriliiga
2014 Esiliiga
References
External links
Official website
Estonian Cup seasons
Cup
Cup
Estonian
"Free the World" is a single by American singer La Toya Jackson. Jackson spent six years in seclusion after divorcing their abusive late ex-husband and manager, Jack Gordon, in 1997. After their years in exile, the September 11th attacks inspired Jackson to write "Free the World". They recorded and performed it for friends, who immediately fell in love with it. This led to the revival of Jackson's 25-year-old music career.
This song led Jackson to begin work on their Startin' Over album, which included "Just Wanna Dance" as the lead single. "Free the World" was released as a follow-up and charted in March 2005. The single peaked at #24 on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play charts.
The song is an appeal to free the world from segregation, discrimination and years of war. VH1 described the ballad as the "most appropriate song for the world." About.com dubbed Jason Randolph's remix a "trippily hypnotic treat" with a "churning rhythm track and mesmerizing synth."
Chart
Track listings
US promotional CD
Extended House Mix
Radio Remix
Dub Mix
Album Version
Original Album Remix
US 12" vinyl #TOY2
"Free The World" (Radio Remix)
"Free The World" (Dub)
"Free The World" (Extended House Mix)
References
2005 singles
La Toya Jackson songs
Pop ballads
2001 songs
Songs written by La Toya Jackson
Music about the September 11 attacks
Monroe County is a county located in the Eastern Pennyroyal Plateau region of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Tompkinsville. The county is named for President James Monroe. It is a prohibition or dry county.
History
Monroe County is the only county of the 3,144 in the United States named for a President where the county seat is named for their Vice-President. The county was formed in 1820; and named for James Monroe the fifth President, author of the Monroe Doctrine. The county seat was named for Daniel Tompkins. They both served from 1817 to 1825.
Confederate Gen. John Hunt Morgan's first Kentucky raid occurred here on July 9, 1862. Morgan's Raiders, coming from Tennessee, attacked Major Thomas J. Jordan's 9th Pennsylvania Cavalry at the USA garrison. Raiders captured 30 Union soldiers and destroyed tents and stores. They took 20 wagons, 50 mules, 40 horses, sugar and coffee supplies. At Glasgow they burned supplies, then went north, raiding 16 other towns before returning to Tennessee.
President Abraham Lincoln's half third cousin, Thomas Lincoln (1780–1844), lived in the Meshack Creek area of present-day Monroe County and served two terms as constable of Cumberland County in 1802 and 1804. In 1810 they left Kentucky and migrated to Ohio and Indiana. In 1799 they married Patsy Gee from Meshack Creek.
Home of the Old Mulkey Meetinghouse State Historic Site. The park features the oldest log meetinghouse in Kentucky, built in 1804 during a period of religious revival. Many Revolutionary War soldiers and pioneers, including Daniel Boone's sister, Hannah, are buried there. The structure has twelve corners in the shape of a cross and three doors, symbolic of the Holy Trinity. The Old Mulkey Church, originally called the Mill Creek Baptist Church, was established by a small band of pioneer Baptists from North and South Carolina and led by Philip Mulkey. The site became part of the park system in 1931.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Barren County (northwest)
Metcalfe County (northeast)
Cumberland County (east)
Clay County, Tennessee (southeast)
Macon County, Tennessee (southwest)
Allen County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,756 people, 4,741 households, and 3,380 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,288 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.57% White, 2.76% Black or African American, 0.13% Native American, 0.01% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.93% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. 1.45% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,741 households, out of which 31.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.40% were married couples living together, 10.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.70% were non-families. 26.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.90% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 27.70% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 15.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 94.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.00 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,356, and the median income for a family was $27,112. Males had a median income of $21,820 versus $17,783 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,365. About 20.00% of families and 23.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.60% of those under age 18 and 30.30% of those age 65 or over. The county has long been a "persistent poverty" county as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission.
Communities
Cities
Fountain Run
Gamaliel
Tompkinsville (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Akersville
Alexander
Boyd
Bugtussle
Center Point
Coon's Foot
Emberton
Flippin
Gum Tree
Hestand
Jeffrey
Lamb
Mount Hermon
Mud Lick
Persimmon
Rockbridge
Stringtown
Sulphur Lick
Vernon
Politics
Located on the overwhelmingly Unionist eastern Pennyroyal, which was too hilly to have large plantations with many slaves, Monroe County was staunchly opposed to secession during the Civil War, and has remained strongly Republican ever since. The last Democrat to carry Monroe County at a Presidential level was George B. McClellan in 1864, and since at least 1896 no Democrat has managed to reach 40 percent of the county's vote. Underlining how Republican the county is, Franklin D. Roosevelt did no better than 38 percent in their four successful bids for president, and actually polled two points lower in 1936 (while winning 46 out of 48 states) than they did in 1932. Lyndon Johnson's 1964 landslide is the last time a Democrat passed 30 percent. However, factional splits among the county's Republicans, beginning in the 1970s, have led to the election of a few Democrats and independents. The county has produced two members of Congress, Tim Lee Carter and James Comer.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County, Kentucky
References
External links
MonroeCounty.KY.gov
Monroe County Online
The Kentucky Highlands Project
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1820 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1820
Castiarina simulata is a species of beetle in the jewel beetle family, Buprestidae, found in Western Australia, South Australia and Victoria.
It was first described by Hippolyte Louis Gory and Francis de Laporte de Castelnau in 1838 as Stigmodera simulata from a specimen found on the Swan River.
Adult beetles are diurnal and feed on the flowers of Myrtaceae. The larvae are wood borers.
References
simulata
Beetles described in 1838
Beetles of Australia
Cercle Sportif Imana, known as CS Imana for short, is a football club in Matadi, Democratic Republic of Congo. In the 2006/2007 season they played in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
References
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Matadi
The Ministry of Justice (, ) is one of the 12 ministries which comprise the Finnish Government. Headed by the Minister of Justice, it is responsible for maintaining the legal safeguards necessary for the successful operation of democracy and fundamental rights of the inhabitants of Finland.
The ministry's budget for 2018 is €940,743,000. It has 261 direct employees.
The drafting of the most central laws, the functioning of the judicial system, and the enforcement of sentences belong to the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Justice. Sentences are enforced by the Criminal Sanctions Agency (, ), which administers the country's imprisonment and rehabilitation system. The Ministry of Justice of Finland might oversee the administration of justice in Åland.
Organization
The Ministry of Justice and its administrative sector are headed by the Minister of Justice, assisted by the Permanent Secretary. The incumbent Minister of Justice is Anna-Maja Henriksson.
The Ministry of Justice has four departments: Department for Democracy and Public Law, Department for Private Law and Administration of Justice, Department for Criminal Policy and Criminal Law, and Department for Administration and Oversight. In addition, there is the Management Support and Core Services, which is outside the departmental division.
Administrative sector
The administrative sector of the ministry consists of the courts, Criminal Sanctions Agency and several other offices and boards (below):
Legal Register Centre
Office of the Bankruptcy Ombudsman
Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman
National Council for Crime Prevention
Safety Investigation Authority
European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control (HEUNI, affiliated with the United Nations)
Office of the Ombudsman for Children
Ombudsman for Equality
Office of the Non-discrimination Ombudsman
Departments
Department for Democracy and Public Law
The Department for Democracy and Public Law is responsible for tasks related to fundamental rights policy, legislation in the field of public law, and implementation of electoral and other participatory rights. The Department promotes equality, good relations between different ethnic groups, and realisation of linguistic rights. It is also responsible for coordinating Saami affairs.
The Department drafts legislation in the fields of constitutional law, administrative law, administrative judicial procedure, data protection, and openness of government activities. The Department is responsible for Åland affairs and expert duties related to EU law.
The Department is also responsible for the performance guidance of the Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman, the Office of the Ombudsman for Children, the Office of the Ombudsman for Equality, and the Office of the Non-Discrimination Ombudsman.
The Department for Democracy and Public Law consists of four units: Democracy and Elections, EU Law and Data Protection, Autonomy and Equality, and Public Law.
Department for Administration and Oversight
The Department for Administration and Oversight is responsible for the operational and financial planning and reporting, consistent performance guidance and development of information management in the administrative branch of the Ministry of Justice. The Department is also responsible for HR matters at the Ministry and for the obligations that the Ministry has in its capacity as an employer in the administrative branch. Furthermore, responsibilities related to data management, data security and data protection at the Ministry belong to the Department.
There are three units in the Department for Administration and Oversight: Human Resources, Oversight, and Information Management. In addition to these, there is a separate function, Assistant Services.
Department for Criminal Policy and Criminal Law
The Department for Criminal Policy and Criminal Law is responsible for planning and developing criminal policy, crime prevention and the criminal sanctions system. The Department drafts legislation in the fields of criminal law and criminal procedural law. It is also responsible for matters related to the position of crime victims and anti-corruption work.
The Department deals with tasks related to the performance guidance of the Criminal Sanctions Agency, the prosecution service and the European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control, affiliated with the United Nations. The Department also receives and processes petitions for pardon.
There are three units in the Department for Criminal Policy and Criminal Law: Crime Prevention and Sanctions, Criminal Law, and Criminal Procedure.
Department for Private Law and Administration of Justice
The Department for Private Law and Administration of Justice is responsible for law drafting in the fields of private law, insolvency law, and judicial procedure in civil and petitionary matters.
The Department is responsible for the performance guidance of the courts, the National Administrative Office for Enforcement, the public legal aid and guardianship districts, the Office of the Bankruptcy Ombudsman, and the Consumer Disputes Board. In addition, the Department is entrusted with certain duties of international judicial assistance. The Department deals with matters related to judicial appointments and the Names Board, among other things.
The Department for Private Law and Administration of Justice consists of five units: International Judicial Assistance, Legal Protection Services, Civil Law, Court Affairs, and Private Law and Insolvency.
Separate units
Management Support and Core Services
The Management Support and Core Services is responsible for developing the strategic preparation carried out by the Ministry's senior management and for developing law drafting within the government. The Management Support and Core Services coordinates international affairs, EU affairs and research at the Ministry and communications both at the Ministry and in the administrative branch. Legal revision and internal audit are also responsibilities of the Management Support and Core Services.
The Management Support and Core Services consists of four units: Management Support, Media and Communications, EU and International Affairs, and Legal Revision and Development of Legislation. Furthermore, the Director of Development and Director of Internal Audit are part of the Management Support and Core Services.
References
External links
Official website of the Ministry of Justice
Judicial system in Finland
Finlex Data Bank
Government of Finland
Justice
Finland
Costa Cordalis (; born Konstantinos Cordalis; 1 May 19442 July 2019) was a Greek-German Schlager singer.
Biography
Born Konstantinos Cordalis in Elateia, Phthiotis, Cordalis moved to Germany in 1960. Their 1976 song "Anita" reached the top ten in Germany, Switzerland and Austria. In 2004, they took part in, and won, the reality television game show Ich bin ein Star – Holt mich hier raus!. In the same year, they admitted that they had a facelift in the Bodenseeklinik because they wanted to look younger. Cordalis competed for Greece in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1985.
They had a son, Lucas, and two daughters, Kiki and Eva.
Awards
1981: Goldene Stimmgabel
1986: Goldene Stimmgabel
References
External links
Official site
1944 births
2019 deaths
German pop singers
Naturalized citizens of Germany
German people of Greek descent
Ich bin ein Star – Holt mich hier raus! winners
Schlager musicians
Greek emigrants to Germany
German emigrants to Spain
Greek male cross-country skiers
Sportspeople from Central Greece
People from Phthiotis
Paul Andrew Flaherty (March 14, 1964 – March 16, 2006) was an American computer scientist. They were a renowned specialist in Internet protocols and the inventor of the AltaVista search engine.
Biography
Flaherty was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They received their bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and mathematics from Marquette University, and their master's degree and PhD in electrical engineering from Stanford University.
They joined Digital Equipment Corporation in 1994 and, as the Associated Press wrote:
They held an amateur radio Extra class license with the call sign N9FZX. Was President, W6YX, Stanford Amateur Radio Club, 1986-1990.
Station Engineer, W6YX, Stanford Amateur Radio Club, 1990-1994.
Started the VHF+ mailing list in 1989.
Married to their Stanford University sweetheart N6YBV (this number refers to their amateur radio call sign).
An avid railfan photographer and past Assistant General Manager of the Niles Canyon Railway.
Member of the Marquette chapter of Triangle Fraternity as an undergrad, where they served as chapter President. They exercised their duties with honor and was well liked within the fraternity.
Member of the Sunnyvale Rod and Gun Club where they enjoyed target shooting and trap shooting.
While a grad student drove a 1979 Z28 Camaro with T-tops.
At age 42, Flaherty died of a heart attack at their home in Belmont, California.
References
1964 births
2006 deaths
Scientists from Milwaukee
Amateur radio people
Marquette University alumni
Stanford University School of Engineering alumni
People from Belmont, California
Digital Equipment Corporation people
Peter Talbot (March 30, 1854 – December 6, 1919) was a Canadian teacher, parliamentarian and Senator.
Early life
Peter Talbot was born in Eramosa, Canada West (now Ontario) on March 30, 1854 to Henry Talbot and Margaret Stewart. They were educated at Rockwood Academy and later Ottawa Normal School (eventually became part of University of Ottawa), where they received their teacher's first-class certificate. Talbot married Clara Card on January 1, 1879. They moved to Fort Macleod, North-West Territories (NWT), in 1890 to teach school. In 1892, they moved to Lacombe, to homestead and raise cattle. Their son, Percy Russell Talbot, was the first Chief Veterinary Inspector for Alberta.
Political life
In 1902 they were elected to the Legislative Assembly of Northwest Territories for Lacombe and served until 1904 as a supporter of the Frederick W. A. G. Haultain government.
In 1904, they were elected to the House of Commons of Canada for the riding of Strathcona as a Liberal. As a Member of Parliament, Talbot was a key figure in Alberta's entrance in Canadian Confederation, advising Laurier on matters, along with Edmonton Liberal Member of Parliament Frank Oliver. Both men were instrumental in assuring Laurier the draft electoral districts for the province were fairly aligned after repeated calls of gerrymandering by southern Albertans. Talbot promoted both Edmonton and Strathcona as the seat of government for the new province of Alberta, going so far to say they would "fight to the finish".
Historian Lewis Thomas argues that Talbot could have been named Alberta's first Premier if they had desired the position. Talbot instead sought a position in the Senate and admitted in letters they did not have the stamina to continue in elected politics, nor the financial resources. Talbot instead recommended Frank Oliver as the first Premier, and after they declined, recommended Alexander Cameron Rutherford to Laurier, who accepted the position. Prior to being named to the Senate, Talbot wrote Rutherford asking that the position of Sheriff of Red Deer be set aside for him.
In 1906, they were appointed to the Senate on the advice of Wilfrid Laurier, representing the senatorial division of the province of Alberta (created 1905 from the North-West Territories).
Talbot was reported ill in December 1919, and died on December 6, 1919 in Lacombe at the age of 65, while serving in the Senate.
References
Works cited
External links
1854 births
1919 deaths
Canadian senators from Alberta
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Liberal Party of Canada senators
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Alberta
Members of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories
People from Wellington County, Ontario
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from the Northwest Territories
Mason County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Maysville. The county was created from Bourbon County, Virginia in 1788 and named for George Mason, a Virginia delegate to the U.S. Constitutional Convention, known as the "Father of the Bill of Rights".
Mason County comprises the Maysville, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Cincinnati-Wilmington-Maysville, OH-KY-IN Combined Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.6%) is water. The county's northern border with Ohio is formed by the Ohio River.
Adjacent counties
Brown County, Ohio (north)
Adams County, Ohio (northeast)
Lewis County (east)
Fleming County (south)
Robertson County (southwest)
Bracken County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,800 people, 6,847 households, and 4,697 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,754 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.88% White, 7.16% Black or African American, 0.15% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.57% from other races, and 0.85% from two or more races. 0.95% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,847 households, out of which 31.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.20% were married couples living together, 11.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.40% were non-families. 27.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 28.50% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 15.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,195, and the median income for a family was $37,257. Males had a median income of $30,718 versus $21,216 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,589. About 12.90% of families and 16.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.60% of those under age 18 and 13.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Dover
Germantown
Maysville
Sardis
Census-designated place
Mays Lick
Other unincorporated places
Fernleaf
Helena
Lewisburg
Minerva
Orangeburg
Shannon
Somo
Weedonia
Politics
Mason County was at the time of the Civil War the easternmost of the strongly secessionist Bluegrass bloc. Mason was in fact the most easterly Kentucky county to be represented at the Russellville Convention of 1861 to discuss the secession of Kentucky from the Union.
Mason County's secessionist sentiment meant that it voted Democratic consistently up until the 1950s, with the exception of the 1928 election when strong local anti-Catholic sentiment against Al Smith allowed Herbert Hoover to carry the county. Since 1996 the county has shifted more strongly Republican in US presidential elections.
Education
Mason County Schools operates public schools.
Schools:
Mason County High School
Mason County Middle School
Mason County Intermediate School
Straub Elementary School
In 1990 the Maysville Independent School District merged into the Mason County school district.
Notable residents
Joshua Bean, first Mayor of San Diego (1850-1851).
Albert Sidney Johnston, Commander of the Army of the Republic of Texas, Secretary of War for Texas, Commander of the Western Department for the Confederacy. Died at the Battle of Shiloh.
Judge Roy Bean, Famous Hanging judge of Texas. (Law West of the Pecos)
Deron Feldhaus, member of "The Unforgettables"
Chris Lofton, Played basketball for the University of Tennessee. 2003 Ky. "Mr. Basketball'
Darius Miller, Played for University of Kentucky Basketball. 2012 NCAA Champion, 2008 Ky. "Mr. Basketball" and plays basketball for the New Orleans Pelicans.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mason County, Kentucky
References
External links
Mason County government's website
Historical Texts and Images of Mason County
Mason County school district's website
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Maysville, Kentucky micropolitan area
1788 establishments in Virginia
Populated places established in 1788
Former counties of Virginia
Maharaja Karni Singh ji (21 April 1924 – 6 September 1988), also known as Dr Karni Singh, was from 1950 the last Maharaja of Bikaner State to hold the title of Maharaja of Bikaner, officially, till 1971, when the privy purse and all the royal titles were abolished by the Republic of India. They were also a politician, serving as a member of the Lok Sabha for twenty-five years, from 1952 to 1977, and an international clay pigeon and skeet champion.
Early life and education
Born as Prince Karni Singh on 21 April 1924 in the princely state of Bikaner, Singh's first schooling was there, after which they attended St Stephen's College, Delhi, and St Xavier's College, Bombay, where they graduated from BA with Honours in History and Politics.
Career
They saw active service in the Second World War, serving in the Middle East with their grandfather, General Sir Ganga Singh, the 23rd Maharaja of Bikaner. Prince Karni succeeded their father, Lieutenant-General Maharaja Sir Sadul Singh, in 1950.
In 1952, the young Maharaja Karni Singh was elected Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha (Lower House) of India from Bikaner constituency as an independent candidate, serving on several consultative committees of different ministries and holding their seat until 1977.
In 1964 they received the degree of Doctor of Philosophy from Bombay University, for their thesis The relationship of the Bikaner royal family with central authority (1465–1949).
They were an ardent supporter of the Rajasthani language and argued for its inclusion in the 14th schedule of the Indian Constitution.
As well as many sports, their interests included photography and painting.
Maharaja Karni Singh attended their last Olympic Games in 1980, and they died on 4 September 1988.
Family
They were the elder son of Maharaja Sadul Singh, and their name was chosen after their (kul devi) deity's name Karni mata. Singh was married to princess Sushila Kumari of Dungarpur on 25 February 1944 and they had one son and two daughters: Narendra Singh, Rajyashree Kumari, and Madhulika Kumari.
Their daughter Princess Rajyashree Kumari was also a first class shooting sportswoman who received the Arjuna Award in 1968.
They were succeeded by their son Narendra Singh, who has 3 daughters: Daksha Kumari, Siddhi Kumari, and Mahima Kumari. Princess Siddhi Kumari is active in today's politics, currently MLA from Bikaner East (Rajasthan).
Sporting career
Singh won the National Championship in Clay Pigeon Trap and Skeet seventeen times and represented India at all levels of international competition. They were the first Indian to compete at five Olympic Games, which they did from 1960 to 1980, missing the Games of 1976, representing India at clay pigeon shooting at the Summer Olympics in Rome, 1960, Tokyo, 1964 (Captain), Mexico, 1968, Munich, 1972, and Moscow, 1980. Their best positions in competition were eighth in 1960 and tenth in 1968.
They represented their country in the World Shooting Championships at Oslo in 1961, and the next year won a silver medal at the 38th World Shooting Championships in Cairo, after tie for 1st place, captaining the Indian team. They also competed in the World Shooting Championships at Wiesbaden in 1966, again captaining the team, and at Bologna in 1967 and San Sebastian in 1969. They competed in the Asian Shooting Championships at Tokyo in 1967 and at Seoul in 1971, where they won a gold medal. They won a silver medal at the Asian Games in Tehran, 1974, and another in the Asian Games at Kuala Lumpur in 1975.
In 1981 they won the Welsh Grand Prix for clay pigeon shooting, the North Wales Cup and the North West of England Cup.
In 1961 they were given the Arjuna award, becoming the first person from the world of shooting to be rewarded with that national honour. They documented their shooting experiences in a book of memoirs called From Rome to Moscow.
Singh was also a keen player of tennis, golf, and cricket, and held a private pilot's licence.
Memberships
Singh was a member of the Asiatic Society of India, the National Sports Club of India, the Cricket Club of India, the Western India Automobile Association, the Bombay Natural History Society, the Bombay Flying Club, the Bombay Presidency Golf Club, the Delhi Golf Club, the Clay Pigeon Shooting Association (of which they were an honorary life vice-president), the Willingdon Sports Club, and the Royal Wimbledon Golf Club.
Legacy
Dr. Karni Singh Shooting Range situated near the historic Tughlaqabad Fort in Delhi was named after him. It was first constructed for the 1982 Asian Games in New Delhi, and later rebuilt for the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Titles
1924–1950: Yuvaraja Sri Sadul Singh Bahadur
1950–1971: Sri Raj Rajeshwar Maharajadhiraj Narendra Maharaja Shiromani Doctor Sri Karni Singh Bahadur (titular)
Honours
Grand Commander of the Order of Vikram Star (Bikaner)
Order of Sadul Star (Bikaner)
Order of Star of Honour (Bikaner)
Africa Star (Second World War campaign medal)
India Service Medal
Arjuna Award, for shooting sports, 1962
See also
List of athletes with the most appearances at Olympic Games
References
External links
Dr. Karni Singh's multi-faceted achievements - Quiz question
1924 births
1988 deaths
Indian male sport shooters
Skeet shooters
Maharajas of Bikaner
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Sport shooters from Rajasthan
Rajasthani people
Trap and double trap shooters
People from Bikaner
Indian sportsperson-politicians
India MPs 1952–1957
India MPs 1957–1962
India MPs 1962–1967
India MPs 1967–1970
India MPs 1971–1977
Indian Army personnel
Olympic shooters of India
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Indian Army personnel of World War II
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1982 Asian Games
Rajasthani politicians
Indian royalty
Independent politicians in India
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Maria Constanze Cäcilia Josepha Johanna Aloysia Mozart (née Weber; 5 January 1762 – 6 March 1842) was a trained Austrian singer. They were married twice, first to Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart; then to Georg Nikolaus von Nissen. They and Mozart had six children: Karl Thomas Mozart, Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart, and four others who died in infancy. They became Mozart's biographer jointly with their second husband.
Early years
Constanze Weber was born in Zell im Wiesental, a town near Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, in the southwest of Germany, then Further Austria. Them mother was Cäcilia Weber, née Stamm. Them father, Fridolin Weber, worked as a "double bass player, prompter, and music copyist." Fridolin's half-brother was the father of composer Carl Maria von Weber. Constanze had two older sisters, Josepha and Aloysia, and one younger one, Sophie. All four were trained as singers and Josepha and Aloysia both went on to distinguished musical careers, later on performing in the premieres of a number of Mozart's works.
During most of Constanze's upbringing, the family lived in their mother's hometown of Mannheim, an important cultural, intellectual and musical center. The 21-year-old Mozart visited Mannheim in 1777 on a job-hunting tour with their mother and developed a close relationship with the Weber family. They fell in love—not with 15-year-old Constanze, but with Aloysia. While they were in Paris, Aloysia obtained a position as a singer in Munich, and the family accompanied them there. They rejected Mozart when they passed through Munich on their way back to Salzburg.
The family moved to Vienna in 1779, again following Aloysia as they pursued their career. One month after their arrival, Fridolin died. By the time Mozart moved to Vienna in 1781, Aloysia had married Joseph Lange, who agreed to help Cäcilia Weber with an annual stipend; they also took in boarders to make ends meet. The house where the Webers lived (on the second floor) was at Am Peter 11, and bore a name (as houses often did at the time): Zum Auge Gottes ("God's Eye").
Marriage to Mozart
On first arriving in Vienna on 16 March 1781, Mozart stayed at the house of the Teutonic Order with the staff of their patron, Archbishop Colloredo. In May, they "was obliged to leave," and chose to board in the Weber household, originally intending "to stay there only a week."
After a while, it became apparent to Cäcilia Weber that Mozart was courting Constanze, now 19, and in the interest of propriety, they requested that they leave. Mozart moved out on 5 September to a third-floor room in the Graben.
The courtship continued, not entirely smoothly. Surviving correspondence indicates that Mozart and Constanze briefly broke up in April 1782, over an episode involving jealousy (Constanze had permitted another young man to measure their calves in a parlor game). Mozart also faced a very difficult task getting permission for the marriage from their father, Leopold.
The marriage finally took place in an atmosphere of crisis. Daniel Heartz suggests that eventually Constanze moved in with Mozart, which would have placed them in disgrace by the mores of the time. Mozart wrote to Leopold on 31 July 1782, "All the good and well-intentioned advice you have sent fails to address the case of a man who has already gone so far with a maiden. Further postponement is out of the question." Heartz relates, "Constanze's sister Sophie had tearfully declared that their mother would send the police after Constanze if they did not return home [presumably from Mozart's apartment]." On 4 August, Mozart wrote to Baroness von Waldstätten, asking: "Can the police here enter anyone's house in this way? Perhaps it is only a ruse of Madame Weber to get their daughter back. If not, I know no better remedy than to marry Constanze tomorrow morning or if possible today."
The marriage did indeed take place that day, 4 August 1782. In the marriage contract, Constanze "assigns to their bridegroom five hundred gulden which [...] the latter has promised to augment with one thousand gulden", with the total "to pass to the survivor". Further, all joint acquisitions during the marriage were to remain the common property of both. A day after the marriage took place, the consent of Wolfgang's father arrived in the mail.
The couple had six children, of whom only two survived infancy.
Raimund Leopold (17 June – 19 August 1783)
Karl Thomas Mozart (21 September 1784 – 31 October 1858)
Johann Thomas Leopold (18 October – 15 November 1786)
Theresia Constanzia Adelheid Friedericke Maria Anna (27 December 1787 – 29 June 1788)
Anna Maria (b/d 16 November 1789)
Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart (26 July 1791 – 29 July 1844)
After Mozart's death
Mozart died in 1791, leaving debts and placing Constanze in a difficult position. At this point Constanze's business skills came into fruition: they obtained a pension from the emperor, organized profitable memorial concerts, and embarked on a campaign to publish the works of their husband. These efforts gradually made Constanze financially secure and ultimately, wealthy. They sent Karl and Franz to Prague to be educated by Franz Xaver Niemetschek, with whom they collaborated on the first full-length biography of Mozart.
Toward the end of 1797, they met Georg Nikolaus von Nissen, a Danish diplomat and writer who, initially, was their tenant. The two began living together in September 1798, and were married in Pressburg (today Bratislava) in 1809. From 1810 to 1820, they lived in Copenhagen, and subsequently travelled throughout Europe, especially Germany and Italy. They settled in Salzburg in 1824. Both worked on a biography of Mozart; Constanze eventually published it in 1828, two years after their second husband's death.
During Constanze's last years in Salzburg, they had the company of their two surviving sisters, Aloysia and Sophie, also widows, who moved to Salzburg and lived out their lives there.
Influences on Mozart's music
Constanze was a trained musician and played a role in their husband's career. Two instances can be given.
The extraordinary writing for soprano solo in the Great Mass in C minor (for example, in the "Christe eleison" section of the Kyrie movement, or the aria "Et incarnatus est") was intended for Constanze, who sang in the 1783 premiere of this work in Salzburg. Maynard Solomon in their Mozart biography speculatively describes the work as a love offering.
During the period of the couple's courtship, Mozart began making visits to Baron Gottfried van Swieten, who let them examine their extensive collection of manuscripts of work by Bach and Handel. Mozart was excited by this material, and they prepared a number of compositions in Baroque style. An important impetus was Constanze, who apparently had fallen in love with Baroque counterpoint. This is known from a letter Mozart wrote to their sister Nannerl on 20 April 1782. The letter was accompanied by a manuscript copy of the composer's Fantasy and Fugue, K. 394.
I composed the fugue first and wrote it down while I was thinking out the prelude. I only hope that you will be able to read it, for it is written so very small; and I hope further that you will like it. Another time I shall send you something better for the clavier. My dear Constanze is really the cause of this fugue's coming into the world. Baron van Swieten, to whom I go every Sunday, gave me all the works of Händel and Sebastian Bach to take home with me (after I had played them to him). When Constanze heard the fugues, they absolutely fell in love with them. Now they will listen to nothing but fugues, and particularly (in this kind of composition) the works of Händel and Bach. Well, as they have often heard me play fugues out of my head, they asked me if I had ever written any down, and when I said I had not, they scolded me roundly for not recording some of my compositions in this most artistically beautiful of all musical forms and never ceased to entreat me until I wrote down a fugue for them
The experience of writing in the Baroque style had an important influence on Mozart's later work in the C Minor Mass as well as in later secular works, such as the last movement of the 41st Symphony or the opera The Magic Flute.
Treatment by biographers
According to the Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians, Constanze has been treated harshly and unfairly by a number of their biographers: "Early 20th-century scholarship severely criticized them as unintelligent, unmusical and even unfaithful, and as a neglectful and unworthy wife to Mozart. Such assessments (still current) were based on no good evidence, were tainted with anti-feminism and were probably wrong on all counts." Complaints about unfairness to Constanze also appear in several recent Mozart biographies: Braunbehrens (1990), Solomon (1995), and Halliwell (1998).
Alleged photograph
Since first being brought to scholarly attention in 1958, numerous media sources and publications have asserted over the years that a single surviving photograph reportedly showing the only known image of Mozart's widow is that of Constanze (Mozart) Nissen themselves at age 78. The photo, or daguerreotype, was supposedly taken in Altötting, Bavaria in October 1840 outside the home of composer Max Keller. However, several Mozart scholars have refuted the claim as false for various reasons. First, the photograph could not have been taken outdoors, since the lenses required to produce such images were not invented by Joseph Petzval until after Constanze had died in 1842. (Nevertheless, the supposed 'first photo of a human being' apparently was taken (outside) in Paris in 1838. Second, it is documented that Constanze was crippled from debilitating arthritis in their final years of life. As Agnes Selby, author of Constanze, Mozart's Beloved, offered their opinion regarding the photograph on the Classical Music Guide Forums website on July 8, 2006: "There is absolutely no way they could have traveled to visit Maximillian Keller during the period when the photograph was taken. Contrary to the statements made in the newspaper, Constanze had no contact with Keller since 1826." Third, author and historian Sean Munger noted that Constanze would have been 78 years of age in 1840; stating that living in that time period was "hard", and Constanze would have looked more like the woman seated to Keller's left: "wizened and ancient with white hair."
Legacy
The Royal Conservatory of Brussels conserves several autograph documents from Constance Mozart, including letters to their son Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart, as well as a small illustrated Album de Souvenirs, dated 1789 but covering the 1801–1823 period in which they collect memories, impressions and poems (ref. Jean-Lucien Hollenfeltz fund, B-Bc-FH-163).
See also
Biographies of Mozart – for Constanze's possible role in launching a variety of biographical myths about their first husband
Johann Traeg – Cliff Eisen's conjecture for how Constanze quickly addressed their financial situation after their husband's death through a quick sale of manuscripts to this local dealer
References
Notes
Sources
Further reading
Braunbehrens, Volkmar (1986) Mozart in Vienna: 1781–1791, Timothy Bell Trans, HarperPerennial.
Carr, Francis (1983) Mozart & Constanze. London: Murray. (1983)
Davenport, Marcia (1932) Mozart, The Chautauqua Press.
Gärtner, Heinz (1991) Constanze Mozart: after the Requiem. Portland: Amadeus Press (1991)
Glover, Jane (2005) Mozart's Women.
Servatius, Viveca, Constanze Mozart. Eine Biographie. Böhlau Verlag 2018.
External links
Website about Constanze Mozart
Constanze Mozart genealogy, Rodovid
1762 births
1842 deaths
18th-century Austrian women opera singers
19th-century Austrian women opera singers
Austrian people of German descent
Constanze
People from Lörrach (district)
Austrian sopranos
Julie Delpy is the debut album by actor/musician Julie Delpy. Delpy wrote and produced all 12 songs on the album.
"A Waltz for a Night", "An Ocean Apart" and "Je t'aime tant" were featured in the film Before Sunset, which starred Delpy and Ethan Hawke.
Track listing
All music and lyrics composed by Julie Delpy; except where indicated
"My Dear Friend" - 3:15
"Mr Unhappy" - 3:22
"Lame Love" (music by Marouan Jamai and Mike Meeker) - 4:09
"Ready to Go" - 4:30
"Je t'aime tant" - 3:51
"Something a Bit Vague" - 3:18
"Black & Gray" - 4:45
"A Waltz for a Night" - 3:30
"She Doesn't Care" - 4:20
"And Together" - 3:41
"An Ocean Apart" - 4:01
"Time to Wake Up" - 3:16
References
2003 debut albums
Julie Delpy albums
Albums produced by Philippe Eidel
A diffusion-limited enzyme catalyses a reaction so efficiently that the rate limiting step is that of substrate diffusion into the active site, or product diffusion out. This is also known as kinetic perfection or catalytic perfection. Since the rate of catalysis of such enzymes is set by the diffusion-controlled reaction, it therefore represents an intrinsic, physical constraint on evolution (a maximum peak height in the fitness landscape). Diffusion limited perfect enzymes are very rare. Most enzymes catalyse their reactions to a rate that is 1,000-10,000 times slower than this limit. This is due to both the chemical limitations of difficult reactions, and the evolutionary limitations that such high reaction rates do not confer any extra fitness.
History
The theory of diffusion-controlled reaction was originally utilized by R.A. Alberty, Gordon Hammes, and Manfred Eigen to estimate the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction. According to their estimation, the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction was 109 M−1 s−1.
In 1972, it was observed that in the dehydration of H2CO3 catalyzed by carbonic anhydrase, the second-order rate constant obtained experimentally was about 1.5 × 1010 M−1 s−1, which was one order of magnitude higher than the upper limit estimated by Alberty, Hammes, and Eigen based on a simplified model.
To address such a paradox, Kuo-Chen Chou and their co-workers proposed a model by taking into account the spatial factor and force field factor between the enzyme and its substrate and found that the upper limit could reach 1010 M−1 s−1, and can be used to explain some surprisingly high reaction rates in molecular biology.
The new upper limit found by Chou et al. for enzyme-substrate reaction was further discussed and analyzed by a series of follow-up studies.
A detailed comparison between the simplified Alberty-Hammes-Eigen's model (a) and the Chou's model (b) in calculating the diffusion-controlled reaction rate of enzyme with its substrate, or the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction, was elaborated in the paper.
Mechanism
Kinetically perfect enzymes have a specificity constant, kcat/Km, on the order of 108 to 109 M−1 s−1. The rate of the enzyme-catalysed reaction is limited by diffusion and so the enzyme 'processes' the substrate well before it encounters another molecule.
Some enzymes operate with kinetics which are faster than diffusion rates, which would seem to be impossible. Several mechanisms have been invoked to explain this phenomenon. Some proteins are believed to accelerate catalysis by drawing their substrate in and preorienting them by using dipolar electric fields. Some invoke a quantum-mechanical tunneling explanation whereby a proton or an electron can tunnel through activation barriers. If the proton tunneling theory remained a controversial idea, it has been proven to be the only possible mechanism in the case of the soybean lipoxygenase.
Evolution
It is worth noting that there are not many kinetically perfect enzymes. This can be explained in terms of natural selection. An increase in catalytic speed may be favoured as it could confer some advantage to the organism. However, when the catalytic speed outstrips diffusion speed (i.e. substrates entering and leaving the active site, and also encountering substrates) there is no more advantage to increase the speed even further. The diffusion limit represents an absolute physical constraint on evolution. Increasing the catalytic speed past the diffusion speed will not aid the organism in any way and so represents a global maximum in a fitness landscape. Therefore, these perfect enzymes must have come about by 'lucky' random mutation which happened to spread, or because the faster speed was once useful as part of a different reaction in the enzyme's ancestry.
Examples
Acetylcholinesterase
β-lactamase
Catalase
Carbonic anhydrase
Carbon monoxide dehydrogenase
Cytochrome c peroxidase
Fumarase
Superoxide dismutase
Triosephosphate isomerase
See also
Diffusion-controlled reaction
Enzyme
Enzyme catalysis
Enzyme kinetics
Enzyme engineering
References
Catalysis
Enzyme kinetics
Chemical reaction engineering
Ashley is a hamlet in the large civil parish of Bentworth in the East Hampshire district of Hampshire, England. Its nearest town is Alton, which lies approximately 4.3 miles (6.9 km) to the east.
Its nearest railway station was on the Basingstoke and Alton Light Railway, until its closure in 1932. The nearest station is now east of the village, at Alton.
References
Villages in Hampshire
Rusenii may refer to several places in Romania:
Rusenii Noi, a village in Holboca Commune, Iaşi County
Rusenii Răzeşti and Rusenii de Sus, villages in Plopana Commune, Bacău County
Josh Winder (born October 11, 1996) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball (MLB).
High school and college
Winder attended James River High School in Midlothian, Virginia and played college baseball at the Virginia Military Institute.
Professional career
They were drafted by the Minnesota Twins in the seventh round of the 2018 Major League Baseball draft.
Winder made their professional debut with the Elizabethton Twins and played 2019 with the Cedar Rapids Kernels. They did not play a minor league game in 2020 since the season was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Winder started 2021 with the Wichita Wind Surge and was promoted to the St. Paul Saints during the season. In June 2021, Winder was selected to play in the All-Star Futures Game. Over 14 starts between the two teams, Winder went 4–0 with a 2.63 ERA and 80 strikeouts over 72 innings. Winder was selected to the 40-man roster following the season on November 19, 2021.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Baseball players from Richmond, Virginia
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minnesota Twins players
VMI Keydets baseball players
Elizabethton Twins players
Cedar Rapids Kernels players
Wichita Wind Surge players
St. Paul Saints players
BT MyPlace is a service that dynamically delivers content and information to people, based on their personal preferences and location. The location-based service is available over BT's outdoor Wi-Fi network in central London and the West End. It uses the BT Openzone outdoor Wi-Fi network in Westminster.
The service provides residents, visitors and commuters with information on facilities and entertainment in the Westminster borough, and well as travel and residential from www.transportdirect.info and www.Westminster.gov.uk.
Content is divided into discrete sections of entertainment, such as Nights Out, Tourist Day and City Weekend. This content is provided by a number of sources including Time Out, LoveTheatre, Kodak, Top Table, Discovery Audio LondonPass and audible.co.uk.
Once registered to the service, individuals can personalize the site to remember preferences, such as types of food and styles of music. The site then sends the user recommendations based on their preferences and search criteria – for example restaurants, museums and theatres.
The technology behind the BT MyPlace service was developed by iome
Backing BT MyPlace is a joint venture by Westminster City Council and BT, Intel, Cisco and iome. The service is free but supported financially by advertising.
Sources
http://www.btmyplace.com
http://www.thisislondon.co.uk/standard/article-23633385-details/article.do?ito=newsnow&
http://www.webuser.co.uk/news/news.php?id=276269
http://www.ispreview.co.uk/news/EkFFyyZVVyIbfkllXn.html
http://www.pocket-lint.co.uk/news/news.phtml/21958/22982/bt-myplace-pocket-concierge-service.phtml
http://www.computerweekly.com/Articles/2009/02/03/234578/bt-openzone-gives-londoners-location-based-info.htm
http://www.pcadvisor.co.uk/news/index.cfm?newsid=110375&
http://www.sourcewire.com/releases/rel_display.php?relid=LmXEL
http://www.pcw.co.uk/personal-computer-world/news/2235632/bt-offers-free-info-london-west
http://www.mobile-ent.biz/news/32497/Localised-wi-fi-content-service-for-Londoners
http://www.telecompaper.com/news/article.aspx?cid=656192
http://www.computing.co.uk/computing/news/2235645/west-visitors-free-wi
http://ecommerce-journal.com/news/12904_bt_presents_first_free_personal_wi_fi_service_in_london
BT Group
Location-based software
Wi-Fi
Puberty Blues (novel), is a 1979 novel by the Australian writers Gabrielle Carey and Kathy Lette.
Puberty Blues may also refer to:
Puberty Blues, a 1981 film based on the novel.
"Puberty Blues" (song), a song written by Tim Finn and recorded by Jenny Morris for the 1981 Australian film.
Puberty Blues (TV series), an Australian drama television series
Transurethral incision of the prostate (TUIP or TIP) is a surgical procedure for treating prostate gland enlargement (benign prostatic hyperplasia).
Benefits
Transurethral incision of the prostate-—one or two small cuts in the prostate gland—can improve urine flow and correct other problems related to an enlarged prostate.
Indications
Compared with other surgical procedures for prostate gland enlargement, TUIP is simpler and generally has fewer complications. However, TUIP can only be used when the prostate is relatively small.
See also
Transurethral needle ablation of the prostate
Prostatectomy
Prostatic stent
TURP
References
External links
Mayo Clinic description
Male genital surgery
Prostatic procedures
is a neighborhood in Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan.
It is a former ward (四谷区 Yotsuya-ku) in the now-defunct Tokyo City. In 1947, when the 35 wards of Tokyo were reorganized into 23, it was merged with Ushigome ward of Tokyo City and Yodobashi suburban ward of Tokyo-fu to form the modern Shinjuku ward.
Geography
Yotsuya is located in the southeastern part of Shinjuku. Prior to 1943, when Tokyo was still a city, Yotsuya was one of its wards and had definite boundaries, but it is less clearly defined today. Yotsuya is generally defined as coinciding with the jurisdiction of the Shinjuku City Yotsuya Branch Office and the Yotsuya Police Station, which includes most of Shinjuku east of Meiji-dōri and south of Yasukuni-dōri. To the east lies the neighborhoods of Banchō in Chiyoda.
For addressing purposes, the name Yotsuya is used for a part of Shinjuku located immediately west of Yotsuya Station; it is divided into four chōme.
History
Before the growth of Edo, Yotsuya was a farming village outside the city. In 1634, with the digging of the outer moat around Edo Castle, many temples and shrines moved to Yotsuya. The moat had stone walls, and a mitsuke, or watch tower, was also built. Yotsuya Mitsuke stood near the present-day Yotsuya Station.
The relocation of the temples and construction of the mitsuke brought settlements of workers, and following the devastating Meireki fire, many more people moved to Yotsuya, which had been spared. Gradually the area became part of the city of Edo.
In 1695, the shōgun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi ordered the establishment of a vast kennel. The purpose was to board stray dogs as part of their policy of showing mercy to animals. The facility outside the Yotsuya Gate occupied .
Yotsuya developed rapidly due to its central location. In 1894, the Kōbu Railway, predecessor of the present-day Chūō Line, extended its existing railway line between Shinjuku and Tachikawa to Ushigome and opened Yotsuya and Shinanomachi stations. The railway enabled the easy transport of raw materials into the area; soon, pencil, tobacco and other industries moved in and began Yotsuya's rapid industrial development.
Culture
Many historic temples and graves are located in Yotsuya. Among them are Sainen-ji, where the grave of the ninja Hattori Hanzō and their lance are interred.
The Korea Center is located in Yotsuya, and the Korea Education Institution (, ), affiliated with the Embassy of South Korea, is inside.
Famous persons
Prime Minister Saito Makoto lived in Yotsuya. They were assassinated at their home on February 26, 1936. This was one of the events of the February 26 Incident.
Other famous residents, past and present, include:
Futabatei Shimei, author
San'yūtei Enchō, writer and rakugoka
Yotsuya in fiction
Yotsuya has figured prominently in various works of fiction. The kabuki play Yotsuya Kaidan took place there, as did the novel Teisō Mondō by Kan Kikuchi. Yotsuya was the setting for the Shōtarō Ikenami historical novel Kenkaku Shōbai and the jidaigeki television series based on it. It was also featured in the novel Norwegian Wood by Haruki Murakami.
References
External links
Shinjuku City official site
Shinjuku City - Yotsuya Branch Office
Neighborhoods of Tokyo
Shinjuku
Urotrygon aspidura or the spiny-tail round ray or Panamic stingray is a stingray species native to the Eastern central and southeast Pacific and southern Baja and the Gulf of California. It can grow up to 42 cm. They are severely threatened by shrimp fisheries.
References
aspidura
Fish described in 1882
Debian releases do not follow a fixed schedule. Recent releases have been made roughly biennially by the Debian Project.
Debian always has at least three release branches active at any time: "stable", "testing" and "unstable". The stable release is the most recent and up-to-date version of Debian. The testing release contains packages that have been tested from unstable. Testing has significantly more up-to-date packages than stable and is a close version of the future release candidate for stable. The unstable release (also known as sid) is the release where active development takes place. It is the most volatile version of Debian.
When the Debian stable branch is replaced with a newer release, the current stable becomes an "oldstable" release. When the Debian stable branch is replaced again, the oldstable release becomes the "oldoldstable" release. Oldoldstable is eventually moved to the archived releases repository.
The most recent version of Debian is Debian version 11, codename "Bullseye". The next up and coming release of Debian is Debian 12 codename "Bookworm".
Naming convention
Debian distribution codenames are based on the names of characters from the Toy Story films. Debian's unstable trunk is named after Sid, a character who regularly destroyed their toys.
Release history
Debian 1.0 was never released, as a vendor accidentally shipped a development release with that version number. The package management system dpkg and its front-end dselect were developed and implemented on Debian in a previous release. A transition from the a.out binary format to the ELF binary format had already begun before the planned 1.0 release. The only supported architecture was Intel 80386 (i386).
Debian 1.1 (Buzz)
Debian 1.1 (Buzz), released 17 June 1996, contained 474 packages. Debian had fully transitioned to the ELF binary format and used Linux kernel 2.0.
Debian 1.2 (Rex)
Debian 1.2 (Rex), released 12 December 1996, contained 848 packages maintained by 120 developers.
Debian 1.3 (Bo)
Debian 1.3 (Bo), released 5 June 1997, contained 974 packages maintained by 200 developers.
Point releases:
1.3.1 ()
1.3.1r1 (Release date unknown)
1.3.1r2 (Release date unknown)
1.3.1r3 (Release date unknown)
1.3.1r4 (Release date unknown)
1.3.1r5 (Release date unknown)
1.3.1r6 ()
Debian 2.0 (Hamm)
Debian 2.0 (Hamm), released 24 July 1998, contained over 1,500 packages maintained by over 400 developers. A transition was made to libc6 and Debian was ported to the Motorola 68000 series (m68k) architectures.
Point releases:
2.0r1 ()
2.0r2 ()
2.0r3 ()
2.0r4 ()
2.0r5 ()
Debian 2.1 (Slink)
Debian 2.1 (Slink), released 9 March 1999, contained about 2,250 packages. The front-end APT was introduced for the package management system and Debian was ported to Alpha and SPARC.
Point releases:
2.1r1 (Possibly never released)
2.1r2 ()
2.1r3 ()
2.1r4 ()
2.1r5 ()
Debian 2.2 (Potato)
Debian 2.2 (Potato), released 14–15 August 2000, contained 2,600 packages maintained by more than 450 developers. New packages included the display manager GDM, the directory service OpenLDAP, the security software OpenSSH and the mail transfer agent Postfix. Debian was ported to the PowerPC and ARM architectures.
Point releases:
2.2r1 ()
2.2r2 ()
2.2r3 ()
2.2r4 ()
2.2r5 ()
2.2r6 ()
2.2r7 ()
Debian 3.0 (Woody)
Debian 3.0 (Woody), released 19 July 2002, contained around 8,500 packages maintained by more than 900 developers. KDE was introduced and Debian was ported to the following architectures: IA-64, PA-RISC (hppa), mips and mipsel and IBM ESA/390 (s390).
Point releases:
3.0r1 ()
3.0r2 ()
3.0r3 ()
3.0r4 ()
3.0r5 ()
3.0r6 ()
Debian 3.1 (Sarge)
Debian 3.1 (Sarge), released 6 June 2005, contained around 15,400 packages. debian-installer and OpenOffice.org were introduced.
Point releases:
3.1r1 ()
3.1r2 ()
3.1r3 ()
3.1r4 ()
3.1r5 ()
3.1r6 ()
3.1r7 ()
3.1r8 () this is the final update for codename Sarge.
Debian 4.0 (Etch)
Debian 4.0 (Etch), released 8 April 2007, contained around 18,000 packages maintained by more than 1,030 developers. Debian was ported to x86-64 (amd64) and support for the Motorola 68000 series (m68k) architecture was dropped. This version introduced utf-8 and udev device management by default.
Point releases:
4.0r1 ()
4.0r2 ()
4.0r3 ()
4.0r4 ()
4.0r5 ()
4.0r6 ()
4.0r7 ()
4.0r8 ()
4.0r9 () this is the final update for codename Etch
Debian 5.0 (Lenny)
Debian 5.0 (Lenny), released 14 February 2009, contained more than 23,000 packages. Debian was ported to the ARM EABI (armel) architecture.
Point releases:
5.0.1 ()
5.0.2 ()
5.0.3 ()
5.0.4 ()
5.0.5 ()
5.0.6 ()
5.0.7 ()
5.0.8 ()
5.0.9 ()
5.0.10 () this is the final update for codename Lenny.
Debian 6.0 (Squeeze)
Debian 6.0 (Squeeze), released 6 February 2011, contained more than 29,000 packages. The default Linux kernel included was deblobbed beginning with this release. The web browser Chromium was introduced and Debian was ported to the kfreebsd-i386 and kfreebsd-amd64 architectures (while that port was later discontinued), and support for the Intel 486, Alpha, and PA-RISC (hppa) architectures was dropped.
Squeeze was the first release of Debian in which non-free firmware components (aka "binary blobs") were excluded from the "main" repository as a matter of policy.
Point releases:
6.0.1 ()
6.0.2 ()
6.0.3 ()
6.0.4 ()
6.0.5 ()
6.0.6 ()
6.0.7 ()
6.0.8 ()
6.0.9 ()
6.0.10 () this is the final update for codename Squeeze.
Squeeze long term support reaches end-of-life ()
Debian 7 (Wheezy)
Debian 7 (Wheezy), released 4 May 2013, contained more than 36,000 packages. Support for UEFI was added and Debian was ported to the armhf and IBM ESA/390 (s390x) architectures.
Point releases:
7.1 ()
7.2 ()
7.3 ()
7.4 ()
7.5 ()
7.6 ()
7.7 ()
7.8 ()
Debian 8.0 codename Jessie releases, Wheezy becomes oldstable ()
7.9 ()
7.10 ()
7.11 () this is the final update for codename Wheezy.
Debian 9.0 codename Stretch releases, Wheezy becomes oldoldstable ()
Wheezy long term support reached end-of-life ()
Wheezy extended long term support reached end-of-life ().
Debian 8 (Jessie)
Debian 8 (Jessie), released 25 April 2015, contained more than 43,000 packages, with systemd installed by default instead of init. (sysvinit and upstart packages are provided as alternatives.) Debian was ported to the ARM64 and ppc64le architectures, while support for the IA-64, kfreebsd-amd64 and kfreebsd-i386, IBM ESA/390 (s390) (only the 31-bit variant; the newer 64-bit s390x was retained) and SPARC architectures were dropped.
Long term support ended June 2020.
Point releases:
8.1 ()
8.2 ()
8.3 ()
8.4 ()
8.5 ()
8.6 ()
8.7 ()
8.8 ()
Debian 9.0 codename Stretch releases, Jessie becomes oldstable ()
8.9 ()
8.10 ()
Regular security support updates have been discontinued ()
8.11 () this is the final update for codename Jessie.
Debian 10.0 codename Buster releases, Jessie becomes oldoldstable ()
Jessie long term support reaches end-of-life ()
Jessie extended long term support reaches end-of-life ()
Debian 9 (Stretch)
Debian 9 (Stretch) was released on 17 June 2017, two years and two months after Debian 8.0, and contained more than 51,000 packages. The final minor update, called a "point release", is version 9.13, released on . Major upgrades include the Linux kernel going from version 3.16 to 4.9, GNOME desktop version going from 3.14 to 3.22, KDE Plasma 4 was upgraded to Plasma 5, LibreOffice 4.3 upgraded to 5.2 and Qt upgraded from 4.8 to 5.7. LXQt has been added as well.
The Intel i586 (Pentium), i586/i686 hybrid and PowerPC architectures are no longer supported as of Stretch.
Point releases:
9.1 ()
9.2 ()
9.3 ()
9.4 ()
9.5 ()
9.6 ()
9.7 ()
9.8 ()
9.9 ()
Stretch becomes oldstable, Buster becomes stable release ()
9.10 ()
9.11 ()
9.12 ()
9.13 () this is the final update for codename Stretch.
Stretch long term support reaches end-of-life ()
Stretch extended long term support reaches end-of-life ()
Debian 10 (Buster)
Debian 10 (Buster) was released on . It was two years and a month after Debian 9 (Stretch). Debian 10 contains 57,703 packages, supports UEFI Secure Boot, has AppArmor enabled by default, uses LUKS2 as the default LUKS format, and uses Wayland for GNOME by default.
Debian 10 ships with Linux kernel version 4.19. Available desktops include Cinnamon 3.8, GNOME 3.30, KDE Plasma 5.14, LXDE 0.99.2, LXQt 0.14, MATE 1.20, Xfce 4.12. Key application software includes LibreOffice 6.1 for office productivity, VLC 3.0 for media viewing, and Firefox ESR for web browsing.
Point releases:
10.1 ()
10.2 ()
10.3 ()
10.4 ()
10.5 ()
10.6 ()
10.7 ()
10.8 ()
10.9 ()
10.10 ()
Buster becomes oldstable, Bullseye is the current stable release ()
10.11 ()
10.12 ()
10.13 () this is the final update for codename Buster
Debian 11 (Bullseye)
Debian 11 (Bullseye) was released on 14 August 2021. It is based on the Linux 5.10 LTS kernel and will be supported for five years.
On 12 November 2020, it was announced that "Homeworld", by Juliette Taka, will be the default theme for Debian 11, after winning a public poll held with eighteen choices.
Bullseye dropped the remaining Qt4/KDE 4 libraries and Python 2.
and shipped with Qt 5.15 KDE Plasma 5.20. Available desktops include Gnome 3.38, KDE Plasma 5.20, LXDE 11, LXQt 0.16, MATE 1.24, and Xfce 4.16.
Bullseye does not support the older big-endian 32-bit MIPS architectures. This is not to be confused with the more common i386 32-bit architecture which is still supported.
The first of the code freezes, readying Debian 11 for release, began on 12 January 2021.
Development freeze timetable:
January 12, 2021: transition freeze
February 12, 2021: soft freeze
March 12, 2021: hard freeze
July 17, 2021: full freeze
August 14, 2021: release
Point releases:
11.1 ()
11.2 ()
11.3 ()
11.4 ()
11.5 ()
Debian 12 (Bookworm)
Debian 12 (Bookworm) is the current testing release of Debian and is the next release candidate for Debian.
Debian 12 is expected to have link-time optimization (LTO) enabled by default.
Debian 12 might reduce focus on i386 support, though this has yet to be determined.
Release table
When a release transitions to long-term support phase (LTS-phase), security is no longer handled by the main Debian security team. Only a subset of Debian architectures are eligible for Long Term Support, and there is no support for packages in backports.
Release timeline
Port timeline
Many of past architectures, plus some that have not yet achieved release status, are available from the debian-ports repository.
See also
Summary of Debian version history
Ubuntu version history
Linux Mint version history
References
External links
Debian Releases at Debian Wiki
Debian Releases at debian.org
Debian
Lists of operating systems
Software version histories
