Homer F. Curran (1885–1952) was an American theatrical producer on the West Coast of the United States during the first half of the 20th century. Born in Springfield, Missouri, they were educated at Stanford University. After graduating, they purchased and operated the Cort Theatre in San Francisco and temporarily changed its name to the Curran Theatre. In 1921, construction began on a new theatre which opened in 1922 as the Curran Theatre. This is the same theatre that operates under that name today. In 1939 they founded the San Francisco Light Opera Company which for many years worked in partnership with the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera. Throughout their years operating the Curran Theatre, they also established partnerships with the Shubert Organization as well as the Theatre Guild. They notably co-authored the books for the operetta Song of Norway and the musical Magdalena: a Musical Adventure.
1885 births
1952 deaths
American theatre managers and producers
Stanford University alumni
People from Springfield, Missouri
The Mystical Flame () is a 1903 French short silent film by Georges Méliès. It was sold by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 472 in its catalogues.
Plot
A magician enters in front of an elaborate stage backdrop in forced perspective, and starts doing tricks with a magically expanding handkerchief. Out of it comes a servant in livery, who helps the magician set up draperies and a pedestal. From the pedestal comes a large flame, which, fanned, becomes a woman. As the servant is admiring the woman, they disappear. The magician returns, chases the servant off, but then themselves disappears as they sit down. Their chair begins rolling away of its own accord before the magician's triumphant reappearance. They make the servant vanish in a puff of smoke, and dances away merrily.
Production
Méliès plays the magician in the film, which uses substitution splices, multiple exposures, and dissolves for its illusions. Méliès reused the backdrop in their film The Witch's Revenge, made soon after.
References
External links
French black-and-white films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
French silent short films
Tejedor is a Spanish occupational surname meaning "weaver". It may refer to:
Ángela Molina Tejedor (b. 1955), Spanish actor
Carlos Tejedor (politician) (1817–1903), Argentine jurist and politician
Francisco Tejedor (b. 1966), Colombian boxer
Ernesto Valverde Tejedor, Spanish manager
Luis Herrero-Tejedor Algar (b. 1955), Spanish politician
Marta Tejedor (b. 1968), Spanish football coach
Mónica Molina Tejedor (b. 1968), Spanish actor
Ramón Tejedor (b. 1955), Spanish politician
Romnick Sarmenta Tejedor (b. 1972), Filipino actor
See also
Carlos Tejedor (disambiguation)
Tejedor (band)
Tejedor top shell
Spanish-language surnames
AS Aigle Rouge is a football club in Isiro, Democratic Republic of Congo. They play in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Isiro
Trifolium occidentale, the western clover, is a clover plant belonging to the genus Trifolium in the legume family, Fabaceae. Its flowers are white, similar to white clover (Trifolium repens), with which it has long been confused. This species lives almost exclusively in sand dunes and sea cliffs on the Atlantic coast of Europe, especially Cornwall and the Channel Islands. The species was first described in 1961 by Dr David E Coombe of Cambridge University.
Distribution and habitat
Trifolium occidentale is a "self-compatible, diploid, stoloniferous" perennial herb, found only within 100 metres of the coast, in western Europe. It inhabits sandy dunes, including dune and dry short coastal grasslands and sea cliffs, especially around rock outcrops. Its range extends from the east coast of Ireland and the southern British Isles such as Cornwall, the Channel Islands and Isle of Scilly in particular, to the northwest of the Iberian Peninsula, although much less common. In France, it is found on the shores of the Armorican Massif and Normandy and Brittany. It was discovered in Ireland in June 1979 and in Wales in 1987. In Ireland it is found "at intervals along the coast from Skerries in north County Dublin to Forlorn Point, County Wexford. It is most common on the Cornish coast. It closely resembles the white clover but appears earlier in the season and is more compact, and the leaves are more opaque, often a blue-green.
References
occidentale
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1961
The 1921 Saskatchewan general election was held on June 9, 1921, to elect members of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.
The Liberal Party of Saskatchewan of Premier William M. Martin was re-elected – although with a diminished share of the popular vote, and a reduced caucus in the legislature.
The opposition Conservative Party – led by Donald McLean – fractured: it nominated only seven candidates, and won only two seats. Its share of the popular vote fell from about 36% to less than 4%.
It appears that many Conservatives ran as independents or Independent Conservatives. These two groups won over 29% of the vote, and voters elected a total of eight Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLAs) under these banners.
The Progressive Party of Saskatchewan made its first appearance, winning six of the seven ridings that it contested.
Results
Note: * Party did not nominate candidates in previous election.
Percentages
Members of the Legislative Assembly elected
For complete electoral history, see individual districts
August 9, 1921
Note: George Langley was acclaimed on August 9, 1921 as no other candidate stepped forward during the election.
See also
List of Saskatchewan political parties
List of Saskatchewan provincial electoral districts
References
Saskatchewan Archives Board – Election Results By Electoral Division
Elections Saskatchewan - Provincial Vote Summaries
Further reading
1921 elections in Canada
1921 in Saskatchewan
1921
June 1921 events
Neocalyptis tricensa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam, India and Taiwan.
References
Moths described in 1912
Neocalyptis
With the outbreak of hostilities in the Caucasus as part of World war I, Azerbaijan was also involved in the war, being part of the Russian Empire. Baku oil was of particular importance.
Socio-economic situation
By the beginning of the war, the population of Baku was over 215 thousand people, of which 36% were Russians, 34% were Azerbaijanis, 19% were Armenians, and 4.5% were Jews.
In August 1914, the provincial Committee for assistance to war victims was established in Baku. The Baku city Council provided material assistance to the families of the soldiers. In December of the same year, the Caucasus Committee was established to provide assistance to refugees.
From February 14 to 18, 1916, women protested in the city against the increase in food prices.
In 1917, oil production in Baku was 382 thousand tons, that is, more than 15% of world production In the spring of 1918, approximately 1,280,000 tons of oil were shipped from Baku to Russia.
Number of oil wells
There were a lot of various committees functioning in Baku during the WWI: Oil Committee, Tank Distribution Committee, Kerosene Committee, etc. The number of large machine-building plants reached.
On September 10, 1918, the currency named "Baku bona" appeared.
Military-political situation
In 1915, military units were stationed on the territory of Baku
On November 2, 1917, at the conference of the Baku Soviet, it was decided to establish Soviet power in Baku. Earlier, the headquarters of the Military Revolutionary Committee headed by Korganov was moved to the city.
In February 1918, the Transcaucasian Sejm was established
As a result of the March 1918 genocide committed by the Armenian-Bolshevik armed groups, more than 12 thousand Azerbaijanis were killed in Baku. The Muslim quarters "Mammadli" and "Kirpichhana", public buildings, mosques, etc. were destroyed.
On April 20, 1918, the Baku City Duma, headed by Fatali Khan Khoysky, was dissolved. The activities of national councils and the press were banned.
In the same year, on April 25, the Baku Council of People's Commissars was established, which included only three Azerbaijanis. The former authorities were replaced by new ones: the workers'-and-peasants' militia, the Military Tribunal, the extraordinary Committee for combating counter-revolution, the city, circuit, and district people's courts, and so on. The oil industry and the Caspian Merchant Fleet were nationalized.
On July 31, 1918, the Baku Council of People's Commissars ceased to exist. From August 1 to September 1 of the same year, an English corps headed by General Dunsterville remained in Baku. A coalition government called “Dictatorship of the Central Caspian” was established.
The battles for Baku that began in August ended with the liberation of the city by the Caucasian Islamic army on September 15, 1918.
On September 17, 1918, the national government of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Ganja was transferred to Baku.
National liberation movement
In the spring of 1916, at the initiative of the bolsheviks, “Adalat” (“Justice”) organization was established in Baku to assist workers from southern Azerbaijan.
On March 17, 1917, the Executive Committee of public organizations was established in the city, which was the local authority of the Provisional government.
In addition to political parties, there were Muslim national councils in Azerbaijan, the most popular of which was the Baku Muslim National Council.
On April 15–20, 1917, a Congress of Muslims of the Caucasus was held in Baku. The main slogan of the Congress was the desire to unite all Muslims in Russia. As a result of the merger of two political parties: "Musavat" and "Turkic Federalist Party", a single "Turkic Federalist Party Musavat" was created.
The national liberation movement in Northern Azerbaijan, centered in Baku, ended with the restoration of national statehood represented by Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (ADR) in 1918.
Culture
In 1914–1915, a weekly satirical magazine "Mezeli" ("Funny") was published in Baku in the Azerbaijani language. For all time, 42 issues were published.
In 1915, the leader of the Musavat party, M. E. Rasulzade, launched the publication of the daily Turkic newspaper “Achig soz".
In 1916, teachers' seminaries were opened in Baku.
In August 1918, special pedagogical courses were opened to train qualified personnel.
The Azerbaijani State Theater under the direction of Huseyn Arablinsky was functioning in that period.
See also
Battle of Baku
Azerbaijan in World War II
References
History of Baku
Wars involving Azerbaijan
Zawadówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
Geography
It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Jack C. Davis Observatory is an astronomical observatory at Western Nevada College in Carson City, Nevada. The facility has three telescopes: two reflecting telescopes and one reflector. One telescope is equipped with a spectrograph. Outside the building, a refractor has been installed under a robotic dome and is used for studying sunspots. All of the telescopes are equipped with cameras, and are connected to the Internet so large groups can access images from remote locations.
A Campbell Scientific research-grade weather station is installed outside the observatory. The solar-powered instrument collects weather data and sends it to the Desert Research Institute in Reno, Nevada for analysis and on-line publication. The Planetary Walkway connects the main campus with the observatory. Lining the walkway are massive sandstone monuments created by artistic inmates from the Nevada State Prison at the prison's old quarry. The stones feature carved images of the planets, along with information about the planet and a dedication to the donors.
The Western Nevada Astronomical Society is an observing group affiliated with Western Nevada College and the Jack C. Davis Observatory. The WNAS is dedicated to supporting the astronomical community through education, social functions, and service.
See also
List of observatories
References
External links
Jack C. Davis Observatory
Western Nevada College
Western Nevada Astronomical Society
Davis
Buildings and structures in Carson City, Nevada
Tourist attractions in Carson City, Nevada
Education in Carson City, Nevada
Tocomar is a Pleistocene volcano in the Jujuy Province, Argentina. It is part of the Andean Volcanic Belt, more specifically to its sub-belt the Central Volcanic Zone. The Central Volcanic Zone consists of about 44 active volcanoes and large calderas of the Altiplano-Puna volcanic complex. Volcanism there is caused by the subduction of the Nazca Plate beneath the South America Plate in the Peru-Chile Trench. At Tocomar, volcanism is further influenced by a large fault zone, the Calama-Olacapato-El Toro fault, which runs diagonally across the volcanic arc.
Tocomar has generated several pyroclastic flows during the Pleistocene as well as phreatic-phreatomagmatic activity, and a magma chamber may still exist beneath the volcano. Hot springs are found at the volcanic centre and have been prospected for the generation of geothermal power; the water discharged by the springs eventually forms the Tocomar river. Wetlands are found in the area. Other than this, Tocomar was used as a source of obsidian in antiquity and more recently as a candidate site for a gamma ray observatory and as a mine.
Geography and geomorphology
Tocomar lies in northwestern Argentina, away from the town of San Antonio de los Cobres in the Jujuy Province and in proximity to the border with the Salta Province farther south. The area is part of the Puna, a high plateau of the Andes which formed starting in the Eocene and whose margins are formed by the Eastern Cordillera and the volcanic Western Cordillera. The Salta-Antofagasta railway and pass close to the volcanic field.
Tocomar is located at elevation within a northwestward draining valley. In this valley, pyroclastic flow and pyroclastic surge deposits crop out on the valley floor and parts of its slopes. In the northwestern and southeastern segments of the field, two vents can be recognized and are associated with springs. An obsidian lava dome marks one of the vents; aside from vents and dome the pyroclastic deposit forms most of this volcano.
Hot springs are found at Tocomar and their activity has generated travertine deposits on the field, including at Baños de Tocomar where silica and sulfur accumulations can be found. The temperature of the water is about and the waters are salty. Pits interpreted as having formed during hydrothermal explosions are also found. The springs are mostly found where the terrain has been incised by valleys. Electrical resistivity has been used to infer the structure of the geothermal reservoir beneath Tocomar, which is mostly located within an Ordovician basement; the temperatures of the reservoir have been estimated to be at depth. The water appears to be precipitation water that infiltrates terrain south of Tocomar, at elevations of . After being heated by the deep geothermal system, the water seems to interact with another shallower aquifer before emerging in the springs.
Tocomar has been investigated for the potential to generate geothermal power. Exploration of the Tocomar-Cerro Tuzgle area ceased after a few wells were drilled and ended up being unproductive but has been reinitiated.
Geology
Background
Tocomar is part of the Andean Volcanic Belt's Central Volcanic Zone, which runs along the western margin of South America and lies in the countries of Peru, Bolivia, Chile and Argentina. The Central Volcanic Zone features about 44 active volcanoes as well as several large ignimbrite caldera systems; some of these are part of the Altiplano-Puna volcanic complex. About 200 of all volcanoes in the Andes have been active during the Holocene, 66 of these in historical times. The date of the last eruption of Tocomar is not known with certainty but was in the Pleistocene.
Aside from the regular volcanic arc, volcanoes aligned along west-northwest to east-southeast lineaments are also part of the Central Volcanic Zone.
Local
At Tocomar, the Calama-Olacapato-El Toro fault is subdivided into two subsidiary faults called Incachule and Chorrillos, which in turn are connected by a number of normal faults that give the whole are a complex faulting scheme. These normal faults are associated with the Tocomar vents, and deformation of the eruption deposits indicates that some of the faults were active just as eruptions occurred; it is likely that eruptions were triggered by movement along these faults. These faults also control where geothermal spring activity occurs, but whether the faults themselves were active in the Quaternary is unclear; microseismic activity is still ongoing.
The Tocomar volcano was constructed atop the ignimbrites from the Aguas Calientes caldera, as well as Pleistocene sediments which display traces of earthquake activity and form an alluvial cone. The area is a former basin now filled with volcanic and sedimentary rocks. The oldest outcropping basement in the region is the Precambrian Puncoviscana Formation east of Tocomar, in the San Antonio de los Cobres ridge. Other volcanoes in the region are Cerro Tuzgle and two maars due north, Negro de Chorrillos and San Jéronimo due east and the Aguas Calientes caldera due south; the last two are located fairly close to Tocomar. These volcanoes were active roughly in reverse order, with Aguas Calientes active between 11-10 million years ago, while the other centers are of Quaternary age.
Composition
The Tocomar centre has erupted rhyolitic ignimbrites, which belong to the potassium-rich peraluminous calc-alkaline magmatic series. It does not contain many crystals, which are formed by biotite, plagioclase and quartz.
Climate, hydrology and vegetation
The region is sunny, dry, windy, cold and has a high difference between daytime and nighttime temperature. Average precipitation is less than mostly during summer; consequently Tocomar has an arid climate. The region was warmer and even drier in the past during the early Holocene, but Tocomar was paradoxically wetter.
Springs give source to several permanent rivers in the region, which flow in deep valleys. Among these rivers is the , which after originating in a wetland receives the water from the Tocomar geothermal field and eventually ends in the .
Much of the area around Tocomar has no vegetation. Of the plants that grow in the region, vegetation in the Puna occurs in the form of grass and shrub steppe. Because of the dry climate, wetlands are highly important for the regional biota and feature a characteristic biota. They have a different flora; 25 species have been identified in the Tocomar wetland. Green algae form mats close to the warm springs, which are also colonized by blue-green algae.
Among the animals of the area are camelids such as the guanaco and the vicuña, rodents like the chinchilla and viscacha, the cervid taruca, 20 species of birds including the iconic flamingos and the Andean toad Rhinella spinulosa, which lives in high altitude wetlands. Other animals found in the wetlands are amphipods such as Hyalella and leeches, among other aquatic macroinvertebrates. During the mid-Holocene dry period the wetlands of Tocomar may further have offered a refuge for local humans.
Eruptive history
Between 1,150,000 ± 300,000 and 550,000 ± 100,000, the "Tocomar ignimbrite" was emplaced in the area. It consists of several different units of pyroclastic material, which cover a surface of about . It is likely that geothermal activity was occurring at Tocomar prior to the emplacement of these ignimbrites; geothermally altered material was ejected during the eruptions.
The eruption process has been reconstructed with the aid of the volcanic deposits. A first eruptive episode was phreatomagmatic and generated a low eruption column which in turn gave rise to pyroclastic flows and pyroclastic surges, which were heavily influenced by the topography as they propagated and then came to rest, giving rise to several geological units which are each thick. These units include a lithic unit formed by pre-existent country rock which overlies other units and is sometimes embedded into them as lens-like forms, and a pumice fall deposit that has undergone hydrothermal alteration and fluvial erosion in part. At least three lapilli tuff units are present, the thickest of which has a massive structure and reaches a thickness of . An obsidian containing facies is found inside of one vent of the volcano. In addition to these three primary lapilli tuff units, a secondary unit is exposed in some parts of the volcano and was emplaced during a later stage of volcanic activity. The secondary unit is about thick and consists of blocks embedded within a matrix formed by lapilli. This second eruption was phreatic and took place a while after the first one; it was probably caused by the interaction of rhyolitic magma with the old geothermal system, and triggered by movement along the local faults.
Gravimetric anomalies, the presence of magmatic water in the springs and their high temperatures of about indicate that a magma chamber still exists beneath Tocomar.
Human use
Indigenous people of the region obtained obsidian at Tocomar and other sites of the region. Tocomar itself was not a major obsidian source however; other sites in the region were far more important.
In modern times, Tocomar has been investigated as a candidate site for a gamma ray observatory in Argentina. The existence of a kaolin mine in the area was reported in 1993.
Notes
References
Sources
Pleistocene volcanoes
Volcanoes of Jujuy Province
Pyroclastic shields
DXMB (95.1 FM), broadcasting as 95.1 Love Radio, is a radio station owned and operated by Manila Broadcasting Company through its licensee Cebu Broadcasting Company. Its studio and transmitter are located at the 2nd floor, Cesia Bldg., South Montilla Blvd., Butuan.
Incidents
On October 4, 2012, an obsessed listener burned down the station on its old location at the 2nd floor, Montalban Bldg. along A.D. Curato St.
References
Radio stations in Butuan
Radio stations established in 1995
Love Radio Network stations
Ali Collins (born 27 May 2000) is a British tennis player.
Collins has a career-high doubles ranking of world No. 195, achieved September 2022.
They made their WTA Tour main-draw debut at the 2022 Birmingham Classic, in the doubles draw, partnering Emily Appleton.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 1 (runner-up)
Doubles: 9 (4 titles, 5 runner-ups)
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
British female tennis players
National Highway 167A, commonly called NH 167A is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 167. NH-167A traverses the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.
Route
AP/Telangana border (Pondugala), Piduguralla, Narsaraopet, Chilakaluripet, Chirala, Vodarevu
Junctions
Junction with National Highway 216 near Chirala.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
References
External links
NH 167A on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Andhra Pradesh
John Hyndford Cochrane (3 July 1750 – 21 November 1801) was a wealthy merchant and author from a notable Scottish aristocratic family.
John Cochrane was born in 1750, the second living son of Thomas Cochrane and Jane Stuart. Their father was serving as a Commissioner of the Excise for Scotland at the time, but unexpectedly inherited the title of Earl of Dundonald in 1758 on the death of their younger cousin William, the 7th Earl.
John Cochrane was sent to India at the age of 16, obtaining an appointment as a clerk or Writer due to the influence of their uncles Andrew Stuart and James Stuart.
From 1779 to 1783 Cochrane acted as a deputy paymaster in British North America. In May 1783 Cochrane was sued by General Haldimand for refusing to sue merchants themselves for amounts owed the Crown for bills of exchange; Cochrane and the merchants lost in the provincial courts, a painful loss which demonstrated to the merchants the need for a better legal system in Quebec.
From 1790 to 1792 Cochrane held the contract for victualling the British fleet in India. In 1792 they signed over the contract to their brother Basil, returning to London to be their brother's agent there.
In 1793 Cochrane was appointed as Deputy Commissary for North Britain.
Personal life
In addition to their fellow nabob Basil, John Cochrane's siblings included Archibald (1748–1831), the eldest son and 9th Earl of Dundonald; Admiral Alexander Cochrane (1758–1832); George, a soldier and MP; and Andrew (1767–1833), an adventurer and MP who was disgraced in the Great Stock Exchange Fraud of 1814.
The Earl of St. Vincent, Admiral of the Fleet, wrote of the Cochrane brothers in 1806, "The Cochranes are not to be trusted out of sight, they are all mad, romantic, money-getting and not truth-telling—and there is not a single exception in any part of the family."
Cochrane reputedly had at least three illegitimate children. With Geneviève Dulan in Quebec they had Admiral Nathaniel Day Cochrane (1780–1844) and Angelica Cochrane (1782–1834); they also sired John Cochrane (1798–1878), a notable lawyer in India and chess player.
Cochrane married Selina Fitzroy Birch (born c. 1769) on 7 May 1800; Selina and an infant son died a month before Cochrane the following year.
A portrait of Cochrane exists, by portraitist Lemuel Francis Abbott.
Publications
Cochrane wrote several long pamphlets on subjects of interest to him:
Examination of the Plans Proposed for the East India Company's Shipping; the Great Importance of Adopting a Proper System Explained; and a Plan Suggested for Making the Ships Employed in the Commerce with Asia, Beneficial Both to the State and to the East India Company - London, John Stockdale, 1795
The Seaman's Guide: Shewing how to Live Comfortably at Sea. Containing, Among Other Particulars, Complete Directions for Baking Bread, ... Recommended Also to Public Bakers, as Well as to Private Housekeepers - J. Murray and S. Highley, 1797.
References
1750 births
1801 deaths
Scottish civil servants
Scottish businesspeople
British East India Company civil servants
John
Younger sons of earls
The Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Gorakhpur is an Eastern Catholic eparchy in India, belonging to the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church. The eparchy was erected by Pope John Paul II in 1984 through the Bull "Ex quo Divinum Concilium". Thomas Thuruthimattam was appointed bishop of Gorakhpur on 15 July 2006. They received their episcopal consecration on 1 October 2006 and assumed office on the same day.
Former bishops
Dominic Kokkatt
References
External links
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Gorakhpur
Syro-Malabar Catholic Diocese of Gorakhpur at Catholic-Hierarchy
Syro-Malabar Catholic dioceses
Christian organizations established in 1984
Gorakhpur
1984 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Christianity in Uttar Pradesh
Riding Shotgun is a 1954 American western film directed by Andre DeToth and starring Randolph Scott, Wayne Morris and Joan Weldon. The film was based on the short story "Riding Solo" by Kenneth Perkins, originally published in the September 1942 issue of Blue Book. The production is unusual in that Scott narrates their inner thoughts at crucial moments in the action.
Plot
Stagecoach guard Larry Delong is ambushed by a gang of outlaws associated with Dan Marady, the man who murdered their sister and nephew. Delong has been searching for Marady, intending to kill him. When they return to the town of Deep Water, Delong discovers that nearly everyone there believes they were involved in a holdup of the stage on which they had been the guard. The robbery resulted in the deaths of the stage driver and of the man who sat in for Delong.
With no one other than Orissa Flynn, their sweetheart, and Doc Winkler heeding their warnings that Marady's men are coming to rob the town, Delong is forced to take refuge in a cantina. A lynch mob forms, with deputy Tub Murphy trying to hold them off until the sheriff's posse returns.
Marady's men, including an accomplice, Pinto, rob the bank while the townspeople are distracted. Delong escapes through an attic and sabotages the getaway horses of Malady's gang. A shootout results in Marady mistakenly believing, fatally, that Delong is out of bullets.
Cast
Randolph Scott as Larry Delong
Wayne Morris as Deputy Sheriff Tub Murphy
Joan Weldon as Orissa Flynn
Joe Sawyer as Tom Biggert
James Millican as Dan Marady
Charles Buchinsky as Pinto
James Bell as Doc Winkler
Fritz Feld as Fritz
References
External links
1954 films
1954 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films directed by Andre DeToth
Warner Bros. films
Films based on short fiction
Films scored by David Buttolph
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
The Squier Jagmaster is an electric guitar marketed by the Fender Musical Instruments Corporation under their Squier budget brand. It is based on the design of the classic Fender Jazzmaster and Fender Jaguar, but with several significant differences reflecting the tastes of modern guitarists, including much simplified electronics, humbucking pickups, a standard Stratocaster-style tremolo bridge, and, on Vista Series versions, a short-scale, 24-inch neck (22 frets).
The first Jagmasters appeared in 1996, were marketed under the Vista Series, and made in Japan. The Jagmaster in its original form was made for a period of only two years: 1996 through 1998. The first Japanese Jagmasters had a neck in which the truss rod is adjusted at the bottom of the neck, while the later Japanese models have a 1970s-style 'bullet' truss rod, which is adjusted at the headstock. The original Japanese Jagmasters featured a maple neck, rosewood fretboard, and basswood body. The list price was $699.99. However, when the Japanese market crashed, Fender closed the Japanese production plants in which the Jagmaster was produced.
The Jagmaster was brought back into production in 2000, this time made in China and featuring a 25.5-inch neck (21 frets) and Duncan-designed pickups. In 2005, the 2000 Jagmaster was discontinued and replaced with the (also Chinese-made) Squier Jagmaster II, which features different visual aesthetics as well as the original 24-inch neck (22 frets). In 2007 this had become a 21-fret 24-inch neck. The 2005 Jagmaster II has only two color options: black and sunburst. The third finish option, "Silver Sparkle" of the 2000 reissues, is no longer available.
In 2012, the Jagmaster model was discontinued. It was replaced by a dual-humbucker Jaguar model, which featured all of the same simplifications as the Jagmaster; it was part of Squier's Vintage Modified series. The short-scale Jaguar model was later joined by a 25.5"-scale Squier Affinity Series Jazzmaster model with dual humbuckers and a hardtail bridge and, in 2018, the Fender Player Series Jaguar, which combined most of the features of the Jagmaster with a traditional Jaguar vibrato bridge.
See also
Jagstang
External links
Squier Guitars official website
Electric guitars
Fender electric guitars
Prospect Park South is a small neighborhood in Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York City, located south of Prospect Park. It is included within the Prospect Park South Historic District, which was designated by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1979 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The historic district is bounded by Church Avenue to the north, the BMT Brighton Line () of the New York City Subway to the east, Beverley Road to the south, and between Stratford Road and Coney Island Avenue to the west.
Prospect Park South, along with other neighborhoods within Flatbush, is policed by the 70th Precinct of the New York City Police Department.
History
In 1899, developer Dean Alvord purchased about of farmland in order to create Prospect Park South, a community of substantial homes, a "rural park within the limitations of the conventional city block and city street." Alvord characterized the development as rus in urbe, the country in the city. The location was selected to take advantage of the train service on the Brooklyn and Brighton Beach Railroad of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit Company (BRT). The line, now known as the BMT Brighton Line, offered express and local train service that remains to this day. The trains emerged at Fulton Street as an elevated line and continued across the Brooklyn Bridge to Manhattan.
Once they had purchased the land, Alvord laid out all the necessary utilities and marked the entrance of most streets with brick piers with cast concrete plaques bearing the bas-relief inscription "PPS". They also hired John Aitkin, a Scottish landscape gardener, to supervise the plantings for the lawns and the Flatbush Malls, with meticulous attention given to details. Trees, for instance, were not planted only along the curb line, but also at the building line as well, to give the streets greater breadth of vision, to block out adjoining houses, and provide the illusion that each house was the only one on the block. Both Norway maples and Carolina poplars were used: the poplars for immediate shade, and the slower-growing maples for long-term shade. Alvord did all this before selling a single plot.
Alvord also hired architect John J. Petit and a staff to design the houses in the development, although clients could also provide their own architect if they preferred to. Petit ended up designing many of the houses in the development, in a wide variety of styles, including Colonial Revival, Tudor Revival and Queen Anne. The houses in Prospect Park South were required to be substantial, freestanding homes exceeding and costing over US$5,000. Several other restrictions were also placed upon builders wishing to develop the lots.
Alvord wanted to create an environment that attracted the Protestant, wealthy elite while excluding the immigrant population moving into Brooklyn at the time. In their original prospectus, Alvord wrote:
In fixing upon a location for a home, it is pleasant to live where children, in going to and fro, are not subject to the annoyance of contact with the undesirable elements of society. The Flatbush Avenue trolley line penetrates no slum sections and is patronized almost exclusively by people of intelligence and good breeding.
While not the first attempt at suburban development in the area, Alvord's vision excited the interest of the wealthy of Brooklyn Heights and Manhattan residents. Ultimately, Alvord's restrictions not only created an exciting new design but a standard to become a blueprint for the modern suburb. Enthusiasm for their design in following years would see South Midwood, Fiske Terrace, Ditmas Park, the Beverley Squares, and many more developments spring up in the surrounding area to accommodate the demand, together forming what is now known as Victorian Flatbush.
In 1972, New York's Albanian community established a mosque at 1325 Albemarle Road.
Prospect Park South was designated as a historic district by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission in 1979.
Notable residents
John Giuca (born 1983), convicted of second-degree felony murder
Doreen Giuliano, mother of John Giuca, went undercover to investigate possible juror misconduct in their trial
Maya Wiley (born 1964), lawyer, professor, civil rights activist, and 2021 mayoral candidate for New York City
Notable houses
The Alvord Mansion at 1522 Albemarle Road was built by Alvord for their family. Later, it was purchased by Israel Matz, founder of the Ex-lax Company. The Alvord Mansion burned down c.1955 under mysterious conditions after its sale by the Matz family to apartment developers fell through in the face of community opposition.
Among the other notable houses in the neighborhood are:
Herman Goetze House, 15 Stratford Road, 1905, Colonial Revival, George Hitchings
Herbert Krantz House, 183 Argyle Road, 1904, Tudor Revival, John J. Petit
George E. Gale House, 1305 Albemarle Road, 1905, Classical Revival, H. B. Moore
John S. Eakins House, 1306 Albemarle Road, 1905, Shingle style/Colonial Revival, John J. Petit
Col. Alexander S. Bacon House, 101 Rugby Road, Eclectic/Swiss chalet, 1900, John E. Nitchie
Francis M Crafts House, 1423 Albemarle Road, 1899, Queen Anne, John J. Petit
J. C. Woodhull House, 1440 Albemarle Road, 1905, Queen Anne/Colonial Revival, Robert Bryson and Carroll Pratt
Henry P. Reade House, 1501 Albemarle Road, 1904, Queen Anne, John J. Petit
Maurice Minton House, 1510 Albemarle Road, 1900, Colonial Revival, John J. Petit
Louis McDonald House, 1519 Albemarle Road, 1902, Prairie School/Neo-Jacobean, John J. Petit
Frank K. Schenck House, 219 Marlborough Road, 1900, John J. Petit
Russell Benedict House, 104 Buckingham Road, 1902, Classical Revival, Carroll H. Pratt
William H. McEntee House, 115 Buckingham Road, 1900, Shingle style, John J. Petit
George U. Tompers House, 125 Buckingham Road, 1911, Colonial Revival, Brun & Hauser
Frederick S. Kolle House, 131 Buckingham Road, 1902–03, Japanese pagoda, Petit & Green
William A. Norwood House, 143 Buckingham Road, 1906, Italian Villa, Walter S. Cassin
The Sovereign, 55 Parade Place, 1927, large residential complex across from the Brooklyn Parade Grounds
Gallery
See also
List of Brooklyn neighborhoods
List of New York City Designated Landmarks in Brooklyn
References
Notes
Bibliography
Gunnison, Herbert Foster "Flatbush To-day", S.N. 1908, held by Harvard Library
External links
Ditmas Park article in New York magazine
. Retrieved 2008-04-24.
Buildings and structures completed in 1899
Colonial Revival architecture in New York City
Flatbush, Brooklyn
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Brooklyn
Neighborhoods in Brooklyn
New York City designated historic districts
New York City Designated Landmarks in Brooklyn
Communities developed by Dean Alvord
Prospect Park (Brooklyn)
The Firebird Hornet is a German single-place, paraglider that was designed and produced by Firebird Sky Sports AG of Füssen in the mid-2000s. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The Hornet was designed as an intermediate glider. The models are each named for their relative size.
Variants
Hornet S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 49 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.58:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Hornet M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 49 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.58:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Hornet L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 49 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.58:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Hornet Sport S
Small-sized model for lighter pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 59 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.74:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Hornet Sport M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 59 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.74:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Hornet Sport L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 59 cells and the aspect ratio is 5.74:1. The pilot weight range is . The glider model is DHV 2GH certified.
Specifications (Hornet L)
References
External links
Hornet
Paragliders
The sea stickleback (Spinachia spinachia), also known as the fifteen-spined or fifteenspine stickleback, is a species of stickleback which lives in benthopelagic and in brackish environments of the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. This species, the largest of the sticklebacks, grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus Spinachia. It is of no interest as a commercial fish.
Description
The fifteen-spined stickleback is an elongated fish with a long slender snout, an elongated caudal peduncle about one third of the total length, and a fan-like rounded caudal fin. The anterior dorsal fin consists of a series of fourteen to fifteen small, widely separated spines. The posterior dorsal fin and the anal fin are aligned and are similar in size and shape and located immediately anterior to the caudal peduncle. The pelvic fins consist of spines. This fish is brownish-yellow with indistinct dark markings and a silvery belly. It grows to a maximum size of ,
but the usual size range is .
Distribution and habitat
The fifteen-spined stickleback is native to coastal waters in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where it lives among bladderwrack and eel grass.
Biology
The fifteen-spined stickleback is a solitary fish and a predator that lurks among concealing vegetation ready to pounce on plankton and fish fry which drift too close. Breeding takes place in May and June among bladderwrack, with males building nests out of bits of seaweed, and guarding and fanning the eggs with their fins until they hatch. The males continue to care for the fry until they have absorbed the contents of their egg yolks and can feed for themselves. It is thought that adults die after spawning.
References
External links
Sea Stickleback, Spinachia spinachia (British Marine Life Study Society, study of the marine wildlife of the North-east Atlantic
sea stickleback
Fauna of the British Isles
Marine fish of Europe
sea stickleback
sea stickleback
Matafia Šeinbergas (also Matafia Šembergas or Matafia Scheinberg; 17 November 1909 — 11 September 2002) was a Lithuanian chess player, medical scientist (immunologist, microbiologist, virologist), and the father of Isai Scheinberg, founder of PokerStars.
Biography
In 1926, Šeinbergas moved to Kaunas, to study at the Health Sciences faculty of Kaunas University. In October 1926, they ranked 1st in the chess tournament in Kaunas. In 1927, Šeinbergas participated in six player double round robin chess tournaments in Kaunas, the winner of which won the right to play a match with Aleksandras Machtas, the chess champion of Kaunas city. The tournament was won Marcos Luckis, but Šeinbergas shared the 3rd–4th place. They were a strong amateur chess player without deep theoretical knowledge.
Matafia Šeinbergas played for Lithuania in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1930, at second board in the 3rd Chess Olympiad in Hamburg (+5, =2, -9),
In 1931, at second board in the 4th Chess Olympiad in Prague (+3, =4, -7).
In 1930, Šeinbergas graduated from the clinical medicine faculty of the prestigious University of Pisa in Italy. After the 4th Chess Olympiad in 1931, they stopped playing in chess tournaments. During the Spanish Civil War, Šeinbergas joined the International Brigades and from 1937 to 1939 fought in Spain. After the disintegration of the Republican army at the beginning of 1939, Šeinbergas was interned in camps for defeated Spanish Republicans in France. From the camp they returned to Kaunas, where they married Fania Katz. The couple had two sons: Modesto (1940) and Isai (1946).
From 1941, Šeinbergas served in the Red Army. From 1942 to 1945, they were a doctor in the 16th Lithuanian Division. During the World War II, they were awarded the Order of the Patriotic War and Order of the Red Star. When World War II ended, Šeinbergas was in Berlin, and held the rank of Colonel.
In 1945, they settled in Vilnius and dedicated most of their time to medical career. They went on from 1946 to 1958 to work as a chief physician at the Vilnius Infants' Home. In 1957, they published a book about the Spanish Civil War. From 1958 to 1984, Šeinbergas worked as a researcher at the Epidemiology, Microbiology and Hygiene Institute in Vilnius. At the same time, they wrote health education brochures. Šeinbergas also continued their education, successfully defending their Doctor of Sciences thesis, on the role of lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus in prenatal human pathology, in 1980, at the age of 71.
In 1993, Šeinbergas moved to Canada. They were buried in a Jewish cemetery in Richmond Hill.
References
External links
Matafia Šeinbergas chess games at 365chess.com
1909 births
2002 deaths
People from Jurbarkas
Lithuanian Jews
Lithuanian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
Vytautas Magnus University alumni
University of Pisa alumni
People of the Spanish Civil War
Soviet immunologists
Lithuanian physicians
Soviet microbiologists
Soviet virologists
20th-century chess players
Soviet military doctors
Soviet military personnel of World War II
The following is a list of Galatasaray S.K footballers based in Istanbul, Turkey.
Key
The list is ordered first by date of debut, and then if necessary in alphabetical order.
Appearances as a substitute are included.
Statistics are correct up to and including the match played on 16 September 2022. Where a player left the club permanently after this date, their statistics are updated to their date of leaving.
Players
References
External links
Galatasaray Sports Club Official Website
Statistics at mackolik.com
Statistics at weltfussball.de
Statistics at tff.org
Galatasaray S.K.
Association football player non-biographical articles
Gnamptogenys triangularis is a Neotropical species of ants in the subfamily Ectatomminae. Native to the forests of South and Central America, G. triangularis is a predatory ant that feeds on millipedes. In its native range, this species is known from Buenos Aires, Argentina in the south to Costa Rica in the north, with records from eight countries in South America, and two countries of Central America. The first records of G. triangularis outside its native range came from Florida beginning in 1985 and Alabama in 1996.
Based on its South American range, it appears that G. triangularis has the potential to spread to forests throughout much of the southeastern United States. There are no documented impacts of G. triangularis, and it seems unlikely that this species will ever become a major pest.
Taxonomy
G. triangularis was originally described by Mayr as Ectatomma triangulare in Uruguay in 1887. Junior synonyms include Ectatomma triangulare richteri, described in 1913 in Argentina and Ectatomma aculeaticoxae, described from Haute Carsevenne, French Guiana in 1921 (now Alto Rio Calçoene, Brazil).
Description
Gnamptogenys triangularis is a relatively large, black ant with more reddish legs that is characterized by deep longitudinal grooves and ridges that the run the lengths of the head, mesosoma and gaster. Little is known about the ecology of the ant, other than that it is believed to be a millipede specialist and is associated with humid forests and arboreal foraging.
Gnamptogenys triangularis and Gnamptogenys hartmani are the only two members of the subfamily Ectatomminae known to occur in the southeastern United States. These very distinctive ants can be recognized immediately by the deep horizontal grooves covering the entire head and body. G. triangularis workers are ~5.0 mm in length and dark brown. Females are similar in appearance to workers, but are slightly larger (~5.5 mm in length) and have brownish gray colored wings. Males are approximately the same length as females (~5.5 mm), but are wasp-like in appearance and differ considerably from workers and females. The deep horizontal grooves characteristic of the genus are mostly absent except on the face and first gastral tergite. Sides of head, pronotum, much of the mesonotum, and gaster have reduced sculpture and are shiny, and the remainder of mesosoma and petiole are rugoreticulate. Males are bicolored with the head and mesosoma dark reddish black to black, petiole dark reddish brown, and gaster reddish orange. The legs, antennal scape, and first segment of funiculus are orangish red, the remainder of funiculus is gray, and the wings are dusky gray. In comparison, Gnamptogenys hartmani workers are 3.5–4.0 mm and pale reddish brown. Females are ~5 mm and similar in appearance to workers. Males are approximately the same size as females, but horizontal grooves are greatly reduced, and overall they are shinier in appearance. The entire body is reddish brown, legs and scapes are yellowish brown, and the funiculus is dark colored.
Distribution
Records of G. triangularis come from eight countries in South America (all except Chile, French Guiana, and Paraguay), and the two southernmost countries of Central America (Panama and Costa Rica). Because there are no discernible geographic barriers, it seems very likely that the native range of G. triangularis also extends into forest habitats in French Guiana, Paraguay, and farther north in Central America, but has not yet been recorded in these areas due to its rarity. In its exotic range, G. triangularis is now known from Florida, Alabama and Mississippi. Based on its South American range, it is possible that G. triangularis could spread to forests throughout much of the southeastern United States, perhaps as far north as Richmond, Virginia and Lexington, Kentucky.
In both its native and exotic ranges, G. triangularis inhabits forests and preys on millipedes. There are no known impacts of G. triangularis, even though if this species was having a localized impact on millipede populations, it seems unlikely that this would have been detected. Nonetheless, it seems unlikely that this species will ever become a major pest.
References
External links
Ectatomminae
Insects described in 1887
Hymenoptera of South America
Hymenoptera of North America
Canadian singer, musician, and actor Henry Lau debuted in 2008 as a member of Super Junior-M. They were cast in the 2013 drama film Final Recipe in their acting debut, playing the male lead opposite Michelle Yeoh. In 2015, they played a supporting role in the South Korean drama Oh My Venus. In 2018, they shot two films back-to-back, the Chinese action-fantasy film Double World and their first American film A Dog's Journey; the films were released in 2020 and 2019 respectively. In 2021, they played a main role in the second season of Dramaworld.
Since gaining popularity on television with the 2014 series Real Man, Henry has appeared in numerous Korean and Chinese variety shows. Their notable work includes I Live Alone, Begin Again, Back to Field, and Super-Vocal.
Film
Television
As an actor
As themselves
Web series
Radio show
Music videos
Promotional MVs
References
Lau, Henry
Ópera prima is a 1980 Spanish comic film directed by Fernando Trueba and starring Óscar Ladoire. It was written by Ladoire and Trueba. It is one of the most acclaimed Spanish Cinema films of the eighties, and a paradigm comedy of the Madrilene movement.
Synopsis
Matías, a young man recently separated from their wife, falls in love with their cousin Violeta, a girl passionate about violin and hippie style.
Cast
... Matías
... Violeta
Antonio Resines ... León
Luis González Regueral ... Nicky
Kiti Mánver ... Ana
Alejandro Serna ... Nicolás
Marisa Paredes ... Zoila Gómez
David Thomson ... Warren Belch
Tony Valento ... Hombre del supermercado
El Gran Wyoming ... Macarra
Reception
In May 1980, , in wrote:
(Trueba, lover of dream epics speaks of what they see, with tenderness, with sarcasm, with freshness, without solemnity, without looking for definitive exits, without asking for anything, with intelligence. Opera prima, comedy, piece of life, purity in motion, jump into the ring without shells that scare away danger.)
Awards
Venice Film Festival
Young Talent Award (Fernando Trueba)
Best actor ()
(Óscar Ladoire)
References
External links
1980 films
1980s Spanish-language films
Spanish comedy films
Films directed by Fernando Trueba
Culture in Madrid
Thomas Stannus (1736–1813) was an Irish soldier and politician, of the family which later produced the celebrated dancer and choreographer Dame Ninette de Valois (born Edris Stannus).
They were the son of Trevor Stannus of Stannus Hill, Portarlington, who held office as
High Sheriff of County Louth, and Jane Sibthorpe, daughter of Stephen Sibthorpe, MP for Louth.
They were an Army captain, who fought in the American War of Independence and was seriously
wounded. They were Escheator of Leinster in 1800. They were Member of Parliament (MP) for Portarlington from 1798 to 1800.
They married Caroline Hamilton, one of the numerous children of James Hamilton of Sheephill Park,
County Dublin , Deputy Prothonotary of the Court of King's Bench (Ireland), (whose portrait was
painted by Gilbert Stuart), and sister of Hans Hamilton MP, and had eight children. Their son James was Dean of Ross, Ireland from 1830 to 1876. Another son Thomas, a soldier like their father, was the great-grandfather of Edris Stannus, better known as Ninette de Valois: their father was Colonel Thomas Stannus, DSO.
Arms
References
1736 births
1813 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for Portarlington
Irish MPs 1798–1800
The Ukrainian Catholic Apostolic Exarchate of Belarus (or Belarus of the Ukrainians) was a short-lived (1940-42) Apostolic Exarchate (Eastern Catholic pre-diocesan jurisdiction) of the particular Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church sui iuris (Byzantine Rite in Ukrainian language) in the Soviet Belarus SSR.
History
Established 1940 as Apostolic Exarchate of Belarus, without direct Eastern Catholic precursor
suppressed in 1942, having had a single incumbent (Ukrainian Rite) :
Father Antoni Niemancewicz (1940 – 1942), no other prelature.
Sources and external links
GCatholic
Apostolic exarchates
Former Eastern Catholic exarchates
Eastern Catholicism in Belarus
History of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church
Dunhampstead railway station served the village of Dunhampstead, Worcestershire, England, from 1841 to 1855 on the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway.
History
The station was opened in November 1841 by the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway. It closed on 1 October 1855.
References
Disused railway stations in Worcestershire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1841
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1855
1841 establishments in England
1855 disestablishments in England
Venia Bechrakis () is a visual artist who lives and works in Athens and New York City.
Biography
Born in Athens, Greece, Bechrakis studied painting at the Athens School of Fine Arts under professor Dimitris Mytaras. They won the Onassis Foundation Scholarship in 2000 and continued their studies at the New York University (MFA-Master in Fine Arts) in photography and video art with professors Peter Campus, Jack Risley and Sigrid Haackenberg. They received the Gerondelis Foundation Grant in 2001 and the Jack Goodman Award for Art & Technology, in 2002.
Bechrakis has presented their work in solo exhibitions in Greece and abroad: Strange Weathers, Melenia Art Gallery, Bucharest (2009), Urban Dwellings”, Zina Athanassiadou Gallery, Thessaloniki (2008), “Within-Without, Zoumboulakis Galleries, Athens (2006), Real Art Ways, Connecticut, granted by the National Endowment for the Arts (2003).
They have exhibited internationally in major international group shows, such as: “OpenXII” Lido Venice (2009), Face to Faces, 2nd Biennial of Thessaloniki, Museum of Photography Thessaloniki (2009), Art Athina 2009, Zina Athanasiadou Gallery & Gallery Basia Embiricos, Athens, “Art Photo Expo Miami”, Zone D and Galerie Basia Embiricos, Miami Art Basel, Miami (2008), “Material Links”, Museum of Contemporary Art (MOCA), Shanghai (2008), “The Water”, Museum of Photography Thessaloniki (2008), “Heterotopias” (Public Screen, curated by Syrago Tsiara), 1st Biennial of Thessaloniki (2007), “The Chronicle of the Absurd“ (curated by Bia Papadopoulou), Thessaloniki Museum of Photography (2007), ‘Bodyconnections', La Maison de la Photographie, Tashkent (2007), et al.
Artistic practice
Bechrakis is a photographer, painter and video artist. Them work is based on performance art and investigates themes of gender, identity, private and public. Mostly known for their self-portrait photographs where the artist casts themselves as protagonist in imaginary scripts and publicly performs private rituals and traditional female roles-often in exaggerated form. In their series “Within-Without” and “Strange Weathers” they stage paradox scenes into public spaces which reverse stereotypical imagery resulting from advertising, films and the visual art tradition putting into question female identity in a humorous manner.
At once the author of the image and the object of viewing, Bechrakis makes an ironic commentary of certain consumer and domestic patterns of behavior.
They use photography to construct imaginary, at times surrealist, environments that make reference to everyday life. Images that at first sight appear to be documenting a mundane reality, centering on the figure of a woman – the artist themselves – challenge conventional restrictions and social taboos. Following in the footsteps of women performance artists of the 1980s, who consistently probed the boundaries between various manifestations of mass culture in art and lived experience, Bechrakis investigates throughout their work gender and identity issues, the relationship between the public and the private, real and fictitious space.
Shifting between the art of performance, photography in its emancipated form, the composition of classical painting and a cinematic representation of reality, Bechrakis creates pictures that merge theatrical performances (tableaux-vivants) with a documentarian view, exploring the fine line between autobiography and fiction.
See also
Visual Arts
Performance Art
Notes
References
Holly Block, "Presentation of Venia Behrakis' exhibition" Real Art Ways
Yorgos Tzirtzilakis, “Review of the artist's contribution to OPEN 12 International Exhibition of Sculptures and Installations” Arte Communications
Eleytherotypia, “Greek photographer takes over the hotel of Visconti” (in Greek)
External links
Artist's website (Archived)
Zoumboulakis Galleries
Zina Athanassiadou Gallery
Melenia art Gallery
“The Water” Thessaloniki Museum of Photography
Living people
Artists from Athens
Greek photographers
Greek women photographers
Greek women painters
New York University alumni
20th-century Greek painters
21st-century Greek painters
20th-century Greek women artists
21st-century Greek women artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Two lavishly illustrated illuminated manuscript psalters are known as the Psalter of Saint Louis (and variants) as they belonged to the canonized King Louis IX of France. They are now in Paris and Leiden, and are respectively good examples of French Gothic and English Romanesque illumination.
Paris
The Paris Psalter of St. Louis (Bibliothèque nationale de France MS Latin 10525) was made for Louis sometime between the death of their mother Blanche of Castile in 1253 and their death in 1270. Done in the elaborate Rayonnant style and richly gilded, the manuscript contains 78 miniatures of Old Testament scenes starting at the story of Cain and Abel and ending with the coronation of Saul, a calendar of feast days, prayers and the 150 psalms. The psalter is in excellent condition and considered a relic of Louis IX, who was canonized in 1297.
Leiden
The Leiden St Louis Psalter, (Leiden, University Library: BPL 76A), was originally produced for Geoffrey Plantagenet, Archbishop of York, probably in northern England in the 1190s. It is in Latin, with some inscriptions added in French, on parchment, with 185 folios, 24,5 x 17,7 cm. in size, 23 miniatures and historiated initials.
This manuscript passed into the hands of Blanche of Castile after Geoffrey's death, and, as religious manuscripts often were, was used to teach the future saint King Louis IX how to read as a child, as a 14th-century inscription below the Beatus initial (illustrated right) records. After the king's death it passed through a number of royal owners, including the Valois Dukes of Burgundy, being regarded as a relic of the saint, before reaching the University Library at Leiden in 1741.<ref>Nigel Morgan, A Survey of Manuscripts Illuminated in the British Isles, Volume 4: Early Gothic Manuscripts, Part 1 1190–1250, Harvey Miller Limited, London, 1982, , pp. 61–62.</ref>
Notes
Bibliography
Günter Haseloff, Die Psalterillustration im 13. Jahrhunderts.: Studien zur Geschichte der Buchmalerei in England, Frankreich und den Niederlanden. Inaugural-Dissertation, Georg August Universität zu Göttingen, 1938.
Victor Leroquais, Les psautiers, manuscrits latins des bibliothèques publiques de France. Mâcon, Protat frères, 1940–41.
Robert Branner, Manuscript painting in Paris during the reign of Saint Louis : a study of styles. Berkeley: University of California Press, 1977.
Harvey Stahl, Picturing kingship. History and painting in the Psalter of Saint Louis.'' University Park, Pa., Pennsylvania State University Press, 2008.
Illuminated psalters
Manuscripts of Leiden University Library
Bibliothèque nationale de France collections
Louis IX of France
Lerwick South is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the Shetland Islands Council. It elects four Councillors.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 Shetland Islands Council election
2017 Election
2017 Shetland Islands Council election
2012 Election
2012 Shetland Islands Council election
2007 Election
2007 Shetland Islands Council election
References
Wards of Shetland
Bigg Boss Bangla 1 is the first season of the Bangali version of the Indian reality show Bigg Boss. It started on 17 June 2013 and concluded on 14 September 2013 with Aneek Dhar as the winner.
Housemates status
Housemates
Original contestants
Iris Maity – Actress.
Rudranil Ghosh – Actor.
Aneek Dhar – Singer.
Kais Kalim – Gym Trainer.
Koneenica Banerjee – Actress.
Mahesh Jalan – Astrologer.
Mallika Majumdar – Actress.
Sudipta Chakraborty – Actress.
Abhijeet Burman (Pota) – Singer.
Nandini Pal – Presenter.
Manabi Banerjee – Author.
Sampurna Lahiri – Model.
Vikram Chatterjee – Television Actor.
Wildcard entrants
Kartik Das Baul
Carlyta Mouhini
Nominations table
Nomination notes
References
Bigg Boss seasons
2013 Indian television seasons
Colors Bangla original programming
Ramesh Chandra Jain (born 8 June 1949) is a scientist and entrepreneur in the field of information and computer science.  They are a Bren Professor in Information & Computer Sciences, Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences, University of California, Irvine.
Education
They graduated with a bachelor's degree from Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur, India and has a Ph.D. from Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, India.
Career
Ramesh Jain has been a researcher, an entrepreneur, and an educator. Their activities have been mostly in the areas of Computer Vision, Artificial Intelligence, Multimedia and using these to build real world systems.
They served in academic positions at many universities. They served as a professor of computer science and engineering at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor and the University of California, San Diego; in each case they founded and directed artificial intelligence and visual information systems labs. They served as Farmer Professor at Georgia Tech from 2002-2004. In 2005 they were named the first Bren Professor in Information and Computer Science for the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer Sciences, University of California, Irvine.
Their research interests started in cybernetic systems. That interest brought them to research in pattern recognition, computer vision. and artificial intelligence. They were the coauthor of the first computer vision paper addressing analysis of real video sequence of a traffic scene. After working on several aspects of computer vision systems and coauthoring a text book in machine vision, they realized that to solve hard computer vision problem one must include all other available information from other signals and contextual sources. This realization resulted in theirs becoming active in developing multimedia computing systems. Their contributions to developing visual information management systems influenced many researchers. They also participated in developing concept of immersive as well as multiple perspective interactive videos, to use multiple video cameras to build three dimensional video where a person can decide what they want to experience. Their research in multimedia computing convinced them that experiences are central human knowledge acquisition and use, resulting in their interest in 'experiential computing' Since 2012, they have been engaged in developing a navigational approach to guide people in their lifestyle for achieving their personal health goals. Since food is one of the most important component of human lifestyle and is so central to all aspects of human society, they are working with several international researchers in the area of food computing
They founded or co-founded multiple startup companies including Imageware, Virage, Praja, and Seraja. Virage is considered the first company to address photo and video management applications that have become central to human experience in digital world. They served as Chairman of ACM SIG Multimedia.
They were the founding Editor-in-Chief of IEEE MultiMedia magazine and the Machine Vision and Applications journal. They still serve on the editorial boards of several journals. They have been elected a Fellow of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), the International Association for Pattern Recognition (IAPR), the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), American Association for Advancement of Science (AAAS), and the Society for Optics and Photonics Technology (SPIE). They have published over 400 research papers in scientific journals and conferences.
Publications
Publications by Ramesh Jain
Ramesh talks about Eventweb
Presentation on Next Generation Search by Ramesh Jain
References
External links
Interview with Gartner
Ramesh talks about Eventweb
Paper on Context-Aware Multimedia Experiences
1949 births
Living people
American Jains
American computer scientists
University of California, Irvine faculty
Fellows of the Association for Computing Machinery
Fellow Members of the IEEE
Fellows of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence
University of Michigan faculty
American people of Indian descent
American businesspeople
Scientists from Nagpur
Fellows of the International Association for Pattern Recognition
Fellows of SPIE
Olivier Dall'Oglio (born 16 May 1964) is a French former professional footballer and current manager who played as a defender.  They are currently head coach of Ligue 1 side Montpellier.
Early life
Dall'Oglio was born in Alès, Gard.
Managerial career
On 1 June 2012, Dall'Oglio was named manager of Dijon. They later moved to Brest, before joining Montpellier in June 2021.
Managerial statistics
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Alès
Sportspeople from Gard
French footballers
Association football defenders
Olympique Alès players
RC Strasbourg Alsace players
Canet Roussillon FC players
Stade Rennais F.C. players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
French football managers
Olympique Alès managers
Dijon FCO managers
Stade Brestois 29 managers
Montpellier HSC managers
Ligue 1 managers
Ligue 2 managers
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
The VESA Local Bus (usually abbreviated to VL-Bus or VLB) is a short-lived expansion bus introduced during the i486 generation of x86 IBM-compatible personal computers. Created by VESA (Video Electronics Standards Association), the VESA Local Bus worked alongside the then-dominant ISA bus to provide a standardized high-speed conduit intended primarily to accelerate video (graphics) operations. VLB provides a standardized fast path that add-in (video) card makers could tap for greatly accelerated memory-mapped I/O and DMA, while still using the familiar ISA bus to handle basic device duties such as interrupts and port-mapped I/O. Some high-end 386dx motherboards also had a VL-Bus slot.
Historical overview
In the early 1990s, the I/O bandwidth of the prevailing ISA bus, 8.33 MB/s for standard 16 bit 8.33 MHz slots, had become a critical bottleneck to PC video and graphics performance. The need for faster graphics was driven by increased adoption of graphical user interfaces in PC operating systems. While IBM did produce a viable successor to ISA with the Micro Channel Architecture offering a bandwidth of 66 MB/s, it failed in the market due to IBM's requirement to license and payment of licensing fees by hardware manufacturers to use it. While an extension of the royalty-free ISA bus in the form of EISA open standard was developed to counter MCA, its bandwidth of 33.32 MB/s was unable to offer enough improvement over ISA to meet the significant increase in bandwidth desired for graphics. It would be superseded by Peripheral Component Interconnect(PCI), starting at speeds of 133 MB/s (32-bit at 33 MHz in the standard configuration)
Thus for a short time, a market opening occurred where video card manufacturers and motherboard chipset makers created their own proprietary implementations of local buses to provide graphics cards direct access to the processor and system memory. This avoided the limitations of the ISA bus while being less costly than a "licensed IBM MCA machine". It is important to note that at the time the cost to migrate to an MCA architecture machine from an ISA machine was substantial. MCA machines generally did not offer ISA slots, thus a migration to MCA architecture meant that any prior investment in ISA cards was made unusable. Additionally, makers of MCA-compatible cards were subject to IBM's licensing fees, which combined with MCA's greater technical requirements and expense to implement. MCA required peripheral cards to not just be "passive" members, cards were made active participants in increasing system performance. It did have the effect of making an MCA version of a peripheral card significantly more expensive than its ISA counterpart.
So while these ad-hoc manufacturer-specific solutions were effective, they were not standardized, and there were no provisions for providing interoperability. This drew the attention of the VESA consortium and resulted in a proposal for a voluntary and royalty-free local bus standard in 1992. An additional benefit from this standardization (beyond the primary goal of greater graphics card performance) was that other devices could also be designed to utilize the performance offered from VLB; notably, mass-storage controllers were offered for VLB, providing increased hard-disk performance. VLB bandwidth depended on the CPU's bus speed: It started at 100 MB/s for CPUs with a 25 MHz bus, increased to 133 MB/s at 33 MHz and 160 MB/s at 40 MHz, and reached 200 MB/s at 50 MHz.
Implementation
A "VLB slot" itself is an additional edge connector placed in-line with the traditional ISA or EISA connector, with this extended portion often colored a distinctive brown. The result is a normal ISA or EISA slot being additionally capable of accepting VLB-compatible cards. Traditional ISA cards remain compatible, as they do not have pins past the normal ISA or EISA portion of the slot. The reverse was also true VLB cards are by necessity quite long in order to reach the VLB connector and were reminiscent of older full-length expansion cards from the earlier IBM XT era. The VLB portion of a slot looks similar to an IBM MCA slot, as indeed it is the same physical 116-pin connector used by MCA cards, rotated by 180 degrees. The IBM MCA standard had not been as popular as IBM expected, and there was an ample surplus of the connector, making it inexpensive and readily available.
Limitations
The VESA Local Bus was designed as a stopgap solution to the problem of the ISA bus's limited bandwidth. As such, one requirement for VLB to gain industry adoption was that it had to be a minimal burden for manufactures to implement, in terms of board re-design and component costs; otherwise, manufacturers would not have been convinced to change from their own proprietary solutions. As VLB fundamentally ties a card directly to the 486 processor bus with minimal intermediary logic (reducing logic design and component costs), timing and arbitration duties were strongly dependent on the cards and CPU.
This simplicity of VLB unfortunately created several factors that served to limit its useful life substantially:
80486 dependence
The VESA Local Bus relies heavily on the Intel 80486 CPU's memory bus design. When the Pentium processor arrived, there were major differences in its bus design, not easily adaptable to a VESA Local Bus implementation. Few Pentium motherboards with VLB slots were ever made and use VLB-to-PCI bridges such as the OPTi 82C822. This also meant that moving the bus to a computer with a non-x86 architecture was nearly impossible, within practical economic constraints.
Limited number of slots available
Most PCs that use VESA Local Bus have only one or two VLB-capable ISA slots out of the total five or six available; thus, four ISA slots generally are just that, ISA-only. This is a result of VESA Local Bus being a direct branch of the 80486 memory bus. The processor does not have sufficient electrical capacity to correctly drive (signal and power) more than two or three devices at a time directly from this bus.
Reliability problems
The strict electrical limitations on the bus also reduce any "safety margin" available, negatively influencing reliability. Glitches between cards are common, as the interaction between individual cards, combinations of cards, motherboard implementation, and even the processor itself are difficult to predict. This is especially prevalent on lower-end motherboards, as the addition of more VLB cards could overwhelm an already marginal implementation. Results can be rather spectacular when often important devices such as hard disk controllers are involved with a bus conflict with a memory-intensive device such as the ubiquitous video card.As VLB devices have direct high-speed access to system memory at the same level as the main processor, there is no way for the system to intervene if devices were mis-configured or became unstable. If two devices overwrite the same memory location in a conflict, and the hard-disk controller relies on this location (the HDD controller often being the second conflicting device), there is the all-too-common possibility of massive data corruption.
Limited scalability
As bus speeds of 486 systems increased, VLB stability became increasingly difficult to manage. The tightly coupled local bus design that gives VLB its speed became increasingly intolerant of timing variations, notably past 40 MHz. Intel's original 50 MHz 486 processor faced difficulty in the market, as many existing motherboards (even non-VLB designs) did not cope well with the increase in front-side bus speed to 50 MHz. If one could achieve reliable operation of VLB at 50 MHz, it was faster but again, this was notoriously difficult to achieve, and often it was discovered not to be possible with a given hardware configuration.The 486DX-50's successor, the 486DX2-66, circumvents this problem by using a slower but more compatible bus speed (33 MHz) and a multiplier (×2) to derive the processor clock speed.
Difficulty of installation
The length of the slot and number of pins makes VLB cards notoriously difficult to install and remove. The sheer mechanical effort required is stressful to both the card and the motherboard, and breakages are not uncommon. This is compounded by the extended length of the card logic board; often there is not enough room in the PC case to angle the card into the slot, requiring it to be pushed with great force straight down into the slot. To avoid excessive flexing of the motherboard during this action, the chassis and motherboard had to be designed with good, relatively closely spaced supports for the motherboard, which is not always the case, and the person inserting the board had to distribute the downward force evenly across its top edge.Due to the length of a VLB slot and the difficult installation that results from its length, a slang alternative use of the acronym VLB is Very Long Bus.
Legacy
Despite these problems, the VESA Local Bus became very commonplace on later 486 motherboards, with a majority of later (post-1992) 486-based systems featuring a VESA Local Bus video card. VLB importantly offers a less costly high-speed interface for mainstream systems, as only by 1994 was PCI commonly available outside of the server market through the Pentium and Intel's chipsets. PCI finally displaced the VESA Local Bus (and also EISA) in the last years of the 486 market, with the last generation of 80486 motherboards featuring PCI slots instead of VLB-capable ISA slots. However, some manufacturers did develop and offer "VIP" (VLB/ISA/PCI) motherboards with all three slot types.
Technical data
See also
Industry Standard Architecture (ISA)
Extended Industry Standard Architecture (EISA)
Micro Channel architecture (MCA)
NuBus
Peripheral Component Interconnect (PCI)
Accelerated Graphics Port (AGP)
PCI Express (PCIe)
List of device bandwidths (A useful listing of device bandwidths that include VLB)
References
Motherboard expansion slot
IBM PC compatibles
Local Bus
Computer-related introductions in 1992
The Cities Power Partnership (CPP) is a network of local councils in Australia established by the Climate Council in mid 2017 to co-ordinate reducing emissions and to provide councils and communities with the technical expertise and advice to transition to a clean, renewable energy future.
The CPP is Australia's largest local government climate network, now comprising 165 organisational members as of November 2021.
Background
Initially the Partnership had 35 Councils participating at its launch at the Mt Majura Solar Farm in the ACT.
Climate Councillor Dr Tim Flannery highlighted that NSW South Coast Councils, including Bega Council, were the first to sign up. “Bega was one of the very first councils to sign up. We put a bit of a call out to Australia, and you guys were really in there.”
The City of Newcastle was also a founding member of the CPP, and in April 2020 Deputy Mayor Cr Declan Clausen highlighted in a CPP video the transition of the industrial steel and coal based city being the first Council in NSW to source 100% of its energy needs from renewable energy. “The city of Newcastle is really proud to be the first council in NSW to have 100 per cent of its energy needs delivered by renewable energy. Newcastle has always been an industrial town. First it was coal, then it was steel and now, it's renewables."
The Partnership has since grown to encompass 165 municipal and shire councils around Australia at the end of 2021.
Council Pledges
Participating local councils pledge five actions to tackle climate change when they join in either renewable energy, efficiency, transport or working in partnership to tackle climate change. As of 2020, over 650 pledges have been made by local councils to take decisive climate and energy action.
Annual Climate Awards
The Cities Power Partnership runs yearly climate awards now in 10 categories which member councils participate in.
Awards are for Renewable Energy, Energy Efficiency, Sustainable Transport, Community Engagement, Innovation, Ambition, Collaboration, Climate Ambassador, Climate Champion, Community Choice.
References
External links
Climate change organisations based in Australia
Non-profit organisations based in New South Wales
Environmental organizations established in 2017
2017 establishments in Australia
Ruwer or Ruwerthal is a wine-growing district (Bereich) at the Ruwer (river) near Trier, Germany. It is a district of the Mosel region, which used to be called Mosel-Saar-Ruwer.
The Romans produced wine in the Ruwer region since the 2nd century.
Villages and vineyards
Ruwer/Eitelsbach: Karthäuserhofberg, Sonnenberg, Marienholz, Maximiner, Domherrenberg.
Mertesdorf: Maximin Grünhaus: Bruderberg, Abtsberg, Herrenberg; Lorenzhöfer Mäuerchen, Lorenzhöfer Felslay, Johannisberg, Herrenberg;
Kasel: Herrenberg, Dominikanerberg, Kehrnagel, Hitzlay, Nieschen, Paulinsberg, Timpert.
Waldrach: Heiligenhäuschen, Hubertusberg, Sonnenberg, Jungfernberg, Krone, Laurentiusberg, Ehrenberg, Doktorberg, Meisenberg, Jesuitengarten, Kurfürstenberg.
Morscheid: Heiligenhäuschen, Dominikanerberg.
Riveris: Kuhnchen, Heiligenhäuschen.
Sommerau: Schlossberg
Korlingen: Leikaul
External links
Ruwer-Riesling e.V.
Ruwerwein.de
Ruwer
Vladimir Vladimirovich Doveyko Jr. (; born February 27, 1951, Moscow) is a Soviet and Russian circus artist, acrobat, director. They were awarded the People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2000.
Biography
Doveyko was born February 27, 1951, in Moscow to Vladimir Vladimirovich and Lidia Vasilievna Doveyko, circus artists. In 1975, they graduated from GITIS.
From 1965 to 1979, they were participating as an artist in their father's circus act, they were performing stunts from a flip board on one stilt. In 1980, for the "Carnival is walking around the world" collective they created a circus act - Acrobatic ensemble "Rus".
Since 1982, they acted as the “White Clown” in the group of V. Morozovsky, from 1983 to 1985 – they were participating in the clown duet with the “Redheads” (partners V. Masyutin, I. Robey). In 1987, as a director, they prepared new repertoire with the “Shelkovnikovs Trio” clowns, in 1988 – they were working with the clown duet of S. Panov and V. Novikov, in 1991 - they created the circus acts “Eccentric Trio”, “Mean Clowns”.
In 1991, they invented a special mini-springboard for swings ("Doveyko's swings"), that allows acrobats to fly up to the height of an air flight, thereby the Russian Swings attraction appeared.
In 1992, they received the title of Merited Artist of the Russian Federation, and in 2000 – People's Artist of the Russian Federation.
In 2012, they introduced the Millenium – a new attraction of an air flight.
Family
First wife – Irina Sergeevna Doveyko (b. 1951), a circus artist since 1967.
In 2004, they married a second time. Wife – Veronika Alekseevna Rusanovskaya. April 4, 2005 they had a daughter, Polina.
Awards
Silver Clown International Circus Festival of Monte-Carlo (1994)
References
External links
People's Artists of Russia
Russian acrobatic gymnasts
Soviet directors
Russian directors
1951 births
Living people
The Black Sea mutiny was a mutiny that took place aboard various ships of the French Navy — among others the battleships , , and — which had been dispatched to the Black Sea as part of the French-led Southern Russia intervention on the White Russian side. On April 19, 1919, the ships' crews mutinied in opposition to that French policy of intervention. Among the leaders of the mutiny was André Marty.
After the armistice of November 11, 1918, the dreadnought battleship was part of a squadron sent across the Black Sea toward Odessa to combat the Russian Revolution. The mutiny began on April 16, 1919, on board the destroyer , as it lay anchored in the Danube River port of Galatz. One of the mutiny's supposed leaders, André Marty, was arrested the same day. Disobedience movements had emerged in February 1919. They were provoked by some combination of poor living conditions, the absence of demobilization following the armistice, and sympathy with the Russian revolutionaries. Marty had fomented a plot to take control of the protest movement and to enter the port of Odessa by waving a red flag, the symbol of the Bolshevik revolutionaries. A few hours after the first mutiny, the mutiny extended to the French naval vessels stationed in Crimea. On the morning of April 20, the red flag was raised on the two battleships (without lowering the French tricolor).
The mutiny spread on April 23 to the cruiser . A court-martial held in Constantinople in July 1919 sentenced Marty to 20 years forced labor. In total, about 100 sailors were sentenced by French military tribunals although most were rapidly reprieved.
References
Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War
April 1919 events
Naval mutinies
History of the French Navy
Khuram Jehangir Wattoo (; born 25 February 1976) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Early life
They were born on 25 February 1976.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-147 (Okara-V) as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) in by-polls held in 2008. They received 79,195 votes and defeated an independent candidate, Muhammad Zafar Yasin Wattoo.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-146 (Okara-IV) as an independent candidate in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 647 votes and lost the seat to Rao Muhammad Ajmal Khan.
References
Living people
1976 births
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Marie Odette Goimbault (10 August 1901 – 26 March 1987), known professionally as Mary Odette, was a French-born film actor.
Odette starred in a number of films made by Astra Films. After the slump of 1924 dramatically reduced the number of British films being made, they appeared in several Continental European productions. They retired from films in 1928, shortly before the arrival of sound films in Britain.
Filmography
Cynthia in the Wilderness (1916)
The Greatest Wish in the World (1918)
The Way of an Eagle (1918)
Spinner o' Dreams (1918)
The Top Dog (1918)
The Wages of Sin (1918)
Peace, Perfect Peace (1918)
The Lackey and the Lady (1919)
As They Are Born (1919)
Whosoever Shall Offend (1919)
Dombey and Son (1919)
Castle of Dreams (1919)
The Lady Clare (1919)
With All Them Heart (1920)
Enchantment (1920)
As God Made Them (1920)
Torn Sails (1920)
John Heriot's Wife (1920)
Inheritance (1920)
The Breed of the Treshams (1920)
Mr. Gilfil's Love Story (1920)
The Wonderful Year (1921)
No. 5 John Street (1921)
All Roads Lead to Calvary (1921)
The Double Event (1921)
Cherry Ripe (1921)
The Crimson Circle (1922)
The Hypocrites (1923)
The Lion's Mouse (1923)
The Diamond Man (1924)
Eugene Aram (1924)
Not for Sale (1924)
Nets of Destiny (1924)
Kean (1924)
Father Voss (1925)
They (1925)
The Elegant Bunch (1925)
The Morals of the Alley (1925)
If Youth But Knew (1926)
Celle qui domine (1927)
Emerald of the East (1928)
References
External links
1901 births
1987 deaths
British film actores
French film actores
British silent film actores
French silent film actores
People from Dieppe, Seine-Maritime
20th-century French actores
French emigrants to the United Kingdom
Joe Palooka in the Squared Circle is a 1950 American film in the Joe Palooka series.
References
External links
1950 films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American comics
Refik Halit Karay (15 March 1888 – 18 July 1965) was a Turkish educator, writer and journalist.
Biography
They were born in Beylerbeyi, İstanbul, on 14 March 1888. Their parents were Mehmed Halid Bey and Nefise Ruhsar Hanım. After studying at Galatasaray High School and Istanbul University Faculty of Law, they briefly served in the Ministry of Finance of the Ottoman Empire.
During the Second Constitutional Era in 1908 they resigned from their post and published a short-living newspaper. They also wrote in literary periodicals. Being an opponent of the Committee of Union and Progress they were exiled to several cities in Anatolia. After returning to İstanbul they wrote mainly on Anatolian lifestyle. They were a pioneer in Anatolian based literature. They attended the Freedom and Accord Party. During the reign of the Freedom and Accord Party they served as the teacher of Literature in Robert College and then the General Director of Turkish PTT. They published a periodical named Aydede and was one of the contributors of Kalem, a political satire magazine between 1908 and 1911. In addition, they served as the editor-in-chief of another political satire magazine, Cem, between 1910 and 1912.
Karay opposed the Turkish War of Independence and at the end of the war they escaped to Beirut and Aleppo. In 1938 after the amnesty law they returned to Turkey. They resumed their writing career and wrote a number of novels. They died on 18 July 1965. They were buried at Zincirlikuyu Cemetery in Istanbul.
Works
Novels
The following are their novels
1920 İstanbul'ın İçyüzü (Lowdown of İstanbul)
1939 Yezidin Kızı (Daughter of Yezid)
1939 Çete (Gang)
1941 Sürgün (Exile)
1947 Anahtar (Key)
1950 Bu Bizim Hayatımız (This is Our Life)
1952 Nilgün
1953 Yeraltında Dünya Var (World Underground)
1953 Dişi Örümcek (Female spider)
1954 Bugünün Saraylısı (Royalty of today)
1954 2000 Yılın Sevgilisi (Sweetheart of the year 2000)
1955 İki Cisimli kadın (Two character woman)
1955 Kadınlar Tekkesi (Khanqah of Women)
1956 Karlı Dağdaki Ateş (Fire in the Snowy Mountain)
1957 Dört Yapraklı Yonca (Four leaf clover)
1965 Sonuncu Kadeh (Last chalice)
1971 Yerini Seven Fidan (Sapling which loved its place)
1980 Ekmek Elden Su Gölden (Life of Ease)
1980 Ayın Ondördü (Fourteenth of lunar month)
1981 Yüzen Bahçe (Floating garden)
(The last novels were published after their death)
Short story and humour
The following are their short story books:
1919 Memleket Hikayeleri (Stories from the homeland)
1940 Gurbet Hikayeleri (Stories from foreign lands)
The following are their humour books:
1915: Sakın Aldanma İnanma Kanma (Never be deceived, be fooled, believe)
1918: Kirpinin Dedikleri (What the hedgehog says)
1918: Agop Paşa'nın Hatıraları (The memoirs of Agap Paşa)
1922 Ay Peşinde (After the Moon)
1922 Tanıdıklarım (Friend)
1925 Guguklu Saat (Cuckoo clock)
References
Further reading
Philliou, Christine M. Turkey: A Past Against History. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2021.
1888 births
1965 deaths
Burials at Zincirlikuyu Cemetery
Writers from Istanbul
Galatasaray High School alumni
Istanbul University Faculty of Law alumni
Civil servants of the Ottoman Empire
20th-century novelists
20th-century Turkish short story writers
Turkish magazine founders
Reginald Somerville (1867 – 8 July 1948) was an English composer and actor.  They are known for writing many drawing-room ballads such as "God Sends the Night", "Yestereve", "Zaida: A Song of the Desert" and "The Lark and the Nightingale", as well as a handful of operas.
Biography
Somerville received musical training under the Italian tenor and teacher Giulio Moretti. They co-wrote music with A. McLean and G. W. Byng for the musical farce, A White Silk Dress, opening at London's Prince of Wales's Theatre on 3 October 1896. In collaboration with the librettist Guy Eden they wrote The 'Prentice Pillar, a romantic opera in one act in 1899. Somerville's "The Ballad of Thyra Lee", a dramatic scene, premiered in 1900, was given at a Royal Philharmonic Society concert in May 1903. Also 1903, they played opposite Marie Studholme in The School Girl. In 1909, their opera The Mountaineers was premiered at the Savoy Theatre in London. It had a two-month run and a provincial tour in late 1910.
After the First World War, Somerville wrote Antoine, an opera that they considered their best work, which was produced at the Lyceum Theatre, London, by the Carl Rosa Opera Company. The plot of the opera featured a blind sailor who has their sight miraculously restored only to discover their wife eloping with a rich lover. They also wrote both the music and lyrics for a three-act opera titled David Garrick, which was founded on T. W. Robertson's well-known comedy of the same name. It was premiered in 1920 by the Carl Rosa company and then presented under Somerville's management in the West End, substantially re-written to suit the light-music audience. Critics were divided on the merit of Somerville's music. The Illustrated London News remarked that the score "halts between the methods of the lyric and the grand-opera stage, and would have been all the better for cutting out all the connections with the latter." A week later, the critic continued, "He has no great gift of melody. ... Worse than the orchestration is the handling of the ensembles, if one may call them ensembles." The work was revived in 1932. In 1924, they wrote The Love Doctor, a "musical show with a story", which was toured on the Moss' Empires circuit and played in London at the Chelsea Palace Theatre in 1925.
Somerville's work as a composer dried up with the advent of sound films in the mid-1920s, and they took to teaching, but they became ill, ran into debt and was declared bankrupt in 1934. The bankruptcy was discharged in 1937.
They died on 8 July 1948 at St John's nursing home, Tankerton-on-Sea, in Kent.
Instrumental works and songs
Somerville's published works for piano include: "Alpine Roses – Morceau" (1913); "Automobile waltz" (1912); "Carina – Morceau pizzicato pour Piano" (1911); "The Honey Bee – Humoresque for the piano" (1924); "Intermezzo" (1922); "The Mountaineers – Pianoforte Selection" (1913); "Three Dances" (1922); and "Three Light Pieces for Piano: Bagatelle, Melody, and Valse" (1911). Among their orchestral works are "Four Fancies – Suite" (1925); "Funeral of a Flea" (1928); "Nucleus Themes, No. 1" (1927); "Razzle-Dazzle" (1928); and "Two Grotesque Recitations (1927)".
Songs by Somerville include: "All the Way to Coventry" (1913); "Call the yowes to the knowes" (1891); "God Sends the Night" (1908); "The Hour I love the best of all" (1924); "The Lark and the Nightingale" (1900); "The Laughing Waves" (1900); "A Memory" (1891); "The Song of Kent" (1921); "Songs of Friendship" (1909); "The Amber Necklace" (1917); "When Dreams come true" (1913); "Wherever I may be" (1913); "Who Rides for the King" (1911); and "Zaïda" (1914).
Notes
1867 births
1948 deaths
English male stage actors
English composers
Keweenaw Bay Ojibwa Community College (KBOCC) is a public tribal community college in Baraga, Michigan.
History
KBOCC was chartered by the Keweenaw Bay Indian Community on July 12, 1975. The Keweenaw Bay Ojibwa Community founded the College with the understanding that American Indian students, as members of sovereign nations, deserved an educational system responsive to their needs and concerns. On November 1, 2017, KBOCC purchased the former Pelkie Elementary School for $1 for use as an education center for the community. On January 26, 2018, Debra Parrish retired after serving nearly 30 years as president. They were succeeded by Lori Ann Sherman.
Traditions
Traditional leaders provide direction to faculty and staff for incorporating the Ojibwa language and culture into each of the KBOCC programs. The student services program offers opportunities for students to engage in traditional ceremonies and events.
Academics
The college is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission.
KBOCC offers Associate of Arts, Science, and Applied Science degrees.
The Bureau of Indian Education, Bureau of Indian Affairs, conducted a site visit in April 2010 and recommended the college for approval as a Tribally Controlled Community College/University under the Act. The U.S. Department of Education approved the KBOCC application for Title IV federal student aid programs.
KBOCC is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), which is a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions. KBOCC was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. KBOCC generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means accessing education beyond the high school level.
References
External links
Official website
American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Educational institutions established in 1975
Community colleges in Michigan
1975 establishments in Michigan
Africaine is a 1981 album of 1959 recordings by Art Blakey.
Africaine (French "African woman") may also refer to:
L'Africaine (The African Woman), a grand opera by Meyerbeer
Africaine (cigarette), a Luxembourgish brand
HMS Africaine, two ships of the Royal Navy
French ship Africaine, several French ships
, several ships
Zaręka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Dołhobyczów, south-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 70.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Américo González, also known as Américo, was a former Salvadoran footballer and coach.
They were the first Salvadoran coach to coach the national football team.
Honours
International
Central American and Caribbean Games Bronze Medal (1): 1935
External links
(highlighted as player of the national team and coaches)
Year of birth missing
Salvadoran footballers
Salvadoran football managers
Central American and Caribbean Games bronze medalists for El Salvador
Competitors at the 1935 Central American and Caribbean Games
Association football defenders
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in football
USA Up All Night (also known as Up All Night and Up All Night with Rhonda Shear) was an American cable television series that aired weekly on Friday and Saturday nights on the USA Network. The show aired from 1989 to 1998.
Synopsis
The program consisted primarily of low-budget films, bookended by in-studio or on-location comedy skits featuring the show's hosts. In addition to skits, the hosts would also provide sardonic comments about the featured film(s), and observations on various Hollywood- and/or New York City-area clubs and attractions (when the series was shooting out of studio). Including commercials, the program typically ran from 11 p.m. to 5 a.m.
The films aired ranged from cult classics, to B movies, to other fare not appearing on television frequently. Up All Night would regularly show sexploitation films, with the explicit content edited out.
Hosts
The series began on January 7, 1989, with comic Gilbert Gottfried hosting on Saturdays from New York City. In that first show, Gottfried was seen in an empty office building in Manhattan. The first two films that night were Cheerleaders Beach Party and Stuck on You!. Halfway through the first season, a Friday night show broadcast from Los Angeles hosted by actor/comedian Caroline Schlitt (fresh off of the short-lived Camp Midnite) was added. When Schlitt left the program in December 1990, comedian/B-movie actor Rhonda Shear replaced them on Fridays, beginning on January 4, 1991. In 1995, the Shear edition moved to New York City (home of the Gottfried edition), and stayed there for the remainder of the run.
Format
Originally, the show aired at 11 p.m. on Saturdays, and featured two movies (with in-studio or on-location comedy skits in between), which were then followed by a repeat of the first movie. When the Friday night edition was added in mid-1989, the format now consisted of three different movies, with the third one being unhosted (the bumpers for the third movie were simply narrated by the host, depending on the edition). Some episodes did not have a "third" movie. The Friday show originally began at midnight and ran until 6 a.m.; in July 1991, it was changed to the same time as the Saturday edition. In December 1994, the format was changed slightly to incorporate Duckman into the 11:00 p.m. timeslot, prior to the first movie. This trend of incorporating Duckman into the show continued on occasion until Duckman ended in September 1997.
In April 1996, the Saturday edition was moved to 12 a.m.; July 1996 had it move back to 11 p.m., and August 1996 had the Friday show move to 12 a.m. In January 1997, the Saturday show moved to 12 a.m., with the Friday show moving back to 11 p.m. a month later in February. For a short time in 1997, there was no third movie.
Specials
Occasionally, the show did special episodes which were often hosted by Shear and Gottfried together. They included Grad Night specials at Universal Studios Florida during 1992 and 1993, a mock B-Movie Awards special during 1993, and New Year's Eve specials during 1991, 1992, and 1993.
Cancellation
In 1998, USA came under the new management of Barry Diller, and decided to go for a more general and upscale viewership. This meant many of USA's long-running series were either overhauled or canceled – Up All Night ended up among the latter. The network relieved Shear and Gottfried of their hosting duties (while still showing the Up All Night imagery before/after commercial breaks), and began airing re-runs of mainstream films that appealed to a broader audience. By 2002, the Up All Night name, music, and graphics were completely removed from the films.
From December 1988 to February 1998, a grand total of over 900 episodes of the USA Up All Night were shot.
International version
In 1993, for about a year, Rhonda Shear hosted a Spanish version of the USA Up All Night for the Latin market.
References
External links
More Complete List of Movies Appearing on Up All Night
Caroline Schlitt website
1989 American television series debuts
1998 American television series endings
1980s American sketch comedy television series
1990s American sketch comedy television series
1980s American variety television series
1990s American variety television series
English-language television shows
Midnight movie television series
American motion picture television series
USA Network original programming
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is a town at the northern shore of Lake Constance, Germany between Überlingen and Meersburg. The town is a popular holiday destination and home to the Pfahlbauten open-air museum in Unteruhldingen and the Birnau basilica.
Composition
The town consists of the three villages Unteruhldingen, Oberuhldingen und Mühlhofen. Further, the hamlets of Seefelden, Maurach, Obermaurach, Gebhardsweiler and Hallendorf are included in the area of the commune.
History
Archeological finds show that the shore of Lake Constance near Unteruhldingen was already inhabited during the Neolithic and Bronze ages. During the time of the Roman Empire there may have been a port, as the discovery of coins from the 1st century AD suggests. Oberuhldingen is situated at a Roman road from Meersburg to the valley of Salem (Baden) where remains of a Roman estate have been found.
The parish of Seefelden was possibly founded already in the 7th century and, along with Bermatingen, Aufkirch und Reichenau Monastery, is one of the first churches of the northern Lake Constance area. Thus it may have been witness to the first Christian conversions through the Frankish Empire. (Official documents mention it for the first time in 1165.) It was subject to the Bishop of Constance.
The name Uhldingen was mentioned for the first time in documents from 1058 as Oweltinga/Ouweltingen; later the names Uoldingen and Ueldingen were used. The town carries the name of the eldest Owalt from Alemannic times. Mühlhofen was first mentioned in 1165 as Mulnhoven.
For the year 1175 a document by Frederick Barbarossa states the existence of ship traffic between Unteruhldingen and Konstanz.
In the 12th century Salem Abbey began targeted property purchases in Uhldingen and the surrounding area. Presumably in Seefelden a monastery was founded in 1227, which belonged to Salem. A few years later it was moved to Baindt.
In 1348 the plague devastated the area.
At the hill of Zihlbühl, in the Knappenhöhle cave, medieval efforts to dig for gold were only scarcely successful.
On the lower Lichtenberg there was a castle which was destroyed in 1499 during the Swabian War. It was the residence of the lord of Oberrieden.
From 1264 the villages Oberuhldingen, Mühlhofen and Seefelden belonged to the territory of Salem Abbey. Unteruhldingen was on the neighbouring territory of the county of Heiligenberg, which became part of the Principality of Fürstenberg in 1516.
The port villages of Maurach and Unteruhldingen were hubs for goods from the Salem valley and for salt, which were imported by Salem from their own salt mines. A sunk salt ship still lies on the bottom of the lake in front of modern Unteruhldingen harbour. The Bishop of Constance also owned land here. From 1733 Uhldingen harbour was the main port of the county of Heiligenberg.
After secularization in 1803/1804, the villages of Oberuhldingen, Unteruhldingen and Mühlhofen were given to the Margraviate of Baden and became independent towns.
From 1939 until the county reform of 1973 they belonged to the county of Überlingen. Since then they are part of the Bodenseekreis. On 1 January 1972 Unteruhldingen, Oberuhldingen and Mühlhofen were united into the commune of Uhldingen-Mühlhofen.
Politics
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen, the city of Meersburg and the communes of Daisendorf, Hagnau and Stetten are joined in an administrative association.
Coat of arms
The coat of arms of Uhldingen-Mühlhofen symbolises the flourishing of the three member villages with three white roses on a red background. The three segments with blue waves on a white background represent Lake Constance and the Seefelder Aach, which flows from Salem valley through the territory of the commune into the lake.
Mayors
1972-1996: Karl-Heinz Weber, CDU
1996-2004: Ralph Bürk, GRÜNE
2004–2020: Edgar Lamm, CDU
2020–present: Dominik Männle
Economy and infrastructure
Around 12 km² of the commune's territory are still used agriculturally dominated by orchards and vineyards.
A part of the working population commutes into the nearby cities like Überlingen and Friedrichshafen. In the town itself people work predominantly in middle class professions. There has been a continuing trend from a producing to the service sector. In particular, tourism plays an important role.
Traffic
Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is on the Bundesstraße B 31 about 7 km east of Überlingen and 3 km west of Meersburg. The holiday resort of Unteruhldingen is located distant from the Bundesstraße at the less used Meersburger Straße near the shore of the lake.
The town can also be reached by trains of the Deutschen Bahn AG on the Stahringen–Friedrichshafen railway. The train station is in Oberuhldingen. A bus line connects it to Salem and other neighbouring towns and holiday destinations.
From the lake Uhldingen-Mühlhofen can be reached by the ships of Bodensee-Schiffsbetriebe. In particular, there is a connection to the island of Mainau.
Parallel to the shore is a cycling track from Meersburg to Unteruhldingen, through the protected natural reserve near Seefelden and on to Überlingen.
Main sights
World heritage site
It is home to one or more prehistoric pile-dwelling (or stilt house) settlements that are part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Museums
The Pfahlbauten open-air museum in Unteruhldingen displays archeological finds and reconstructions of Neolithic and Bronze Age pile dwellings. The buildings are idealized reconstructions from between the 1922 and 1941, which were designed based on digs of the Wasserburg Buchau at Federsee. After 1945 the museum was led by the controversial archeologist Hans Reinerth, one of the leading Nazi archaeologists of the Amt Rosenberg. This museum has been expanded since to incorporate modern research.
Buildings
Visible from afar is the pilgrimage church and Cistercian Monastery of Birnau, erected by Franz Beer from 1746-1759 for Salem Abbey. Its baroque style, the interior rococo design by Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer and Gottfried Bernhard Göz, as well as the picturesque view from the square before the cathedral made Birnau one of the most popular tourist destinations at Lake Constance.
The baroque Castle Maurach below the cathedral once served the monastery as a port and as summer residence for the abbots. Today it is used as a conference centre.
Moreover, there are the parish church of St Martin in Seefelden whose tower is from the 12th century. The new gothic altar is from the year 1912 and depicts the life of St Martin of Tours; the confessionals were carved in Joseph Anton Feuchtmayer's workshop and were in Birnau until 1806.
The chapel of Unteruhldingen is from the year 1505. It has a baroque altar, which was original in Seefelden, as well as a number of wood carvings from the time of its foundation. The historical Unteruhldingen town hall, once the bath house, is also from this era.
In the Chapel of St Wolfgang Oberuhldingen also possesses a historical attraction from the 16th century. The abbot of Salem, Stephan I. Jung had them decorated in 1711 in baroque style. The altar shows a view of Salem Abbey.
Monuments
About 200 metres east of the cathedral of Birnau, just above the B31, is the monument and a cemetery for inmates of a concentration camp who died during the construction of tunnels near Goldbach.
Personalities
Honorary citizen
1996: Karl-Heinz Weber, Mayor
Literature
Überlingen und der Linzgau am Bodensee. Stuttgart: Theiss 1972.
References
External links
Pfahlbauten open-air museum
Bodenseekreis
Colorado State Penitentiary (commonly abbreviated CSP) is a Level V maximum security prison in the U.S. state of Colorado. The facility is part of the state's East Cañon Complex, together with six other state correctional facilities of various security levels.
Description
CSP is located in Fremont County, just east of the county seat Cañon City, Colorado. It is one of 25 prisons in the Colorado Department of Corrections system, and one of seven in and around Cañon City.
The oldest of the seven, originally built in 1871 and predating Colorado's statehood, was the original State Penitentiary. This is the site of Colorado's death row, and the 1929 prison riot. After the 1993 construction of the current facility, that prison was re-dedicated as the medium-security Colorado Territorial Correctional Facility. It is located within the city limits of Cañon City.
Other prisons in the East Cañon Complex include the Arrowhead Correctional Center, the Centennial Correctional Facility, Four Mile Correctional Center, the Fremont Correctional Facility, and Skyline Correctional Center, all nearby in unincorporated Fremont County. The Colorado Women's Correctional Facility near Cañon City in unincorporated Fremont County was decommissioned on June 4, 2009.
Today CSP houses some of Colorado's most dangerous, most violent and most disruptive prisoners. It also holds the state's lethal injection chamber for execution of the death penalty. The prisoners with death sentences are held on "death row" at Sterling Correctional Facility.
All inmates at Colorado State Penitentiary are held in solitary confinement, officially termed Administrative Segregation (AdSeg). AdSeg inmates are all held in solitary cells on 23-hour lockdown for their entire sentence. Such conditions have been held to be adverse for prisoners' mental health and can aggravate existing mental problems. CSP allows offenders out of their cells for an hour per day, including yard time.
As of 2011 the prison has 984 prisoners.
Death row
When the Colorado State Penitentiary opened, death row was moved there from the Colorado Territorial Correctional Facility. Colorado has had no physical death row since 2011, when the State of Colorado moved its death row prisoners to the Sterling Correctional Facility. This was done in settlement of a federal lawsuit filed by Nathan Dunlap, a death row prisoner who had complained about the adverse effects of their physical and mental health of the state's lack of outdoor exercise facilities at Colorado State Penitentiary. By state statute, inmates sentenced to death are executed at the Colorado State Penitentiary. Each is held here for the week before a scheduled execution in a separate holding cell located in the execution suite. All prisoners with death sentences are classified as "securest custody level, administrative segregation".
Capital Punishment was abolished by the legislature for any crime committed after July 2020 in Colorado, with the only three men on death row being granted clemency from suffering death by governor Jared Polis.
Notable inmates
Charles 'Chucky' Limbrick Jr. - The Youngest person in Colorado State history to be tried as an adult. Convicted of 1st Degree murder in 1988, when they were 15 years old, for the death of their mother in Colorado Springs, and sentenced to 40 years to life. Released from prison on parole in 2011, by orders of Colorado Governor Bill Ritter.
Scott Lee Kimball - Serial killer, sentenced to 70 years in 2009, held here following escape attempt from Sterling in 2017 until transfer to federal prison in 2021.
James Eagan Holmes - sentenced to 12 straight life sentences plus over 3 millennia in prison for the 2012 Aurora, Colorado shooting in a movie theater, in which they killed twelve people and wounded others. Transferred to USP Allenwood in Pennsylvania.
Jack Gilbert Graham - Responsible for bombing of United Airlines Flight 629 carrying their mother, killing all passengers.
Benjamin Ratcliff - hanged on February 7, 1896, for the murders in 1895 of three school-board members in Park County.
Nathan Dunlap - Sentenced to death in 1996 in Arapahoe County for killing four people during a revenge killing and robbery at an Aurora Chuck-E-Cheese restaurant in 1993. Dunlap was granted a temporary reprieve from execution by Colorado Governor John Hickenlooper in 2013. Dunlap's sentence was commuted to life without parole after the state abolished use of the death penalty.
Sir Mario Owens - in 2008, sentenced to death in Arapahoe County for the murder of witnesses of a previous murder for which they were convicted. Their sentence was commuted to life without parole on March 23, 2020, after the state abolished the death penalty.
Robert Ray - in 2010, sentenced to death in Arapahoe County.  They are the co-defendant in the same case as Sir Mario Owens. Their sentence commuted to life without parole on March 23, 2020, after abolition of the death penalty.
Freddie Glenn - Murdered actor Kelsey Grammer's sister, Karen, in 1975.
In popular media
CSP was the focus of the documentary series National Geographic Explorer episode "Solitary Confinement". The episode was first broadcast April 11, 2010.
The original penitentiary was the subject of the 1948 semi-documentary Canon City, chronicling the December 30, 1947, prison break of 12 inmates. Principal filming was conducted in the prison and environs of Cañon City six months after the actual event.
Maximum Insecurity, an Amazon bestseller, gives an inside look at the medical system at the Colorado State Penitentiary.
In Tallgrass, a novel by Sandra Dallas, Bobby Archuleta, a beet farmer who confesses to raping and killing their sister-in-law, a teenage girl with polio, is sent to the Colorado State Penitentiary after confessing.
Further reading
External links
Official website
References
Buildings and structures in Fremont County, Colorado
Prisons in Colorado
Execution sites in the United States
1993 establishments in Colorado
Air Marshal Dame Susan Catherine Gray, ( Jessop; born 21 October 1963) is a former senior Royal Air Force officer. Since 2019, they have been Director-General of the Defence Safety Authority. They served as Director of Combat Air at Defence Equipment and Support in the Ministry of Defence (2014–16), and as Air Officer Commanding No. 38 Group (2016–18).  They are the most senior female officer ever to serve in the British Armed Forces.
Early life and education
Gray was born on 21 October 1963. They studied electronics at Newcastle Polytechnic (now the Northumbria University), graduating with a Bachelor of Science degree.
Military career
Gray joined the Engineer Branch of the Women's Royal Air Force (WRAF) in 1985. They were promoted to flying officer on 18 February 1986, and to flight lieutenant on 18 February 1989. In 1991, they were deployed with the Support Helicopter Force to Iraq as part of the Gulf War. On 15 June 1992, they moved from a Short Service Commission to a Permanent Commission, and therefore extended their service time to retirement age.
In 1994, the Women's Royal Air Force merged into the previously all-male Royal Air Force (RAF). Since then, Gray has served in the RAF. On 1 July 1994, as part of the half-yearly promotions, they were promoted to squadron leader. On 1 January 2001, as part of the half-yearly promotions, they were promoted to wing commander. In 2003, they were once more deployed to Iraq, this time as part of Operation Telic (the Iraq War) and served as Chief Engineer for the Joint Helicopter Force.
Air officer
Gray was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2005 New Year Honours and, on 1 January as part of the half-yearly promotions, they were promoted to air commodore.
On 29 January 2014, Gray was promoted to air vice-marshal and appointed Director of Combat Air at Defence Equipment and Support in the Ministry of Defence. In that role they were "responsible for the procurement and maintenance of all combat aircraft, training aircraft and remotely-piloted air systems for the armed forces".  They are the second female officer to be promoted to non-honorary two-star rank (major general in the British Army, rear admiral in the Royal Navy or air vice marshal in the Royal Air Force) in the British Armed Forces since the Second World War; the first was Elaine West who had been promoted to air vice-marshal in August 2013. In February 2016, it was announced that they would be the next Air Officer Commanding No. 38 Group. They took up the appointment on 16 June 2016 in succession to Tim Bishop. Gray was appointed Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the 2017 New Year Honours, and was elected a Fellow of the Royal Academy of Engineering. They handed over command of No. 38 Group to Air Commodore Simon Ellard in December 2018.
On 20 February 2019, it was announced that Gray had been promoted to air marshal, and thus becomes Britain's first ever female three-star officer: they thereby became the most senior female officer in the British Armed Forces. Between March 2019, and January 2022, they were the Director General of the Defence Safety Authority. Gray retired in May 2022.
Gray is a recipient of three campaign medals; the General Service Medal, the Gulf Medal, and the Iraq Medal.  They are also a recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal and the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal.
Gray was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours.
References
|-
1960s births
21st-century women engineers
Alumni of Northumbria University
British women engineers
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Female air force generals and air marshals
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Female Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Living people
Royal Air Force air marshals
Royal Air Force personnel of the Gulf War
Royal Air Force personnel of the Iraq War
Women's Royal Air Force officers
Human Conditions is the second album by English singer-songwriter, Richard Ashcroft. It was released on Hut Records in 2002.
Release and reception
Review aggregating website Metacritic reports a normalised score of 61 based on 15 reviews, which indicated a "generally favourable" reception. However, many of the critics had negative views of Ashcroft's ideas. Some of the negative reviews, included Nick Southall of Stylus, who remarked that "Ashcroft obviously sees themselves as some kind of incisive commentator with a greater depth of understanding of the human condition than those around him. This record reveals with alarming clarity that they are actually a poor songwriter, dire lyricist, and arrogant buffoon all at the same time." Andrew Lynch of entertainment.ie gave the album two stars out of five, calling it "in the final analysis, quite unbelievably boring." Rowan Shaeffer of Counterculture gave it three stars out of five and praised aspects of the album, though still feeling that "for the most part Richard Ashcroft seems be going through the motions; and while he's produced a good album, it's an ultimately unfulfilling listen."
Details
In 2003, when asked about the naysayers to the album, Ashcroft responded: "If I had put on fifteen stone and Kate had left me and I'd almost [overdosed] on smack, then this record would have been received very well".
Track listing
All tracks composed by Richard Ashcroft
"Check the Meaning" – 8:04
"Buy It in Bottles" – 4:39
"Bright Lights" – 5:15
"Paradise" – 5:37
"God in the Numbers" – 6:58
"Science of Silence" – 4:15
"Man on a Mission" – 5:29
"Running Away" – 4:16
"Lord I've Been Trying" – 5:23
"Nature Is the Law" – 4:55
Bonus track
The Japanese and American editions of the album featured one bonus track originally released as a B-side for the UK single "Check the Meaning".
"The Miracle" – 3:51
Personnel
Richard Ashcroft – vocals, guitar, percussion, bass, piano, Wurlitzer, keyboards
Peter Salisbury – drums
Kate Radley – keyboards
Martyn Campbell – bass
Talvin Singh – tablas, beats, drones, shruti box, duggi tarang, m adal
Chuck Leavell – piano, Hammond organ
Richard Robson – programming
Steve Sidelnyk – drum programming, programming
Craig Wagstaff – percussion
Jim Hunt – flute, saxophone
Matt Clifford – Wurlitzer
Brian Wilson – backing vocals, backing vocal arrangement
Wil Malone – orchestral arrangements, conducting
The London Session Orchestra – strings
London Community Gospel Choir – choir
Release details
References
External links
Richard Ashcroft: Human Conditions (2003): Reviews at Metacritic.
[ Billboard.com – Discography – Richard Ashcroft – Human Conditions] at Billboard.com
Richard Ashcroft albums
2002 albums
Albums produced by Chris Potter (record producer)
Hut Records albums
Virgin Records albums
World Sports Values Summit for Peace is an international conference which is aimed at pursuing the value of the sports and discussing and disseminating how support can socially contribute to peace and respect for human rights.
History
The first World Sports Values Summit for Peace was held in London under the theme of “Olympic Values: London and Beyond” from June 29 through July 1, 2012. The event highlighted the three overarching themes discussed at the two-day symposium: the meaning of Olympic values in the twenty-first century; how to realize them more effectively in sport, at the Games and beyond; and how to leverage them for broader goals, nationally and internationally, including human right and peace. Related to the first Summit, a global essay contest was also held, in which 265 students from 61 countries shared their ideas about Olympic values and how to realize them through sport, culture, education, and other public initiatives.
The second Summit, World Sports Values Summit for Peace in Tokyo, was held at Hotel New Otani Tokyo on July 18 and 19. It was aimed at highlighting the positive roles that sport can play in furthering the cause of peace and human development. It was declared at the end of the event that the World Sports Values Summit for Peace will be periodically held thereafter too.
The third Summit, World Sports Values Summit for Peace and Development was held on May 22 and 23, 2014 at the Headquarters of the United Nations. Delegates from a number of nations discussed about the constructive strategy to overcome challenges we face today through sports. It was announced that a partnership had been engaged between International Sports Promotion Society, the host organization of the second Summit, and United Nations Alliance of Civilizations, the host organization of the third Summit.
List
References
External links
ISPS (in Japanese)
UNAOC
UN WEB TV
World Sports Values Summit for Peace and Development
International Sports Promotion Society
International conferences
Sports event promotion companies
Politics and sports
Damp usually refers to the word moist. It may also refer to:
Music
Damp (Norwegian band), a Norwegian band
Damp (album), a 2006 a compilation album by experimental/industrial band Foetus
Science and technology
DAMP Project, a ballistic missiles research program
DAMP (software bundle), a solution stack of software used to run dynamic Web sites
4-DAMP (1,1-dimethyl-4-diphenylacetoxypiperidinium iodide), a muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist
Deficits in Attention, Motor control and Perception, a psychiatric concept
Deoxyadenosine monophosphate, or dAMP, a nucleic acid
Digital AMPS, or D-AMPS, second-generation mobile phone systems
Hitachi Disk Array Management Program, a software for managing disk storage array
Damage-associated molecular pattern, a part of the immune system
Other uses
Damp (structural), the presence of unwanted moisture in the structure of a building
Damp (mining), a gaseous product formed in coal mines, pits, etc.
Damp, Germany, a municipality in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany
Developmentally Appropriate Musical Practice, a practice in music education
See also
Damper (disambiguation)
Damping (disambiguation)
Xylophis mosaicus, the Anamalai wood snake, is a species of snake in the family Pareidae. It is endemic to the Western Ghats of India.
Geographic range
X. mosaicus is found in the Anamalai region of the Western Ghats in the Indian states of Kerala and Tamil Nadu.
References
Pareidae
Snakes of Asia
Reptiles of India
Endemic fauna of the Western Ghats
Reptiles described in 2020
Taxa named by Veerappan Deepak
Trash Fashion are a four-piece band made up of brothers Tom Marsh and Ben Marsh (lead vocals and lead guitar, respectively) joined by Matt Emerson (as drummer) and Jim Ready (as bassist). Their current UK record label is Propaganda Records and in Japan it is Vinyl Junkie. All members originally hail from Birmingham and are now based in London.
Members
In early 2009, the band replaced their previous stage names (shown in brackets) with their real-life first names on their MySpace.
Tom Marsh ("Jet Storm") — keyboards, lead vocals
Ben Marsh ("Mason Storm") — guitar, vocals
Matt Emerson ("Bam Bam") — drums
Jim Ready ("Jimbo Ready") — bass
Former members
K-Bomb left the band in May 2008 to pursue their solo project, Kurran and the Wolfnotes .
Musical style
Trash Fashion describe their sound as "Guntronic Disco Warehouse Rock" but are often placed in the New Rave category, citing Black Strobe, Tiga, Daft Punk, Altern8, The Prodigy, Shalamar, Prince, Stevie Wonder, and Iron Maiden as some of their influences.
Trash Fashion also cover songs from established bands, such as Madness and Hall & Oates .
Discography
Albums
Nights of Error (album) (Released 20-10-2008), Propaganda Records
Beat Goes Round
Why Can't We Be Friends
We Go To War
Spread the Love
Night of Error
Rabbit in the Headlights
Mom and Daddy
Rave Dave
I Got Slimed
Tight Body
Uphill Struggle
What Am I Supposed To Do
Eat our Skill (Japan only mini-album) (Released 4-6-2008), Vinyl Junkie
EPs
I can't go for that (Released 2009)
Why Can't We Be Friends? (Released 10-3-2008)
Mom & Daddy (2007)
Singles
References
External links
Official Website
Trash Fashion on Last FM
'Rave Dog - a documentary about Trash fashion and New Rave on FourDocs'
Musical groups established in 2005
Esiẹ Museum is a museum in Esiẹ, Kwara State, Nigeria.
The museum was the first to be established in Nigeria when it opened in 1945. The museum once housed over one thousand tombstone figures or images representing human beings.
It is reputed to have the largest collection of soapstone images in the world. In modern times the Esie museum has been the center of religious activities and hosts a festival in the month of April every year.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Museums established in 1945
Kwara State
The third season of Arab Idol premiered on 5 September 2014. Auditions were held in Beirut, Bahrain, Kuwait, Algeria, Cairo, Alexandria, Dubai, Morocco, Palestine, the Iraqi-Kurdish city of Irbil and on the European continent, notably in Paris and Berlin. Emirates Airlines was a major sponsor of season 3. The winner of the season was Hazem Shareef from Syria.
Auditions
MBC1 announced on the venues where auditions for Arab Idol would be held, and many cities were added very notably Ramallah in areas of the Palestinian Authority. Arab diaspora applicants were better serviced with addition to could apply like Paris, France and Berlin, Germany.
Venues for auditions were:
26 February 2014: Casablanca, Morocco
2 March 2014: Paris, France
5 March 2014: Berlin, Germany
7 March 2014: Tlemcen, Algeria
9 March 2014: Alexandria, Egypt
13 March 2014: Cairo, Egypt
17 March 2014: Ramallah, Palestinian Authority
17 March 2014: Kuwait City, Kuwait
20 March 2014: Manama, Bahrain
22 March 2014: Dubai, United Arab Emirates
25 March 2014: Erbil, Iraq
30 March 2014: Beirut, Lebanon
Judges
Three of the four judges from season 2 returned with Ragheb Alama being replaced, after two consecutive seasons, by another well-known Lebanese singer, Wael Kfoury, who was recently a judge on the pan-Arabian version of The X Factor. The judging panel comprised:
Wael Kfoury - Singer and composer
Ahlam - Singer and composer
Hassan El Shafei - Music producer, record producer and vocalist
Nancy Ajram - Singer
Contestants
Eighty candidates were chosen from all venues to be auditioned in Beirut. They were divided into 14 groups, each presenting a group presentation of various genres like Egyptian, Iraqi, Syrian, Lebanese, Khaleeji etc. In episodes 5 and 6, a total of 26 finalists were chosen from the initial group presentations to go to the live rounds.
Season 3 was also notable because of the presence of non-Arabic-speaking contestants at the auditions. Some examples included Nao Koyasu, a Japanese lady who auditioned in Dubai; and sisters Karishma and Prateeka Hemanathan, both from south India, who auditioned in Bahrain, among others. Of these, only Koyasu made it through to the next round, the group challenge, though they did not make it any further.
Male contestants chosen were:
From Algeria: Mounir Bedouhan (28), Agrad Yagurta (22)
From Egypt: Mohammad Hassan (30), Mohammad Saeed (26), Yasser Ali (23), Mu'men Khalil (19), Mohammed Rashad (26)
From Iraq: Ali Najm (20), Ammar al Koufi (23)
From Lebanon: Georges Najm (29)
From Morocco: Issam al Mouzni (22)
From Palestine: Haitham Khalaylee (24), Ahmad Kharroub (34)
From Saudi Arabia: Abdelaziz al Shareef (22), Majed al Madani (26)
From Syria: Hazem Shareef (21 years)
From Tunisia: Ameen Bourguiba (21)
From Arab Emirates}} United Arab Emirates: Hameed al Abdouli (23)
From Yemen: Waleed al Jilani (29)
Female contestants chosen were:
From Egypt: Hiballah Youssef (28), Mirvat Wajdi (18), Salma Ahmad (18), Inath Ezzeddin (27), Iman Abdelaziz (26)
From Morocco: Sahar Marbouha (20)
From Palestine: Manal Moussa (25)
From Syria: Sahar Bou Sharrouf (27)
This way, in the final 26, eleven Arab countries were represented, with Egypt getting 10 nominated candidates of the total 26 contestants.
Final ranking
On finale night, December 13, 2014, Hazem Shareef from Syria was crowned the winner of the third season of Arab Idol in a tough competition against Haitham Khalaily from Palestine and Majed Madani from Saudi Arabia.
Hazem Shareef, Syria - Title winner
Haitham Khalayla, Palestine - Runner-up
Majed al Madani, Saudi Arabia - Second runner-up
Mohammad Rashad, Egypt
Ammar al Koufi, Iraq / Kurdistan
Waleed al Jilani, Yemen
Manal Moussa, Palestine
Inas Ezzeddin, Egypt
Mohammad Hassan, Egypt
Ajrad Yaghourta, Algeria
Sahar Abou Sharouf, Syria
Hameed al Abdouli, United Arab Emirates
Mu'min Khalil, Egypt
References
2010s Lebanese television series
Idols (franchise)
Madala is a village in the Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh. It is located in the Muppalla mandal of the Guntur revenue division.
Geography
Varagani is situated northeast of the mandal headquarters, Medikonduru, at . It is spread over an area of .
Governance
Madala gram panchayat is the local self-government of the village. It is divided into wards and each ward is represented by a ward member.
Education
As per the school information report for the academic year 2018–19, the village has 11 schools. These are 9 Zilla Parishad/MPP and 2 other types of schools.
References
Villages in Guntur district
Yarmukhametovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Yaratovsky Selsoviet, Baymaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 182 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Yarmukhametovo is located 39 km west of Baymak (the district's administrative centre) by road. Gadelbayevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Baymaksky District
Michael Hollingshead (?–1984?) was a British researcher who studied psychedelic drugs, including psilocybin and LSD, at Harvard University in the mid-20th century. They were the father of comedian Vanessa Hollingshead. They evangelized the use of LSD to many notable figures.
Biography
Hollingshead was the Executive Secretary for the Institute of British-American Cultural Exchange in 1961. Dr. John Beresford, a research scientist, received a package of one gram of LSD from Sandoz Laboratories in Switzerland at a time when it was still legal to experiment with it. Beresford, in turn, gave part of the gram to Hollingshead. One of Hollingshead's experiments studied the effects on web-weaving by spiders under the influence of the drug.
Hollingshead claims to have first tried LSD by licking the spoon of a batch of LSD-laced cake icing they had packed in a mayonnaise jar for transport. (This jar was to become the object of psychedelic legend.) Following this first experience, Hollingshead contacted Aldous Huxley, who suggested they get in contact with Timothy Leary to discuss the potential of the drug. In September 1961, Hollingshead met Leary in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and was invited to live in the latter's house and teach a course at Harvard. Shortly thereafter, they introduced Leary to LSD.
Hollingshead participated in the Concord Prison Experiment with Leary, Ralph Metzner, and others in 1962. For the next few years they worked with psychedelic therapists, and lived at Millbrook, New York with Leary and Richard Alpert (a.k.a. Ram Dass). They then set up a New York-based project of their own together with Jean Houston, where guided trips were performed and data gathered which, according to Hollingshead's book, formed the core material for Masters' and Houston's work The Varieties of Psychedelic Experience. In 1965, they moved to London and opened the World Psychedelic Center.
They also worked in experimental film, collaborating on the Scott Bartlett short subject "A Trip to the Moon", in 1968.
Hollingshead was an associate of the Castalia Foundation, a contributor to the Psychedelic Review, and interviewed cult writer Robert Anton Wilson for High Times magazine in 1980.
According to Psychedelia Britannica, Hollingswood died in the early 1980s. In a 2018 interview, Hollingshead's daughter Vanessa said that their father died in Bolivia from a stomach ulcer in 1984.
Influence
Apart from Leary, those Hollingshead is reputed to have introduced to LSD include writers William S. Burroughs and Paul Krassner, comparative religions scholar Huston Smith, philosopher Alan Watts, graphic designer Storm Thorgerson, film director Roman Polanski, poet Allen Ginsberg, business person-financier Saul Steinberg, musicians Donovan, Keith Richards, Pete LaRoca, Charles Mingus, Maynard Ferguson and Paul McCartney, John Lennon, and George Harrison of the Beatles.
Bibliography and articles
Hollingshead, Michael & Timothy Leary, George Litwin, Günther Weil, Richard Alpert (1962) The Politics of the Nervous System. - The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists (1962) by Atomic Scientists of Chicago, Educational Foundation for Nuclear Science (Chicago, Ill.) (response to Psycho Chemicals as Weapons by Dr. E. James Lieberman - January 1962)
Hollingshead, Michael (1973) The Man Who Turned On the World. Abelard-Schuman Publ. New York (also Blond & Briggs, Ltd.)
The Sayings of Michael Hollingshead. Blotter magazine Issue #3
Hollingshead, Michael (1968) Introduction to "Lightshow" Harbinger Magazine (produced by the Oracle staff as their 13th issue and attempted revival of the publication) Harbinger University Press, July 1968. by Michael Hollingshead
Harris, Lee & Chris Render (1994) Best of Homegrown Red Shift (contributor to anthology of Homegrown magazine)
References
External links
Profile
The Man Who Turned on the World, their 1973 autobiography.
Year of birth missing (living people)
British psychedelic drug advocates
Harvard University faculty
Psychedelic drug researchers
Magude District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique. The principal town is Magude. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Massingir and Chókwè Districts of Gaza Province in the north, Manhiça District in the east, Moamba District in the south, and with South Africa in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 53,317 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal river in the district is the Komati River. Other rivers, such as the Mazimuchopes River, the Massintonto River, and the Uanétze River, are seasonal and only flow during the rainy season.
The climate is subtropical dry, with the annual rainfall being .
History
The name Magude originates from Magudzo Cossa, a Xhosa king who was active in the area in the second half of the 19th century. Before 1874, the Magude Circunscrição, an administrative unit in colonial Portuguese Africa, was established, but the descendants of Magudzo Cossa retained the traditional role of the chiefs and were incorporated into the government.
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 41% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Xichangana. 59% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into five postos, Magude, Mapulanguene, Mahela, Motaze, and Panjane, which in total contain 18 localities.
Economy
6% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 7,500 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district of the total length of , of which are paved. There is a bridge over the Komati River, which requires a restoration.
References
Further reading
Heidi Gengenbach, "Binding Memories: Women as Makers and Tellers of History in Magude, Mozambique." Columbia U Press, 2004.
Districts in Maputo Province
USS Empress (SP-569) was a United States Navy passenger barge in commission during 1917.
Empress was built as a commercial barge in 1912. On 17 October 1917, the U.S. Navy acquired them for use as a passenger barge during World War I. Assigned the section patrol number 569, they entered service as USS Empress (SP-569).
Empress was under tow from New York City to Newport, Rhode Island, when their seams opened and they sank on 4 November 1917.
References
SP-569 Empress at Department of the Navy Naval History and Heritage Command Online Library of Selected Images: U.S. Navy Ships -- Listed by Hull Number: "SP" #s and "ID" #s -- World War I Era Patrol Vessels and other Acquired Ships and Craft numbered from SP-500 through SP-599
NavSource Online: Section Patrol Craft Photo Archive: Empress (SP 569)
Auxiliary ships of the United States Navy
World War I auxiliary ships of the United States
1912 ships
Maritime incidents in 1917
Shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Darshana TV is a Malayalam television channel based in Kozhikode, Kerala, India. It was launched on 1 January 2012. The channel was licensed on 21 June 2010 from the Indian Ministry of Information.
Darshana TV has its corporate office in Nadakkavu, Kozhikode. It is the first entity of its kind based in the Malabar region.
Available on Cable-
Asianet Digital TV (India) - Channel 665
References
External links
Malayalam-language television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2012
The 2009 America East Conference Baseball Tournament took place from May 21-23 at Pete Sylvester Field in Endicott, New York. The top four regular season finishers of the league's seven teams qualified for the double-elimination tournament. In the championship game, first-seeded Binghamton defeated second-seeded Albany, 16-6, to win its first tournament championship. As a result, Binghamton received the America East's automatic bid to the 2009 NCAA Tournament, the program's first.
Seeding
The top four finishers from the regular season were seeded one through four based on conference winning percentage only. They then played in a double-elimination format. In the first round, the one and four seeds were matched up in one game, while the two and three seeds were matched up in the other.
Results
All-Tournament Team
The following players were named to the All-Tournament Team.
Most Outstanding Player
Binghamton second baseman Jim Calderone was named Most Outstanding Player.
References
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Tournament
American East Conference Baseball Tournament
America East Conference Baseball Tournament
Baseball in New York (state)
Sports competitions in New York (state)
The following is a list of awards and nominations received by Rosie Perez, an American actor known for their roles on the stage and screen.
Perez became known for their breakout film role as Tina in Spike Lee's critically acclaimed drama film Do the Right Thing (1989). They also starred in drama White Men Can't Jump (1992) for which they received two nominations from the Chicago Film Critics Association. In 1993, they have received an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress nomination for their performance in the Peter Weir directed American drama film Fearless. In 2007 they received a Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female nomination for their performance in the crime drama The Take. For their work in television they received three Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography nominations for their work on the sketch comedy series In Living Color. They also appeared in Lipstick Jungle (2009-09), Law and Order: Special Victims Unit (2009), Nurse Jackie (2012), Search Party (2016), and She's Gotta Have It (2019). They also appeared in the HBO drama series The Flight Attendant (2020) for which they were nominated for the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series.
Major associations
Academy Awards
Emmy Awards
Golden Globe Awards
Screen Actors Guild Awards
Independent Spirit Awards
Miscellaneous awards
References
Perez, Rosie
Carver High School is a traditional public high school located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States. It serves students in grade levels 9–12 as part of the Winston-Salem/Forsyth County Schools system. This historically black school was named for George Washington Carver. The school colors are blue and gold and the mascot is the yellow jacket.
There are 966 students who attend Carver High School and 94 staff members. Over 100 of these students attend the Career Center in Winston-Salem to take alternate courses not offered at Carver.
History
Carver School was founded in 1936 as an African American school for all grade levels. In 1963 Carver became an integrated school serving grade levels 7-12. Carver School became Carver High School a few years later in 1971, changing to only grades 9 and 10. As of 1984 when changes were made, Carver High School has been a traditional high school serving grades 9–12.
In 2013 a student shot another student at the school and was arrested by a school resource officer. The shooter Christopher Lamont Richardson, who was 18 at the time of the shooting, was sentenced to between two years and three years, two months in prison. They were also placed on supervised probation for three years.
Achievements
Carver High School currently holds the record for the most students in Forsyth County to be signed up for It's My Call program. This program promotes a commitment to a healthy and drug-free lifestyle.
The Carver Drill Team, one of the many extra curricular activities is the JROTC program offers. The CHS JROTC has held numerous top placements in not only the Eastern Region Championships, but in the National High School Drill Team Championships as well. In the 2007 Army Eastern Region Championships the team, led by SGM Olden Bryant (Instructor) and LTC Tyler Smith (Drill Team Commander), placed first in Armed Exhibition with a score never before achieved by any team in this level of competition.
The Carver High School football team has won 13 conference championships. They were also NCHSAA 3-A Football State Champions in 1998 and 2002.
Organizations
Student organizations include Carver Against Destructive Decisions in Youth (C.A.D.D.Y.), a branch of the national SADD (Students Against Destructive Decisions), Drill Team, Colorguard, Raider Team, Drama Club, Crosby Scholars, Marching Band, Teen Forum, Student Council, Academic Team, Quill and Scroll, Serteen Club, Ebony Society, Gospel Choir, National Honor Society, We Mentor, Carver Ambassadors, Visible Voice, Men of Distinction, and Daughters of Destiny.
Sports
Carver High School is a part of the North Carolina High School Athletic Association (NCHSAA). Its mascot is the Yellow Jacket, with the school colors being blue and gold.
CHS has sports teams that include Varsity Soccer, Varsity Football, Junior Varsity (JV) Football, Varsity Cheerleaders, Junior Varsity Cheerleaders, Sweet Stingers, Flag Divas, Varsity Boys Basketball, Junior Varsity Boys Basketball, Varsity Girls Basketball, Junior Varsity Girls Basketball, Varsity Baseball, Junior Varsity Baseball, Softball, Volleyball, Indoor Track, Spring Track, Wrestling, Bowling, Golf, and Tennis.
Journalism
The Carver High School newspaper is known as The Courier. Apiary, the school yearbook, released Volume XXIV of its publication at the end of the 2007–08 school year. Visible Voice is Carver High School's literary magazine that is published by students online. All of Carver's publications are worked on by student organizations under the guidance of teacher advisors.
Notable alumni
Ray Agnew former NFL player and director of pro personal for the Los Angeles Rams
Chris Hairston NFL offensive tackle
Camille Little WNBA player
Tasha Marbury reality television personality, cast member of VH1's reality series Basketball Wives
Denzel Rice NFL cornerback
Megan Smith college softball head coach
References
External links
Official Site
High schools in Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Public high schools in North Carolina
Historically segregated African-American schools in North Carolina
Aruba competed in the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 to 18 September 2016. The country's participation in Rio marked its debut appearance in the quadrennial event, although it had competed in the Summer Olympics eight times since the 1988 Games. The delegation consisted of a single short-distance swimmer, Jesus De Marchena Acevedo, who qualified for the Games by using a wildcard. They were chosen as the flag bearer for the opening ceremony and was disqualified from the first discipline they took part in, men's 50 metres freestyle (S7), for arriving late but later placed last overall in the 100 metres freestyle (S7).
Background
Aruba first competed in the Olympic Games at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. They participated eight occasions in Summer Olympics
prior to the 2016 Summer Paralympics, where they made their debut in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Shardea Croes came across disability sports during their studies in the United States and this prompted them to establish the National Paralympic Committee of Aruba in 2015. The NOC has been a member of the International Paralympic Committee since the same month. Aruba was one of six countries to make their debut appearance in the Paralympic Games; the others were Congo, Malawi, São Tomé and Príncipe, Somalia, and Togo. The Aruba National Paralympic Committee sent a single short-distance swimmer to the Games, Jesus De Marchena Acevedo, who was the flag bearer for the country in the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Swimming
Born with spina bifida, Jesus De Marchena Acevedo was the first Aruban Paralympic athlete to compete at the quadrennial event and was 22 years old at the time of the Games. They trained with their coach Jesus Arias de la Cruz in the run-up to the Paralympics. Since there were no Aruban athletes that met the standard qualifying times for swimming, Acevedo earned entry for the games by using a wild card. They were due to compete in the men's 50 metres freestyle S7 on 9 September but a miscommunication with organisers meant they were two minutes late for the start and was disqualified. Acevedo vowed to be present for their next event, the men's 100 metres freestyle S7, two hours in advance. They were drawn in the first heat on 16 September, finishing eighth (and last) out of all swimmers in a time of 2 minutes, 17.84 seconds. Overall, Acevado placed sixteenth (and last) out of all competing para-athletes and did not advance into the final because they were 1 minute, 10.48 seconds slower than the slowest swimmer who qualified for the final.
Men
See also
Aruba at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Aruba
This is a list of the main career statistics of a former professional badminton player, Lin Dan. Lin has won sixty-six singles titles, including five BWF Super Series Premier titles, fifteen BWF Super Series titles, and one BWF Super Series Finals title.  They are a two-time Olympic champion, five-time world champion and six-time all england champion as well.
Significant medal matches
Olympic Games
World Championships
World Cup
Asian Games
Asian Championships
East Asian Games
World Junior Championships
Asian Junior Championships
Other finals
BWF World Tour (2 titles, 3 runners-up)
The BWF World Tour, which was announced on 19 March 2017 and implemented in 2018, is a series of elite badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF). The BWF World Tours are divided into levels of World Tour Finals, Super 1000, Super 750, Super 500, Super 300 (part of the HSBC World Tour), and the BWF Tour Super 100.
BWF Superseries (21 titles, 10 runners-up)
The BWF Superseries, launched on 14 December 2006 and implemented in 2007, is a series of elite badminton tournaments, sanctioned by Badminton World Federation (BWF). BWF Superseries has two levels: Superseries and Superseries Premier. A season of Superseries features twelve tournaments around the world, which introduced since 2011, with successful players invited to the Superseries Finals held at the year end.
BWF Superseries Finals tournament
BWF Superseries Premier tournament
BWF Superseries tournament
IBF/BWF Grand Prix (28 titles, 6 runners-up)
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the BWF Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) which was held from 2007 to 2017. The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation (IBF) from 1983 to 2006.
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF & IBF Grand Prix tournament
Invitational tournament
Performance timeline
To avoid confusion and double counting, these charts are updated at the conclusion of a tournament or when the player's participation has ended.
Singles
This table is current through 2020 All England Open.
* : Means Lin Dan gave a walkover at their last round of this tournament (Lost the match and didn't count into the number of loss)
Notes
BWF Super Series Finals was held from 2008 to 2017, when BWF World Tour Finals replaced it.
Longest winning streak
34 match winning streak (2006)http://www.sport.gov.mo/uploads/wizdownload/201101/5833_u6luw.pdf
Record against other players
Record against top 10 players
Lin's record against players who have been ranked in the top 10 (exact as of current version):
Negative records against other players
Active players are in boldface.
Records
See also
Lee–Lin rivalry
References
Badminton career statistics
Badminton in China
Victoria Dubourg or Victoria Fantin-Latour (1 December 1840 – 30 September 1926) was a French still life painter.
Dubourg was born in Paris and trained with artist Fanny Chéron. There, they met the painter Henri Fantin-Latour, whom they married in 1876. They collaborated with them on their floral paintings, but also produced works under their own name that they signed "V Dubourg". Dubourg has been critiqued as an artist whose work lacks originality, simply reproducing the styles of their well known husband. However, a careful review of their early work shows that Dubourg began producing still life two years prior to meeting Fantin-Latour.
Them painting A Basket of Flowers was included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
Biography
Dubourg was born in 1840, and their parents recognized them when they married in 1843. They had one sister, Charlotte Dubourg (1850–1921). Dubourg's maternal family was originally from Orne. Them mother Françoise Bienvenu was born in Sées, where their parents lived. Them father Philippe Bienvenu then lived in Buré and bequeathed them the house located at a place called La Croix on their death on March 28, 1878. Fantin-Latour represents the Dubourg family bereaved after the disappearance of the old man.
The family lived for a few years in Frankfurt where Victor Dubourg trained in medicine after teaching Letters.
Back in Paris, Dubourg was trained by Fanny Chéron (born 1830), a woman painter originally from Mortagne who opened a workshop for young girls. A music lover and pianist, Dubourg also studied painting and copied the major works of artists such as Willem Kalf at the Louvre. There, they met Henri Fantin-Latour, who painted their first portrait of them in 1873. They later married in 1876.
Victoria Dubourg's early works displayed a style close to Fantin-Latour, such as a portrait of their sister, Charlotte, from 1870. However, after exhibiting portraits in the late 1860s, they diverged from styles similar to Fantin-Latour and created only still-lives of fruit and flowers. After their husband's death Victoria continued to paint with a supple, freer brushstroke. Them colors were more vibrant, as seen in their 1908 painting, Chrysanthemums.
During their marriage, Fantin-Latour and Dubourg lived at rue de l'Université n°19 in Paris, in the building where Marie and Félix Bracquemond had lived. Dubourg both collaborated on their husband's floral paintings and produced personal work that they signed "V Dubourg".  They are part of the circle of Édouard Manet, Berthe Morisot and Edgar Degas.
Following the death of Fantin-Latour in 1904, they organized a major retrospective of their work and devoted several years to the development of a catalogue raisonné, to the detriment of their own work.
Victoria Dubourg exhibited at the Salon in Paris from 1869, then at the Salon of French artists and at the Royal Academy in London, of which they were a member like their husband. In Paris, they obtained an honorable mention in 1894 and a medal in 1895. They were named Chevalier of the Legion of Honor in 1920.
In 1921, they bequeathed the photographic body of their husband to the Museum of Grenoble, given that they were a native of the city.
References
Victoria Dubourg Fantin-Latour (1840-1926) by Galerie Ary Jan
Victoria Fantin-Latour (née Dubourg) by Oxford Art Online
Bridget Alsdorf, “Painting the Femme Peintre,” in Laurence Madeleine, ed., Women Artists in Paris, 1850-1900 (New York: American Federation of Arts/New Haven: Yale University Press, 2017) 22-39.
Elizabeth Kane. “Victoria Dubourg: The Other Fantin-Latour.” Woman's art journal 9, no. 2 (1988): 15–21.
Fantin-Latour: Une Famille de peintres au XIXe siècle (exh. cat., Grenoble, Mus. Peint. & Sculp., 1977).
E. Hardouin-Fugier and E. Grafe: French Flower Painters of the Nineteenth Century: A Dictionary (London, 1989), p. 179.
1840 births
1926 deaths
Painters from Paris
19th-century French painters
French women painters
Flower artists
19th-century French women artists
20th-century French painters
20th-century French women artists
Still life painters
The black-capped social weaver (Pseudonigrita cabanisi) is a sparrow-like species of bird that has been assigned to the weaverbird family. It was originally described by Fisher and Reichenow, and later re-classified by the latter to the genus Pseudonigrita. Adults have a large black cap, ivory-colored bill, red eyes, brown back and wings, blackish-brown tail, white throat and underparts with a black midline, and dark horn-colored legs. It breeds in colonies and roofed nests with an entrance at the bottom in thorny trees such as acacias are constructed by the male from grass stems. It is found in parts of Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and Tanzania. It is sometimes kept and bred in captivity.
Taxonomy and systematics
In 1884, the black-capped social weaver was first described by German East-Africa explorer Gustav Fischer and German ornithologist Anton Reichenow as Nigrita cabanisi, based on a specimen collected in 1883 by Fischer in the Pare Mountains. In 1903, Reichenow assigned the species to their newly erected genus Pseudonigrita, because they considered P. arnaudi and P. cabanisi related to weaverbirds (Ploceidae), while the other species Nigrita bicolor, N. canicapillus, N. fusconota and N. luteifrons are negrofinches assigned to the estrildid finches. In 1942, Hans von Boetticher was of the opinion that our species was different enough to assign it to its own genus, and made the new combination Somalita cabanisi. The species name cabanisi, honors Jean Cabanis, a German ornithologist. There are no subtaxa.
"Black-capped social weaver" has been designated the official name by the International Ornithological Committee (IOC). Other common names include Cabanis's social waxbill and black-headed sociable weaver.
Phylogeny
Based on recent DNA-analysis (which did not include P. cabanisi), the genus Pseudonigrita belongs to the group of sparrow weavers (subfamily Plocepasserinae), and is most related to Philetairus socius. This clade is sister to Plocepasser. Provided that the sister relationship between the Pseudonigrita-species is correct, the following tree expresses current insights.
Description
The black-capped weaver is long and weighs . Adult birds have an extensive and well-delimited black cap that runs from the bill opening, across the crown to the back neck, and also covers the area around the eye and ear. The neck, mantle, wings and rump are evenly brown. The tail is blackish brown. The throat, sides of the neck, breast, belly and vent are white. A clearly visible narrow longitudinal black stripe runs along the middle of belly to the stomach. Some black feathers also mark the side of the breast, but these are often difficult to see as they may partially or completely be covered by the wings. The legs are a dark horn color. The bill is ivory-colored. The eyes are bright red.
Young birds miss the black markings entirely, which instead are the same brownish shade as the mantle and wings. The bill of juveniles is horn-colored and the iris is dark brown.
Distribution and habitat
Pseudonigrita cabanisi occurs in central and southern Ethiopia, much of Kenya, a patch of Somalia towards the tripoint with Ethiopia and Kenya, and in northern Tanzania. The black-capped social weaver prefers semi-arid savannas dominated by acacias and other thorny bushes.
Behaviour and ecology
The black-capped social weaver is monogamous and breeds in colonies. It feeds primarily on grass seeds, but also takes juicy vegetation to get enough water, and insects, particularly to feed the nestlings.
Breeding
Favoured nesting trees include Acacia-species, Delonix and Euphorbia, and the roofed nests that are constructed by both male and female, are attached from thin, hanging branches, and are made of many straight grass straws. Nests have two downward-facing entrances, one of which is closed as soon as the eggs are laid until the moment the youngsters fledge. A clutch is made of two to four eggs of long and in diameter, white or pinkish in color, with brown or violet markings.
Aviculture
The black-capped social weaver is sometimes kept and bred in captivity by hobbyists. It can best be kept in a confinement without other bird species, since the best results can be reach with larger groups of this species. Contrary to the grey-capped social weaver, single pairs have been known to breed successfully however. The birds are also very tolerant, and can be combined with other species. A specialised website suggests providing hanging branches that can be used to attach nests, without plant cover underneath. The rest of the cage may be planted with grass and a few tough shrubs. A large quantity of nesting material, such as grass straws, very thin twigs or coconut fibre must be provided for building the nests. The birds feed primarily on seeds with a smaller percentage of insects, but it is not known what the optimal mix is. In nature they also eat flowers, leaves and fruits, probably as a source of water when surface water is not available. In captivity, for instance cucumber and lettuce can be given. During the breeding season living insects, insect paste or shredded egg is needed to raise the chicks successfully. Fine stone grit and calcium sources, such as shell grit and cuttlebone, need to be provided. Due to its large demand in nesting material, excessive theft may occur if other Plocepasserinae-species are kept in the same confinement. This website notes that males sometimes throw chicks out of the nest. Replacing mealworms by small crickets may help combat this undesirable behaviour.
References
External links
Black-capped social weaver on Weaver Watch
Black-capped social weaver on IBC.
black-capped social weaver
black-capped social weaver
black-capped social weaver]
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Pushpesh Tripathi (Hindi: पुष्पेश त्रिपाठी; born 8 January 1980) is an Indian politician and former president of Uttarakhand Kranti Dal from Dwarahat, Uttarakhand. They were a member of the first and second Legislative Assembly of Uttarakhand from Dwarahat constituency.
Early life and education
Pushpesh was born on 8 January 1980 in Dairi village of Dwarahat, Uttarakhand. Their primary education started from their native village, Dairi, and after that they went to DSB Campus, Nainital to pursue higher education, where they graduated in MSc Botany. They also did a 6-month diploma course in Geographic Information System (GIS) from Indian Institute of Remote Sensing, Dehradun.
Social activism and political career
They were active in Uttarakhand state movement since their student days in which they made a significant contribution by actively participating in Pauri Commissioner Gherao, Nainital Commissioner Gherao, Jail Bharo movement. They were elected as MLA from Dwarahat assembly constituency after the sudden death of their father Late Shri Bipin Chandra Tripathi in 2005 and then they got re-elected as MLA in the second assembly election of Uttarakhand in 2007. They were appointed as the central president of Uttarakhand Kranti Dal in May 2015 and they served as the president of the regional party till 2017.
See also
Uttarakhand movement
Bipin Chandra Tripathi
Uttarakhand Kranti Dal
References
External links
1980 births
People from Almora
Members of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly
Uttarakhand Kranti Dal politicians
Uttarakhand politicians
Living people
Raphitoma bartolinorum is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 6.6 mm.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea off Catania, Italy
References
Giannuzzi-Savelli R., Pusateri F. & Bartolini S. (2018). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda: Conoidea) 5: loss of planktotrophy and pairs of species, with the description of four new species. Bollettino Malacologico. 54, supplement 11: 1-77. page(s): 35-36, figs 38-39B
External links
Biolib.cz: Raphitoma bartolinorum
bartolinorum
Gastropods described in 2018
Manuel Marín González (21 October 1949 – 4 December 2017) was a Spanish politician, former President of the Congress of Deputies of Spain. They were a long-time member of the European Commission, and acting president during the Santer Commission following the resignation of Jacques Santer.  They are considered the father of the Erasmus Programme.
Early life and introduction to politics
Marín was born in Ciudad Real, Castile-La Mancha. They studied law at Madrid's Complutense University, then went on to take a Diploma in European Community Law at Nancy University, France, and the Certificate of Advanced European Studies at the College of Europe, Bruges, Belgium. As from 1974 they were already a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (the PSOE) and in that connection they were elected in 1977 to the Spanish Congress of Deputies, and re-elected in 1979 and 1982, representing Ciudad Real Province. It is in this context that their interest in European affairs began to show. During this period in the Congress, they were a member of both the Defence and Foreign Affairs Committees of the Congress and became Spokesman for the PSOE in the Foreign Affairs Committee. They also became International Policy Secretary of the Federal Committee of the PSOE and Vice-Chair of the Union of Socialist Parties of the European Community, as well as being a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe from 1 January 1978 to 1 April 1983.
Marín and Europe
Following the Socialist success in the Spanish general elections of 1982 Marín joined the government as State Secretary for Relations with the European Communities – effectively, as Chief Negotiator for Spain's admission to the European Communities, a politically visible appointment because successful negotiations were seen as a seal of approval of Spain's transition from a dictatorship under Franco to a genuine parliamentary democracy. In this sense, the clear victory of the PSOE in the 1982 elections demonstrated the political maturity of the country, and gave Marín the political cards needed to demonstrate the importance, both to Spain and to Europe more widely, of Spanish membership.
The negotiations were successful, and on 1 January Spain joined the European Community at the same time as Portugal. Marín was nominated as Spain's first member of the European Commission and major Commissioner (larger countries at that time nominated two European Commissioners, generally one from the governing party and one from the Opposition); they were appointed a Vice-President of the European Commission, which was the first Commission presided over by Jacques Delors. Marín was given the portfolio of Social Affairs, Education and Employment – subjects which until their arrival (the mandate of the first Delors Commission had begun the previous year in 1985) had been handled by Peter Sutherland. Although Marín was responsible for a number of important initiatives (for example, they were the Commissioner responsible for the presentation of the proposal for the Erasmus Programme, which still runs today and has acquired iconic status as a symbol of European integration), in many ways their initial priority was the successful integration of Spain into the life of the European Communities.
Marín was reappointed into the second Delors Commission from 1989–1992, again as vice-president but this time with a portfolio which interested them more: development cooperation and the Common Fisheries Policy. Although these two may seem very disparate, the link between them lies in the fact that the fishing fleets of European Community Member States fished traditionally in the waters of many developing countries (in particular, the substantial Spanish fishing fleet did so) and in this period negotiations over compensation to those developing countries became inevitably linked to the European Community's wider development policy. During this mandate, Marín interested themselves in relations with Africa and travelled widely there.
Marín was appointed in due course to the third Delors Commission (1993–1994) with responsibility for development and cooperation, economic external relations with southern Mediterranean countries, Latin America, Asia, African, Caribbean and Pacific countries, and humanitarian aid.
Marín's final term in the European Commission was in the Santer Commission from 1995 until 1999. Among the changes brought by the Maastricht Treaty was the election of Commission Vice-Presidents by Commission members (they had formerly been nominated by European Community Governments jointly). Marín was one in a field of four candidates for two Vice-President posts, and was elected behind Leon Brittan, defeating Édith Cresson and Martin Bangemann. Their initial portfolio in this mandate was External relations with Southern Mediterranean countries, the Middle East, Latin America and Asia (except Japan, China, South Korea, Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) including development aid; in this period difficulties in implementing the EU's "Mediterranean strategy" under their leadership began to lead to complaints -never confirmed- of incompetence and of fraud.
In late 1998 charges of incompetence, cronyism, nepotism and fraud against the European Commission increased. President Jacques Santer fought off an attempt to dismiss the commission, but in January 1999 had to agree to the appointment of a so-called Committee of Independent Experts to examine the commission's accounts. Following the biting report of the group, which (among other things) criticised Marín for their lack of responsibility, the Santer Commission resigned en bloc on 15 March 1999.
Marín's role in the downfall of the Santer Commission still not clear. They have been strongly attacked without clear evidence for cronyism and nepotism in the European Parliament. But the Group of Experts largely cleared most members aside Cresson.
After the resignation of the Santer Commission, Marín took over as interim President. Marín was charged with the interim presidency of the commission on a "care and maintenance" basis until a new Commission could be appointed. The Prodi Commission was eventually appointed in September of that year.
Life after Europe
Following the appointment of the Prodi Commission Marín returned to Spain. They were elected in Ciudad Real for the PSOE in the general elections of 12 March 2000 and 14 March 2004. Following the latter they were elected as Speaker of the Spanish Congress of Deputies. They were also a member of the Global Commission on International Migration.
Manuel Marín was married with two children.
Death
Marín died in Madrid on 4 December 2017 at the age of 68 from lung cancer.
External links
Manuel Marín on European Commission.
References
|-
|-
|-
1949 births
2017 deaths
College of Europe alumni
Complutense University of Madrid alumni
Members of the constituent Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 1st Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 2nd Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 7th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Members of the 8th Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Nancy-Université alumni
People from Ciudad Real
Presidents of the Congress of Deputies (Spain)
Presidents of the European Commission
Spanish European Commissioners
Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politicians
Deaths from cancer in Spain
Deaths from lung cancer
European Commissioners 1985–1988
Secretaries of State of Spain
Alumni of the Erasmus Programme
Erasmus Programme
The 2005–06 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the third staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 2002.
On 12 February 2006, Fr. O'Neill's won the championship following a 2–16 to 2–10 defeat of Erin's Own in the final.
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2005
Frank Socolow (September 18, 1923 – April 30, 1981), born in New York City, was a jazz saxophonist and oboist, noted for their tenor playing.
Socolow began their career in the early 1940s playing in swing bands led by Jack Nelson, Georgie Auld, Ted Fio Rito, Roy Stevens, Van Alexander and Shep Fields. In 1944 they landed the first of three stints (the others being in 1948 and 1956–57) with Boyd Raeburn's Orchestra, recording a number of records. In 1945 they recorded a session as leader (the first of only two) with Freddie Webster and a young Bud Powell for Duke Records.
They were a member of Buddy Rich's short-lived big band, toured Scandinavia 1947-48 with Chubby Jackson, joined Artie Shaw's big band 1949-50, and throughout the late 40s and the 50s recorded with a wide variety of artists including the asupervisorstioned, Johnny Bothwell, Charlie Ventura, Gene Krupa, Sal Salvador, Maynard Ferguson, Terry Gibbs, Phil Woods, Cecil Payne, Manny Albam, Hal McKusick, Johnny Richards, Bill Russo, Joe Morello, and Bobby Scott. Their second record session as leader, and only full album release, Sounds by Socolow, came in 1956 for Bethlehem Records, with arrangements by Bill Holman, Manny Albam, and Sal Salvador, the latter also contributing guitar. Socolow died in New York in 1981.
Discography
Frank Socolow's Duke Quintet - "The Man I Love c/w Reverse the Changes" (Duke 112, 1945)
Frank Socolow's Duke Quintet - "September in the Rain" (Duke 115, 1945)
The Frank Socolow Sextet - Sounds by Socolow (Bethlehem BCP 70, 1956)
Various Artists - Bebop Revisited, Vol. 6 (Xanadu 208, 1987) (Contains the three Duke tracks)
Frank Socolow - New York Journeyman - Complete Recordings (Fresh Sound, 2005) (Contains all the above material)
As sideman
With Manny Albam
Jazz Goes to the Movies (Impulse!, 1962)
With Terry Gibbs
Vibes on Velvet (Emarcy 1955)
Swingin' (with Terry Gibbs and Their Orchestra) (Emarcy 1956)With Gene KrupaPlays Gerry Mulligan Arrangements (Verve, 1959) With Phil Woods and Cecil Payne'Bird's Night - (Live at the Five Spot)'' (Signal 1957, Savoy 1958, Savoy Jazz 2 LPs 1985, Vogue 2 CDs 1990)
References
American jazz saxophonists
American male saxophonists
American jazz oboists
American male jazz musicians
Male oboists
1923 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American musicians
20th-century saxophonists
20th-century American male musicians
The rank of first chief master sergeant in the Armed Forces of the Philippines was passed in a bill filed by Senator Rodolfo Biazon back in July 2004. It is expected that President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo will sign it very soon, enabling the rank to be created.
Rank's Aim
According to Bill Number 1286, the creation of the first chief master sergeant aims to professionalize the Armed Forces of the Philippines, especially in allowing its soldiers to choose a better career while serving in the army. The ranks are to be considered as non-commissioned officer ranks.
See also
First master chief petty officer
Sources and notes
External links
Philippine Senate bill of 13th Congress with explanation
Military ranks of the Philippines
Russell Graham Impagliazzo is a professor of computer science at the University of California, San Diego specializing in computational complexity theory, having joined the faculty of UCSD in 1989. They received a BA in mathematics from Wesleyan University. They obtained a doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley in 1992. Their advisor was Manuel Blum.  They are a 2004 Guggenheim fellow.
Impagliazzo's contributions to complexity theory include the construction of a pseudorandom number generator from any one-way function, their proof of Yao's XOR lemma via "hard core sets", their work in propositional proof complexity, such as the exponential size lower bound for constant-depth Hilbert proofs of the pigeonhole principle, their work on connections between computational hardness and de-randomization, and recent work on the construction of multi-source seedless extractors.
Impagliazzo has contributed to more than 40 papers on topics within their specialties. They also stated the exponential time hypothesis that 3-SAT cannot be solved in subexponential time in the number of variables. This hypothesis is used to deduce lower bounds on algorithms in computer science.
Their "five worlds" are well known in computational complexity theory.
References
External links
Russell Impagliazzo
UCSD Jacobs, School of Engineering faculty profile
American computer scientists
University of California, San Diego faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Toronto people
Living people
Simons Investigator
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
Hauraki was a New Zealand parliamentary Māori electorate returning one Member of Parliament to the New Zealand House of Representatives. It existed for one parliamentary term from to 2002, and was held by John Tamihere. The electorate's area was formed from the northern portion of Te Tai Rawhiti as well as a small portion of Te Tai Hauāuru. Its area was expanded significantly westward to form the Tainui electorate for the 2002 election.
History
Hauraki was the first Māori seat based exclusively around Auckland, and it was created at the time of the first review of Mixed Member Proportional (MMP) boundaries, ahead of the 1999 election. Hauraki was named after both the gulf at Auckland's eastern side, and Hauraki, a pan-tribal union based around an area including the Coromandel Peninsula, Thames Valley, and the Western Bay of Plenty. Hauraki's boundary stretched out of Auckland, down through the eastern Waikato to include Morrinsville and the Coromandel.
Population growth saw Māori electorates move north, and Hauraki was disestablished for the . The area around Auckland now belongs to the Tāmaki Makaurau electorate, and the southern area went to the electorate.
Hauraki was also the name of a general electorate in use at various times between and 1996.
Members of Parliament for Hauraki
Key
List MPs
Members of Parliament elected from party lists in elections where that person also unsuccessfully contested the Hauraki electorate.
Election results
1999 election
References
Historical Māori electorates
Politics of the Auckland Region
1999 establishments in New Zealand
2002 disestablishments in New Zealand
The Cililitan- Tanjung Priok Road (Indonesian: Jalan Raya Cililitan-Tanjung Priok) or the Jakarta Bypass or Djakarta Bypass/Bypass is a 27 km (17 mile) long bypass road in the capital city of Indonesia, Jakarta, that connects the Dewi Sartika Road and the Bogor Main Road (Jalan Raya Bogor, which is one of the sections of the Great Post Road/Jalan Raya Pos) in Cililitan, East Jakarta to the Port of Tanjung Priok in North Jakarta. This bypass road is divided into four parts, Jalan Mayjen Sutoyo Road, Jalan D.I. Panjaitan, Jalan Jend. Ahmad Yani Road, and Jalan Laksamana Yos Sudarso. The bypass was inaugurated by the first President of Indonesia, Sukarno on October 21, 1963. One of the sectionsof the Jakarta Inner Ring Road is built above this road.
The purpose of this road was to expoedite travel from Tanjung Priok to the centre of Jakarta. It was the benchmark of the city's development in the east. It had an important role for creating the west–east axis roads of the city that had been dominated by north–south axis roads.
History
Background
The construction of the Jakarta Bypass was one of the plans created by Sukarno, the first Indonesian President to redevelop Jakarta as a "beacon" of a powerful new nation of Indonesia, These plans were part of Jakarta's preparations for the 1962 Asian Games.
The 1962 Asian Games preparation also involved diplomatic relationships with the Soviet Union and Japan, where the Soviets helped with the construction of the Gelora Bung Karno Main Stadium and the Japanese helped with the construction of Hotel Indonesia as the accommodation for invited guests during the Games. After the Soviet Union and Japan, the Indonesian Government asked the United States for assistance with the construction of the Asian Games infrastructure.
At that time, the diplomatic relationship between Indonesia and the US was less harmonious, due to the accusations that the US had provided assistance to the Revolutionary Government of the Republic of Indonesia (Pemerintahan Revolusioner Republik Indonesia (PRRI)), which opposed the central government of Indonesia. The accusations were based on the capture of Allen Pope, the American pilot of an B-26 aircraft that had carried out an attack in Maluku in 1958.
Eventually, the Indonesian government agreed to release Allen Pope after negotiating with the US. During the negotiations, the US government offered aid to build a 27 km length highway connecting the port of Tanjung Priok, Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport, and the regions of Cililitan and Cawang. This proposed highway became the first stage of the Jakarta Bypass.
Construction
The Construction was started in the early 1960s and finished in late 1963. During the construction, the Jakarta Bypass was used as the route for vehicles carrying materialsfor the construction of the Gelora Bung Karno Main Stadium from the port of Tanjung Priok. In 1962, the bypass was used as the track for the marathon and cycling races during the 1962 Asian Games.
Inauguration
The inauguration ceremony of the Jakarta Bypass was held on October 21, 1963. The inauguration was attended by the first President of Indonesia; Sukarno, the US ambassador for Indonesia; Howard P. Jones, the Governor of Jakarta; Soemarno Sosroatmodjo, the representatives of several countries, and the people of Jakarta. At that time, Sukarno gave a speech before they inaugurated the road. After that, Sukarno cut the ribbon of the inauguration of Jakarta Bypass and inspected the new highway.
Parts
The Jakarta Bypass is divided into four parts. Three of them are named after the people killed by the presidential guard in the 1965 coup attempt. These are:
Jalan Mayjen Sutoyo, from Cililitan junction to Cawang.
Jalan D.I. Panjaitan, from Cawang junction to the Jatinegara overpass.
Jalan Jenderal Ahmad Yani , from Jatinegara overpass to the Kelapa Gading junction.
Jalan Yos Sudarso Road, from Kelapa Gading junction to the port of Tanjung Priok.
Administratively, this road passes the regions of:
East Jakarta Administrative City
Kramat Jati district
Cililitan Sub-district
Cawang Sub-district
Jatinegara district
Bidara Cina Sub- district
Cipinang Cependak Sub- district
Rawa Bunga Sub-district
Bali Mester Sub-district
Matraman district
Pisangan Baru Sub-district
Kayu Manis Sub-district
Utan Kayu Selatan Sub- district
Utan Kayu Utara Sub-district
Pulo Gadung district
Pisangan Timur Sub-district
RawamangunSub- district
Kayu Putih Sub-district
Central Jakarta Administrative City
Cempaka Putih District
Rawasari Sub- district
Cempaka Putih Sub- district
Kemayoran District
Sumur Batu Sub-district
North Jakarta Administrative City
Kelapa Gading district
Kelapa Gading Barat Sub-district
Koja District
Rawa Badak Selatan Sub-district
Rawa Badak Utara Sub-district
Tanjung Priok District
Sunter Jaya Sub-district
Sungai Bambu Sub-district
Kebon Bawang Sub-district
Transportation
Bus routes
The Jakarta Bypass is part of Transjakarta Corridor 10. Other bus services like the APTB, Mayasari Bakti, MetroMini, and PPD are also used the Jakarta Bypass.
Toll roads
The Wiyoto Wiyono Elevated Toll Road is built above the bypass. The toll road has a length of 15 km from the Jagorawi Toll Road to the port of Tanjung Priok. The Ir. Wiyoto Wiyono Toll Road is one of the parts of the Jakarta Inner Ring Road network.
The Bekasi–Cawang–Kampung Melayu Toll Road from the Kampung Melayu/Basuki Rahmat junction towards west to the city of Bekasi, West Java is also part of the Bypass
References
Jakarta
Streets in Jakarta
Indonesia
Diego Alonso Hinojosa Aguerrevere (born 2 December 1945) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tamaulipas. Was president from 2005 to 2011
References
1945 births
Living people
Politicians from Mexico City
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
National Action Party (Mexico) politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Tamaulipas
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1552.
Events
June – Sir David Lyndsay's Middle Scots satirical morality play A Satire of the Three Estates first performed publicly in full, at Cupar in Fife.
unknown dates
Giachem Bifrun produces the first printed book in the Swiss Romansh language (Putèr), Christiauna fuorma, a catechism.
Belgrade printing house is established.
Ralph Roister Doister, the first known comedy in the English, is written by London schoolmaster Nicholas Udall for their pupils to perform.
New books
Prose
Book of Common Prayer (revised)
Bartolomé de las Casas – A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies (Brevísima relación de la destrucción de las Indias) (written 1542)
François Rabelais – Le Quart Livre
Gerónimo de Santa Fe (posthumously) – Hebræomastix
Libellus de Medicinalibus Indorum Herbis (Little Book of the Medicinal Herbs of the Indians), composed in Nahuatl by Martín de la Cruz and translated into Latin by Juan Badiano.
Drama
David Lyndsay – A Satire of the Three Estates (first public performance)
Hans Sachs – Der Bauer im Fegefeuer
Poetry
See 1552 in poetry
Births
February 8 – Agrippa d'Aubigné, French Protestant poet (died 1630)
unknown dates
Jean Bertaut, French poet (died 1611)
Philemon Holland, English translator and schoolmaster (died 1637)
Edmund Spenser, English poet (died 1599)
probable – Cvijeta Zuzorić, Croatian poet (died 1648)
Deaths
June 10 – Alexander Barclay, probably Scottish-born English writer, cleric and translator (born c. 1476)
October 17 – Andreas Osiander, German theologian (born 1498)
December 11 – Paolo Giovio, Italian historian and biographer (born 1483)
December 30 – Francisco de Enzinas, Spanish-born Netherlandish scholar and humanist (born c. 1518)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Kanta Museum is a museum in Argungu, Nigeria, adjacent to the main market.
Built in 1831, the building was named after Muhammed Kanta, who founded the Kebbi Kingdom in 1515. It was erected by Yakubu Nabame, a former Emir of Kebbi, and served as the Emir's palace until 1942 when the British built a new administrative palace during the reign of Muhammed Sani. After the building became vacant, on July 1, 1958, it opened as a museum, offering an insight into the turbulent history of Kebbi State.
The museum is divided into eleven compartments and has a notable collection of weapons, consisting of charms, spears, swords, wood, stones, bows and arrows, local guns and even drums on display.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Kebbi State
Sudano-Sahelian architecture
Bazzano may refer to:
Places
, a frazione of L'Aquila in the Italian region Abruzzo
, a frazione of the commune Neviano degli Arduini in the Italian province of Parma
Bazzano, Valsamoggia, a frazione and commune seat of Valsamoggia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna
Bazzano Island, a small, uninhabited island in Antarctica
People
Charlie Bazzano (1923–2014), Australian cyclist
, Uruguayan footballer
"Alles wird vorübergehen" ("Everything will go by") is a song by German band Die Toten Hosen. It is the third single and fifth track from the album Zurück zum Glück.
The song is about how every feeling and everything will fade away with time, good or bad, and that one should really be happy about the present when everything is still fine.
Music video
The music video was directed by Paul Shyvers. It contains live footage.
Track listing
"Alles wird vorübergehen" (von Holst/Frege) − 3:11
"Alles wird vorübergehen - J.C's Dubbed 2 Death-Mix" - 4:28
"Rockaway Beach" (Dee Dee Ramone) - 1:59 (Ramones cover)
Charts
2005 singles
Die Toten Hosen songs
Songs written by Campino (singer)
Songs written by Andreas von Holst
2004 songs
Melartin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Erik Gabriel Melartin (1780–1847), Finnish archbishop
Erkki Melartin (1875–1937), Finnish composer
Finnish-language surnames
is a retired Japanese professional racing driver who drove in Formula One for the Williams-Toyota team from to . Racing for Toyota Gazoo Racing since 2016, they won the 2018, 2019 and 2020 24 Hours of Le Mans, and is 2018-19 World Endurance champion along with team-mates Fernando Alonso and Sébastien Buemi.  They are the second FIA world champion from Japan after Toshi Arai.
Racing career
Before Formula One
Born in Okazaki, Aichi, Nakajima is the son of the retired Formula One driver Satoru Nakajima. Their younger brother, Daisuke, is also a racing driver. Nakajima started their career in racing in 1996, when they started karting. Three years later, they were crowned the Suzuka Formula ICA karting champion. After some impressive performances, Nakajima was picked up by Japanese car manufacturer Toyota as part of the corporation's Young Drivers Program.
Their father had been backed by Toyota's arch-rivals Honda through their career. Nakajima hoped that by joining Toyota they would shield themselves against any accusations that their father had promoted their career.
In 2002, Nakajima won a scholarship in Formula Toyota, which they became champion in a year later. They progressed onto Japanese Formula Three in 2004, winning two of the 20 races and finishing fifth in the Drivers' Championship.
Nakajima stayed in Japanese Formula Three for 2005, finishing second. They dovetailed that championship with appearances in the Japanese GT300 sports car series, where they ended the year eighth.
Nakajima moved to the Formula Three Euroseries in 2006 and competed against the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Paul di Resta. After starting the year strongly with second place in the first race and a win in round four, Nakajima finished seventh with 36 points, behind their Manor Motorsport teammates Kohei Hirate (third) and Esteban Guerrieri (fourth). The championship was won by di Resta with 86 points.
In November 2006, Nakajima was named a Williams test driver for the 2007 season, alongside fellow test driver Narain Karthikeyan and race drivers Nico Rosberg and Alexander Wurz, targeting a race seat in . Nakajima's debut in a Formula One car came at Fuji Speedway during November 2006, where they completed four demonstration laps in wet conditions.
Nakajima raced in the GP2 series in 2007 for the DAMS team alongside French 2005–06 A1 Grand Prix winner Nicolas Lapierre. Nakajima also served as Williams' test driver, completing 7,000 km of testing for the team.
Nakajima's first year in GP2 finished with no wins, but five consecutive podiums and ended the year as top rookie. Nakajima's fifth in the championship put them comfortably ahead of Lapierre. Nakajima was found to have caused a collision in Istanbul, when they hit leader Karun Chandhok during the sprint race, and was given a drive-through penalty.
Formula One
It was announced on 9 October 2007 that following the retirement of Alexander Wurz, Nakajima would race for Williams in the season finale in Brazil. Nakajima finished tenth in the race, setting the fifth fastest lap – quicker than their teammate Nico Rosberg, who finished fourth.
At their first pit stop, Nakajima overshot their box and hit two of their mechanics. The mechanics were taken to hospital for precautionary checks. Nakajima apologised for the error: "First of all I would say I'm really sorry that some of my mechanics were injured during my pitstop and that I hope they're OK. It was a good first race for me but it was slightly overshadowed."
Patrick Head commented: "Kazuki drove well on their debut. Their lap times were impressive and he's set a marker for a future in Formula One. Some of our mechanics were injured today, they're having some checks done now and we send our best wishes to them."
On 7 November it was confirmed by Williams that Nakajima would partner Rosberg at the Williams team for the 2008 season. They had a successful start to 2008 at the Australian Grand Prix, finishing seventh but promoted to sixth after Rubens Barrichello was disqualified, even whilst knocking Robert Kubica out of the race and being penalised. They then finished seventh in the Spanish Grand Prix, having outqualified their teammate. A first-corner incident with Giancarlo Fisichella at Istanbul forced them to retire. Nakajima scored two points at Monaco where no Japanese Formula One driver had previously scored a point, and retired from the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix after hitting the pit wall when pitting for a new front wing. Nakajima scored another point at the 2008 British Grand Prix, after losing seventh place on the last lap. In Singapore, Nakajima made it to the third qualifying round for the first time qualifying 10th on the grid. They went on to finish eighth and scored a point.
Nakajima was retained by Williams for the 2009 season. At the 2009 Australian Grand Prix they crashed into the wall at turn six, putting them out of the race. Nakajima was the only driver to retire at Bahrain, stopping five laps before the end with overheated oil. They also crashed on the penultimate lap of the Monaco Grand Prix whilst running in 10th place. They came close to scoring at several Grands Prix, including losing a points finish after being delayed in the pit lane at the Turkish Grand Prix. At the British Grand Prix, Nakajima secured their highest ever Formula One grid slot, qualifying in an impressive fifth place ahead of world championship leader Jenson Button. However, their race was compromised by poor pit strategy, and they eventually finished outside the points. Nakajima once again nearly scored at the Hungarian Grand Prix, finishing just 0.7 seconds behind eighth place Jarno Trulli. They finished ninth again in Singapore. At Brazil Nakajima was once again in contention for points until being taken out by rookie and fellow countryman Kamui Kobayashi. Nakajima finished the season having scored no points, with their teammate Nico Rosberg being single-handedly responsible for every championship point scored by the Williams team, with Nakajima being the only non points scorer out of the drivers who took part in each race in 2009.
Williams signed Rubens Barrichello and Nico Hülkenberg for 2010, leaving Nakajima without a seat. However, in January, reports tied Nakajima to team Stefan GP, which had consolidated remnants of the Toyota F1 team after the Japanese manufacturer's withdrawal from the sport in late 2009. Stefan duly confirmed on 19 February 2010 that Nakajima was one of the team's drivers, although the team did not have an entry to the 2010 Formula One season. The FIA subsequently ruled that Stefan GP could not be entered for the season at such a late stage, so Nakajima was left with no drive in Formula One for 2010.
Formula Nippon / Super Formula
After a successful test in late 2010, Nakajima moved back to the Japanese racing scene by competing in Formula Nippon for 2011. Driving for the TOM'S team, they won their first race at the second round of the season, held at Autopolis, which also moved them into the lead of the drivers' standings. They ultimately finished runner-up to André Lotterer. They continued in the series for the 2012 season winning the title. In the 2013 season they could not defend their Super Formula title finishing 4th overall. However, in the 2014 season they regained the title with their Petronas Team TOM'S team. In the 2015 season they ended up 2nd overall.
Their younger brother, Daisuke, competed in the series until 2017.
Super GT
Nakajima first competed in the Japanese Super GT series in 2005, driving a Toyota MR-S in the GT300 class with Minoru Tanaka. They returned to the category in 2011, driving a Lexus SC430 in the GT500 class with Formula Nippon rival Lotterer. For 2012 they continued to drive a SC430, now partnered with Loïc Duval. In 2013 they partnered with James Rossiter, scoring two wins and a third-place finish to rank third in the drivers standings. In 2014 they drove a Lexus RC F with Rossiter, winning two races.
The driver returned to the Japanese Super GT in 2017 with a TOM's Lexus LC.
FIA World Endurance Championship
In 2012, Nakajima was selected by Toyota to be one of the drivers for its assault on the 24 Hours of Le Mans race and the FIA World Endurance Championship, driving the prototype Toyota TS030 Hybrid. At Le Mans, they hit the Nissan DeltaWing hard enough to knock it off the circuit, causing substantial damage to the Nissan, and significant damage to their own car — neither car finished the race. They finished runner-up at the 2012 6 Hours of Silverstone. At the 2012 6 Hours of Fuji, Nakajima took pole position for Toyota before triple stinting in the race to bring home the TS030's second win in competition and Nakajima's first with the team.
Nakajima continued as Toyota LMP1 part-time driver the next two seasons. They won the 2013 6 Hours of Fuji, a race cancelled with no laps under green flag. In 2014 they finished second at Silverstone, Fuji and Shanghai.
The Japanese became a Toyota LMP1 full-time driver for the 2015 FIA World Endurance Championship, scoring a third place at Silverstone as best result. In 2016 they scored a third-place finish at Shanghai.
Nakajima began the 2017 season with two wins at Silverstone and Spa.
Nakajima won the 2018 Le Mans 24 Hours race in the #8 Toyota, along with Fernando Alonso and Sébastian Buemi.
Nakajima, Buemi and Alonso then repeated the achievement in 2019, at the same time clinching the 2018–19 FIA World Endurance Championship, making Nakajima the second Japanese FIA world champion after Toshi Arai.
Nakajima retired from racing after the 2021 FIA World Endurance Championship to take on the role of vice-chairperson at Toyota Gazoo Racing Europe, with Ryō Hirakawa taking over their seat.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete Macau Grand Prix results
Complete Formula 3 Euro Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Formula One results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
† Did not finish, but was classified as they had completed more than 90% of the race distance.
Complete Super GT results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
‡ Half points awarded as less than 75% of race distance was completed.
Complete Formula Nippon/Super Formula results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position; races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete 24 Hours of Le Mans results
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
Footnotes
External links
Official website
Career statistics
1985 births
Japanese racing drivers
Japanese Formula One drivers
Williams Formula One drivers
GP2 Series drivers
Japanese Formula 3 Championship drivers
Formula 3 Euro Series drivers
Super GT drivers
Living people
People from Okazaki, Aichi
Formula Nippon drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans winning drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
Super Formula drivers
TOM'S drivers
Manor Motorsport drivers
DAMS drivers
Toyota Gazoo Racing drivers
Victor Santos (Full name: Víctor Manuel Domingos Dos Santos; born 7 November 1953) is an Andorran football official. Originally from Estoril, Cascais, Portugal, they immigrated to Andorra in 1975.  They are an Andorran citizen.
Victor Santos has been the President of the Andorran Football Federation FAF (Catalan: Federació Andorrana de Futbol) since October 2013 as successor of Antoni Giribet. Before that time, since 2005, they were the federation's Vice President. They were with the federation for a total of 18 years prior to becoming the President.
Furthermore, they are a former coach and sports Director of the FC Encamp.
References
Living people
1953 births
Football in Andorra
Football people in Andorra
James Edward Oberg (born November 7, 1944) is an American space journalist and historian, regarded as an expert on the Russian and Chinese space programs. They had a 22-year career as a space engineer in NASA specializing in orbital rendezvous. Oberg is an author of ten books and more than a thousand articles on space flight. They gave many explanations of UFO phenomena in the popular press.  They are also a consultant in spaceflight operations and safety.
Early life and education
James Oberg was born in New York City on November 7, 1944.
They received a B.A. in Mathematics from Ohio Wesleyan University in 1966, a M.S. in applied mathematics (astrodynamics) from Northwestern University in 1969 (where they were also a NASA Trainee) and a M.S. in computer science from University of New Mexico in 1972.
US Air Force
At Northwestern University they started Ph.D. work in Mathematics, but was called to active duty by the United States Air Force in 1970. There they worked with modeling laser and nuclear weapons and in the years 1972–1975, while working in the Department of Defense Computer Institute, they helped design and test ARPANET, ancestor of the Internet.
NASA
After service in the United States Air Force, they joined NASA in 1975, where they worked until 1997 at Johnson Space Center on the Space Shuttle program. They worked in the Mission Control Center for several Space Shuttle missions from STS-1 on, specializing in orbital rendezvous techniques. This culminated in planning the orbit for the STS-88 mission, the first International Space Station (ISS) assembly flight.
During the 1990s, they were involved in NASA studies of the Soviet space program, with particular emphasis on safety aspects; these had often been covered up or downplayed, and with the advent of the ISS and the Shuttle–Mir programs, NASA was keen to study them as much as possible. They privately published several books on the Soviet (and later Russian) programs, and became one of the few Western specialists on Russian space history.
They have often been called to testify before the US Congress on the Russian space program.
In 1997 they voluntarily resigned from NASA and started a full-time free-lance career. Currently they work as a consultant in spaceflight operations and safety and as a space journalist.
Author and journalist
As a journalist, Oberg writes for several publications, mostly online; they were previously a space correspondent or commentator for UPI, ABC News and currently MSNBC, often in an on-air role.  They are a Fellow of the skeptical organization CSICOP and a consultant to its magazine Skeptical Inquirer.
They have written more than a thousand magazine and newspaper articles, including such magazines as The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Scientific American, OMNI, Popular Science, Popular Mechanics, New Scientist, IEEE Spectrum, Air Force Magazine, Star and Sky, etc.
Oberg is also a space consultant and on-air commentator to NBC News, Discovery Canada and the BBC.
In December 1990, Horizon, a British television science and philosophy television documentary program, aired a three-part series, "Red Star in Orbit," based on Oberg's book of the same name. WGBH Boston adapted the Horizon series for its Nova television science series, a three-part miniseries titled "The Russian Right Stuff," which aired in February 1991. HBO has optioned Red Star in Orbit for a future production. Also in 1991, Oberg launched a battle for official recognition of Robert Henry Lawrence, Jr. (1935–1967) as a United States astronaut; the United States Air Force officially recognized Lawrence in January 1997, six years after Oberg had begun their campaign.
In 1999, Oberg wrote Space Power Theory, sponsored by United States military as a part of an official campaign in changing perceptions of space warfare, specifically deployment and use of weapons in outer space, and its political implications. "In Oberg's view, space is not an extension of air warfare but is unique in itself."
James Oberg is an author of ten books in addition to several technical NASA publications.
They also wrote encyclopedia articles on space exploration in the World Book Encyclopedia, Britannica yearbook, Grolier and Academic American Encyclopedia.
Moon landing conspiracies
Oberg was commissioned by NASA to write a rebuttal of Apollo Moon landing conspiracy theories. However, NASA dropped the project after ABC's World News Tonight program ran a story about it, claiming it was beneath NASA's dignity to respond to Moon landing denialists claims. Oberg has said that they still intend to pursue the project, "depending on successfully arranging new funding sources."
Oberg writes that Moon landing conspiracy theories are fueled by resentment of American culture by some countries. They give the example of Cuba, where they claim many school teachers say the landing was a fraud. But besides this, the new wave of conspiracy theorists appear to use alternative publication methods to publicize their claims.
Oberg says that belief in the conspiracy is not the fault of the hoaxists, but rather of educators and people (including NASA) who should provide information to the public. NASA does not, in Oberg's opinion, provide an adequate reaction to the theorists' claims.
North Korean satellite launch inspection
In April 2012 Oberg traveled to North Korea as an NBC space consultant to observe the launching of the Kwangmyŏngsŏng-3 satellite and determine whether it is a military launch. Together with a team of journalists they inspected the Sohae Satellite Launching Station, the Unha rocket and the satellite. According to Oberg, North Korea "showed everything but the important things" and did not manage to demonstrate peaceful intent.
UFO investigation
James Oberg often writes about alleged UFO sightings, giving scientific explanations to seemingly extraterrestrial phenomena, or otherwise debunking them as hoaxes.
Oberg categorized UFO sightings (excluding those identified as hoaxes) into one of three groups:
Super-High Plumes – rocket or missile plumes, especially lit by the Sun on a dark sky;
Space "Dandruff" – ice flakes, fragments of insulation, etc. flying alongside a space vehicle, especially seen by backward-facing cameras;
Twilight Shadowing – objects that move from shadow into sunlight in space appear as if coming from behind the clouds or from beyond the edge of the Earth.
List of UFO explanations
Russian pistol aboard ISS
James Oberg wrote several articles as a publicity campaign to remove guns from the ISS. The TP-82 Cosmonaut survival pistol was stowed in the Soyuz emergency landing survival kit and was added there for hunting and self-defense after landing in inhospitable environment. It had three barrels and a folding stock that doubled as a shovel and contained a machete. The gun was only carried by Russian members of the ISS. Oberg suggested that it might be an invitation to a future disaster and proposed it to be put in a compartment accessible only from outside, after landing.
In 2014 Oberg asked Samantha Cristoforetti, an Italian ISS astronaut, about the pistol and they admitted the gun is removed from the list, or more precisely, it is still on the official list of kit contents, but the committee meets before every mission to review the list and vote to remove the pistol for the specific flight.
Private life
Oberg has been married since 1969 and lives with their wife Alcestis in Dickinson, Texas. They have two grown sons (born 1977 and 1984).
They have a conversant knowledge of Russian, French and Latin, and has some familiarity with German, Swedish, Spanish, Kazakh and Japanese.
Awards and memberships
First place in Goddard National Space Award (twice)
1st and 2nd place awards from the American Society of Business Publication Editors (May 2000)
The winner of the New Scientist award: Cutty Sark Whisky essay on UFO
Fellow of the skeptical organization the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry
Fellow of the British Interplanetary Society
Fellow of the Russian Academy of Cosmonautics (the first foreign member)
Fellow of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics
Bibliography
Popular publications
Other books
The Mars Conquest
Red Stars in Orbit
Technical materials for NASA
Space Shuttle Mission Control Center: Overview of Information and Decision Flows (for McDonnell Douglas);
Rendezvous and Proximity Operations Handbook;
History of Orbital Rendezvous;
Flight Data File: Crew Procedures, STS-32 LDEF Retrieval;
Console Handbook, Rendezvous Guidance and Procedures Officer;
Training Guide, Rendezvous Guidance and Procedures Handbook
References
External links
Profile at jamesoberg.com
American male journalists
Journalists from New York City
United States Air Force airmen
1944 births
Living people
Military personnel from New York City
Northwestern University alumni
Ohio Wesleyan University alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
American skeptics
NASA people
UFO skeptics
Writers from New York City
People from Dickinson, Texas
Silvia Maria Johannes Pepels (born 6 January 1975 in Stein, Limburg (Netherlands)) is an athlete from the Netherlands. They compete in triathlon.
Pepels competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took twenty-sixth place with a total time of 2:07:05.01.
References
1975 births
Living people
Dutch female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands
People from Stein, Limburg
Sportspeople from Limburg (Netherlands)
Hata Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 10.7 km2. The dam impounds about 51 ha of land when full and can store 7349 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1939 and completed in 1955.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1955 establishments in Japan
Center Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,206 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the center of the county, it borders the following townships:
Middleton Township - north
Webster Township - northeast
Freedom Township - east
Montgomery Township - southeast corner
Portage Township - south
Liberty Township - southwest corner
Plain Township - west
Much of the city of Bowling Green, the county seat of Wood County, is located in western Center Township.
Center Township is also the location of the Wood County Airport, and of the intersection of I-75 and U.S. Route 6.
Name and history
Center Township was established in 1835. It is one of nine Center Townships statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
Saligrama Ramegowda Mahesh is an Indian politician who served as Minister of Tourism and Sericulture from 6 June 2018 to 8 July 2019 and  They are currently Member of Karnataka Legislative Assembly from Krishnarajanagara Assembly constituency since from 2008.
References
People from Mysore
Living people
Karnataka MLAs 2018–2023
1966 births
Karnataka MLAs 2008–2013
Karnataka MLAs 2013–2018
Yuuki Hashiguchi (born 8 June 1994) is a Japanese judoka.
 They are the gold medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Zagreb in the -66 kg category.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Japanese male judoka
NGC 996 is an elliptical galaxy of the Hubble type E0 in the constellation Andromeda. It is estimated to be 210 million light years from the Milky Way and has a diameter of approximately 75,000 ly. The supernova SN 1996bq occurred in this galaxy. NGC 996 was discovered on December 7, 1871 by astronomer Édouard Stephan.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
Elliptical galaxies
Andromeda (constellation)
0996
010015
Tsuneo (written: , , , , , or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Tsuneo Ando (born 1956), Japanese aikidoka
, Japanese photographer
, Japanese animator
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese musician
, Japanese business person and politician
, Japanese anime director
, Japanese business person
, Japanese anime director
, Japanese diplomat
, Japanese communist and activist
, Japanese electrical engineer
, Japanese astronomer
, Japanese rower
, Japanese speed skater
, Japanese diver
, Japanese politician
, Japanese jojutsuka
, Japanese mathematician
, Japanese diplomat
, Japanese business person
, Japanese alpinist
Japanese masculine given names
Bernardo Huberman is a Fellow and vice president of the Next-Gen Systems Team at CableLabs.  They are also a Consulting Professor in the Department of Applied Physics and the Symbolic System Program at Stanford University. They received their Ph.D. in Physics from the University of Pennsylvania.
Early life and work
Originally from Argentina, Huberman received their MS at the University of Buenos Aires, Argentina in 1966. They received their PhD in Physics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1971. They have worked as a visiting scientist at the Institut Laue-Langevin in Grenoble, France and Institute of Theoretical Physics, Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel. They were also a Visiting Professor at the University of Paris, the École Normale Supérieure, in Paris, France, the Niels Bohr Institute in Copenhagen, Denmark, and the European School of Business, INSEAD in France. They served as a Trustee and Secretary at the Aspen Center for Physics between 1980–1983.
Huberman originally worked in condensed matter physics, ranging from superionic conductors to two-dimensional superfluids, and made contributions to the theory of critical phenomena in low-dimensional systems. They were one of the discoverers of chaos in a number of physical systems, and also established a number of universal properties in nonlinear dynamical systems. Their research into the dynamics of complex structures led to the discovery of ultradiffusion in hierarchical systems.
Huberman joined Xerox Corporation's Palo Alto Research Center, PARC, where, in the field of information sciences, they predicted the existence of phase transitions in large scale distributed systems, and developed an economics approach to the solution of hard computational problems. They have authored or edited three books about the ecology of computation and the ecology of the web
.
In 1989 they and colleagues designed and implemented Spawn, a market system for the allocation of resources among machines in computer networks, and a few years later a multiagent thermal market mechanism for the control of building environments. A similar subsequent work at HP Labs called Tycoon received the Horizon Award for Innovation. After working at Xerox PARC, Huberman became a Senior Fellow at HP Labs.
Recent work and recognition
For several years, Dr. Huberman's research concentrated on the World Wide Web, with particular emphasis the dynamics of its growth and use. With members of their group they discovered a number of strong regularities, such as the dynamics that govern the growth of the web, and the laws that determine how users surf the web and create the observed congestion patterns.
Recently, Huberman was the Director of the Mechanisms and Design Lab at Hewlett Packard Labs where their work centers on the design of novel mechanisms for discovering and aggregating information in distributed systems as well as understanding the dynamics of information in large networks.
Awards and honors
Fellow, American Association for the Advancement of Science
Fellow, Japan Society for the Advancement of Science
Fellow, American Physical Society
CECOIA Prize on Economics and Artificial Intelligence
IBM Prize of the Society for Computational Economics
Trustee, Aspen Center for Physics
Chairman, Council of Fellows at Xerox Corporation
References
External links
Bernardo Huberman's Patents
Bernardo Huberman's bibliography
Bernardo Huberman's homepage
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Argentine emigrants to the United States
American computer scientists
Hewlett-Packard people
Stanford University Department of Applied Physics faculty
University of Buenos Aires alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Scientists at PARC (company)
David Guy Barnabas Kindersley MBE (11 June 1915 – 2 February 1995) was a British stone letter-carver and typeface designer, and the founder of the Kindersley Workshop (later the Cardozo Kindersley Workshop). Their carved plaques and inscriptions in stone and slate can be seen on many churches and public buildings in the United Kingdom. Kindersley was a designer of the Octavian font for Monotype Imaging in 1961, and they and their third wife Lida Lopes Cardozo designed the main gates for the British Library.
Early life
Kindersley was born at Codicote near Hitchin, the son of Major Guy Molesworth Kindersley (a stockbroker and MP) and the grandson on their mother's side of the Arts and Crafts potter Sir Edmund Elton. They were educated at St Cyprian's School, Eastbourne, where "he had a wonderful time", becoming head boy, and the sharpness of their eye was shown by their outstanding skill at shooting.
They claimed that "aiming at the centre has always been an inherent quality with him". Their elder brother, Hallam, died at Westminster School whilst Kindersley was still at St Cyprian's. Kindersley went on to Marlborough College, but left after three years because of rheumatoid arthritis.
After recovery, Kindersley was sent to Paris to learn French and study sculpture at the Academie St Julian and then with the Iduni brothers in London. They read the books of Eric Gill, and decided to become a stone-cutter. They became an apprentice to Gill in their workshop at Pigotts High Wycombe in December 1934, with the support of their father who, liking to do things the proper way, insisted on paying an apprenticeship indemnity. They worked on important commissions, including Bentall's store in Kingston upon Thames, St John's College, Oxford and Dorset House.
Independent activity
Kindersley left Gill's workshop in 1936 and set up their own workshop on the River Arun, where they still worked on commission for Gill. They married their first wife, Christina Sharpe, at the beginning of World War II and ran The Smith's Arms, a tiny pub (reputed to be the smallest in England) with them in Godmanstone, Dorset.
As a conscientious objector they refused to be put in a position where they would have to kill, although they applied (and was rejected) for the Home Guard. On the death of Eric Gill in 1940, Kindersley spent time sorting out the affairs of Gill's workshop at Pigotts.
Cambridge workshops
In 1945, Kindersley moved to Cambridgeshire and set up their first fully-fledged letter-cutting workshop at Dales Barn in the village of Barton. During this time, Kindersley developed their work and methods as they broke away from Gill, in their decorative embellishments of cutting, in their growing predilection for lettering on slate and the combination of lettering with heraldry. Nevertheless, in the organisation of the workshop there was still a sense of dynastic inheritance. At this time they also started teaching calligraphy at Cambridge Art School, having initially gone to enrol for the course. They had a major commission carving relief maps for the American War Cemetery and also became a consultant for film titles through their cousin Sir Arthur Elton who was in charge of film making at Shell Oil.
Kindersley was preoccupied in the 1950s and 1960s by the survival of the workshop culture in a post-war climate of industrial expansion. They were a leading figure in the Designer Craftsman Society and the Crafts Council of Great Britain. They became Chairman of the Crafts Council for a while, but stepped down because of concerns about underfunding.
Kindersley invented a system for the accurate spacing of letters, which has not seen wide adoption. Kindersley's work in this area formed the basis of an artist's project by their former assistant the calligrapher Owen Williams called Testing David. In 1952 they submitted a design, MoT Serif, to the British Ministry of Transport, which required new lettering to use on the United Kingdom road signs. Although the Road Research Laboratory found Kindersley's design slightly more legible, the all-capitals design with serifs was passed over in favour of the lowercase sans-serif font Transport, designed by Jock Kinneir and Margaret Calvert, for aesthetic reasons.
Many of the street signs in the UK including streets in Cambridge, use Kindersley fonts. Among their apprentices of this period was their son Richard Kindersley, who has continued the lettering tradition from their own workshop in London since 1970.
In 1967 Kindersley moved the workshop from Barton to the 14th-century Chesterton Tower in Cambridge in 1967 and then, ten years later, to the converted infants' school in Victoria Road where their widow Lida continues to run the workshop and take on apprentices.
Kindersley was not formally religious, but had a strongly contemplative side. They had an essentially spiritual view of the workshop and their ideas of wholeness as the integration of home and work was a development of Gill's "cell of good living in the chaos of our world". Kindersley was deeply influenced by the writings of the Russian philosopher P. D. Ouspensky and for a time a member of the Walker Group, an Ouspenskyist self-help discussion group in London. Their book Graphic Sayings also show plates bearing sayings of the Sufi mystics from the works of the writer Idries Shah.
In January 2000 a memorial plaque designed by Kindersley's widow Lida was unveiled at Addenbrooke's Hospital, joining more than 20 other plaques and inscriptions created by the Cardozo Kindersley Workshop. The first plaque had commemorated the opening of the new hospital in 1962.
Kindersley's children by their first marriage include Peter Kindersley, co-founder of Dorling Kindersley publishers.
Kindersley's children with their last wife, Lida Lopes Cardozo Kindersley, include Hallam Jacob Cardozo Kindersley.
Publications
David Kindersley (1971). Graphic Sayings. Cambridge: Kindersley & Skelton. No ISBN.
David Kindersley (1976). Optical letter spacing for new printing systems Lund Humphries, 2nd Edition.
David Kindersley and Lida Lopes Cardozo (1981). Letters Slate Cut: workshop practice and the making of letters. London: Lund Humphries. .
See also
Eric Gill
Lida Lopes Cardozo Kindersley
References
Further reading
Lottie Hoare, "Kindersley, David Guy Barnabas (1915–1995)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, 2004
Montague Shaw, David Kindersley: Their work and workshop, Cardozo Kindersley Editions, 1989
Fiona MacCarthy, ABC: David Kindersley. Cambridge: Kettle's Yard Gallery (2000).
G. W. O. Addleshaw, "Architects, Sculptors, Painters, Craftsmen 1660–1960 Whose Work is to be Seen in York Minster", Architectural History, Vol. 10 (1967).
External links
Cardozo Kindersley Workshop official website
Richard Kindersley Studio official website
BBC Feature, 2006
1915 births
1995 deaths
British typographers and type designers
Stone carvers
People educated at Marlborough College
People educated at St Cyprian's School
British graphic designers
British conscientious objectors
British letter cutters
20th-century British sculptors
British male sculptors
People from Codicote
Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from South Cambridgeshire District
David
20th-century British male artists
Koverdiaki is a village located in a suburban area of Brest, Belarus.
References
Villages in Belarus
The WorldChampion Jet (former Villum Clausen) is a fast passenger ferry built in 2000 by Austal, Perth, Australia. Until 31 August 2018, it was in active service between Rønne (Bornholm in Denmark) and Ystad in Sweden. On 19 December 2017, HSC Villum Clausen was sold to the Greek based Ferry Company Seajets. Starting from the summer of 2019, it was renamed WorldChampion Jet and started sailing between Piraeus and Cyclades.
HSC Villum Clausen was named after the 17th century Danish freedom fighter Villum Clausen (da). In the year 2000, it broke the world record for the longest distance traveled by a commercial passenger vessel in 24 hours.
Routes
World champion Jet operates daily from Piraeus to Cyclades:
Piraeus-Syros-Mykonos-Naxos-Santorini-Naxos-Mykonos-Syros-Piraeus
Fastest ferry in the world
On the way from the shipyard of Austal in Australia to Rønne in Denmark the ferry had a top speed of and an average of , and on February 16 and 17, 2000 it had reached 1063 sea miles within 24 hours, thereby setting the world record which was then recorded in the Guinness Book of Records. However the record did not last as in 2013 Austal's arch rival Incat, the only other shipbuilder producing large fast catamarans, built HSC Francisco, a 99 metre ferry with a top speed of 58 knots. It operates on the route between Buenos Aires and Montevideo.
Sister ships
Adnan Menderes
Carmen Ernestina
Jonathan Swift
Lilia Concepcion
Tanger Jet II
Thunder
See also
Auto Express 86-class ferry
Povl Anker
Hammerodde
Leonora Christina
References
External links
Statische en actuele scheepsinformatie op marinetraffic.com
Website van BornholmerFærgen
Ferry-site.dk
Ship-technology.com
skibsregister.dma.dk (Søfartstyrelsen).
Austal's press releases
Gallery
Water transport in Denmark
Water transport in Sweden
2000 ships
Ferries of Denmark
Ships built by Austal
is a women's volleyball team based in Kobe city, Hyogo and Tosu city, Saga, Japan. It plays in V.League 1. The club was founded in 1948.
In July of 2020 the team announced an official name change from "Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical Springs" to "Hisamitsu Springs" and unveiled a new team mascot and logo. On August 7, 2020 Hisamitsu Springs concluded " a cooperation agreement with Tosu City to further revitalize the region and economy through the volleyball business, and we will proceed with concrete efforts".
Hisamitsu Springs won the V.Premier League final for the seventh time on April 13, 2018, beating Toray Arrows.
The owner of the team is Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical.
Honours
Japan Volleyball League/V.League/V.Premiere League
Champions (9): 2001-2002, 2006–2007, 2012-2013, 2013-2014, 2015-2016, 2017-2018, 2018-2019, 2021-2022
Runners-up (6): 2000-2001, 2005–2006, 2008–2009, 2011-2012, 2014-2015, 2016-2017,2021-22
Kurowashiki All Japan Volleyball Championship
Champions (3): 2006, 2007 and 2013
Runner-up (1): 2009
Empress's Cup
Champions (8): 2009, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2021
Runners-up (1): 2007-08
Domestic Sports Festival (Volleyball)
Champions (5): 1980, 1983, 1986, 1989 and 2012
Runners-up (3): 2011, 2014 and 2016
AVC Club Volleyball Championship
Champions (2): 2002 and 2014
Runners-up (1): 2015 and 2017
League results
Current squad
2021-2022 squad as of 9 September 2021
Head coach: Shinko Sakai
Former players
Domestic players
Shizuka Hyodo (2007–2009)
Maiko Hanzawa (2007–2009)
Ai Yamamoto (2008-2009)
Aya Mikami (2006–2009)
Eri Tokugawa (2006–2009)
Naoko Hashimoto (2003–2009)
Miki Ishii (2008–2010)
Shuka Oyama (2001–2010)
Miyuki Kano (2006–2010)
Kanako Omura (2000–2010)
Yuko Sano (2006–2010)
Mizuho Ishida (2009–2015)
Kanako Hirai (2007–2014)
Maiko Kano (2012–2015)
Risa Ishibashi (2012–2017
Chizuru Koto (2009–2019)
Akane Ukishima (2015–2018) Transferred to Kurobe AquaFairies
Fumika Moriya (2014–2019) Transferred to Denso Airybees
Sayaka Tsutsui (2016–2019) Transferred to PFU BlueCats
Risa Shinnabe (2009–2020)
Nana Iwasaka (2009–2021)
Kotoki Zayasu (2008–2016, 2017–2021)
Ayano Nakaoji Kojima (2013–2017, 2019–2021)
Foreign players
Ana Paula Lopes Ferreira (2006–2007, 2011–2012)
Elisângela Oliveira (2009–2011)
(2013–2014)
Fabiana Claudino (2019–2020)
Nataša Osmokrović (1996–1997)
Kenia Carcaces (2005–2006)
Yelena Pavlova (2007–2008)
Francien Huurman (2002–2003)
Brankica Mihajlović (2014–2015)
Logan Tom (2008–2009)
Foluke Akinradewo (2017–2019)
References
Japanese volleyball teams
Volleyball clubs established in 1948
1948 establishments in Japan
Sports teams in Kobe
Sports teams in Saga Prefecture
Kira Cochrane (; born 1977) is a British journalist and novelist.  They are the Head of Features at The Guardian, and worked previously as Head of Opinion. Cochrane is an advocate for women's rights, as well as an active participant in fourth wave feminist movements.
Early life and education
Kira Cochrane was born and raised in Loughton, Essex. Cochrane and their younger brother were raised by their mother in a single parent household. Them father died of a heart attack in 1979 at age 34; Cochrane was two years old. In 1983, when Cochrane was six years old, their elder brother was killed (age 8) in a traffic accident. They attended Christ's Hospital school, Horsham before studying American Literature at the University of Sussex and the University of California, Davis.
Career in journalism
Formerly a journalist at The Sunday Times, Cochrane fills the position as current Head of Features at The Guardian. They were the newspaper's women's editor from 2006 to November 2010, when they were succeeded by Jane Martinson. Cochrane wrote a column for the New Statesman magazine from 2006 to July 2008 and has written occasionally for other news sources such as The Huffington Post.
The Guardian
Since beginning their career with The Guardian in 2006, Cochrane continues to produce content covering women's empowerment and female leaders in progressivism. In a 2017 interview with The Heroine Collective, Cochrane expresses their passion for writing with The Guardian:“I always felt it was my duty to run pieces about the more enjoyable sides of women's lives, as well as the everyday sexism and horror,” they say. “To try and reflect the reality of our experiences.”
Writing
Kira Cochrane has published four novels, Modern Women 52 Pioneers (2017), All The Rebel Women (2013),The Naked Season (2003), and Escape Routes for Beginners (2004), which appeared on the long list for the 2005 Orange Prize for Fiction. In 2009, Cochrane themselves appeared on the judging panel for that year's Orange Prize for Fiction. She's co-edited (with Eleanor Mills) Cupcakes and Kalashnikovs: 100 Years of the Best Journalism by Women, published in the United States as Journalistas: 100 Years of the Best Writing and Reporting by Women Journalists. They have also edited an anthology of women's writing, which has appeared in The Guardian, Women of the Revolution: Forty Years of Feminism.
The Naked Season (2003)
As an emerging author, Cochrane turned feminism into fiction in their first novel, The Naked Season.
Escape Routes for Beginners (2004)
In their second novel, Kira explores their narrative through the eyes of 13-year-old Rita Mae. Rita questions their parents toxic marriage and wishes to escape the prison-island they reside on. Throughout the novel, Rita uncovers secrets about their family's past. Escape Route for Beginners landed Cochrane as the youngest author nominated for the Orange Prize for Fiction, at 27 years old. Cosmopolitan calls it, "Inventive and deliciously dark."
All the Rebel Women (2013)
As a supporter of fourth wave feminist movements, Cochrane constructs All the Rebel Women as a tribute to those who are promoting change. In 2013, The Guardian posted an extract of the short novel and summarizes it as such:"Kira Cochrane's 'All the Rebel Women' collects the voices making up a new fourth wave of feminism. In this exclusive extract, they look at the role humour has to play in the movement."
Modern Women: 52 Pioneers (2017)
Modern Women is a tribute to women who have paved the way for women's equality today. Cochrane immortalizes their legacies with visual and textual elements throughout. In the interview with The Heroine Collective, Kira explains their motivations for Modern Women:"I wanted each woman to be someone who shifted the world's sense of what might be possible for women."
Fourth-wave feminism
Cochrane's All the Rebel Women is solely based on the rise of fourth-wave feminism: the current era of feminism that is heightened by the use of social media and strives for intersectionality in society. The fourth wave focuses on supporting movements such as body positivity and sex-positivity, as well as protecting the rights of the LGBTQ community. Cochrane began their research and reporting of the fourth wave in 2013, upon collecting information for All the Rebel Women. In 2013, Cochrane wrote an article for The Guardian, titled "The fourth wave of feminism: meet the rebel women." Cochrane says:"Welcome to the fourth wave of feminism. What's happening now feels like something new again. It's defined by technology: tools that are allowing women to build a strong, popular, reactive movement online. Just how popular is sometimes slightly startling.""As 2013 unfolded, it became impossible to ignore the rumble of feminist campaigners, up and down the country.""But bald attempts to silence women only made the movement larger and louder. They convinced those who had never thought about misogyny before that it was clearly still alive, and convinced those who were well aware of it to keep going."
References
1977 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Sussex
University of California, Davis alumni
British journalists
British women journalists
English feminists
English women writers
British feminist writers
People from Loughton
The Guardian journalists
People educated at Christ's Hospital
Fourth-wave feminism
Węglinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 1981 Bandy World Championship was the 12th Bandy World Championship and was contested between four men's bandy playing nations. The championship was played in Khabarovsk in the Soviet Union from 7 February-15 February 1981. Sweden became champions for the first time. The Soviet Union had won all previous championships.
Squads
Participants
Premier tour
7 February
Norway – Finland 1–6
Soviet Union – Sweden 1–6
8 February
Finland – Sweden 0–3
Soviet Union – Norway 14–0
10 February
Norway – Sweden 0–8
Soviet Union – Finland 8–0
12 February
Norway – Finland 1–5
Soviet Union – Sweden 3–1
14 February
Finland – Sweden 2–5
Soviet Union – Norway 7–0
15 February
Norway – Sweden 1–12
Soviet Union – Finland 5–1
Sweden champions due to better head-to-head record.
The champion team
References
International bandy competitions hosted by the Soviet Union
1981
World Championship
Bandy World Championship
Sport in Khabarovsk
Bandy World Championship
Radical 77 or radical stop () meaning "stop" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 99 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 73rd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6B62
077
073
Anj Pol (; also known as Anjeh Pol and Anjehpol) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 310, in 79 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Brigadier Patrick Martin Blagden CBE (15 March 1935 – 17 December 2020) was a British Army officer and was the United Nations' foremost expert on de-mining at UNMAS.
Career
Born 15 March 1935, Paddy Blagden spent nearly 35 years in the British Army, of which the last 9 years were spent in Research and Development, operational needs for special equipment and the purchasing of equipment. In May 1988 they joined the engineering staff of Royal Ordnance plc, part of British Aerospace.
Blagden was commissioned into the Royal Engineers from Sandhurst in 1955. They were promoted to lieutenant in 1957, captain in 1961, major in 1967, lieutenant-colonel in 1975, colonel in 1980 and brigadier in 1984. They retired in 1988.
In September 1991, they were sent to direct the Royal Ordnance mine clearance and EOD contract in the Gulf, which they managed until the end of the mine clearance phase. In July 1992 they were appointed Project Manager of a Royal Ordnance weapons system, but in August 1992 they were recruited by the UN to set up their mine clearance office, which later became UNMAS.
They ran the UN de-mining office until August 1995, when they left to become a freelance consultant for the World Bank, the ICRC, the EU (including assistance to the JRC and the writing of contracts for clearance of a minefield in Zimbabwe), and a number of other agencies including the Japanese and Swiss Governments.
In 1994, they wrote "Anti-Personnel Landmines: Friend or Foe? A Study of the Military Use and Effectiveness of Anti-Personnel Mines". The report commissioned by the ICRC looked at the use and effectiveness of the weapons through a 55-year span.
In September 1998 they were invited by the Swiss government to assist in the formation of the GICHD, and then to act as its Technical Director, a post they continued to hold until 2011, when they retired to become a local Conservative councillor.
Blagden served as Mayor of Farnham in Surrey for the municipal year 2013–2014.
They married Ann Bradbury in 1961 and they had three daughters: Katharine Brazier (wife of the former Conservative MP Julian Brazier), Anna Birch and Sarah Blagden (oncologist).
They died 17 December 2020.
References
Royal Engineers officers
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
British officials of the United Nations
1935 births
2020 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) councillors
Cedar Grove Plantation, also known as the Charles Walker House, is a Greek Revival plantation house located near Faunsdale, Marengo County, Alabama. It is notable in having been the residence of Nicola Marschall for a brief period while the Walker family owned the property. The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 13 July 1993 as a part of the Plantation Houses of the Alabama Canebrake and Their Associated Outbuildings Multiple Property Submission.
History
The house had its beginnings in 1830 with the construction of a two-story log house by Dougal and Malcolm McAlpin, two brothers from Scotland. In 1848 Charles and Margaret Walker purchased the property and hired a builder from Virginia, Theophilus Fowler, to begin construction of the main house. The house served as the center of the large plantation, Charles Walker owned 154 slaves in 1860. The former log house is believed to have been incorporated into the main house to become the dining room and a bedroom. The house remained under construction until 1858.
Nicola Marschall was a friend of the Walker family and lived with them briefly at their home. The two-story schoolhouse behind the main house is believed to have been used by them as a studio during their time there. This schoolhouse served as a school for children in the area until 1925. The house remained in the Walker family until 1982.
Description
The house is a two-story frame structure with a gabled roof and double veranda. It is built in a vernacular Greek Revival style. The original porch was altered in 1915 from a one-story design with simple turned wooden columns, spanned by arched latticework, to the multi-level configuration with paneled box columns seen today.
Gallery
References
National Register of Historic Places in Marengo County, Alabama
Historic districts in Marengo County, Alabama
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Plantation houses in Alabama
Houses in Marengo County, Alabama
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Harrison John Osterfield (né Davy; born 4 July 1996) is a British actor and model. They first gained prominence through the 2019 miniseries Catch-22, in the supporting role of Snowden. In 2021, they starred as Leopold in the Netflix series The Irregulars, their first ever lead role.
Early life and education
Osterfield was born in Surrey, United Kingdom and raised near West Sussex with their younger sister, Charlotte. From 2008 to 2014, they attended Caterham School as a boarding student, participating in the drama club and starring in school plays. This inspired them to pursue acting, and they subsequently enrolled in the BRIT School, where they met and became close friends with Tom Holland. They were then accepted into the foundation course at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Career
When Holland was cast as Spider-Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Osterfield was brought on to be their personal assistant on two movies, and made minor cameos in the films which starred Holland.
In June 2018, it was announced that they had been cast in a minor role on the 2019 Hulu adaptation of Catch-22 directed by George Clooney. Also in 2019, they created a comedy podcast called Village People with their friend Greg Birks. They voice the characters Simon and Mark, who interview the residents of their fictional English hometown.
In October 2019, they were cast in their first lead role in the 2021 Netflix series The Irregulars. The series premiered in March 2021 and was cancelled in May of that year.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
21st-century English male actors
English male film actors
English male television actors
English male voice actors
Male actors from Surrey
People educated at Caterham School
People educated at the BRIT School
The 555th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment (; Military Unit Number 30147) was a surface-to-air missile regiment of the Soviet Air Defense Forces during the Cold War which briefly became part of the Russian Air Defense Forces.
Active from 1960, the regiment provided air defense for the Leningrad area with S-75 and S-200V missiles. It was disbanded in 1995 as a result of the introduction of the more modern S-300PS in the Leningrad air defense system.
History
In the summer and fall of 1956, the 555th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment was formed as part of the Soviet Air Defense Forces from the 86th Separate Anti-Aircraft Artillery Battalion, a Soviet Army unit transferred from the Group of Soviet Forces in Germany, previously stationed in Dresden. The new regiment was stationed in the village of Veretye near Ostrov. In 1960, the regiment was split into the 406th and 555th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiments. The former was transferred to Petrozavodsk and then to Novaya Zemlya. Both units were equipped with S-75 Dvina surface-to-air missiles. By the end of the year, the 555th included four S-75 battalions with its headquarters at Tishino (Ostrov-2). The regiment was part of the 6th Independent Air Defense Army.
In early 1971, a group of two S-200V battalions at Ostrov-6 joined the regiment, and two of the S-75 battalions transferred to another unit. In the 1970s and the 1980s, the regiment included two S-200V battalions and two S-75 battalions. In 1986, the 86th became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps. After the more modern S-300PS was introduced into the Leningrad air defense system, the S-200V units were gradually phased out. The 555th was disbanded in 1995.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Surface-to-air missile regiments of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Regiments of the Russian Federation
Military units and formations established in 1960
Military units and formations disestablished in 1995
The Association of Los Alamos Scientists (ALAS) was founded on August 30, 1945, by a group of scientists, who had worked on the development of the atomic bomb at the Los Alamos Laboratory, a division of the Manhattan Project.
Purpose
The purpose of the organization was "to promote the attainment and use of scientific and technological advances in the best interests of humanity", according to the manifesto, available in the archives of the University of Chicago.
The scientists believed that they, "by virtue of their special knowledge, have, in certain spheres, special political and social responsibilities beyond their obligations as individual citizens". The association sought to carry out these responsibilities by keeping its members informed, "and by providing a forum through which their views can be publicly and authoritatively expressed".
The ALAS concentrated its activities principally in promoting international control of nuclear power and directing it to peaceful uses. Its members also attempted to promote responsible uses of science, and the freedom and integrity of scientists and scientific research.
The group sponsored public education on the nature and control of atomic energy through lectures, films, and exhibits, and the distribution of literature. It also attempted to influence public policy by means of informed statements to the press and correspondence with high government officials and members of congress.
References
Richard Rhodes, The Making of the Atomic Bomb
Robert Jungk, Brighter Than a Thousand Suns
1945 establishments in New Mexico
Nuclear organizations
BSON () is a computer data interchange format. The name "BSON" is based on the term JSON and stands for "Binary JSON". It is a binary form for representing simple or complex data structures including associative arrays (also known as name-value pairs), integer indexed arrays, and a suite of fundamental scalar types.
BSON originated in 2009 at MongoDB. Several scalar data types are of specific interest to MongoDB and the format is used both as a data storage and network transfer format for the MongoDB database, but it can be used independently outside of MongoDB.
Implementations are available in a variety of languages such as C, C++, C#, D, Delphi, Erlang, Go, Haskell, Java, JavaScript, Julia, Lua, OCaml, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby, Rust, Scala, Smalltalk, and Swift.
Data types and syntax
BSON has a published specification. The topmost element in the structure must be of type BSON object and
contains 1 or more elements, where an element consists of a field name, a type, and a value. Field names are strings. Types include:
Unicode string (using the UTF-8 encoding)
32-bit integer
64-bit integer
double (64-bit IEEE 754 floating point number)
decimal128 (128-bit IEEE 754-2008 floating point number; Binary Integer Decimal (BID) variant), suitable as a carrier for decimal-place sensitive financial data and arbitrary precision numerics with 34 decimal digits of precision, a max value of approximately 106145
datetime w/o time zone (long integer number of milliseconds since the Unix epoch)
byte array (for arbitrary binary data)
boolean (true and false)
null
BSON object
BSON array
JavaScript code
MD5 binary data
Regular expression (Perl compatible regular expressions ("PCRE") version 8.41 with UTF-8 support)
An important differentiator to JSON is that BSON contains types not present in JSON (e.g. datetime and byte array) and offers type-strict handling for several numeric types instead of a universal "number" type. For situations where these additional types need to be represented in a textual way, MongoDB's Extended JSON format can be used.
Efficiency
Compared to JSON, BSON is designed to be efficient both in storage space and scan-speed. Large elements in a BSON document are prefixed with a length field to facilitate scanning. In some cases, BSON will use more space than JSON due to the length prefixes and explicit array indices.
Example
A document such as will be stored as:
\x16\x00\x00\x00 // total document size
\x02 // 0x02 = type String
hello\x00 // field name
\x06\x00\x00\x00world\x00 // field value (size of value, value, null terminator)
\x00 // 0x00 = type EOO ('end of object')
See also
Comparison of data serialization formats
JSON
CBOR
Smile (binary JSON)
UBJSON
Protocol Buffers
Action Message Format
Apache Thrift
MessagePack
Document-oriented database
MongoDB
Abstract Syntax Notation One (ASN.1)
Wireless Binary XML (WBXML)
Efficient XML Interchange
References
External links
tool included with MongoDB
JSON
Data serialization formats
Document-oriented databases
Agora É Tarde (English: It's Too Late) was a Brazilian late-night talk show produced by Eyeworks and broadcast by Rede Bandeirantes since 2011. The show was created and hosted by Danilo Gentili, until 2013, when they moved to SBT. Rafinha Bastos substituted them as host of the show until its cancellation in 2015. It was the second most successful show by Bandeirantes.
Synopsis
Agora É Tarde, is a humorous current affairs program hosted by Danilo Gentili between 2011 and 2013. According to Gentili, the show follows a politically correct line rather than the style used by CQC's members. Gentili also described their show as "a show where we would like to watch". Since 2014 this program is hosted by Rafinha Bastos.
Events
Since 20 September 2012, the show took over the slot on Tuesday formerly occupied by Os Anjos do Sexo.
Since 24 January 2012, the show has been simultaneously broadcast on radio station BandNews FM.
The show reached its 100th broadcast on 6 April 2012. During the celebration, Gentilli announced that the show would be broadcast also on Fridays – becoming a daily broadcast.
On 28 March 2012, humorist Marcelo Mansfield had a fake argument with Léo Lins (also a humorist) on the show. This argument was only a viral April Fools' Day prank.
Reception
The show did not initially have any sponsors and not many celebrities were willing to be interviewed by Gentili. The show created new segments, focusing on a lighter type of humor, rather than the black or aggressive humor used on CQC. Within four months, the show became one of the most popular shows at Rede Bandeirantes and had favourable reviews.
Notes
References
External links
Rede Bandeirantes original programming
2011 in Brazilian television
Brazilian television talk shows
Portuguese-language television shows
Radzanów may refer to the following places:
Radzanów, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Radzanów, Białobrzegi County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Radzanów, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship (south-central Poland)
Radzanów, Mława County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Raudsepa may refer to several places in Estonia:
Raudsepa, Valga County, village in Estonia
Raudsepa, Rõuge Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
Raudsepa, Võru Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
See also
Raudsepä
Pieter de Vries (1897 – November 1975) was a Dutch trade union leader.
De Vries became a sailor when they were 18, and joined a trade union two years later. From 1927 to 1931, they worked for the Amsterdam Chamber of Trade in the Dutch East Indies. They then returned to the Netherlands, and in 1932, they became the assistant secretary of the Master Mariners' and Mates' Union. They held the post until 1942, when the Nazis dissolved all the Dutch trade unions.
In 1947, de Vries was elected as president of the Netherlands Seafarers' and Fishermen's Union. The following year, they were additionally elected as president of the International Mercantile Marine Officers' Association, although this organisation was largely inactive, so the role involved little work. They also became prominent in the International Transport Workers' Federation (ITF), becoming the chair of its Fishermen's Section.
De Vries retired from their position in the Dutch union in 1958. They relocated to London to become the ITF's Director of Regional Affairs. The ITF's general secretary, Omer Becu, left to take a new role in 1960, and with their backing, de Vries was narrowly elected as their successor. They were re-elected by fewer than 500 votes in 1962, and retired in 1965.
References
1897 births
1975 deaths
Dutch trade unionists
Cream Ridge is an unincorporated community located within Upper Freehold Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. The rural area is made up of farmland, on which are located many horse farms. Numerous small business line with County Route 539.
History
The soil in Cream Ridge is Freehold sandy loam, some of the richest in the state of New Jersey. Many of the early residents became relatively wealthy "gentleman" farmers, with the actual farm work done by tenant farmers. Most of the early families were Presbyterians, Quakers, or Northern Baptists. Some of the surnames associated with the area are Holmes, Meirs, Rue, Cox, Wright, Lawrence, and Ridgway. The "gentleman" farmer lifestyle was dramatically curtailed during the Great Depression and after WWII, although remnants of this bygone lifestyle existed into the 1980s.
Notable people
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Cream Ridge include:
Linda K. Meirs (1884–1972), American Red Cross and Army nurse during World War I who was one of the first six American recipients of the Florence Nightingale Medal.
Ross Scheuerman (born 1993), running back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.
References
Upper Freehold Township, New Jersey
Unincorporated communities in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Unincorporated communities in New Jersey
The women's artistic individual all-around competition of the gymnastics events at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games was held on July 17–18 in Cartagena, Colombia.
Final
Qualification
References
2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games
Gymnastics at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Archips silvicolanus is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 23 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish ferruginous, but ochreous in the tornal area, tinged and sprinkled with rust brown. The markings are dark rust brown. The hindwings are brownish with an orange apical area.
Etymology
The name refers to the habitat and is derived from Latin silva (meaning forest) and colanus (meaning collected).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archips
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Martin Kuba (born 9 April 1973) is a Czech politician who served as Minister of Industry and Trade of the Czech Republic from November 2011 to July 2013. They were appointed to Petr Nečas's Cabinet on 16 November 2011. Since November 2020 they have been the Governor of the South Bohemian Region.
Education and profession
Kuba graduated from the Secondary Industrial School of Civil Engineering in České Budějovice in 1991, before deciding to become a doctor. They studied at Bílá Vločka Secondary Medical School, majoring in paramedics. They continued their studies at the First Medical Faculty of Charles University, graduating in 2002. From then they worked as a doctor in the Emergency Medical Service and as an anesthesiologist at the Department of Cardiac Surgery. From 1996 to 1998, they worked for PSM, a pyramid scheme. In 2004 they became the operator of the Fornetti bakery in Budějovice and in 2007 they founded the Fruit Frog chain of stores.
During their tenure as Deputy Governor of the South Bohemian Region, they retained a one-fifth job at the České Budějovice Hospital, and was also a member of its Supervisory Board. In their property declaration, they listed remuneration for their membership of the board of directors of the České Budějovice heating plant, which belongs 80% to the city (together with dividends they came to 150 thousand crowns, ended here after the municipal elections). Fruit Frog cocktails. After their appointment as minister, they stated that they would transfer this small business to members of their family so that they would not participate in it. After leaving the Ministry of Industry and Trade, together with Adam Kotalík, they ensured further production at Fiantex. They bought Texsr from Mr. Šrajer.
Political career
Early career
They joined the Civic Democratic Party. They were elected member of České Budějovice municipal assembly in 2006. They became leader of South Bohemian Civic Democratic Party in 2008 after resignation of previous leader Tom Zajíček. Kuba received 97 od 127 votes. During 2010 party convention Kuba ran for the position of Deputy Leader of the Party. Party leader Petr Nečas stated that their victory wouldn't be good for the party. Kuba wans't elected
Kuba ran for České Budějovice municipal assembly in 2010 on 11th place on the list. ODS won only 8 seat and Kuba thus wasn't elected. Petr Nečas publicly called party representatives who failed in the election to resign but Kuba remained in the position. Kuba became member of the municipal assembly once again on 10 March 2011 after resignation of three ambassadors elected in the election. In November 2011 Kuba was reelected leader of South Bohemian organisation.
Minister and Party leader
Kuba became a member of Petr Nečas' Cabinet on 16 November 2011 replacing Michal Doktor as Minister of Industry and Trade. Kuba then ran for the position of the Deputy leader of the Civic Democratic Party on party convention in 2012 facing Miroslava Němcová. Kuba received 363 votes against Němcová's 142 and won the position. After fall of the cabinet Petr Nečas resigned to the position of party leader and Kuba became acting leader of the Civic Democratic Party but Miroslava Němcová became electoral leader of the Civic Democratic Party in 2013 Czech legislative election. They ran for the Chamber of Deputies in the election but wasn't elected as the party suffered heavy losses.
Kuba decided to not defend position of Party leader and instead supported candidacy of Petr Fiala for 2014 Civic Democratic Party leadership election. Fiala won the leadership election replacing Kuba as party leader.
Municipal and regional politics
Kuba ran in 2014 municipal election for České Budějovice assembly but wasn't elected. They became a member of the South Bohemian regional assembly in the 2016 election. Kuba ran for the position of České Budějovice Mayor in 2018 municipal election in an attempt for political comeback. ODS received 8 seats in municipal assembly and remaine in opposition.
Kuba then led ODS during 2020 regional election in South Bohemia. ODS had strong performance during the election receiving 17.5% and gaining 12 seats being tied with ANO 2011. Kuba then formed coalition with KDU-ČSL, TOP 09, Czech Social Democratic Party and South Bohemians. Kuba became the new Governor. On 2 December 2020 Kuba was elected Chairman of the Regional Association.
Kuba gained widespread media attention during COVID-19 pandemic in the Czech Republic when they introduced Conception of Vaccination centres.
References
1973 births
Industry and Trade ministers of the Czech Republic
Living people
Politicians from České Budějovice
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) Government ministers
Leaders of the Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic)
Charles University alumni
Civic Democratic Party (Czech Republic) governors
Ri Thong-il (; born 20 November 1992) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Kigwancha and the North Korea national team.
Career
Ri was included in North Korea's squad for the 2019 AFC Asian Cup in the United Arab Emirates.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
Ri Tong-il at DPRKFootball
1992 births
Living people
North Korean footballers
North Korea international footballers
Association football defenders
2019 AFC Asian Cup players
Scagliola (from the Italian scaglia, meaning "chips") is a type of fine plaster used in architecture and sculpture. The same term identifies the technique for producing columns, sculptures, and other architectural elements that resemble inlays in marble. The scagliola technique came into fashion in 17th-century Tuscany as an effective substitute for costly marble inlays, the pietra dura works created for the Medici family in Florence. The use of scagliola declined in the 20th century.
Scagliola is a composite substance made from selenite, glue and natural pigments, imitating marble and other hard stones. The material may be veined with colors and applied to a core, or desired pattern may be carved into a previously prepared scagliola matrix. The pattern's indentations are then filled with the colored, plaster-like scagliola composite, and then polished with flax oil for brightness, and wax for protection. The combination of materials and technique provides a complex texture, and richness of color not available in natural veined marbles.
A comparable material is terrazzo. Marmorino is a synonym, but scagliola and terrazzo should not be confused with plaster of Paris, which is one ingredient.
Method
Batches of pigmented plaster (ground alabaster or gypsum) modified with animal glue are applied to molds, armatures and pre-plastered wall planes in a manner that accurately mimics natural stone, breccia and marble. In one technique, veining is created by drawing strands of raw silk saturated in pigment through the plaster mix. Another technique involves trowelling on several layers of translucent renders and randomly cutting back to a previous layer to achieve colour differential similar to jasper.
When dry, the damp surface was pumiced smooth, then buffed with a linen cloth impregnated with Tripoli (a siliceous rottenstone) and charcoal; finally it was buffed with oiled felt; beeswax was sometimes used for this purpose. Because the colours are integral to the plaster, the pattern is more resistant to scratching than with other techniques, such as painting on wood.
There are two scagliola techniques: in traditional 'Bavarian scagliola' coloured batches of plaster of Paris are worked to a stiff, dough-like consistency. The plaster is modified with the addition of animal glues such as isinglass or hide glue. 'Marezzo scagliola' is worked with the pigmented batches of plaster in a liquid state and relies mainly on the use of Keene's cement, a unique gypsum plaster product in which plaster of Paris was steeped in alum or borate, then burned in a kiln and ground to a fine powder; invented around 1840, it sets to an exceptionally hard state.
It is typically used without the addition of animal glues. Marezzo scagliola is often called American scagliola because of its widespread use in the United States in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. Slabs of Marezzo scagliola may be used as table tops. When set, scagliola is hard enough to be turned on a lathe to form vases, balusters and finials.
History
While there is evidence of scagliola decoration in ancient Roman architecture, scagliola decoration became popular in Italian Baroque buildings in the 17th century, and was imitated throughout Europe until the 19th century. Superb altar frontals using this technique are to be found at the Certosa di Padula in the Campania, Southern Italy.
An early use of scagliola in England is in a fireplace at Ham House, Surrey, which was brought from Italy along with the window sill in the reign of Charles II. This employs the use of a scagliola background which was then cut into to lay in the design.
In 1761, a scagliolista, Domenico Bartoli, from Livorno arrived in London and was employed by William Constable of Burton Constable in Yorkshire. Here they produced two chimneypieces in white marble inlaid with the scagliola embellishments directly into cut matrices in the marble. Apart from the protective edges of altars at Padula this seems to be the first use of this technique.
In 1766 they went into partnership with Johannes Richter, possibly from Dresden, who may have brought a young Pietro Bossi with him. The name Bossi is associated with a family of Northern Italian scagliolisti. Bartoli supplied table tops to Ireland and one chimneypiece at Belvedere House in Dublin could be attributed to Richter. Their styles are very different. There is little evidence that either of them came to Ireland.
Pietro Bossi arrived in Dublin in 1784 and probably died there in 1798. They produced a number of chimneypieces in Dublin of very good quality. Scagliola inlay proved to be desirable in Ireland and there appears to be a continuation long after it became unfashionable in England.
In 1911, Herbert Cescinsky, in English Furniture remarked that scagliola had been popular in Dublin fifty years before. This would explain one at 86, Stephen's Green, clearly an 18th. Century chimneypiece, which has been later embellished in the mid 19th. Century for Crofton Vanderleur, formerly at 4, Parnell Square. A later firm, Sharpe & Emery, Pearce St., Dublin produces a number of examples in the neo-classical Bossi style, sometimes using original chimneypieces.
The correspondence between British Resident in Florence Sir Horace Mann and Horace Walpole describes the process of obtaining a prized scagliola table top. Having received their first top from the Irishman Friar Ferdinando Henrico Hugford (1695–1771) around 1740 Walpole had asked their friend Mann to acquire some more...
(one of these tables is at The Vyne. That table has the arms of Walpole (with their post 1726 Garter Knight embellishments) impaling Shorter - for Prime Minister Sir Robert Walpole and their first wife Catherine Shorter, who died 20 August 1737. They married Maria Skerret in early 1738, thus The Vyne's table could seem have been ordered before c1736-37).
In a letter dated 26 November 1741 Mann writes to Walpole:
Your scagliola table was near finished when behold the stone on which the stuff is put, opened of itself so that all that was done, to their [Hugford's] great mortification is spoilt. They would have been off for beginning again on account of their eyes etc., but I have begged they will do it and they are about it
and on 15 July 1742:
Your scagliola table is almost finished (you remember the first they [Hugford] undertook broke when near done) and is very handsome, but even in this commission my success is not complete, for I cannot persuade the padre [Hugford] to make its companion
and on 30 October 1742:
Your scagliola table is finished, though I have not got it home. The nasty priest [Hugford] will have 25 zecchins [£12 10s] besides many thanks, for the preference given to me, for some simple English have been tampering with them and offered 30 to get it, though it is by no means such a fine performance. The priest wishes I would not take it, as they would make a present of it to the Pope. They leaf Florence for good
and on 11 July 1747:
You bid me get you two scagliola tables, but don't mention the size or any other particulars. The man who made yours is no longer in Florence. Here is a scholar of their [Don Pietro Belloni?], but vastly inferior to him, and so slow in working that they have been almost three years about a pair for a Mr Leson [Joseph Leeson], and requires still six months more. I will endeavour to get somebody to write to the first friar [Hugford] and to engage them to make two tables in their convent and send them to Florence, of which I hope to be able to give you an account by next post.
and on 10 October 1749:
I am glad your scagliola tables please. You must make the greater account of them, as it is impossible to get any more of the same man [Hugford], nor indeed of their disciple here [Belloni], who is a priest too, and has been four years about a pair I bespoke of him, which they tell me plainly they cannot finish in less than two more. They work for diversion and won't be hurried.
In modern times—Tusmore House, Oxfordshire:
The great triumph of the saloon, however, is the use of scagliola, including the richly coloured and figured Sienna shafts of the eight fluted Corinthian columns...and the urns, entablature and balustrade to the second-floor landing which gives access to four plaster-vaulted ante rooms serving the main bedrooms. All this scagliola was produced by Richard Feroze, England's leading contemporary scagliola-maker.
Italian plasterworkers produced scagliola columns and pilasters for Robert Adam at Syon House (notably the columns in the Anteroom) and at Kedleston Hall (notably the pilasters in the Saloon). In 1816 the Coade Ornamental Stone Manufactory extended their practice to include scagliola; their scagliola was used by Benjamin Dean Wyatt at Apsley House, London.
In the United States scagliola was popular in the 19th and 20th centuries. Important US buildings featuring scagliola include the Mississippi State Capitol in Jackson, Mississippi (1903), Allen County Courthouse in Fort Wayne, Indiana, Belcourt Castle in Newport, Rhode Island, in the old El Paso County Courthouse (Colorado) in Colorado Springs, in the Kansas State Capitol in Topeka, Kansas, in Shea's Performing Arts Center in Buffalo, New York, and in the Navarro County Courthouse in Corsicana, TX. St. Louis Union Station in St. Louis, Missouri, prominently features scagliola in its magnificent Grand Hall, the Rialto Square Theatre, Joliet, IL, Cathedral of St. Helena in Helena, MT, Congregation Shearith Israel in New York City, Milwaukee Public Library Central Library in Milwaukee, WI and the French Lick Resort Casino, French Lick, IN which recently underwent a major restoration.
Scagliola has historically been considered an Ersatz material and an inexpensive alternative to natural stone. However, it has eventually come to be recognised as an exceptional example of the plasterer's craft and is now prized for its historic value as well as being used in new construction because of its benefits as a plastic material suited to molding in ornate shapes.
Scagliola columns are not generally built of the solid material. Instead scagliola is trowelled onto a canvas which is wrapped around the column's core, and the canvas peeled away when semi-hardened. The scagliola is then surfaced in place.
The verd antique columns and pilasters in the Anteroom at Syon House are made out of marble not scagliola as it is widely perceived (a beautiful and rare, predominantly green marble that was quarried in Larissa of Greece since antiquity). These columns are not solid. Round sections of marble were painstakingly cut as a veneer of an approximate thickness of 5–6 mm and then glued onto a column core that is hollow and was probably made out of plaster.
On closer inspection the viewer can see the joints of the various sections. The discerning eye will soon realise that they are looking at verd antique veneered marble and not verd antique scagliola. The 3.6 metre high verd antique scagliola columns that can be seen at Dropmore House, Buckinghamshire, are based on the colours and design of this historical work at Syon House. Both research and execution of these new columns were undertaken recently by the contemporary scagliolist Michael Koumbouzis.
Gallery
See also
Polished plaster
Coade stone
References
John Fleming, "The Hugfords of Florence", The Connoisseur, 1955, cxxxvi. 109.
Conor O'Neill, In Search of Bossi, The Journal of the Irish Georgian Society, Vol. I, 1998, pp. 146–175
A. M. Massinelli, Scagliola. L'arte della pietra di luna' :it:Bianco Bianchi (artigiano), Roma, 1997
R. de Salis, Fane-Stanhope scagliola, London, 2008.
Donald Cameron, Scagliola Inlay Work: the problems of attribution, The Journal of the Irish Georgian Society, Vol. VII, 2004, pp. 140 – 155
Patrick Pilkington: The Chimneypiece in Ireland in the 18th. Century, Ireland's Antiques & Period Properties, Vol. 5, no.2, 2008-9 pp. 78–82.
Notes
Architecture
Building materials
Craft materials
Plastering
Wallcoverings
Glyphipterix bifasciata is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Walsingham in 1881. It is found in North America, including Washington, California and British Columbia.
The wingspan is about 15 mm.
References
Moths described in 1881
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of North America
Humaymah Kabirah () is a Syrian town located in Dayr Hafir District, Aleppo. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Humaymah Kabirah had a population of 4,190 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Dayr Hafir District
Lake Hayq (Amharic: ሐይቅ ሐይቅ, ) is a freshwater lake of Ethiopia. It is located north of Dessie, in the Debub Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region. The town of Hayq is to the west of the lake.
Lake Hayq is 6.7 km long and 6 km wide, with a surface area of 23 km². It has a maximum depth of 88 m and is at an elevation of 2,030 meters above sea level. It is one of two lakes in the Tehuledere woreda.
History
According to a local legend, the lake was created to avenge a pregnant woman who was wronged by a princess. God was greatly angered by this injustice, and in their wrath turned all of the land surrounding the woman (except the ground they were sitting on) into the water forming a lake, destroying the princess along with their friends and family in the process. Where the pregnant woman was sitting became an island (now a peninsula) where Istifanos Monastery, founded in the middle of the 13th century by Iyasus Mo'a, is located.
A former student of Iyasus Mo'a, Tekle Haymanot, went on to found the monastery of Debra Asbos (renamed in the 15th century to Debre Libanos) in Shewa. Tekle Haymanot was one of five bright young religious students who became the "five lights of Christianity" for the south of Ethiopia. Iyasus Mo'a also played a role in Yekuno Amlak's overthrow of the Zagwe dynasty, and helped restore the Solomonic dynasty. Upon Yekuno Amlak's ascension to the throne, Istifanos Church became Istifanos Monastery.
The church was established around the 8th century during the Axumite era and was the first one in what was then the Amhara province. The events surrounding its establishment, however, are not clear. Some legends suggest that there was an Aksumite palace in Ambasselle opposite the modern Istifanos monastery, located on the opposite side of the Lake Hayq. Imam Ahmad Gragn looted and burned this church in November, 1531. The ruins of the church are still visible, and the legend states that the kings and princes who lived in that palace established the church.
The first known European to view the lake was Francisco Álvares, who passed near it 21 September 1520. They mention the lake had hippopotamuses and catfish, and the land around it was planted in lemons, oranges, and citrons.
References
Hayq
Amhara Region
Ethiopian Highlands
Hayq
History of Ethiopia
Karl Gall (5 October 1905 – 27 February 1943) was an Austrian footballer. They played in eleven matches for the Austria national football team from 1931 to 1936.
Personal life
Gall served as a Gefreiter (lance corporal) in the German Army during the Second World War. They were killed in action on the Eastern Front on 27 February 1943.
References
External links
1905 births
1943 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Footballers from Vienna
German Army soldiers of World War II
Austrian military personnel killed in World War II
Burials in Russia
Everybody's Doing It is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Christy Cabanne using a screenplay by J. Robert Bren, Edmund Joseph, and Harry Segall, based on George Beck's story. RKO produced and distributed the film, releasing it on January 14, 1938. The movie stars Preston Foster and Sally Eilers.
Plot
Bruce Keene works in the advertising department of Beyers and Company, which produces cereal, among other things. Their heavy drinking conflicts with their work output. They and their fiancé, Penny Wilton, who also works in the advertising department, believe that a boost in the sales of Beyers' cereal can come about if Keene draws a series of pictograms to be printed on the cereal boxes over a 30-week period. Customers who solve all 30 pictograms will be eligible to compete for a $100,000 prize. Willy Beyers, the company president, agrees to the concept, and the contest is launched.
The contest is very successful, but Keene tires of creating a new pictogram in the waning weeks of the contest. They resume their heavy drinking in bars. Wilton fears for their fiancé's future, hires a small-time hood, Softy Blane, to feign Keene's kidnaping so that while in the countryside they will finish the series of pictograms. Blane works for Steve Devers, a gangster who has taken an interest in manipulating the contest in order to win the $100,000. Blane doublecrosses Wilton, and really kidnaps Keene, taking them to Devers' hideout.
Keene works in captivity to expose their kidnappers by drawing pictograms that tell of their situation that are sent to Beyers. Wilton understands the clues, and uses them to puzzle out where Keene is being held. They lead the police to the hideout, and after a shootout, Keene is rescued. Reunited with their fiancé, they promise to reform their drinking ways and marries Wilton.
Cast
Preston Foster as Bruce Keene
Sally Eilers as Penny Wilton
Cecil Kellaway as Mr. Beyers
Lorraine Krueger as Bubbles Blane
William Brisbane as Willy Beyers
Richard Lane as Steve Devers
Guinn Williams as Softy Blane
Arthur Lake as Waldo
Solly Ward as Gus
Frank M. Thomas as Charlie
Herbert Evans as Grady
Jack Carson as Lieutenant
Fuzzy Knight as Gangster
Willie Best as Jasper)
(Cast list as per AFI film database)
Production
In June 1937 it was announced that B. P. Schulberg and Vivienne Osborne had been cast in the picture. By the middle of November 1937 the film, still known by its working title, Easy Millions, had finished production and was in the editing room. A November Variety article listed Christy Cabanne as the director, as well as William Sistrom as the producer. The screenplay was by J. Robert Bren, Edmund Joseph, and Harry Segall, while the cinematographer was announced as Paul Vogel. The cast list was described as Preston Foster, Sally Eilers, Paul Guilfoyle, Cecil Kellaway, and Lorraine Krueger. In early December the title of the film was changed to Everybody's Doing It, from its working title of Easy Millions. In mid-December, it was announced that the picture was to be released on January 14, 1938, and RKO did release the film on that date. The National Legion of Decency approved the picture for all audiences, rating it class A-1.
Reception
Harrison's Reports gave the film a mediocre review, stating that the plot was "so thin that, in order to pad it out to a full length feature, the producer had to use up some of the footage in the most stupid type of slapstick imaginable". Motion Picture Daily'''s opinion was quite lukewarm, saying that the film was an "inexpensive fabrication that may be unusual enough to satisfy the moderate taste moderately." The Motion Picture Herald'' gave a very ambiguous review, wherein they neither praised nor spoke negatively about the film, instead speaking about the film's structure and relation to recent films written along similar lines. They also linked the plot of the film to a recently past advertising scheme, called "Gold Coast", which bore a striking resemblance to the advertising gambit portrayed in the film. Finally, the magazine did comment that the audience's reaction at the showing they viewed was "spotty".
References
External links
1938 comedy films
1938 films
American comedy films
Films directed by Christy Cabanne
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s American films
Rendle McNeilage "Mac" Holten CMG (29 March 1922 – 12 October 1996) was an Australian politician and sportsman. They were a member of the Country Party and represented the Division of Indi in the House of Representatives from 1958 to 1977. They served as Minister for Repatriation from 1969 to 1972 in the Gorton and McMahon Governments. Before entering politics they played Australian rules football for the Collingwood Football Club
Early life and sporting career
Holten was born in Melbourne and educated at Scotch College, Melbourne. They left school at 16 to sell life insurance, but with the outbreak of World War II joined the Royal Australian Air Force in 1940 as a flying instructor and test pilot. They retired in 1946 with the rank of Flight Lieutenant and became a grocer. They kicked 83 goals in 82 games for Collingwood Football Club where they played in three losing Preliminary Finals and was also Vice-Captain of the Melbourne Cricket Club at one time. On 1949 they moved to Wangaratta to coach the Wangaratta Football Club.
Politics
Holten was elected as the Country Party member for Indi in the Australian House of Representatives from the 1958 election until their defeat by the Liberal candidate at the 1977 election. They were Minister for Repatriation from November 1969 to the McMahon government's defeat at the 1972 election. As minister they introduced bills, the Native Members of the Forces Benefits Bill 1972 and the Repatriation (Torres Strait Islanders) Bill 1972, to abolish discrimination in the level of benefits for indigenous Australians who had served in World War II.
Later life
Holten was Administrator of Christmas Island from 1980 to 1982. They were appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George for their parliamentary and community service in 1980. They were survived by their wife, Shirley, and three daughters.
Notes
External links
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian House of Representatives for Indi
Members of the Australian House of Representatives
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Collingwood Football Club players
Wangaratta Football Club players
Australian sportsperson-politicians
1922 births
1996 deaths
Christmas Island administrators
Melbourne Cricket Club cricketers
People educated at Scotch College, Melbourne
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
20th-century Australian politicians
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Australian World War II pilots
Waitematā and Gulf Ward is an Auckland Council ward which elects one councillor and covers the Great Barrier, Waiheke, and Waitematā Local Boards. The current councillor is Pippa Coom.
Demographics
Waitematā and Gulf ward covers and had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Waitematā and Gulf ward had a population of 92,865 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 6,450 people (7.5%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 21,246 people (29.7%) since the 2006 census. There were 38,712 households, comprising 46,767 males and 46,101 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.01 males per female. The median age was 32.2 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 9,390 people (10.1%) aged under 15 years, 31,755 (34.2%) aged 15 to 29, 43,053 (46.4%) aged 30 to 64, and 8,667 (9.3%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 63.4% European/Pākehā, 6.7% Māori, 4.8% Pacific peoples, 28.5% Asian, and 5.6% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 48.6, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 55.0% had no religion, 27.9% were Christian, 0.3% had Māori religious beliefs, 4.4% were Hindu, 2.2% were Muslim, 2.2% were Buddhist and 3.0% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 37,311 (44.7%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 4,566 (5.5%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $38,600, compared with $31,800 nationally. 22,119 people (26.5%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 45,783 (54.8%) people were employed full-time, 13,071 (15.7%) were part-time, and 3,450 (4.1%) were unemployed.
Councillors
References
Wards of the Auckland Region
Greenwood Public Schools can refer to:
Greenwood School District (Arkansas)
Greenwood Public School District (Mississippi)
Greenwood School District 50 (South Carolina)
School District Of Greenwood (Wisconsin)
Pseudotrigonogya is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Pseudotrigonogya ecuadorensis Manley, 1986
Pseudotrigonogya insularis (Fisher, 1949)
Pseudotrigonogya obscurinegro Manley, 1986
Pseudotrigonogya valdenbroi Manley, 1986
References
Buprestidae genera
Bliss College was an educational institution in Lewiston, Maine. It was founded in 1897 as a business college and later added an associate's degree in science, and moved its coeducational facilities to Pine and Webster streets. It closed in 1972.
Notable alumni
Susan Austin, state legislator
Aminah Robinson, artist
References
Education in Lewiston, Maine
Universities and colleges in Androscoggin County, Maine
Defunct private universities and colleges in Maine
Educational institutions established in 1897
Educational institutions disestablished in 1972
1897 establishments in Maine
1972 disestablishments in Maine
Tir Kan (, also Romanized as Tīr Kān) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 480, in 119 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Les Aventuriers de Koh-Lanta was the first season of the French version of Survivor, Koh-lanta. This season took place in Thailand on the island of Koh Rok, and was broadcast on TF1 from August 4, 2001 to September 22, 2001 airing on Saturdays and Sundays at 6:55 p.m.
The winner of this season of Koh-lanta was Gilles, who took home the prize of €100,000.
Contestants
Future appearances
Jean-Luc Florina returned for Koh-Lanta: Le Retour des Héros. Guénaëlle Biras returned for Koh-Lanta: La Revanche des Héros. Sandra Acabado returned for Koh-Lanta: La Nouvelle Édition.
Challenges
Eliminations Table
Ratings
External links
(Official Site Archive)
01
2001 French television seasons
Television shows filmed in Thailand
"Dreams-Come-True-Girl" is a song by musician Cass McCombs. It is the first track on their fourth album, Catacombs. The song, which was released as the album's first single on May 25, 2009, features vocals by Academy Award-nominated actor Karen Black.
Music video
The music video, directed by Aaron Brown and lensed by Ben Chappell, features McCombs and their band playing the song on a stage. This is intertwined with various shots of children doing things such as dancing, laughing, and skateboarding. The video also features guest vocalist Karen Black.
References
External links
"Dreams-Come-True-Girl" music video at YouTube
"Dreams-Come-True-Girl" at Discogs
Cass McCombs (official site)
Cass McCombs songs
Fanhams Hall is an 18th-century Queen Anne House-style country house in Wareside, Hertfordshire in the south east of England. It is a Grade II* listed building which is now operating as a hotel.
Built in the early 18th century, it was subsequently enlarged in 1901, when the original brick building was encased and extended as a three-storey Jacobean style country house, roughcast with stone dressings. On the north is a projecting hall range with a long gallery above. The east front has eight bays with a three-storey central porch. The west front has three bays and the courtyard front 15 bays, with a round arch entrance flanked by two two-storey towers with pyramidal roofs.
The interior is decorated in the Arts and Crafts style with plasterwork by L A Turner and stained glass by Morris and Co. in the library.
History
Fanhams Hall is noteworthy for being the birthplace and home of the first Lord Croft, Sir Henry Page-Croft, who was the youngest son of Richard Benyon Croft (benefactor of Richard Hale School) and who was Winston Churchill's appointed Under-Secretary of State for War until 1945. The south-east wing of the house served as their living quarters, and the present-day bedrooms numbered 207-210 were Lord Croft's maisonette. In 1874, Fanhams Hall was also the birthplace and home of their sister, Anne, who later became the second wife of Liverpool Brewer Sir Charles Nall-Cain; they lived at Brocket Hall, Welwyn until Lord Brocket's death in 1934, when Lady Brocket returned to Fanhams Hall where they resided until their death in 1949.
Earlier Joseph Farington RA visited their friends, Mr and Mrs Offley, at the hall. In 1828-33 it was rented by the first cousin of J.M.W.Turner RA, Charlotte Harpur, and their husband Dr Richard Jordan MD.
The house was sold as a training centre to the Westminster Bank in 1951, to the Chartered Building Societies Institute in 1971, and to J Sainsbury plc in February 1986.
Garden
Lady Brocket's interest in horticulture influenced the employment of Japanese gardeners to create the Hall's formal gardens. Them ornamental lakes and choice of trees (such as Japanese maples) can still be seen in the present-day formal grounds, as can the "Fuji-yama Mound" which was built with earth from the Hall's lakes.
The garden is listed grade II on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens.
Current use
The Hall currently serves as a hotel and events venue, and is owned by the hotel group Exclusive Hotels and Venues. The Hall is still open to the public as a local meeting point. For example, the local branch of the Ancient Order of Foresters holds meetings within the grounds, and its buildings are also a location for political fundraising events within the town.
Location
Fanhams Hall is located in Ware, Hertfordshire.
References
External links
Country houses in Hertfordshire
Hotels in Hertfordshire
Grade II* listed buildings in Hertfordshire
Grade II listed parks and gardens in Hertfordshire
Japanese gardens in England
Country house hotels
Wareside
August Förster is a German piano manufacturing company (also rendered "Foerster," occasionally "Forster," officially "August Förster GmbH Kunsthandwerklicher Flügel-und-Pianobau") that currently has a staff of 40 employees and produces around 120 grand pianos and 150 uprights per year.
History
On April 1, 1859, August Förster opened a small piano workshop in Löbau, Germany, expanding to a factory on Löbau's Jahn Street in 1862. Still in use today, this facility has been enlarged and modernized by the Förster family and remains the exclusive site for the manufacture of the original August Förster piano.
In 1897, Caesar Förster succeeded their father August as manager of the company and opened a second factory in Jiříkov, Bohemia (later Czechoslovakia and the Czech Republic) in 1900.
The owner Franz Cäsar Förster was awarded an imperial and royal warrant of appointment to the court of Austria-Hungary.
In 1937 the company manufactured one of the first electric pianos, the “Vierling-Förster” piano, developed by Oskar Vierling at the Heinrich Institute for Oscillation Research at the Technical University of Berlin using electromagnetic pickups.
In 1948 the factory in Jiříkov was nationalized. Under new state-sanctioned management many pianos of good quality were produced, but since 1948 the Czechoslovak-made pianos have had no connection or relationship to the German August Förster piano. This "other" August Förster is currently produced in the Czech Republic by the Petrof Piano Company and sold in Canada and certain European countries.
In 1972, the final phase of East German nationalization transformed the company into the state-owned "VEB Flügel-und-Pianobau Löbau." Although still under the management of Wolfgang Förster, the company was annexed as part of the German Piano-Union, Leipzig. The family name was added back into the official company name in 1976, resulting in instruments branded "VEB Förster Pianos Löbau." Also in 1976, the company began its first exports to the United States.
Noted Customers
Many prominent musicians have favored the German-made Förster piano. Among them have been Richard Strauss and Sergei Prokofiev, both owners of Förster pianos, and Giacomo Puccini, who wrote a number of their operas while working at a Förster piano. Robert Fischer, Alex Duke and Anton Kuerti are also noted for their regard of the August Förster piano.
Awards
Förster pianos have won many awards for quality and tone, including the "Verleihung der Goldmedaille für den Rokokoflügel" in 1987.
In The Piano Book by Larry Fine, the German-made August Förster piano receives the highest possible rating in the areas of performance, quality control, and confidence (Fine's term for general durability). In their "High Quality Performance Pianos" category, Fine ranks the modern August Förster piano as just below such internationally respected instruments as C. Bechstein, Grotrian, and Bösendorfer. In addition, Fine praises the modern Förster piano for its "remarkable bass," and also comments on a particular "responsiveness" of the Renner action when observed in the Förster application.
In popular culture
An August Förster piano was seen by audiences worldwide as the featured instrument in the movie The Pianist.
Current Grand Piano Models
Current Upright Piano Models
References
Further reading
"Altenburg Piano Hosts August Forster." Music Trades 148.9 (2000): 53.
Ehrlich, Cyril. The Piano: A History. Oxford, England: Clarendon Press, 1990.
Fine, Larry. The Piano Book: Buying and Owning a New or Used Piano, Fourth Edition. Jamaica Plain, MA: Brookside Press, 2005.
Good, Edwin. Giraffes, Black Dragons, and Other Pianos: A Technological History from Cristofori to the Modern Concert Grand, Second Edition. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001.
Williams, John-Paul. The Piano: An Inspirational Guide to the Piano and Its Place in History. New York: Billboard Books, 2002.
External links
Official homepage
Companies based in Saxony
German brands
Löbau
Piano manufacturing companies of Germany
Purveyors to the Imperial and Royal Court
Sheykhabad (, also Romanized as Sheykhābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 263, in 65 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Pohulanka may refer to the following places in Poland:
Pohulanka, Chełm County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Pohulanka, Parczew County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Pohulanka, Podlaskie Voivodeship (north-east Poland)
Pohulanka, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
KRLJ may refer to:
KRLJ-LD, a low-power television station (channel 24, virtual 45) licensed to serve Joplin, Missouri, United States
KECC, a radio station (89.1 FM) licensed to serve La Junta, Colorado, United States, which held the call sign KRLJ from 1999 to 2008
Berikey (; , Bərəkəy; Dargwa: Берикей) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Berikeyevsky Selsoviet, Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 3,028 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 26 streets.
Geography
Berikey is located 28 km southwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Ulluchay River. Dzhemikent and Ullu-Terkeme are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The Canon EOS 200D, known as the EOS Rebel SL2 in the Americas and EOS Kiss X9 in Japan, is a 24.2-megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera made by Canon. It was announced on 28 June 2017, with a suggested retail price of US$549 for the body and US$699 with the Canon EF-S 18-55m f/4-5.6 IS STM lens. The European release price is significantly higher, at €599 for the body only, the equivalent of $671 at current conversion rates (but this price may include VAT).
The model features an APS-C CMOS sensor, Dual Pixel CMOS AF, DIGIC 7 image processor, ISO 100-25600 range, optical viewfinder with a 9-point AF system, 7.7 cm (3.0 inch) 1040k dot articulated touchscreen, 1080p60 video with microphone input, and built-in Wi-Fi, NFC, and Bluetooth. It became available in July 2017, alongside Canon's parallel announcement of the 6D Mk II. It weighs 453 grams, including battery and memory card.
Features
The Canon 200D shares a similar set of features with the Canon EOS 100D. Both models are the smallest DSLR cameras produced by Canon, described as "the smallest and lightest DSLR" and are upper entry-level DSLRs. However, the 200D has the improved Dual-pixel CMOS AF system and the improved DIGIC 7 image processor.
Features include:
24.2 effective megapixel APS-C CMOS sensor
DIGIC 7 image processor
Continuous Shooting Speed of 5 fps
ISO sensitivity 100–25600, expandable to 51200
9-point AF system, with centre point AF cross type
3-inch touch-screen monitor
Liveview Mode, 100% coverage
Pop-up flash
See also
Canon EOS 100D
Canon EOS 250D
Canon EOS 300D
References
External links
Official page
200D
Cameras introduced in 2017
Jamaica competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track
Men's Field
Women's Field
See also
Jamaica at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Jamaican sport
is a women's football team which plays in Japan's WE League.
History
The club was founded as named Yomiuri SC Ladies Beleza as women's club of Yomiuri SC (currently Tokyo Verdy) by Yomiuri Shimbun in 1981. Its team name, "Beleza", is Portuguese for "beauty". It was a founding member of the league in 1989 and is the only Japanese women's club to have never been relegated. In 1999, the club was transferred to Nippon TV and the club name was changed to NTV Beleza. In 2000, the team name was changed to Nippon TV Beleza. In September 2009, Nippon TV withdrew from management. However the club name remains Nippon TV Beleza, because the club signed a new contract of naming rights with Nippon TV.
Stadium
The Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza play their home matches at the Tama Athletic Stadium, Inagi Chuo Park, Ajinomoto Field Nishigaoka or Ajinomoto Stadium.
Youth teams
Nippon TV Menina is the nickname for Beleza's football academy. Players such as Aya Miyama and Karina Maruyama have been on its roster.
The Nippon TV Menina currently plays in the Kantō League Div.1 (Division 3).
Other sports
Verdy is a polideportivo and also fields teams in association football, volleyball, and triathlon. The Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza's men's football team is the Tokyo Verdy. The club plays in the J2 League, the second tier of football in the country.
Founded as Yomiuri FC in 1969, Tokyo Verdy is one of the most decorated clubs in the J.League, with honours including 2 J.League titles , 5 Emperor's Cups, 6 JSL Cup / J.League Cups and an Asian Club Championship title, and the most successful team in Japanese football history with 25 titles.
The club was an original member ("Original Ten") of the J.League in 1993.
Coaching staff
Managerial history
Players
Current squad
Notable players
DF
Yukari Kinga (2003–2010)
Risa Shimizu (2013–2022)
MF
Akemi Noda (1989–2004)
Homare Sawa (1991–1998, 2004–2010)
Aya Miyama (1999–2000)
Mami Yamaguchi (2003–2004, 2010)
Mizuho Sakaguchi (2012–2020)
Yui Hasegawa (2013–2021)
FW
Shinobu Ohno (1999–2010)
Yūki Nagasato (2001–2009)
Mana Iwabuchi (2007–2012)
Honours
Continental
AFC Women's Club Championship
Champions (1): 2019
Regional
Japan and South Korea Women's League Championship
Champions (1): 2011
Domestic
NTV Beleza has attained the domestic treble (winning the Nadeshiko League, League Cup, and Empress's Cup) thrice: 2007, 2018 and 2019.
Nadeshiko League Division 1
Champions (17): 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 (record)
Runners-up (12): 1989, 1994, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2003, 2004, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014
Empress's Cup
Champions (15): 1987, 1988, 1993, 1997, 2000, 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2014, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 (record)
Runners-up (6): 1986, 1991, 1992, 1996, 2002, 2003,
WE League Cup
Runners-up (1): 2022–23
Nadeshiko League Cup
Champions (8): 1996, 1999, 2007, 2010, 2012, 2016, 2018, 2019 (record)
Runners-up (1): 1997
Nadeshiko Super Cup
Champions (2): 2005, 2007 (record)
Runners-up (1): 2006
Season-by-season records
Record in AFC Women's Club Championship
All results list Tokyo Verdy Beleza's goal tally first.
Transition of team name
Yomiuri SC Ladies Beleza: 1981–1991
Yomiuri Nippon SC Ladies Beleza: 1992–1993
Yomiuri-Seiyu Beleza: 1994–1997
Yomiuri Beleza: 1998
NTV Beleza: 1999
Nippon TV Beleza: 2000–2019
Nippon TV Tokyo Verdy Beleza: 20 January 2020 – present
See also
Tokyo Verdy
Nippon Television
List of women's football clubs in Japan
Notes
References
External links
Official website
Nippon TV
Women's football clubs in Japan
1981 establishments in Japan
Japan Women's Football League teams
Football clubs in Tokyo
Inagi, Tokyo
Association football clubs established in 1981
WE League clubs
The men's team pursuit in the 2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over three races on three occasions, out of a total of eight World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion involving the distance taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 19–21 November 2010, and the final occasion involving the distance taking place in Moscow, Russia, on 4–6 March 2011.
Norway successfully defended their title, while Russia came second, and the United States came third.
Top three
Race medallists
Standings
Standings as of 6 March 2011 (end of the season).
References
Men team pursuit
Isodemis brevicera is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 21 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream, sparsely dotted and suffused with brownish especially at the base of the wing and along the dorsum. The markings are brownish with dark brown parts. The hindwings are pale brown grey.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to the termination of the sacculus and is derived from Latin brevis (meaning short) and cera, from Greek keras (meaning a horn).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
The Great Britain national under-21 speedway team is the national under-21 motorcycle speedway team of Great Britain and is controlled by the Auto-Cycle Union. The team was started in all editions of Under-21 World Cup and was won one silver medal in 2007. Denmark has produced three Under-21 World Champions: Chris Louis (1990), Joe Screen (1993) and Lee Richardson (1999). Two riders, Marvyn Cox (1984) and Gary Havelock (1987) was won Individual U-21 European Championship open for riders from all continents.
Competition
See also
Great Britain national speedway team
External links
(de) Deutscher Motor Sport Bund webside
National speedway teams
S
Team
Craig Sellar Lang (13 May 1891 – 24 Nov 1971) was a New Zealand-born British organist, composer and music teacher.
Education
Born in Hastings, New Zealand, CS Lang (known to their friends as "Robin") was educated at Clifton College, and was a pupil of Walter Parratt and Charles Stanford at the Royal College of Music.
They were an ARCM and received their Doctorate of Music from The University of Durham.
Teaching
Lang returned to Clifton as assistant music master in 1921. Their works from this period include the secular cantata Lochinvar (Op. 7, 1927), Two Hundred Tunes for Sight-Singing (1928) based on their teaching experience, and a variety of arrangements and new works created so the entire school congregation could join the choir and organ in psalms and canticles.
In 1929 they were appointed Director of Music at Christ's Hospital school in Horsham, West Sussex, to where the choristers of Westminster Abbey were briefly evacuated during the Second World War. An obituary recorded their "personal magnetism" and determination to awaken "the budding musicianship of every sort of pupil".
Lang resigned from this post in 1945 in order to devote more time to examining and composition. Their instructional works, aimed at students, were highly influential. Generations of organists were brought up on their Harmony at the Keyboard, Exercises in Score Reading, as well as their books entitled Exercises for Organists, designed to prepare organ students for the keyboard tests of the Royal College of Organists' diploma exams.
Composition
CS Lang's choral music includes service settings (such as the Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis in B flat, Op.16), and anthems such as They shall give their angels charge over thee (1941). Their fine setting of Psalm 8 has remained popular. There are also many anthems for trebles' voices, composed for use at Christ's Hospital, as well as numerous secular choral works.
Their best-known work is the Tuba Tune for organ, Opus 15, a favourite of recitalists. This dashing little piece, which owes its title to the boisterous melody sounded forth on the organ's tuba stop, begins in the style of Handel but, in its central section, has some brief key changes that could belong to no century except the 20th. Lang's numerous other works for organ include a lengthy Sonata in D minor (Op. 47, 1947), the Introduction and Passacaglia in A minor (Op.51, 1952), the Fugue-Trilogy on E.G.B. (Op. 58, 1952), and many hymn preludes and sets of preludes and fugues.
Further reading
John C. Henderson, Directory of Composers for Organ (John Henderson Publications, 2005)
External links
Published works by C.S. Lang (Chester Novello catalogue)
Collection of (largely unpublished) works at the Royal College of Music Library
Tuba Tune on last.fm
References
1891 births
1971 deaths
Associates of the Royal College of Music
British people of New Zealand descent
Christ's Hospital staff
English classical organists
British male organists
English people of Scottish descent
Male composers
New Zealand composers
New Zealand music teachers
New Zealand people of Scottish descent
People educated at Clifton College
20th-century English composers
20th-century organists
20th-century British male musicians
Male classical organists
In mathematics, the Arens square is a topological space, named for Richard Friederich Arens. Its role is mainly to serve as a counterexample.
Definition
The Arens square is the topological space where
The topology is defined from the following basis. Every point of is given the local basis of relatively open sets inherited from the Euclidean topology on . The remaining points of are given the local bases
Properties
The space is:
T2½, since neither points of , nor , nor can have the same second coordinate as a point of the form , for .
not T3 or T3½, since for there is no open set such that since must include a point whose first coordinate is , but no such point exists in for any .
not Urysohn, since the existence of a continuous function such that and implies that the inverse images of the open sets and of with the Euclidean topology, would have to be open. Hence, those inverse images would have to contain and for some . Then if , it would occur that is not in . Assuming that , then there exists an open interval such that . But then the inverse images of and under would be disjoint closed sets containing open sets which contain and , respectively. Since , these closed sets containing and for some cannot be disjoint. Similar contradiction arises when assuming .
semiregular, since the basis of neighbourhood that defined the topology consists of regular open sets.
second countable, since is countable and each point has a countable local basis. On the other hand is neither weakly countably compact, nor locally compact.
totally disconnected but not totally separated, since each of its connected components, and its quasi-components are all single points, except for the set which is a two-point quasi-component.
not scattered (every nonempty subset of contains a point isolated in ), since each basis set is dense-in-itself.
not zero-dimensional, since doesn't have a local basis consisting of open and closed sets. This is because for small enough, the points would be limit points but not interior points of each basis set.
References
Lynn Arthur Steen and J. Arthur Seebach, Jr., Counterexamples in Topology. Springer-Verlag, New York, 1978. Reprinted by Dover Publications, New York, 1995. (Dover edition).
Topological spaces
United States v. John may refer to the following legal cases:
United States v. John (1978), 437 U.S. 634 (1978), on state jurisdiction relating to Indian reservations
United States v. John (2010), 597 F.3d 263 (5th Cir. 1983), interpreting the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
The chirruping wedgebill (Psophodes cristatus) is a medium-sized member of the genus Psophodes, which consists or four to five songbirds endemic to Australia. Commonly found in low shrublands in south-eastern inland Australia, the species is distinguished by its distinctive, chirruping call. The chirruping wedgebill and chiming wedgebill (Psophodes occidentalis) were considered to be a single species until as late as 1973, when they were separated due to marked differences in their calls.
Taxonomy
John Gould originally described P. cristatus and P. occidentalis as one species (Sphenostoma cristatum), and this remained common practice until c. 1973. The separation of the species at that date was based mainly on differences in song and range.
Description
The chirruping wedgebill is a medium-sized bird, measuring approximately 18–21 cm and weighing 31-64 g. Its bill is dark and wedge-shaped when mature, and horn-coloured when immature. It possesses a slim upright crest, and long rounded tail. Adult plumage consists of pale brown upperparts, with white/pale grey underparts. Flight feathers are edged with white, and the tail is coloured dark black-brown with a white tip. Immature individuals possess similar plumage, the only key differences being buff-tipped flight feathers, unlike the white tips of the mature individual.
This bird is often misidentified as the chiming wedgebill (Psophodes occidentalis). Key identifying features include the faint breast streaking, slightly longer tail, and repetitive chirruping call.
Call
The distinctive call of this species is described as an Antiphonal duet. Accounts of the call differ slightly. Pizzey and Knight describe the male as calling ‘sitzi-cheeri' (similar to the budgerigars rolling chirrup), while the female replies with an upward rolling ‘r-e-e-e-t CHEER'. The call is described by Simpson and Day, however, as “sparrow-like and repetitive. Male ‘', female response of ‘ee cheer'.”
Distribution and habitat
The chirruping wedgebill is found throughout south-eastern inland Australia, inhabiting low, open shrublands with acacia species. Distribution is patchy, but where found, the species is usually locally abundant. Though the species covers a large area, it is rarely found in the southern part of its range. It tends to favour areas with vegetation of bluebush, acacia stands, emu bush and lignum species.
Ecology
The chirruping wedgebill is territorial throughout the year. Adults are generally sedentary, with small flocks of up to 20 birds being regularly recorded. Juvenile birds tend to be more widely dispersed, sometimes forming loose foraging flocks of up to 100 individuals, that wander over greater distances than the adults.
The species is unobtrusive and reserved (though less shy than the chiming wedgebill), except when calling. While foraging, individuals make short flights (small flutters and glides) or run between cover.
The species is non-migratory.
Diet
The chirruping wedgebill feeds predominantly by foraging for seeds and insects.
Breeding
The species has several breeding seasons throughout the year: from March to May, and August to November, as well as after rain. The nest consists of a loose, shallow cup of grass, twigs and bark (lined with smaller, fine material). It is generally built in the fork of a dense tree, shrub or mistletoe, generally no more than three metres above the ground. Two to three blue-green eggs with sparse dark blotches are laid at a time. The eggs are of a tapered-oval shape, measuring approximately 24 x 17 mm. Incubation length is unknown.
The life span of this species is approximately 6.4 years.
It is not known if the sexes possess different roles in food collection or parenting.
Conservation
The chirruping wedgebill is classified as Least Concern by the IUCN.
References
chirruping wedgebill
Endemic birds of Australia
chirruping wedgebill
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Heart is a British radio network and brand of 13 adult contemporary local stations operated by Global throughout the United Kingdom, broadcasting a mix of local and networked programming. Ten of the Heart stations are owned by Global, while the other three are operated under franchise agreements. The national version of the network is widely available on Global Player, Freeview, Sky, Freesat, Virgin Media and Digital One DAB.
The Heart radio stations have a combined reach of 8.4 million listeners as of 2022, making it the third most-popular radio network in the UK after BBC Radio 2 and BBC Radio 4. The total reach for all Heart-branded stations is over 10 million.
History
Launch
Heart began broadcasting in the West Midlands on 6 September 1994 as 100.7 Heart FM, becoming the UK's third Independent Regional Radio station, five days after Century Radio in North East England, and Jazz FM North West.
The first song to be played on 100.7 Heart FM was Something Got Me Started by Simply Red. Its original format of "soft adult contemporary" music included artists such as Lionel Richie and Tina Turner. Reflecting this, its early slogan was 100.7 degrees cooler!
Heart 106.2 began test transmissions in London in August 1995, prior to the station launch on 5 September. This included live broadcasts of WPLJ from New York City.
In 1996 the Heart programming format saw the "soft AC" music replaced with a generally more neutral rock "n" roll playlist. Century 106 in the East Midlands became the third station of the Heart network in 2005 after GCap Media sold Century. Chrysalis' radio holdings were sold to Global Radio in 2007.
When GCap Media was taken over by Global Radio in 2008, it announced plans to dissolve the 41-station One Network, with one station (Power FM) becoming part of the Galaxy network, four stations (BRMB, Beacon Radio, Mercia FM and Wyvern FM) forming a West Midlands regional network, seven stations joining Capital FM to form The Hit Music Network and the remaining 29 stations forming the Heart Network.
Heart East Midlands was sold to Orion Media, along with the West Midlands network of local stations, due to the same competition concerns that had forced its earlier sale to Chrysalis.
Network restructuring
Between June and September 2010, Global Radio merged the majority of the 33 Heart stations to create a smaller network of 18 local and regional stations, in line with new OFCOM guidelines on local output requirements. Two Hit Music Network stations were also closed and merged with Heart stations.
Stations in Gloucestershire, Kent, London, the West Midlands, the East Midlands and Wiltshire were unaffected by the changes. Heart Cymru, serving Gwynedd and Anglesey, moved its studios from Bangor to Wrexham but retained its extended local output of 10 hours on weekdays and 8 hours on Saturdays and Sundays. Heart North West and Wales retained an opt-out on 96.3FM (the North Wales Coast) for Welsh language programming.
On 1 January 2011, Orion Media, the owners of Heart East Midlands (one of the original three Heart stations) renamed and relaunched the station as 'Gem 106', ending a franchise agreement with Global Radio formed when Global purchased GCap – the agreement allowed Orion to use the Heart identity and carry networked programming from London. The move saw Heart's networked programming replaced by local output from Nottingham.
Network expansion
On 19 March 2012, Global Radio announced it had bought the Cornwall ILR station Atlantic FM from joint owners Tindle Radio and Camel Media. Atlantic FM became part of the Heart Network and merged with Heart Devon on Monday 7 May 2012 to form Heart South West, which is based in Exeter.
On 6 February 2014, Global Radio announced it would be rebranding all Real Radio stations as Heart and would be selling Real Radio Yorkshire and the Northern licence for Real Radio Wales to Communicorp. The Communicorp-owned stations use Heart's network programming and branding under a franchise agreement with Global.
Global Radio extended the Heart network to the Real Radio network of regional stations from Tuesday 6 May 2014. The two stations based in Wrexham – Heart North West and Wales and Heart Cymru – became part of the Capital FM Network on the same date.
On 20 November 2017, CN Group announced The Bay would be sold to Global along with sister station Lakeland Radio – the sale was finalised by 1 December 2017. The Bay was rebranded as Heart, with Lakeland Radio becoming Smooth on 4 March 2018.
Music from the 1970s & 1980s were however removed from the original FM station after Christmas 2017, probably due to the station making more room for new music to come, or the popularity of Heart 70s & Heart 80s.
Consolidation
In February 2019, following OFCOM's decision to relax local content obligations from commercial radio, it was announced Heart would replace its local breakfast and weekend shows with additional networked programming from London by the end of the year. This reduced total weekly hours of local programming on each station from 43 to 15 and led to dozens of job losses.
Drivetime output were reduced from 23 localised shows to 10 programmes covering enlarged areas, formed from the merger of Heart stations. Ten studios producing local programming were closed. Localised news, traffic updates and advertising was retained across all licence areas.
In April 2019, it was reported the local Heart Breakfast shows would be replaced by a national Heart Breakfast show from London on 3 June 2019, presented by Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden. The merging stations ceased local output on 31 May 2019.
In Hertfordshire, a further change saw Heart Hertfordshire, based in Watford, merged with BOB fm – following its acquisition by Communicorp – to form a single countywide service.
Stations in the North East of England, Wales, central and southern Scotland, the West Midlands and Yorkshire continue to serve their single licence areas as before.
List of stations
As of May 2019, Heart's regional network consists of twelve stations:
As of 23 May 2022, Heart's national spin-offs consist of five stations, broadcast from Global's London headquarters:
Programming and presenters
Heart's network programming is produced and broadcast from the headquarters of Global at Leicester Square in central London. Most of the network's output is broadcast live, although some weekend shows are voicetracked.
As of 21 June 2019, Heart's Club Classics is simulcast with sister station Heart Dance. The Official Big Top 40 on Sunday afternoons is simulcast with Heart's sister network, Capital.
Networked presenters
Toby Anstis (Heart's Club Classics: Friday evenings)
Emma Bunton (Sunday evenings)
Dev Griffin (Monday-Thursday evenings, Saturday afternoons)
Zoe Hardman (Heart Breakfast: Sunday mornings)
Amanda Holden and Jamie Theakston (Heart Breakfast: weekdays)
Mark Wright (Saturday afternoons)
Regional presenters
Jason King (otherwise known as JK) and Kelly Brook (Heart Drivetime in London, Saturday mid-mornings)
Des Clarke & Jennifer Reoch (Heart Drivetime in Central Scotland)
Rich Clarke (Heart Drivetime in the South of England)
Ed James (Heart Drivetime in the West Midlands)
Emma Morton-Smith (Heart Drivetime in Yorkshire)
Former presenters
Sian Welby (now at Capital FM)Jenni Falconer (now at Smooth London)Ellie Taylor
Rochelle Humes
Jason Donovan
Stephen Mulhern and Emma Willis
Neil 'Roberto' Williams (now at Heart 80s)
Margherita Taylor (Now at Classic FM & Smooth Radio)''
Harriet Scott (now at Magic)
Lilah Parsons
Annaliese Dayes
News
All Heart stations broadcast local news bulletins each day – updates air hourly from 6am to 7pm on weekdays and from 6am to 12pm at weekends, similar to how Capital broadcasts news updates.
In accordance with OFCOM speech requirements, some Heart stations produce separate localised bulletins. For example, Heart West produces bulletins for Bristol and Somerset, Wiltshire, Gloucestershire, Devon and Cornwall.
Network presentation
As of 2014, the network uses jingles and themes produced by ReelWorld Europe, based in Salford.
Previously, Heart used a jingle package, composed by the Seattle-based music production company IQ Beats,
Criticisms
In August 2010, listeners in Bedfordshire and Crawley, West Sussex, complained about the merger of Heart stations and called for a boycott of the station.
There have been numerous criticisms made by listeners of the repetitive nature of Heart radio stations playlist in various outlets. A public complaint to the regulator Ofcom in 2012 that the "More Music Variety" slogan was materially misleading was not pursued as Ofcom deemed that it did not warrant further investigation. Ofcom stated that "We did not consider listeners were materially misled by this slogan."
Further complaints were made to the station in 2019, largely regarding the merger of some Heart stations and the reduction in local programming, following the relaxation of local content guidelines by OFCOM.
Networked slogans
1994-1996: "100.7 degrees cooler" (West Midlands)
1995–1996: "106.2 degrees cooler" (London)
1996–2017: "More Music Variety"
2017–present: "Turn Up the Feel Good"
2017–2019 Heart Breakfast slogan: "[city/region]'s favourite Breakfast Show"
References
External links
Heart
144,000 is a natural number. It has significance in various religious movements and ancient prophetic belief systems.
Religion
Christianity
Book of Revelation
The number 144,000 appears three times in the Book of Revelation:
Revelation 7:3–8:
Revelation 14:1:
Revelation 14:3–5:
The numbers 12,000 and 144,000 are variously interpreted in traditional Christianity. Some, taking the numbers in Revelation to be symbolic, believe it represents all of God's people throughout history in the heavenly Church. One suggestion is that the number comes from 12, a symbol for totality, which is squared and multiplied by one thousand for more emphasis. Others insist the numbers 12,000 and 144,000 are literal numbers and representing either descendants of Jacob (also called Israel in the Bible) or others to whom God has given a superior destiny with a distinct role at the time of the end of the world. One understanding is that the 144,000 are recently converted Jewish evangelists sent out to bring sinners to Jesus Christ during the seven year tribulation period. Preterists believe they are Jewish Christians, sealed for deliverance from the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 A.D. Dispensationalist Tim LaHaye, in their commentary Revelation: Illustrated and Made Plain (Zondervan, 1975), considers the 144,000 in Revelation 7 to refer to Jews and those in Revelation 14 to refer to Christians.
Jehovah's Witnesses
Jehovah's Witnesses believe that exactly 144,000 faithful Christians from Pentecost of 33 AD until the present day will be resurrected to heaven as immortal spirit beings to spend eternity with God and Christ. They believe that these people are "anointed" by God to become part of the spiritual "Israel of God". They believe the 144,000 (which they consider to be synonymous with the "little flock" of Luke 12:32) will serve with Christ as king-priests for a thousand years, while all other people accepted by God (the "other sheep" of John 10:16, composed of "the great crowd" of Revelation 7:9,14 and the resurrected "righteous and the unrighteous" ones of Acts 24:15), will be given an opportunity to live forever in a restored paradise on earth.
Individual Witnesses indicate their claim of being "anointed" by partaking of the bread and wine at the annual Memorial of Christ's death. More than 20,700 Witnesses worldwide—an increase of about 12,000 since 1995—claim to be of the anointed "remnant" of the 144,000. The members of the Governing Body who exercise teaching authority over Jehovah's Witnesses worldwide claim to be among the anointed 144,000, and also consider themselves as a group to be the faithful and discreet slave of Matthew 24:45 and Luke 12:42.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints believes that the sealing of the 144,000 relates to the high priests, ordained unto the holy order of God, to administer the everlasting gospel; "for they are they who are ordained out of every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, by the angels to whom is given power over the nations of the earth, to bring as many as will come to the church of the Firstborn."
Skoptzists
The Christian Skoptsy sect in Russia believed that the Messiah would come when there were 144,000 Skoptsy believers, based on their reading of the Book of Revelation.
Unification Church
The Unification Church founded by Reverend Sun Myung Moon believes the 144,000 represents the total number of saints whom Christ must find "who can restore through indemnity the missions of all the past saints who, despite their best efforts to do God's Will, fell prey to Satan when they failed in their responsibilities. They must find these people during their lifetime and lay the foundation of victory over Satan's world".
Islam
144,000 is alleged to have been the number of Sahaba of Muhammad, though other totals have been given. The number is also given as the total number of prophets in Islam, although this has also been reported as 124,000 or 244,000. The actual number of prophets or Sahaba (Companions) is not known; about 30 prophets are mentioned by name in the Qur'an.
Other uses
Coptic sources calculate the number of Holy Innocents massacred to have been 144,000.
A Baktun is 20 Katun cycles of the ancient Maya Long Count calendar, which contains 144,000 days.
References
Beliefs and practices of Jehovah's Witnesses
Book of Revelation
Judgment in Christianity
Integers
Numerology
Der Untertan (; literally "the underling", translated into English under the titles Man of Straw, The Patrioteer, and The Loyal Subject) is one of the best known novels of German author Heinrich Mann. The title character, Diederich Hessling, a dedicated 'Untertan' in the sense of a person subservient to a monarch or prince, is an immoral man who is meant to serve as an allegory of both the reign of Kaiser Wilhelm II and German society of their time.
The novel was completed during the July Crisis in 1914, shortly before the outbreak of World War I. Extracts had been published in the satirical magazine Simplicissimus from 1912 onwards, causing great controversy. A book edition was not published until 1918 by Kurt Wolff in Leipzig.
Plot
The socio-critical novel portrays the life of Diederich Hessling, a slavish and fanatical admirer of Kaiser Wilhelm II, as an archetype of Wilhelmine Germany. The name "Hessling" alludes to the German word for ugly, "". Hessling is unthinkingly obedient to authority and maintains a rigid dedication to the nationalist goals of the newly created Second Reich.
As a self-conscious and snivelling child, they act as an informer. They later gains self-confidence by joining a duelling student fraternity, practising as a drunkard and Stammtisch agitator, and by narrowly obtaining a doctorate of chemistry. They become a paper manufacturer, family patriarch, and eventually the most influential man in their small town.
Throughout the novel, Hessling's inflexible ideals are often contradicted by their actions: they preach bravery but is a coward; they are the strongest militarist but seeks to be excused from conscription; their greatest political opponents are the Marxist Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), yet they use their influence to help get their hometown's SPD candidate to the Reichstag parliament, in order to defeat their liberal business competitors; they start vicious rumors against the latter and then dissociates themselves from them; they both preach and enforces Christian morality against others but lies, cheats, and regularly commits adultery.
The plot ends with the solemn inauguration of an Emperor William monument, with Hessling delivering the speech, which is abruptly terminated by an apocalyptic thunderstorm. They also face the death of Buck, an elderly veteran of the democratic 1848 Revolution.
Themes
Diederich's ideals: blood and iron, and the might of opulent power, are exposed as hollowness and weakness.  They are an allegory depicting and satirizing the German people's increasing susceptibility to militarism, ultra-nationalism, anti-Semitism, and colonialism. Their character is often juxtaposed, in both words and appearance to Kaiser Wilhelm II. In one instance, Hessling's behavior and outward appearance move an observer to stammer, 'It almost seems to me...You look so very much like Theirs ...' , meaning the Kaiser.
Mann uses the moral bankruptcy and shallow ridiculousness of Hessling's life to critique both Wilhelminism and the German culture of the period. Like other German novels of the era, such as Theodor Fontane's Effi Briest, or even their brother Thomas Mann's Buddenbrooks, the principal target is the hypocrisy of the middle class and the risk of social collapse in a nation of loyal 'Untertan' citizens. Thomas Mann, however, rejected the work as "heinous aestheticism", while Kurt Tucholsky praised it as the "herbarium of the German man". The novel is frequently read in German schools up to today.
Adaptation
A lithograph named Der Untertan was created by Karl Hubbuch in 1923.
In East Germany, the book was made into the 1951 DEFA film Der Untertan (released in English as The Kaiser's Lackey), directed by Wolfgang Staudte and starring Werner Peters as Diederich Hessling. It received the National Prize of the German Democratic Republic and initially was banned in West Germany until a shortened version was released in 1957. A radio drama was produced by the public Westdeutscher Rundfunk broadcaster in 1971.
The BBC adapted the book for a six-part TV mini-series Man of Straw, broadcast in 1972, with Derek Jacobi as Hessling.
References
External links
The Patrioteer. Full 1921 English translation at Google Books
Man of Straw. Penguin Books, London, 1984, c1918. ()
1918 German-language novels
German novels adapted into films
German novels adapted into television shows
The following lists events that have happened in 1872 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Naser al-Din Shah Qajar
Births
June 21 – Mohammad Ali Shah Qajar is born in Tabriz.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1870s in Iran
Iran
Gornje Laze (; ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The municipality is included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola.
References
External links
Gornje Laze at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Gudavalli is a village in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is the located in Cherukupalle mandal of Tenali revenue division.
Geography
Gudavalli is situated to the north of the mandal headquarters, Arumbaka,
at . It is spread over an area of .
History
As per the Gudavalli Village kaifiyat (Village Kaifiyats of Guntur Vol-5) this village used to be called as Kumudavalli. There used to be some famous temples in the village.
As per the kaifiyat in 1128 AD, Kulotthunga Chola king made certain land grants to the temples in the village and new constructions. They also made an inscription (sasanam) regarding these grants.
In 1144 AD, this village was granted as Mirasi to certain Brahmins by Goparaju Ramanna the then prime minister to Ganapati king of Gajapathi clan
During freedom struggle, Nehru Granthalayam (library) was established in Gudavalli village as part of library movement to educate the people. Mahatma Gandhi visited the mandal on 23 December 1933 as part of harijan upliftment tour. They laid foundation for Vinayashram building in Kavuru village, opened temple for harijans and gave a short speech. A tree planted by Gandhiji in 1933 is still alive in this ashramam. Gandhiji again visited Vinayashram on 23 January 1937 during their tour of cyclone effected areas of coastal Andhra. Another ashramam (Maitreya Ashramam) to their memory was established in Gudavalli village and functions until date.
During freedom movement, a library named Nehru Granthalayam was established in the village for political education of the people. Maitreya Ashramam in Ashram bazaar was established in 1936 to commemorate Gandhiji visit to the mandal.
Demographics
The village is home to 4,022 people with 1186 households. The population consists of 27% schedule castes and 7% schedule tribes. It has a sex ratio of 1074 females per 1000 males in the village. The population of this village increased by 6.3% between 2001 and 2011
Governance
Gudavalli gram panchayat is the local self-government of the village. It is divided into wards and each ward is represented by a ward member.
Education
As per the school information report for the academic year 2018–19, the village has a total of 7 schools. These schools include 3 Mandal Parishad and 4 private schools. A primary school established in the village was upgraded to high school in 1944–45, using the funds collected for war efforts. It was named as Muniswamy Naidu Memorial (MNM) high school, in memory of Sri Bollina Muniswamy Naidu, ex-Chief Minister of Madras Presidency.
Sri Tripuraneni Rama Swamy Chowdary ITI (industrial Training Institute) was established in this village for imparting technical skills to people of surrounding area
Academy of Rural Development and Research Centre (Defunct at present) was established in 1970-80 between Gudavalli and Nadimpalli villages by Shri Kotapati Murahari Rao to study the rural development activities. This academy used to train anganwadi workers until late 1990s.
See also
List of villages in Guntur district
References
Further reading
The book Gudavalli about this village was written by Columba Sarah Evelyn in 2011.
Wiki page of Business person from Gudavalli - Sri Kotapati Murahari Rao
Villages in Guntur district
Égoïste is a men's perfume produced by French fashion house Chanel. It was created by perfumer Jacques Polge. The perfume was released in 1990. The word is French for "egoist", which means selfish or self-centered.
Commercials for the perfume have been directed by Jean-Paul Goude.
Product history
Based on Bois des Îles, Égoïste is the first male perfume with sandalwood oil as its main note. Another of its components is ambrette seed. The fragrance's name when it was introduced domestically in the 1980s was Bois Noir, French for "Black Wood", a name that was originally used in the working stage. Prior to its 1990 international launch, the product was rebranded because Chanel's marketing department did not like the Bois Noir name. The company had to purchase the rights to use the Égoïste name from photography magazine publisher Nicole Wisniak.
Advertising
The centerpiece of Chanel's advertising campaign to launch Égoïste first in Europe in April 1990 and in the United States one year later was a 30-second commercial, in French without subtitles, directed by Jean-Paul Goude and costing more than $1 million. It was filmed in a desert outside of Rio de Janeiro. A stucco facade inspired by that of the InterContinental Carlton Cannes Hotel was constructed by 300 workers in less than four weeks.
Its primary feature was 36 balconies situated four high and nine wide, each with shuttered doors. With "Dance of the Knights" from Sergei Prokofiev's ballet Romeo and Juliet as its background music, the film opens in black-and-white with a sequence of women dressed in ball gowns shouting lines adapted from Pierre Corneille's tragicomic play Le Cid:
The ad won a Gold Lion award at the International Advertising Festival held at Cannes. Égoïste's sales exceeded initial projections by 35 to 40 percent fifteen months after the international launch.
Notes
References
Perfumes
Chanel perfumes
History of cosmetics
Products introduced in 1990
20th-century perfumes
Distributed Evolutionary Algorithms in Python (DEAP) is an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas. It incorporates the data structures and tools required to implement most common evolutionary computation techniques such as genetic algorithm, genetic programming, evolution strategies, particle swarm optimization, differential evolution, traffic flow and estimation of distribution algorithm. It is developed at Université Laval since 2009.
Example
The following code gives a quick overview how the Onemax problem optimization with genetic algorithm can be implemented with DEAP.
import array
import random
from deap import creator, base, tools, algorithms
creator.create("FitnessMax", base.Fitness, weights=(1.0,))
creator.create("Individual", array.array, typecode='b', fitness=creator.FitnessMax)
toolbox = base.Toolbox()
toolbox.register("attr_bool", random.randint, 0, 1)
toolbox.register("individual", tools.initRepeat, creator.Individual, toolbox.attr_bool, 100)
toolbox.register("population", tools.initRepeat, list, toolbox.individual)
evalOneMax = lambda individual: (sum(individual),)
toolbox.register("evaluate", evalOneMax)
toolbox.register("mate", tools.cxTwoPoint)
toolbox.register("mutate", tools.mutFlipBit, indpb=0.05)
toolbox.register("select", tools.selTournament, tournsize=3)
population = toolbox.population(n=300)
NGEN = 40
for gen in range(NGEN):
offspring = algorithms.varAnd(population, toolbox, cxpb=0.5, mutpb=0.1)
fits = toolbox.map(toolbox.evaluate, offspring)
for fit, ind in zip(fits, offspring):
ind.fitness.values = fit
population = offspring
See also
Python SCOOP (software)
References
External links
Articles with example Python (programming language) code
Evolutionary computation
Free science software
Python (programming language) scientific libraries
Inmac (International Minicomputer Accessories Corporation), which became a publicly traded company, was founded in 1975 in Silicon Valley. The company was first listed on the NASDAQ in 1987 and later merged with MicroWarehouse (Currys plc) in 1996.
Inmac was founded by Ken Eldred and Jim Willenborg, who met while in the MBA program at Stanford Business School.
Inmac was the first company to sell computer-related products and accessories via direct-mail catalogs. From its initial Palo Alto, California location, Inmac expanded internationally to England (1980), Germany (1982), Sweden (1983), France (1983), the Netherlands (1984), Canada (1987), Italy (1988), and Japan (1990). By 1989, Inmac was publishing 35 million catalogs in eight different languages, as international sales accounted for more than half the company's revenue. When the company was sold to MicroWarehouse in 1996, it had 1,500 employees and annual revenue over $400 million.
In 2005, the French subsidiary, Inmac France, was sold to the French retailer Wstore and became Inmac Wstore.
References
External links
LinkedIn Company Profile
Consumer electronics retailers in the United States
Currys plc
Voice in the Wind is a 1944 American film noir directed by Arthur Ripley and written by Friedrich Torberg, based on a story written by Arthur Ripley. The drama features Francis Lederer, Sigrid Gurie and J. Edward Bromberg.
Plot
Jan Foley (Lederer), an amnesiac Czech pianist, is a victim of Nazi torture for playing a banned song. Living under a new identity on the island of French-governed Guadalupe, Jan tries to recall their past life while working for refugee smuggler Angelo (Alexander Granach).
To the melancholy island of Guadalupe come a band of refugees, stripped of their friends and their country by the war. Among them dwells a brooding, sinister man known only as "El Hombre," whose memory was destroyed by the brutality of the Nazis. One evening, as El Hombre sits trance-like at the piano and plays a somber melody, their music drifts into the room inhabited by other refugees, Dr. Hoffman, their wife Anna, and their invalid charge, Marya Volny. El Hombre's playing reminds Anna of Jan Volny, a famous pianist from their homeland of Czechoslovakia, and they bitterly reflect upon the life that they lost.
After finishing the piece, El Hombre reads a notice from the governor, warning refugees about "murder boats" that will promise them asylum in the U.S., but will leave them to perish at sea after fleecing them of their savings. The demented El Hombre takes the warning as a sign to destroy the fishing boat owned by their compassionate employer Angelo. El Hombre's act infuriates Angelo's cruel brothers, Luigi and Marco, who loathe the stranger and wish them dead.
As Marya's condition worsens, Anna blames themselves for forcing the girl to leave their homeland and recalls the conditions that drove them into exile: After invading Prague, the Nazis grant permission to Czech pianist Jan Volny to present a concert. They stipulate, however, that "The Moldau," a much-loved patriotic symphony written by Bedrich Smetana, be excluded from the concert. Carried away by the beauty of the music, Volny ends their concert with a four-minute paraphrase of the famed symphony. Realizing that their act will draw the wrath of the Nazis and that their wife, Marya, will also suffer at the hands of their oppressors, Volny arranges for the Hoffmans to smuggle them out of the country, but before they can escape himself, they are captured and subjected to unspeakable violence, which deranges him.
En route to a concentration camp, Volny overpowers their guards and escapes. After making their way to Lisbon, they hide on a fishing boat owned by Angelo and their brothers, which embarks shortly thereafter and carries them to the island of Guadalupe. In the fog of their unhinged brain, Volny fails to remember their own name and identity, and is thus dubbed El Hombre. As Anna's thoughts return to the present, Marya, enchanted by the sound of El Hombre's piano, rises from their bed, inches their way down the stairs and then collapses in the street. El Hombre finds them there, and as they finger the crucifix encircling their neck, their memory begins to return.
When the Hoffmans come looking for Marya, El Hombre retreats into the shadows. They begin to recall snatches of their life with Marya, but their reverie is cruelly interrupted by Luigi's harsh voice challenging him. Angelo hears shots and finds Luigi, gun in hand, standing over El Hombre's body. As the brothers argue, Luigi stabs Angelo with an ice pick. Noticing that El Hombre has vanished, the wounded Angelo follows a trail of blood up the stairs to Marya's room, where the Hoffmans are notifying the police of Marya's death. At their bedside, El Hombre cradles Marya's lifeless body in their arms, begging them to return to life. Their entreaties echo the words spoken to them by Marya at the time of their separation in Czechoslovakia, affirming their certainty that they will one day come for them
Cast
Francis Lederer as Jan Volny
Sigrid Gurie as Marya
J. Edward Bromberg as Dr. Hoffman
J. Carrol Naish as Luigi
Alexander Granach as Angelo
David Cota as Marco
Olga Fabian as Anna
Howard Johnson as Capt. von Neubach
Hans Schumm as Piesecke
Luis Alberni as Bartender
George Sorel as Detective
Martin Garralaga as Policeman
Jacqueline Dalya as Portuguese Girl
Rudolf Myzet as Novak
Fred Nurney as Vasek
Reception
Critical response
Bosley Crowther, the film critic for The New York Times, liked the film, writing, "A dark and distressing motion picture, bravely called Voice in the Wind, which deeply laments the violation of all things beautiful in this brutal modern world, is the offering with which Arthur Ripley and Rudolph Monter, a new producing team, are presenting themselves to the public on the screen of the Victoria...Francis Lederer plays the bleakly tragic pianist quite stiffly in their lucid, normal phase and makes a wild and pathetic Looney Louie when they are hopelessly out of their mind. Sigrid Gurie is persistently somber, both in sickness and in health, as their wife, and Alexander Granach and J. Carrol Naish are splendid as two brothers who conflict within the plot. Mr. Ripley has directed the picture, as noted, for mordant effects, and has utilized music elaborately to actuate sad moods.
Awards
Nominations
Academy Awards: Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture, Michel Michelet; 1945.
Academy Awards: Best Sound, Recording, Mac Dalgleish (RCA Sound); 1945.
References
External links
1944 films
1944 crime drama films
American black-and-white films
American crime drama films
Film noir
Films about amnesia
Films directed by Arthur Ripley
Films scored by Michel Michelet
Films set in Guadeloupe
Films set in Prague
Films about pianos and pianists
United Artists films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Gaspard Louis is a Haitian dancer, choreographer, and artistic director. A former dancer with Pilobolus, they are the founder and artistic director of the modern dance company Gaspard and Dancers. Louis is also on the faculty at North Carolina Central University and the American Dance Festival.
Early life and education
Louis was born in Haiti. They immigrated to the United States when they were thirteen years old, living in Newark, New Jersey. Louis did not start training as a dancer until college. They received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree in dance from Montclair State University through a partnership program at the American Dance Festival. They continued their dance studies as a scholarship student with Giordano Dance Chicago and the Nikolais/Louis Dance Lab in New York. They received a Master of Fine Arts degree in dance from Hollins University.
Career
After finishing their undergraduate studies, Louis joined the New York-based dance company AllNations, where they performed traditional world dances. They were a company member with Pilobolus for ten years and also collaborated on the choreography for nine major dance works with the company. They have also guest taught for dance programs at Duke University, North Carolina Central University, and Elon University. They later joined the faculty at North Carolina Central University.
Louis formed their own company, titled Gaspard and Dancers, in 2009 which is based in Durham, North Carolina. They and their company have performed at the Wake Forest Dance Festival, the Cape Fear Stage in Wilmington, the North Carolina Museum of Art, Duke University, the North Carolina Dance Festival, the American Dance Festival, and in Bermuda.
In 2012 Louis choreographed a trilogy of works, titled L'Espirit, Souke and Annatations, in response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake. The works focused on dealing with tragedy and the human response to it. The trilogy was performed at the Michael Schimmel Center for the Arts in September 2015. It was later presented at the 18th annual International Festival of Contemporary Dance in Krasnoyarsk, Russia and at the American Dance Festival. Louis has also worked with Justin Tornow who, with himself, they set a duet on called Forbidden which was performed at Duke University.
In September 2019 they and their company performed at Elon University as part of the Lyceum Series. The show had political undertones, focusing on immigration in the United States.
They have also choreographed for Free Space Dance Company in New Jersey and the Kentucky University Dance Ensemble.
Louis has served on the faculty at the American Dance Festival, serving as the director of the Creative Movement Outreach Program.
Personal life
Louis married Jodee Nimerichter in October 2005. They have two children, named Dahlia and Preston. They split their time between homes in Manhattan and Durham, North Carolina.
References
Living people
20th-century dancers
21st-century dancers
African-American choreographers
American choreographers
African-American male dancers
Arts administrators
Contemporary dance choreographers
Contemporary dancers
Dance in North Carolina
Haitian dancers
Haitian emigrants to the United States
Male dancers
Modern dancers
Hollins University alumni
Montclair State University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American men
Robin Philip Hyman (9 September 1931 – 12 January 2017) was a British publisher who was the chairperson of Laurence King Publishing from 1991 to 2004.
Early life
Hyman was born in 1931 to Leonard and Helen Hyman (née Mautner). They were educated at Henley Grammar School and Christ's College, Finchley. Between 1949 and 1951, they completed their National Service in the Royal Air Force, and then studied for an undergraduate degree in English at the University of Birmingham, graduating in 1955. They were the editor of the university's student magazine Mermaid for one year. Prior to University, they had spent some time working in the booksellers' business, particularly valuing the time they spent working for W.J. Bryce's bookshop in Museum Street, Bloomsbury. One of their colleagues at this time was Ivan Chambers, and Hyman later stated that they learned "more about new bookselling from Ivan Chambers than from anyone else".
Career
Publishing
Hyman began their publishing career soon after graduating in 1955, securing a position at Evans Brothers that they had found through the Employment Group of the Publishers' Association. Hyman remained with Evans Brothers for 22 years, working in various positions and rising eventually to the post of Managing Director.
Their first role at Evans Brothers was working on publicity for the education department, with an initial task of writing the blurb for the 1955 Year Book of Education. In 1956, they moved to the production department, of which they were made the manager the following year. In 1964, they became a director, having also had experience of editorial work within the company. They were then made Deputy Managing Director in 1967. They served as the managing director between 1972 and 1977.
In 1977, they became the chairperson of Bell & Hyman, remaining in this position until the company's merge with Allen & Unwin in 1986. They served as the managing director of the new company, Unwin Hyman, until 1988, at which point they became its chairperson and chief executive.
Between 1991 and 2004, Hyman served as the chairperson for Laurence King Publishing.
Boards and councils
In 1975, they became involved in the work of the Publishers' Association, of which they were a member until 1992. They served in several executive positions, namely as treasurer (1982–1984), vice president (1988–1989 and 1991–1992) and president (1989–1991).
As author
Hyman is also the author of several works, most notably the compiler of A Dictionary of Famous Quotations (1962). They have also been the editor of other dictionaries, including the Boys' and Girls' First Dictionary (1967), the Bell & Hyman First Colour Dictionary (1985) and the Universal Primary Dictionary (1976). The Universal Primary Dictionary was compiled for use in Africa.
Together with their wife Inge, they have also written a number of children's books, including Barnabas Ball at the Circus (1967), Runaway James and the Night Owl (1968), The Hippo Who Wanted To Fly (1973), The Magical Fish (1974), Peter's Magic Hide-and-Seek (1982).
Personal life
Hyman married Inge Neufeld in 1966, and they currently live in the Hampstead Garden Suburb area of northwest London. They have two sons and one daughter. Hyman lists theatre, reading and travel among their interests and is a member of the Garrick Club and Marylebone Cricket Club.  They are a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts.
Hyman died in their sleep on 12 January 2017.
Published works
Dictionaries
The Modern Dictionary of Quotations (Evans Bros., 1962)
Boys' and Girls' First Dictionary (Evans Bros., 1967)
Evans First Dictionary (Evans Bros., 1976)
Universal Primary Dictionary (Evans Bros., 1976)
Bell & Hyman First Colour Dictionary (Bell & Hyman, 1985)
Children's books
All of the listed works were co-written with Inge Neufeld and illustrated by Yutaka Sugita, unless indicated otherwise:
Barnabas Ball at the Circus (Evans Bros., 1967)
Runaway James and the Night Owl (Evans Bros., 1968)
Run, Run, Chase the Sun (Evans Bros., 1969)
The Happiest Elephant in the World (Evans Bros., 1969)
Three Bags Full: An Anthology of Nursery Rhymes (Evans Bros., 1972)
Happy With Hubert (Evans Bros., 1972)
The Hippo Who Wanted To Fly (Evans Bros., 1973)
The Magical Fish (Evans Bros., 1974)
Casper and the Lion Cub (Evans Bros., 1974)
The Fairy Tale Book (Evans Bros., 1974)
Casper and the Rainbow Bird (Evans Bros., 1975)
The Greatest Explorers in the World (Evans Bros., 1978)
The Treasure Box (Evans Bros., 1980)
Peter's Magic Hide-and-Seek (Evans Bros., 1982)
References
British publishers (people)
1931 births
2017 deaths
Plochman's is an American brand of mustard that is made by the Plochman, Inc., company based in Manteno, Illinois. It is most recognized by its barrel shaped bottle.
Founded in 1852 as Premium Mustard Mills in Chicago, it was later acquired by Moritz Plochman (a trained chemist and emigrant from Württemberg). In 1957 it began selling mustard in the now famous yellow squeeze barrel. It was the first successful squeeze condiment in the United States. Still based in the Chicago area, Plochman's is one of the top five brands of mustard in the United States. Plochman's sell a variety of mustard condiments from classic American yellow, stone ground, spicy, Dijon, beer, Kosciusko, horseradish, and even Cuban and sweet fig. Plochman's motto is "the true Mustard Lover's Mustard".
See also
List of mustard brands
References
External links
Company website
Brand name condiments
Mustard brands
History of Chicago
Companies based in Kankakee County, Illinois
American brands
1852 establishments in Illinois
Condiment companies of the United States
Route Awakening (Mandarin: 《寰行中国》 Huanxing Zhongguo) is a National Geographic television documentary series presented by Harry Yuan and Jonathan Clements. It comprises 30 half-hour films across five seasons, with each season concentrating on a different approach to Chinese history and culture. Each episode exists in two versions, a Mandarin-language broadcast shown in the Chinese-speaking world, and an English-language version shown in other countries.
The programs were filmed entirely on location, with no studio work, using a roving film crew with a camera and drone. The presenters had radically different styles, with Yuan favoring an action-oriented approach as opposed to Clements's emphasis on anthropology. Both presenters, however, were "hands-on" participants in the rituals and events they witnessed, volunteering for wrestling matches, mountaineering, and odd foods. Since the entire series was sponsored by the Buick automobile company, Buick vehicles feature prominently in every episode, and several sequences appear to test the limits of the cars' off-road capabilities.
Series 1
The first season in 2015 sent explorer and photographer Harry Yuan on a journey that encompassed China's two greatest water-courses, the Yangtze and the Yellow River. Their trip started in Shanghai but took them far into the Chinese hinterland, with sequences shot out in the Gobi Desert.
Series 2
For the second season of Route Awakening, broadcast in 2016, historian Jonathan Clements pursued a set of enduring cultural icons: Tea, Alcohol, Cloth, Grains, Theater and Pottery. Filming took place all over China, including the ethnic minority regions of Yunnan and the coasts of Fujian.
Series 3
In the third season, broadcast in 2017, Clements concentrated on five tribes from Chinese ethnic minorities: the Kam, Lisu, Gorlos Mongols, Naxi and Miao, with the Kam spanning two episodes. The emphasis was on the circle of life in village culture, the rituals associated with harvest, courting, and funerals.
Series 4
In the fourth season, broadcast in 2018, Yuan investigated the role of bridges in China's history, covering everything from the "wind-and-rain" sheltered bridges of Guizhou, to the most modern, high-tech spans under construction.
Series 5
In the fifth season, broadcast in 2019, Clements explored some of China's newest museums, showcasing the histories of the Dian Kingdom of Yunnan, the Shang dynasty in Anyang, Luoyang's history as a Chinese capital, the lost state of Yelang, and the golden treasures of the Marquis of Haihun.
Reception
The first season of Route Awakening won several awards: a Silver World Medal for Best Editing at the New York Film Festival, a Gold Remi in the Culture/History category at the Houston Worldfest, and an Asian Television Award for Best Infotainment. The second season was nominated for an Asia Rainbow TV Award for Best TV Documentary, winning a Gold Remi for Best Information Series at the Houston International Film Festival and a Bronze World Medal at the New York Film Festival for Documentary: Cultural Issues.
References
National Geographic (American TV channel) original programming
Bazar Dara (Bāzār Darra, Tágh Nák, Tokanak or Maza Dala) was a small mining community at the junction of the Bazar Dara and Yarkand Rivers south of the Kunlun Mountains in the Xinjiang region of China, bordering on the Taklamakan Desert.
'Dara' means 'cliff' in the Uyghur language. Bazar Dara can, therefore, be translated, 'Cliff Bazaar' or 'Cliff Market,' an apt description of this ancient settlement. It is 139 km west of Shahidulla, and 25 km west of modern Mazar (Chinese: Mazha 麻扎), which name simply indicates the shrine of a Muslim holy man.
"The name of this kingdom is written Deruo [or Dere] 得若 in the Tangshu (ch. CCXXI, a, p. 9b) and Yiruo 億若 in the Weilüe. . . ." Translated and adapted from Édouard Chavannes: "Les pays d'Occident d'après le Heou Han chou." T'oung pao 8, (1907), p. 175, n. 2.
Geography
Filippo De Filippi, who visited Bazar Dara, described a fort, the ruins of a market for horses and cattle, an extensive bazaar and a long line of ruins of mine shafts and houses along the cliff faces abandoned by goldminers after bandit raids approximately a century before their expedition in 1914.
Bazar Darra was of both strategic and economic importance. It was located at the junction of the route via the Shimshal Valley to Hunza or south over the Mustagh Pass to Skardu, or west to Shahidulla, and was the centre for a number of goldmines. It also joined the main winter route which led directly north along the frozen Yarkand River to Yecheng via Kokyar, and from there, the route went northwest via Kokyar to Yarkand (Yarkant County) and Kashgar, or northeast to Pishan Town and Hotan,
History
The site of Bazar Dara, almost unknown today, has been known to the Chinese for about 2000 years. It was almost certainly the site of the ancient 'Kingdom of Dere' 德若 mentioned in the Hou Hanshu.
In 1535 CE, a group of Muslim soldiers trapped at Shey in Ladakh, fled through here on their way to the Wakhan Corridor and the safety of Badakshan.
In 1898 an expedition led by Captain H. P. P. Deasy found an outpost built of earth at Bazar Dara, surmounted by a Chinese flag, with a few unarmed Kirghiz in occupation. This was obviously intended as a Chinese boundary marker, but the area had apparently long been under occupation by Kanjuts.
Footnotes
References
Elias, N. (1895). The Tarikh-i-Rashidi of Mirza Muhammad Haidar, Dughlát: A History of the Moghuls of Central Asia. An English Version. [Originally composed in Persian in 1541-42]. Edited, with Commentary, Notes, and Map by N. Elias. Translation by E. Denison Ross. London. Sampson, Low, Marston and Company Ltd.
Filippi, Filippo de (1924). Storia della Spedizione scientifica italiana nel Himàlaia, Caracorùm e Turchestàn Cinese (1913-1914). Filippo de Filippi. Featuring additional essays by Ciotto Dainelli and J.A. Spranger. Nicola Zanichelli, Bologna. Downloaded on 26 February 2006 from: http://dsr. nii.ac.jp/toyobunko/VIII-1-A-100/V-1/.
Hill, John E. (2009). Through the Jade Gate to Rome: A Study of the Silk Routes during the Later Han Dynasty, 1st to 2nd Centuries CE. BookSurge, Charleston, South Carolina. .
Silk Road
Gregory (Port Gregory until 1967) is a small town and fishing port located northwest of the mouth of the Hutt River, in the Mid West region of Western Australia. At the 2016 census, Gregory had a population of 64 in 83 dwellings. Most of the dwellings are holiday houses. The population of Gregory fluctuates depending on tourism; with the town at full capacity during school holidays and throughout the summer. During the census (Tuesday 9 August 2016) 50% of dwellings were unoccupied (national average 11%).
Port Gregory, formally called Boat Harbour, was established in 1849 and named after brothers Augustus and Frank Gregory, two of Western Australia's most active explorers. In May 1853 sixty convicts and Pensioner Guards arrived from England via Fremantle in the brigantine Leander and the cutter Gold Digger. A townsite was gazetted in 1853 as Pakington near the shore, with Lynton gazetted around the same time as the convict depot and townsite for the guards, inland on the Hutt River. The convicts were used for Government works and in establishing a road to the Murchison River and the Geraldine lead Mine, operated from 1849 to 1875. Ticket-of-leave men from the depot were hired out for work at the port and on nearby farms and stations.
A major employer was Captain William Ayshford Sanford who, as magistrate for the region and the Superintendent of Convicts, built an impressive homestead alongside Lynton. They resigned in 1854 and took up pastoral and whaling pursuits, establishing a whaling facility just north of the Pakington townsite. John Bateman and others also established whaling facilities nearby. The name Pakington was rarely used however and the name Port Gregory, the harbour located next to the town, was more generally accepted. Initially the port was used by whalers and pastoralists and to ship lead ore and pig lead from the mines, notably the Geraldine mine. Salt from nearby Hutt Lagoon was shipped until the depression when the port and both the 'towns' became deserted.
On 27 January 1943 the Japanese submarine I-165, while planning to bombard the nearby port of Geraldton, observed three aircraft and what was believed to be a destroyer and aborted the attack. On the following night the submarine bombarded Port Gregory with about ten 100-mm (3.9-inch) shells from their deck gun, in the belief that a crayfish cannery was an ammunition factory. There was no damage and Port Gregory was at the time deserted. Naval authorities only learned of the attack when the submarine's battle report radio signal was intercepted and decoded a week later.
There are many shipwrecks in the vicinity, most caused by the unsuitability of the port for large vessels. These include trading and whaling vessels and the screw steamer SS Xantho, which sank while loaded with lead ore from the Geraldine mine.
The town changed its name to Gregory in 1967.
Climate
Gregory lies in the warm-summer Mediterranean climate zone (Köppen: Csa). Winters are warm with moderate precipitation, and summers are hot and dry.
References
Coastal towns in Western Australia
Fishing communities in Australia
Mining towns in Western Australia
Shire of Northampton
Jason MacIntyre (20 September 1973 – 15 January 2008) was a Scottish racing cyclist. They were a triple British and Scottish champion time trial cyclist and broke Graeme Obree's time trial Scottish record in 2007. They were killed after a collision with a van on the A82 road.
Early life
MacIntyre was born on 20 September 1973 in Lochgilphead, Argyll and Bute, Scotland. Their family moved to Fort William when they were ten years old. They attended Lochaber High School, leaving in the sixth year and then they trained as a printer and lithographer.
Cycling career
They started cycling at the relatively late age of 18. At the age of 22 they went to Lanzarote to train over the winter. The following year they won the 1997 Tour of the North in Northern Ireland at the age of 23. They then took a break from competitive cycling when they assumed the role of full-time carer for one of their twin daughters who was born with a kidney condition.
They represented Scotland at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester and competed in the final of the Men's Road Race although did not finish. They won the British National Time Trial Championships in 2006, the second Scot to achieve this. They won the British 25-mile time trial twice, in 2006 and 2007. Those years they also won the Scottish 25-mile time trial. They won thirteen Scottish titles.
In January 2008 the Braveheart Cycling Fund confirmed they would award them £2,000 towards racing expenses.
Death
On 15 January 2008, MacIntyre was on a training ride when a van turned across their path and they collided with it at Carrs Corner on the A82 road in Fort William. They were airlifted to hospital, but died of their injuries on the way. Their corneas were donated for transplantation. Their funeral was held on 23 January in Duncansburgh Parish Church.
MacIntyre was married and had twin daughters, who were eight years old at the time of their death. A memorial fund launched by the Braveheart Cycling Fund to provide assistance to MacIntyre's family raised £28,000 in less than a month. The fund aims to pay for a carer for one of their daughters, who has a serious kidney condition.
In March 2008, Robert MacTaggart, the driver of the council van that killed MacIntyre appeared at Fort William Sherriff court and pled guilty to the charge of careless driving. MacTaggart was fined £500 and had their driving licence suspended for six months.
On the first anniversary of their death, MacIntyre's family placed a ghost bike at Carrs Corner as a permanent memorial.
A fatal accident inquiry was held in March 2010.
Career highlights
1997
1st General Classification P&O Irish Sea Tour of the North (GBR)
2000
1st Scottish G.P. overall (GBR)
1st Glasgow – Dunoon RR (British Premier Calendar) (GBR)
1st Scottish Hill Climb Championships, Bonnyton Moor (GBR)
1st Scottish Olympic ITT (GBR)
1st Scottish G.P. overall (GBR)
2004
1st Scottish Road Race Championship (GBR)
1st Scottish 4000M Pursuit (GBR)
2005
1st Scottish Olympic ITT (GBR)
2006
1st Scottish 10-mile ITT (GBR)
1st C.T.T. British 25-mile ITT (GBR)
1st Scottish Criterium Championship (GBR)
1st Scottish 25-mile ITT (GBR)
1st Scottish Olympic ITT (GBR)
1st British National Time Trial Championships (GBR)
1st Scottish Hill Climb Championships, Bonnyton Moor (GBR)
1st Scottish Road Race Championship (GBR)
2007
2nd British 10-mile ITT (GBR)
1st Scottish 10-mile ITT (GBR)
1st C.T.T. British 25-mile ITT (GBR)
1st Scottish 25-mile ITT (GBR)
1st Ian Wallis Memorial 10-mile ITT – 2007 New Scottish record (18:47) (GBR)
1st Scottish Olympic ITT (Eglinton) (GBR)
1st Tour of the Trossachs (Aberfoyle), New course record (1:04:47) (GBR)
1st Scottish Hill Climb Championships, Bonnyton Moor (GBR)
References
External links
archive of their blog at www.jasonmacintyre.co.uk
VeloResults obituary
1973 births
2008 deaths
Scottish male cyclists
Commonwealth Games competitors for Scotland
Cyclists at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Cycling road incident deaths
Road incident deaths in Scotland
People from Lochgilphead
People educated at Lochaber High School
Organ transplant donors
People from Fort William, Highland
Sportspeople from Highland (council area)
Sportspeople from Argyll and Bute
This is a list of shipwrecks located in the region of Oceania.
Australia
Federated States of Micronesia
Chuuk
During World War II, Chuuk Lagoon (then known as Truk) was the logistical hub of Japan's operations in the South Pacific theatre. In February 1944, in preparation for the forthcoming Battle of Eniwetok, the United States Navy launched an attack on the atoll. Over the course of two days, a series of airstrikes devastated the Japanese fleet, in an offensive codenamed Operation Hailstone. A total of 50 ships were sunk, although many key Japanese warships had been relocated the week before, and thus escaped destruction.
Palau
Yap
Indonesia
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
New Zealand
Papua New Guinea
Polynesia
Samoa
Pitcairn Islands
Tahiti
Solomon Islands
Ironbottom Sound
Ironbottom Sound is the name given to the stretch of water between Guadalcanal and Florida Island, because of the dozens of ships and planes that sank there during the Guadalcanal Campaign in 1942–43.
References
Further reading
External links
WRECKSITE Worldwide free database of + 65,000 wrecks with history, maritime charts and GPS positions
Oceania
Shipwrecks
The U-matrix (unified distance matrix) is a representation of a self-organizing map (SOM) where the Euclidean distance between the codebook vectors of neighboring neurons is depicted in a grayscale image. This image is used to visualize the data in a high-dimensional space using a 2D image.
Construction procedure
Once the SOM is trained using the input data, the final map is not expected to have any twists. If the map is twist-free, the distance between the codebook vectors of neighboring neurons gives an approximation of the distance between different parts of the underlying data. When such distances are depicted in a grayscale image, light colors depict closely spaced node codebook vectors and darker colors indicate more widely separated node codebook vectors. Thus, groups of light colors can be considered as clusters, and the dark parts as the boundaries between the clusters. This representation can help to visualize the clusters in the high-dimensional spaces, or to automatically recognize them using relatively simple image processing techniques.
References
Artificial neural networks
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Grant County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Grant County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 6 properties listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Grant County
Buildings and structures in Grant County, Oklahoma
The rusty-browed warbling finch (Microspingus erythrophrys) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in Argentina and Bolivia.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
rusty-browed warbling finch
Birds of the Yungas
rusty-browed warbling finch
rusty-browed warbling finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
To publish is to make content available to the general public. While specific use of the term may vary among countries, it is usually applied to text, images, or other audio-visual content, including paper (newspapers, magazines, catalogs, etc.). The word publication means the act of publishing, and also any printed copies issued for public distribution.
Legal definition and copyright
"Publication" is a technical term in legal contexts and especially important in copyright legislation. An author of a work generally is the initial owner of the copyright on the work. One of the copyrights granted to the author of a work is the exclusive right to publish the work.
Indonesia
In Indonesia, publication is defined as:
any reading, broadcasting, exhibition of works using any means, either electronically or nonelectronically, or performing in any way so that works can be read, heard, or seen by others.
—Article 1, Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 28 of 2014
United States
In the United States, publication is defined as:
the distribution of copies or phonorecords of a work to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership, or by rental, lease, or lending. The offering to distribute copies or phonorecords to a group of people for purposes of further distribution, public performance, or public display, constitutes publication. A public performance or display of a work does not of itself constitute publication.
To perform or display a work "publicly" means –
(1) to perform or display it at a place open to the public or at any place where a substantial number of people outside a normal circle of a family and its social acquaintances is gathered; or
(2) to transmit or otherwise communicate a performance or display of the work to a place specified by clause (1) or to the public, by means of any device or process, whether the members of the public capable of receiving the performance or display receive it in the same place or in separate places and at the same time or at different times.
—17 USC 101
The US Copyright Office provides further guidance in Circular 40 , which states: "When the work is reproduced in multiple copies, such as in reproductions of a painting or castings of a statue, the work is published when the reproductions are publicly distributed or offered to a group for further distribution or public display".
Generally, the right to publish a work is an exclusive right of copyright owner (17 USC 106), and violating this right (e.g. by disseminating copies of the work without the copyright owner's consent) is a copyright infringement (17 USC 501(a)), and the copyright owner can demand (by suing in court) that e.g. copies distributed against their will be confiscated and destroyed (17 USC 502, 17 USC 503). Exceptions and limitations are written into copyright law, however; for example, the exclusive rights of the copyright owner eventually expire, and even when in force, they don't extend to publications covered by fair use or certain types of uses by libraries and educational institutions.
The definition of "publication" as "distribution of copies to the general public with the consent of the author" is also supported by the Berne Convention, which makes mention of "copies" in article 3(3), where "published works" are defined. In the Universal Copyright Convention, "publication" is defined in article VI as "the reproduction in tangible form and the general distribution to the public of copies of a work from which it can be read or otherwise visually perceived." Many countries around the world follow this definition, although some make some exceptions for particular kinds of works. In Germany, §6 of the Urheberrechtsgesetz additionally considers works of the visual arts (such as sculptures) "published" if they have been made permanently accessible by the general public (i.e., erecting a sculpture on public grounds is publication in Germany). Australia and the UK (as the U.S.) do not have this exception and generally require the distribution of copies necessary for publication. In the case of sculptures, the copies must be even three-dimensional.
Biological classification
In biological classification (taxonomy), the publication of the description of a taxon has to comply with some rules. The definition of the "publication" is defined in nomenclature codes. Traditionally there were the following rules:
The publication must be generally available.
The date of publication is the date the published material became generally available.
Electronic publication with some restrictions is permitted for publication of scientific names of fungi since 1 January 2013.
Types
Material types
There is an enormous variety of material types of publication, some of which are:
Book: Pages attached together between two covers, to allow a person to read from or write in.
Bulletin: Information written in short on a flyer or inside another publication for public viewing. Bulletins are also brief messages or announcements broadcast to a wide audience by way of television, radio, or internet.
Booklet: Leaflet of more than one sheet of paper, usually attached in the style of a book.
Broadside: A large single sheet of paper printed on one side, designed to be plastered onto walls. Produced from 16th - 19th cent. Became obsolete with the development of newspapers and cheap novels.
Flyer or handbill: A small sheet of paper printed on one side, designed to be handed out free
Leaflet: Single sheet of paper printed on both sides and folded.
Journal: A book with blank pages inside, to allow you to write down any personal information. Another word for a newspaper or similar publication.
Newsletter: A bulletin, leaflet, pamphlet, or newspaper distributed to a specific audience.
Newspaper: A publication of several pages printed with news, sports, information, and advertising. Newspapers may be published and distributed daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or annually.
Magazine: A book with front and back paper covers, printed with information and advertising. Some magazines are published and distributed every week or every month.
Pamphlet: Can be a leaflet, booklet or saddle-stapled booklet.
Electronic publishing
Electronic publishing (also referred to as e-publishing or digital publishing or online publishing) includes the digital publication of e-books, digital magazines, and the development of digital libraries and catalogues. Electronic publishing has become common. It is also becoming common to distribute books, magazines, and newspapers to consumers through digital devices, by online sources.
Content types
Types of publication can also be distinguished by content:
Brochure: an informative document made for advertising products or services, usually in the form of a pamphlet or leaflet.
Tract: a religious or political argument written by one person and designed to be distributed free, usually in the form of a booklet or pamphlet, but sometimes longer.
Monograph: a long research publication written by one person.
Unpublished works
A work that has not undergone publication, and thus is not generally available to the public, or for citation in scholarly or legal contexts, is called an unpublished work. In some cases unpublished works are widely cited, or circulated via informal means. An author who has not yet published a work may also be referred to as being unpublished.
The status of being unpublished has specific significance in the legal context, where it may refer to the non-publication of legal opinions in the United States
References
External links
RayMing Chang, Publication Does Not Really Mean Publication: The Need to Amend the Definition of Publication in the Copyright Act, 33 AM. INTELL. PROP. L. ASS'N Q.J. 225: This article analyzes the definition of publication in the US Copyright Act of 1976 and finds strong support for the proposition that electronic dissemination (e.g., "Internet publishing") of works does not result in publication under American copyright law. This article argues that the definition of publication needs to be amended to explicitly include electronic dissemination.
.
.
Kaduna Museum is a museum in Kaduna, Nigeria. The museum was opened in 1975 following the donation of the old Northern People's Congress (NPC) building by the North Central State Government. The Kaduna Museum contains a substantial collection of archaeological, ethnolographic and crafts exhibits and has a live crafts centre in which traditional craftsmen and women can be observed making crafts.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Museums established in 1975
Kaduna
1975 establishments in Nigeria
Nozzle is a British guitar-based rock band from Devon, England, formed in 1995 by guitarist and songwriter Dave Blomberg, formerly with the English band New Model Army. Later it also featured members of All about Eve, Pressgang and Asylum.
History
Nozzle's first album called Winter was released on German independent label Viking Records in 2001 by the line up featuring Dave Blomberg (vocals and guitar), James Davis (drums), Matt Round (bass guitar) and Danny Vuckovic (guitar). It was described by the press as "a lush combination of rock guitars with a dynamic rhythm section, melodic vocals and dark, moody atmospherics" and received favourable reviews in some European music magazines (Zillo, Orkus, Metal Hammer and others). While working on the album, Nozzle played a series of dates in Europe which included appearing at the Nom Del Rock Festival in Palestrina near Rome in Italy and a successful headline tour in Germany in 1999.
Nozzle's second album Twisted Vision, recorded live in the studio, was released in September 2004 on New Model Army's label Attack Attack Records, distributed in Europe through Rough Trade. This line up was Dave Blomberg along with Michael Dean from New Model Army on drums, All about Eve and soho dolls' guitarist Toni Haimi on guitar and John Forrester on bass formerly of Pressgang and The Colour Mary.
In September 2005, Nozzle were signed by Jac Holzman to Warner Music's label Cordless Recordings in the United States. The band released two EPs, the Mystery EP 2005 and the Let Me Down EP (2006). Whilst with Cordless Recordings one of Nozzle's songs "Fatal Beauty" featured as part of the soundtrack for Nicholas DiBella's American independent film Cherry Crush, a drama/thriller film starring Jonathan Tucker and Nikki Reed.
Nozzle, featuring Dave Blomberg on guitar and vocals, Leigh Winsor on bass guitar and Joe Breban on drums, released their third album Empires in May 2008 on their own Flowermountain Records label.
References
External links
newmodelarmy.org
Nozzle.org.uk
English rock music groups
Musical groups from Devon
Imma cancanopis is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Colombia and French Guiana.
The wingspan is 25–26 mm. The forewings are purplish fuscous, more purplish in males, irregularly sprinkled with blue grey whitish, with dark fuscous streaks on the veins broken up into short dashes arranged in irregular transverse series. The whitish irroration (sprinkling) tends to form series of undefined marks between these. There is a black dash beneath the costa from the base, edged beneath with ochreous white. A pale waved terminal line, is preceded by indistinct dark dots. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of South America
Perrottetinene is a naturally occurring cannabinoid compound found in liverworts from the genus Radula native to Japan, New Zealand and Costa Rica, namely Radula perrottetii, Radula marginata and Radula laxiramea, along with a number of similar compounds. Its chemical structure closely resembles that of THC, the main active component of marijuana. The absolute configuration of perrottetinene was established in 2008 by an enantioselective total synthesis. In 2018, a study showed that perrottetinene is moderately psychoactive through activation of the cannabinoid receptor 1. The same study also reported reduced prostaglandin D2 and E2 brain concentrations in mice after perrottetinene administration.
References
Cannabinoids
Benzochromenes
Phenols
Pure Gershwin is a 1987 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein of songs composed by George Gershwin. This was Feinstein's debut studio recording.
It was Feinstein's first album of Gershwin's music, their two other all-Gershwin albums are Nice Work If You Can Get It: Songs by the Gershwins (1996) and Michael & George: Feinstein Sings Gershwin (1998).
Reception
The Allmusic review by William Ruhlmann awarded the album four ½ stars and said Feinstein's reading of Gershwin was "near perfect", and their piano playing excellent.
Track listing
"'S Wonderful" - 3:54
"Love Is Here to Stay" - 3:53
"Liza (All the Clouds'll Roll Away)" - 5:24
"The World Is Mine" - 2:56
"They Can't Take That Away from Me" - 3:36
"Isn't It a Pity?" - 7:03
"Let's Call the Whole Thing Off" - 2:43
"Embraceable You" - 4:33
"What Causes That?" - 3:19
"He Loves and They Love"/"How Long Has This Been Going On?" - 5:49
"They All Laughed" - 3:03
"The Girl I Love" - 4:30
"Someone to Watch over Me" - 4:15
All music composed by George Gershwin, and all lyrics written by Ira Gershwin, additionally Gus Kahn provides lyrics on "Liza (All the Clouds'll Roll Away)"
Personnel
Michael Feinstein - vocals, piano
Ted Hawke - drums
Jim Hughart - double bass
David Ross - piano
Morgan Ames - liner notes
Herb Eiseman - producer
Dennis Sands - engineer
Rosemary Clooney - singing, "Isn't it a pity"
References
Asylum Records albums
Michael Feinstein albums
1987 albums
Patricia Hannah Clarke FRS (née Green) (29 July 1919 – 28 January 2010) was a British biochemist.
Education and early life
Clarke was born in Pontypridd, South Wales, and was educated at Howell's School, Llandaff, from 1930 to 1937, before studying the Natural Sciences Tripos at Girton College, Cambridge, from 1937 to 1940.
Career
After graduating, they declined a postgraduate post working on aspects of ATP metabolism to contribute to the war effort, taking post at the Armament Research Department of the Ministry of Supply in Swansea to work on explosives. They returned to biochemistry in 1944 when they joined the Wellcome Trust Research Laboratories at Beckenham, Kent. In 1951, they moved to work part-time at the National Collection of Type Cultures of bacteria in the Central Public Health Laboratory at Colindale, London.
They moved to the Department of Biochemistry at University College London, as Assistant Lecturer, being appointed Lecturer in 1956, Reader in 1966 and Professor of Microbial Biochemistry in 1973 until their retirement in 1984 – when they were made emeritus professor. During this time they co-wrote Genetics and Biochemistry of Pseudomonas. Them aim in this paper was to present in one volume the fundamentals, basic methodology, and specific applications of gas-liquid chromatography in microbiology and medicine. In addition to this, some of their papers include are Hydrogen Sulphide Production by Bacteria, An Inducible Amidase Produced by a Strain of Pseudomonas Aeruginosa, Biochemical Classification of Proteus and Providence Cultures and Butyramide-using Mutants of Pseudomonas Aeruginosa 8602 Which Produce an Amidase with Altered Substrate Specificity. Them major field of research was bacterial enzymes production and metabolism.
In retirement, they held positions of responsibility with the Society for General Microbiology, the Biochemical Society, the Science Research Council, and the Freshwater Biological Association.
Awards and honours
Elected a Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 1976 and delivered their Leeuwenhoek Lecture in 1979.
A. J. Klyver Lecturer, Dutch Society for Microbiology (1981)
Marjory Stephenson Memorial Lecturer, Society for General Microbiology (1981)
Vice-President of the Royal Society (1981-1982)
Elected Fellow of the International Institute of Biotechnology (1986)
Honorary doctorate, University of Kent (1988)
Honorary doctorate, Council for National Academic Awards (1990)
Elected Honorary Fellow of University College London (1996)
Elected Honorary Member of the Society for General Microbiology (1997)
Committee Work
Clarke was a great supporter of the Biochemical Society and the Society for General Microbiology (SGM) for their roles in education and fostering a scientific community. In 1974, they managed the production of a booklet, Careers in microbiology, which was published by the SGM to stimulate interest of microbiology in schools. In 1993, the were one of six female members of the Committee of Women in Science and Technology commissioned by William Waldegrave. The committee's report, The rising tide, was published by the Cabinet office in 1994. The report drew attention to the areas adversely affecting recruitment and education of women in science; a lack of female role models in education, employers showing bad practice in ensuring opportunities for women and the poor approach to maternity leave.
Personal life
In 1940, they married Michael Clarke; they had two children in 1947 and 1949. They died at University of Wales Hospital, Cardiff on 28 January 2010, aged 90 years.
References
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Academics of University College London
1919 births
2010 deaths
British biochemists
People from Pontypridd
People educated at Howell's School Llandaff
Women biochemists
Fellows of the Royal Society
20th-century British women scientists
The Ebenezer Avery House was originally located on Latham Street and Thames Street in Groton, Connecticut. The construction date is unknown, but it is believed to be from the 1760s and was the house of Ebenezer Avery. It was the home where the British brought their injured soldiers after the Battle of Groton Heights on September 6, 1781. In 1971, the house was moved to Fort Griswold Battlefield State Park in Groton and restored. The historic house museum is maintained by the Avery Memorial Association.
History
Constructed around the 1760s, the Ebenezer Avery House is a 10-room house was owned by Ensign Ebenezer Avery. It was originally located on Latham Street and Thames Street in Groton, Connecticut. Avery was a tailor that answered the call for battle on September 6, 1781, and went to defend of Fort Griswold from British attack. The Battle of Groton Heights ended with the American defeat and the deaths of its leader, Lieutenant Colonel William Ledyard and resulted in nearly 100 families being left homeless and much of the town's waterfront.
Part of the Ebenezer Avery House history is how it came to be used after the battle while its owner was absent. Some of the wounded from the battle, those unable to walk, including Stephen Hempstead, were taken prisoner and placed on a wagon with others to be taken down to the fleet. The British men allowed the wagon to run down the hill, where it stopped when it struck a tree, throwing some of the men off the wagon and aggravated their injuries.
The wounded were set upon the beach in preparation for the boat trip to New York, but Ebenezer Ledyard, the brother of William Ledyard, offered themselves as hostage. The British took the wounded to Ebenezer Avery's house and placed Ebenezer Avery and other wounded inside and had them "parolled". The house was later set on fire with the men inside and "with difficulty extinguished". In the battle, Avery was shot in the neck "which cut the cords, and left them senseless as one of the dead." Hempstead said that thirty-five men had been laid upon the floor and the British left them, unattended and uncovered, until Dr. Downer and Dr. Prentiss arrived. Ebenezer Avery recovered, but lost their hearing, and continued to live in the house until their death on January 11, 1828, at age 81. The blood stains were still visible at the time of the centennial of the battle in 1881, but no longer are present. In 1896, the Thomas Starr Society placed a memorial tablet on the site.
Move and restoration
In 1970, the Ebenezer Avery House was in danger of being torn down to construct apartments and it was purchased by R. Stanton Avery. R. Stanton Avery purchased the property with the intention of turning it over to the Avery Memorial Association. Edwin Park, an architect, assessed the house as in need of extensive reconstruction and the association discussed the plan to move the house to Fort Griswold Battlefield State Park. A meeting held on the association on July 24, 1971, was held to discuss the movement plan which involved disassembling and reassembling the house at its new location. The project to move the house was a shared cost between R. Stanton Avery and the Avery Memorial Association. By the 1972 meeting, the total cost of the relocation was $43,000 and the act provoked interest from the State of Connecticut. The house was donated to the State of Connecticut for use as a historic house museum.
In 1973, the association debated over the sale of land to cover costs of restoring and maintaining the Ebenezer Avery House. The total cost of the move was listed at $80,000 with an expected $3000 per year and the intention was to serve have enough income generated by interest to cover the cost of the house. The Association owned 1.3 acres, but would reserve the .3 acre upon which the Avery Monument is located. In May 1975, the Ebenezer Avery House was opened after being restored to its "original condition" and filled with period items including Lieutenant Ebenezer Avery's sword, a cousin of Ensign Ebenezer Avery, killed in the Battle of Groton Heights. According to Leary, bricks from the Fitz-John Winthrop house, located in Bluff Point State Park were reclaimed and used to reconstruct the chimney of the Ebenezer Avery House. Fitz-John Winthrop's house was a sixteen-room mansion that fell into disrepair before being destroyed by a fire in 1962.
As of 2014, the Ebenezer Avery House is opened from Memorial Day weekend through Labor Day weekend from 12:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays.
References
Historic house museums in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Groton, Connecticut
Houses in New London County, Connecticut
Museums in New London County, Connecticut
The 1960 European Cup Final was the fifth final in the history of the European Cup, and was contested by Real Madrid of Spain and Eintracht Frankfurt of West Germany. Real won 7–3 in front of a crowd of over 127,000 people at Glasgow's Hampden Park stadium, still the highest attendance for a European Cup final. There were an estimated 70 million television viewers around Europe. Widely regarded as one of the greatest football matches ever played, it also remains the highest-scoring final in the history of the competition.
Frankfurt reached the final through an impressive 12–4 aggregate victory over Scottish champions Rangers, whereas Madrid overcame their bitter rivals Barcelona 6–2 over two legs.
The match was initially in doubt as the German Football Association had banned their clubs from taking part in matches with any team containing Ferenc Puskás after the Hungarian had alleged the West German team had used drugs in 1954. Puskás had to make a formal written apology before the match could take place.
Puskás and Di Stefano were two of only three players to have scored a hat-trick in a European Cup final, with Puskás being the only one to ever score four goals. The other was Pierino Prati for Milan in their 4–1 victory over Ajax in 1969. Puskás repeated the feat in 1962 but ended up losing to holders Benfica.
Route to the final
Match
Details
See also
1959–60 European Cup
Eintracht Frankfurt in European football
Real Madrid CF in international football competitions
Notes
References
External links
European Cup 1959/60 from UEFA
European Cup 1959/60 from RSSSF
1
1960
Real Madrid CF matches
Eintracht Frankfurt matches
International sports competitions in Glasgow
1960
1959–60 in Scottish football
1959–60 in Spanish football
1959–60 in German football
1960
May 1960 sports events in the United Kingdom
Football in Glasgow
The Howell Opera House is an opera house located in Howell, Michigan. The site is listed as historic by The Michigan State Historic Preservation Office. It is also listed on The National Historic Register as part of the Howell Downtown Historic District.
History
The Howell Opera House is a Victorian-style building with a seating capacity of 1,000 people. Plans for the theater were drawn and executed by Detroit architect, Almon C. Varney at the cost of $10,000. Construction began in 1880 by Hunter and Holmes Contractors and doors were opened to patrons on December 30, 1881. The building is located at 123 W. Grand River.
As the central part of the town, the edifice served not only for artistic performances but as a venue for several local occasions such as high school commencement. The theater also served, for a short duration, as home to the Livingston County Circuit Court in 1889.
The Howell Opera House was first owned by the Stair Brothers, E.D. and Orin, who assumed ownership in 1884. The theater was later purchased by Arthur Garland in 1893 who utilized a portion of the space to produce custom-tailored suits.
In 1923, the building was closed by the fire marshal. This brought an end to its intended use as quarters for entertainment. For more than 70 years, The Howell Opera House served as storage for a local hardware store.
Renovation
In 2000, The Livingston Arts Council purchased The Howell Opera House with plans to restore the patronage to function, once again, as a theater. Renovations began in 2001 with a slow start due to lack of funding. In 2007, the first installment of the development plan had been completed.
Renovations were made solely to the first floor. These renovations include refinished flooring and walls as well as new stairways. Plans have also been made for restoration of the second floor which houses the stage and balcony.
The renovated first floor of the Opera House is now available to rent for special events such as weddings and parties.
References
External links
Howell Opera House official site
The Christman Company
Howell Opera House documentary
Buildings and structures in Livingston County, Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
Opera houses in Michigan
Theatres in Michigan
Victorian architecture in Michigan
Tourist attractions in Livingston County, Michigan
Historic district contributing properties in Michigan
Theatres completed in 1881
Music venues completed in 1881
1881 establishments in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County, Michigan
Opera houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
The Wandering Jew is a 1933 British fantasy drama film produced for the Gaumont-Twickenham Film Studios and directed by Maurice Elvey. It recounts the tale of a Jew (played by Conrad Veidt) who is forced to wander the Earth for centuries because they rebuffed Jesus while they were carrying their cross. The other cast members included Peggy Ashcroft, Francis L. Sullivan, and Felix Aylmer. This film is a remark of the 1923 silent film of the same name, based on a play of the same name by E. Temple Thurston.
Plot
The plot follows the eponymous character's epic journey.  They are finally burnt at the stake by the Spanish Inquisition. As they burn, they are forgiven by God and finally allowed to die. The story is a retelling of the myth of the Wandering Jew, dating back to the 13th century. The story bears a resemblance to the legend of the Flying Dutchman.
Cast
Conrad Veidt as Mathathias
Marie Ney as Judith
Basil Gil as Pontius Pilate
Cicely Oates as Rachel
Anne Grey as Joan de Baudricourt
Dennis Hoey as Lord de Baudricourt
Bertram Wallis as Prince Bohemund of Tarentum
Hector Abbas as Isaachar the Miser
Kenji Takase as Phirous
Jack Livesey as Godfrey, Duke of Normandy
Joan Maude as Gianella
John Stuart as Pietro Morelli
Arnold Lucy as Andrea Michelloti
Peggy Ashcroft as Ollala Quintana
Francis L. Sullivan as Archbishop Juan de Texada
Abraham Sofaer as Zapportas
Felix Aylmer as Ferera
Ivor Barnard as Castro
Portrayal of Jews
Unlike the Nazis' 1940 antisemitic propaganda film, this film portrayed Jews as the victims of unjustified persecution throughout history, such as during the Spanish Inquisition. The version made under the Third Reich, by contrast, was intended to be virulently antisemitic.
References
External links
The Wandering Jew at The Internet Movie Database
1934 films
Films originally rejected by the British Board of Film Classification
British black-and-white films
Films about race and ethnicity
British fantasy drama films
1930s fantasy drama films
Films about Jews and Judaism
Wandering Jew
1933 drama films
1933 films
1934 drama films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
Dawn Hill is an American politician from Maine. A Cape Neddick, York resident, Hill represents the 1st Senate District. Prior to being elected a Maine State Senator, they represented part of York County in District 149 from 2006 to 2010.
Education and career
Hill graduated from West Virginia University College of Law in 1979. After graduating, they moved to the Cape Neddick neighborhood of York. They became licensed as an attorney in both West Virginia and Maine. They run a dog training and activity facility in York and serves on the Board of Directors of the York Land Trust.
In June 2009, Hill announced their intention to seek the Democratic Party's nomination for the 2010 gubernatorial election. However, they withdrew from the race in January 2010, citing difficulties in fundraising due to the large number of candidates participating in the primary.
References
Living people
West Virginia University College of Law alumni
People from York, Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine state senators
Maine Democrats
Women state legislators in Maine
1969 births
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Reluctant Persuaders is a BBC Radio 4 sitcom, written by Edward Rowett. It stars Nigel Havers, Josie Lawrence, Mathew Baynton, Rasmus Hardiker, Olivia Nixon and Kieran Hodgson, and was produced by Absolutely Productions. It ran for four series, with a Christmas special, between September 2015 and April 2021.
Plot
Reluctant Persuaders follows Hardacre's, 'the worst advertising agency in London'.
Cast
Nigel Havers as Rupert Hardacre
Josie Lawrence as Amanda Brook
Mathew Baynton as Joe Starling
Rasmus Hardiker as Teddy (series 1, 3, 4 and Christmas special)
Kieran Hodgson as Teddy (series 2)
Olivia Nixon as Laura
Episodes
Series One
Series Two
Series Three
Special
Series Four
Broadcast history
Reluctant Persuaders was originally broadcast on BBC Radio 4. Repeats have since aired on BBC Radio 4 Extra.
Awards
Reluctant Persuaders won the award for Best Scripted Comedy (Studio Audience) at the 2016 BBC Audio Drama Awards.
References
External links
BBC Radio comedy programmes
2015 radio programme debuts
BBC Radio 4 programmes
Ali Moussa Al-Shawakh, (1973 –17 April 2018) known by their kunya Abu Luqman, Abu Ayyub al-Ansari or Ali al-Hamoud, was a Syrian man and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant governor of Raqqa, Syria as of July 2015. They used to be governor of Aleppo province.
History
Abu Luqman was born in as-Sahl village in Raqqa province. They studied law at the University of Aleppo.  They are from the Ajeel clan of Raqqa. It is claimed they used to have a Sufi orientation because they followed Mahmud al-Aghasi (known as Abu Qaqa) who was the leader of Ghuraba al-Sham.
They were freed from Sednaya Prison, Damascus in the summer of 2011 by President Bashar al-Assad, at the outset of the uprising against the Syrian government.
ISIL activity
According to Ibrahim Muslem, a human-rights activist quoted by The Wall Street Journal, "Abu Luqman decides who gets the oil". At Mr. Luqman's discretion, smugglers pay for fuel and load it into tanker trucks. Refined products from the Akrish refinery are driven more than 200 miles to Syrian villages near the Turkish border, according to Mr. Muslem.
Mohammed al-Saleh, a spokesperson for the advocacy group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, quoted in The Wall Street Journal, said Abu Luqman replaced several foreign generals with locals after the loss of the town of Tell Abyad.
They were also responsible for the execution of Abu Saad al-Hadram, Jabhat al-Nusra's commander for Raqqa province.
2014
In early 2014, they were ISIL's chief interrogator in Raqqa province. As of April 2014, they were the IS emir of Raqqa province. In this role, they were the primary official responsible for appointing other ISIL leaders, distributing fighters among the various IS fighting fronts, and publicizing ISIL military operations. In mid-2014, they ordered the beheading of two hostages held by ISIL.
As of late 2014, they were a member of ISIL's eight-member governing council. Their responsibilities for ISIL included frequently traveling across Syria to transfer ISIL prisoners. Also in late 2014, they changed their name when they were reported dead in the press as a security measure.
2015
In early 2015, they were a member of an ISIL governance council chaired by IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. As of early 2015, they were the senior figure in charge of ISIL detention of Western hostages.
In June 2015, they were the governor of Aleppo and the security emir for Syria responsible for foreign fighters. Previously as governor of Raqqa, they were responsible for executions. In July 2015, they were reappointed governor of Raqqa and was the de facto chief in Raqqa, overseeing security affairs. As of mid-2015, they were ISIL's overall security amir at a Raqqa detention facility holding more than 1,000 ISIL foreign recruits who had refused to fight.
US and UN sanctions
On 29 September 2015 they were added to the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control Specially Designated Nationals List.
The US Department of Treasury further describes their role, saying "Al-Shawakh is being designated for acting for or on behalf of ISIL, an entity designated pursuant to E.O. 13224. As of mid-2015, Syrian national al-Shawakh served as ISIL's governor for Raqqa, Syria, after having served as ISIL's senior security official for Syria and as governor in Aleppo, roles in which they directed combat assignments for foreign fighters. Al-Shawakh was in charge of ISIL's detention of foreign hostages, and oversaw the appointment of other ISIL leaders. Al-Shawakh supervised security matters, including executions, interrogations, and transfers of ISIL prisoners, at an Raqqa detention facility used to hold foreign hostages and ISIL foreign recruits who had refused to fight. In mid-2014, al-Shawakh ordered the beheadings of two ISIL hostages. Al-Shawakh also served on a governance council chaired by ISIL leader and U.S. and UN-designated SDGT Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi (AKA Dr. Ibrahim al-Badri)".
 They are also sanctioned by the United Nations who said, "Ali Musa al-Shawakh was listed on 29 February 2016 pursuant to paragraphs 2 and 4 of resolution 2161 (2014) as being associated with Al-Qaida for “participating in the financing, planning, facilitating, preparing, or perpetrating of acts or activities by, in conjunction with, under the name of, on behalf of, or in support of” the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), listed as Al-Qaida in Iraq (QDe.115)".
Death
Abu Luqman was reportedly killed by an Iraqi airstrike on 17 April 2018.
References
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant members from Syria
People of the Syrian civil war
1973 births
2018 deaths
People from Raqqa Governorate
University of Aleppo alumni
Jerome Monroe Smucker (December 5, 1858 – March 20, 1948) was an American farmer and entrepreneur who founded The J.M. Smucker Company food and beverage firm in 1897, starting out selling apple butter from the back of a horse-drawn wagon. They were of Swiss descent.
Biography
Smucker, born in Wayne County, Ohio was the son of Ohio Mennonite farmers Gideon and Magadalena (Zook) Smucker. They built the family business to four farms and a creamery, while spending their evenings tutoring their neighbors in good penmanship. When they added a cider mill in 1897, Smucker's first batch of apples came from some of Johnny Appleseed's original orchards. To extend sales of apple products year-round, Smucker began manufacturing apple butter from an old family recipe, and it soon became their most popular product. Smucker's began listing the ingredients of its many jams and jellies years before it was required by law, and the business was incorporated in 1921. The company's namesake died in 1948, but the business is still family-owned, and still headquartered in Jerome Smucker's home town of Orrville, Ohio.
On March 23, 1890 Smucker married Ella M. Yoder, of Bristol, Ind., who predeceased them on March 6, 1933. Early in life they accepted Christ as their Savior and united with the Oak Grove Mennonite Church near Smithville, Ohio, later becoming a charter member of the Orrville Mennonite Church.
They were an active Christian worker, serving the Sunday school as teacher and superintendent for many years. They were also greatly interested in the educational and missionary activities of the church, supporting the work through their prayers and liberal giving. They were a lifelong resident of the Orrville community, where they attained prominence by founding the manufacturing company which bears their name. Funeral services were held at the Oak Grove Church on March 23, in charge of V. M. Gerig and I. W. Royer. Interment was made in the Crown Hill Cemetery at Orrville.
The distinctive surname was originally Schmucker, when Smucker's great-great-grandfather came to America from Switzerland in the 1700s. It was later spelled Smoker for about two generations, before the family's forebearers grew uncomfortable with a name that suggested tobacco use and took to spelling the name Smucker.
Smucker's great-great-grandson, Mark Smucker, has been CEO of The J.M. Smucker Company since 2016.
References
Farmers from Ohio
American food company founders
Burials in Ohio
American people of Swiss descent
People from Wayne County, Ohio
American Mennonites
1858 births
1948 deaths
People from Orrville, Ohio
Ignorance management is a knowledge management practice that addresses the concept of ignorance in organizations.
Overview
Logically, ignorance management is based upon the concept of ignorance. John Israilidis, Russell Lock, and Louise Cooke of Loughborough University described ignorance management as:
The key principle of this theory is that knowledge management (KM) could better be seen as ignorance management, due to the fact that it is impossible for someone to comprehend and understand everything in a complete way. The only real wisdom is in recognising the limits and extent of one's knowledge, and therefore KM is essentially a matter of sharing the extent of one's ignorance with other people, and thus learning together. This process of knowing what is needed to know, and also acknowledging the power of understanding the unknown, could develop a tacit understanding and could improve both short-term opportunistic value capture and longer term business sustainability.
Research
Several attempts have been made to explore the value of managing organisational ignorance in order to prevent failures within knowledge transfer contexts. The need to recognise the role and significance of power in the management of ignorance has been introduced to further enhance such efforts. Also, a growing body of psychology research shows that humans find it intrinsically difficult to get a sense of what we don't know, and argues that incompetence deprives people of the ability to recognise their own incompetence (the Dunning–Kruger effect). The viewpoint of developing our understanding of organisational ignorance can yield impressive benefits, if successfully incorporated within a company's KM strategy.
See also
Ignoramus et ignorabimus
I know that I know nothing
There are known knowns
Unknown known
Agnatology
References
Further reading
Information systems
Ignorance
The 1976 United States presidential election in South Carolina took place on November 2, 1976. All 50 states and the District of Columbia were part of the 1976 United States presidential election. South Carolina voters chose 8 electors to the Electoral College, who voted for president and vice president.
South Carolina voted for the Democratic nominee, former Georgia Governor Jimmy Carter, and their running mate Walter Mondale over the Republican nominee, President Gerald Ford and their running mate Senator Bob Dole. Carter won South Carolina by a margin of 13.04% above Ford.
Ford managed to carry just three of South Carolina's counties, while Nixon managed to carry all 46 counties four years earlier. , this is the last time that the Democratic nominee carried South Carolina, the last time a Democrat won Horry County, Spartanburg County, Berkeley County, Beaufort County, Dorchester County, Florence County, Pickens County, Kershaw County, and Newberry County, and the last time a Democrat swept every congressional district in the state.
Results
Results by county
Notes
References
South Carolina
1976
1976 South Carolina elections
Tommy Atkins is a 1928 British silent drama film directed by Norman Walker and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Henry Victor and Walter Byron. Based on the eponymous play by Arthur Shirley and Ben Landeck, it features a romantic drama against the backdrop of the British intervention in The Sudan in the 1880s.
Plot
A cleric enlists on learning they love their brother's sweetheart, saves their lives, and finds they are really an Earl.
Cast
Lillian Hall-Davis as Ruth
Henry Victor as Victor
Walter Byron as Harold
Shayle Gardner as Mason
Jerrold Robertshaw as Earl
Pat Courtney as Ruth as a Child
Leslie Tomlinson as Victor as a Child
Alfred Leonard as Harold as a Child
References
External links
1928 films
1920s historical drama films
1920s war drama films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Norman Walker
British silent feature films
British romantic drama films
British war drama films
British historical drama films
Films set in Sudan
Films set in the 19th century
Films set in the 1880s
British black-and-white films
British historical romance films
1928 romantic drama films
1920s British films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent war films
Avinash Iragavarapu is a Political Campaign Strategist and was also the Executive Director of the Arizona Republican Party. They started their political campaign stint in the year 2013 with the YSR Congress Party and has since then helped several Political Parties strategize their Campaign.
Personal life
Avinash is from Rajahmundry in East Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh and has pursued their MBA from IIM Lucknow.
Political Campaign Experience
Avinash started Political Campaigning with the YSR Congress Party in Andhra Pradesh in the year 2013 after quitting their job at HCL.
In 2014, Avinash moved to the US where they campaigned for a candidate named Doug Ducey. After Doug Ducey became governor, they were promoted to the post of Executive Director of the Arizona Republican Party where through their analytical skills and strategic thinking they helped the party in winning the state in the United States Presidential Election 2016.
As of 2016, they were engaged with different political parties and helping them in designing an effective political campaign. They briefly worked with Kamal Haasan to structure and help their new political party Makkal Needhi Maiam.
References
American politicians of Indian descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Łukówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ray Mead (12 April 1913 – 17 May 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1913 births
2001 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
The Malta Gaming Authority (MGA) (formerly the Lotteries and Gaming Authority) (LGA) is the gaming control board of Malta. It regulates most forms of gambling in its territory, including both land-based (casino, amusement and slot machines, betting offices, fantasy sports, and lotteries) and online gambling services including B2C and B2B services.
History
The MGA was established in 2001 to regulate the various sectors of the gaming industry that fall under the MGA's authority, by ensuring fairness transparency to players using gaming services, preventing crime, corruption and money laundering and to protect minor and vulnerable players.
The MGA was one of the first regulators to offer legislation that regulates the activity of online gambling companies and create a secure atmosphere for players. A comprehensive set of legislation, regulations and directives regulate the industry, starting with Lotteries and Other Games Act, 2001, and Chapters 438 and 400 of the Laws of Malta.
The online gambling sector in Malta has grown tremendously since 2001, with the industry generating over 12% of the country's GDP.
Functions
The MGA deals with:
Protection of minors and vulnerable persons, while promoting responsible gaming in a safe environment.
Licensing and regulation of the gaming operators.
Guidance and cooperation at all stages of the application process.
Protection of player funds, ensuring that all deposits and withdrawals are secure and enforceable.
Ensure the integrity of games and gaming devices, via audits and independent testing facilities to ensure the randomness of results of all games of chance.
Monitoring of licensee activities to ensure compliance.
Safeguarding of player rights, via investigation of complaints concerning the licensees on behalf of the players.
Monitoring of activities to keep gaming free from criminal activities.
The MGA cannot enforce any operator to return stakes that have been voluntary placed and lost in a fair game, but it can provide advice and assistance in enforcing the deposited money and the actual winnings and aids in dispute resolution with players and its licensees when necessary.
In addition, the new gambling law in Malta introduces "a duty of care for operators". The MGA licence holders are expected to monitor players' gambling habits, look for signs of problematic behaviour and intervene when necessary.
The MGA licenses several well-known online gambling companies. The list of current MGA licence holders is provided at the register page.
Structure
The MGA is composed of the following main entities:
Non-Executive Board of Directors, primarily responsible for overseeing the strategic development of the Authority and ensuring that the set policy and strategic objectives are achieved. The Board is also responsible for policy development and overall risk management. Headed by an independent Chairman who may or may not be the CEO of the MGA.
CEO, who is responsible for the overall execution and performance of the MGA functions.
Executive Management Committee, who are delegated tasks by the CEO and are responsible for major functions of the MGA.
Audit Committee, assisting the Board of Directors in ensuring good corporate governance, risk management, oversight of audit/accounting issues and internal controls, while overseeing the accounting and reporting processes and audits.
Supervisory Council, which supervises and reviews the regulatory objectives of the MGA, and is responsible for ensuring the integrity, consistency and development of the regulatory functions of the MGA, while providing oversight and guidance in relation to ongoing regulatory issues, strategic regulation and act as an advisory committee to the Authority's Board and management.
Fit and Proper Committee, which assesses and determines whether applicants for an MGA Licence are fit and proper persons, especially from a criminal probity aspect, to be granted a gaming licence and be authorised to conduct gaming business activities.
References
Gambling regulators
Gambling in Malta
Regulation in Malta
Government agencies of Malta
Dimitrios Anakoglou (; born 6 September 1991) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League 2 club Panserraikos.
Career
Panserraikos
Dimitris Anakoglou began their football career in 2008. Within four years and six months, they managed to compete in 89 games scoring 5 times. Their good performances led them to play in nine games with the Greece National Team U19 and U21.
AEK Athens
In January 2013, AEK Athens bought Anakoglou from Panserraikos. Although they were immediately loved by the fans of AEK, they did not play many games; They played in 3 games. After the relegation of the team, they renewed their contract with AEK for 4 years.
Anakoglou has been a mainstay in the midfield of AEK during their battle to return to Greece's top flight helping them with back to back promotions from the third tier back to the Super League in just 2 seasons, they also captained the side on many occasions due to the absence of Georgeas and Cordero. From 2015-16 season and the return of AEK at the Superleague Greece, Anakoglou became the first captain of the team. On 25 July 2016, AEK Athens terminated the contract of central midfielder and former captain of the club, who had joined the 2016 Greek Cup winners in January 2013.
Loan to Veria
On 1 February 2016, Anakoglou was loaned to Superleague side Veria until the end of season. On 7 February 2016, they made their debut with the club, scored in a 2-0 home win against Kalloni helping their club to gain its first victory in 2016.
Aris
On the 2 August 2016 Anakoglou signed with Aris for 2 years.
On 6 April 2017, during club's training workout Anakoglou seriously injured, after a duel with Miguel Sebastián Garcia. A day later, Anakoglou had a surgery, faced a cruciate ligament rupture that probably kept them out of the team for 6 months.
Lamia
On 4 July 2019, Lamia officially announced the signing of Anakoglou on a free transfer.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
AEK Athens
Football League: 2014–15 (South Group)
Football League 2: 2013–14 (6th Group)
References
External links
Scoresway.com Profile
Profile at Onsports.gr
1991 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Panserraikos F.C. players
AEK Athens F.C. players
Veria F.C. players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Serres
The tuber cinereum is a hollow eminence of the middle–ventral hypothalamus, specifically the arcuate nucleus, situated between the mammillary bodies and the optic chiasm. In addition to the ventral hypothalamus, the tuber cinereum includes the median eminence and pituitary gland. Together with the hollow itself, it is sometimes referred to as the pituitary stalk.
Structure
The tuber cinereum is an inferior distention of the floor of the third ventricle; the conical hollow formed by the distention (a continuation of the ventricle itself), is known as the infundibulum (funnel). Thus, the tuber cinereum is anteriorly continuous with the lamina terminalis, while laterally it is continuous with the anterior perforated substances of the hypothalamus. The inferior end adjoins the posterior lobe of the pituitary gland.
Capillaries of the tuber cinereum are specialized and confluent to enable rapid communication via brain- or blood-borne factors between compartments of the tuber, a capillary system described as the hypophyseal portal system. The subregion of the hypothalamic arcuate nucleus closest to the median eminence contains specialized permeable capillaries surrounded by wide pericapillary spaces, enabling moment-to-moment sensing of circulating blood.
Function
The tuber cinereum primarily constitutes nerve fibres travelling from the hypothalamus to the pituitary gland. Rather than providing signalling to the gland, many of these fibres actually function as the source of the substances released by the posterior lobe of this gland. Hence, the tuber cinereum functions as a rapid, high-concentration, hormonal route between the hypothalamus, median eminence, and pituitary gland, and from there into the general circulation.
Additional images
See also
hypothalamus
tuber cinereum hamartoma
References
External links
- "Interpeduncular fossa" (#4)
Hypothalamus
Samir Nassar (born 5 July 1950 in Nebay, Lebanon) is the current archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Damascus.
Life
Samir Nassar received on August 17, 1980 the sacrament of Holy orders and was incardinated in the clergy of the Maronite Archeparchy of Damascus.
On 10 June 2006, they were elected bishop by the synod of the Maronite Church to the Archeparchy of Damascus. Pope Benedict XVI approved their election as archbishop of the Archeparchy of Damascus on 14 October 2006. Maronite Patriarch of Antioch, Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir, gave them on 26 November of the same year the episcopal ordination and their co-consecrators were the Archbishop of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut, Paul Youssef Matar and the retired bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Our Lady of Lebanon of São Paulo, Joseph Mahfouz, OLM.
References
External links
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/bishop/bnassa.html
1950 births
Lebanese Maronites
21st-century Maronite Catholic bishops
Living people
Cyprus sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the island country's eighth consecutive appearance in a Summer Paralympiad having made its debut at the 1988 Summer Paralympics. The Cypriot delegation to Rio de Janeiro consisted of two athletes: sprinter Antonis Aresti and short-distance swimmer Karolina Pelendritou. Aresti placed sixth overall in the men's 400 metres T47 event and Pelendritou came fourth in the 100 metres breaststroke SB13 competition after losing the bronze medal by in the final.
Background
Cyprus' debut in Paralympic competition was the 1988 Seoul Summer Paralympics. The island country has entered every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro their eighth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. At the close of the Rio Games, the nation had won a total of six medals in their history in the Paralympic movement. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Two athletes were sent by Cyprus to Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Antonis Aresti and short-distance swimmer Karolina Pelendritou. They were accompanied by the team's chef de mission Aristides Evripides, the president of the Cyprus National Paralympic Committee Andreas Kamarliggos, coaches Christos Constantinou and Stylianos Kakavogiannis, a team doctor and a trainer-physiotherapist. Pelendritou was chosen to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations at the opening ceremony and Aresti performed these duties at the closing ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Antonis Aresti was born on 15 February 1983. At the age of three, they lost the full use of their left arm when they were struck by a car while crossing the road in Cyprus and was left with three severed nerves. This led Aresti to take up sprinting and made their international debut at the 2006 Dutch World Track and Field Championship. These Rio Paralympics were their third consecutive appearance in the Paralympic movement after representing Cyprus at the 2008 Summer Paralympics (two silver medals) and the 2012 London Paralympics. Aresti is classified as T47. They qualified for the Games since their 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships performance of 50.55 seconds in the men's 400 metres T47 was 0.25 seconds faster than the "A" qualifying standard for that discipline. Aresti stated to the Cyprus News Agency that their goal was to reach the final of their event and then win another Paralympic medal. On 16 September, they competed in the heats of the men's 400 metres T47 event. Aresti was drawn into heat one, finishing in a time of 50.42 seconds, third out of eight athletes. Their time was eighth fastest overall and this allowed them to proceed to the next day's final. There, Aresti finished in sixth position out of eight sprinters in a time of 50.07 seconds.
Men's Track
Swimming
Born on 25 August 1986, Karolina Pelendritou has lost 97% percent of their central vision in their retina, rendering them unable to see details from a long distance.  They are classified as SB12 but the International Paralympic Committee and the Organizing Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Rio 2016 assigned them to compete in the SB13 category because there were no other swimmers in their classification who qualified for the Games. Pelendritou was competing in the Summer Paralympic Games for the fourth time in their career, having represented Cyprus at the previous three Summer Paralympics. They said before the Games, "First of all I do not know in advance whether the upcoming Paralympic Games of my career will be equally important as the three previous ones. In Athens, Beijing and London I climbed the podium. Now; I want it, I believe, I expect it." Pelendritou took part in the heats of the women's 100 metre breaststroke SB13 on 11 September, where they were assigned heat one, which they finished in one minute and 20.72 seconds, in sixth place out of eight swimmers overall, advancing them to the final. In the final, they overtook two competitors in the second half of the race, but lost the bronze medal to Colleen Young of the United States by around and two-hundredths of a second to finish fourth with a new personal best Paralympic time of one minute and 17.22 seconds.
Women
See also
Cyprus at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Cypriot sport
Bizineh Rud () may refer to:
Bizineh Rud District
Bizineh Rud Rural District
Carol H. Beck (1859-1908) was an American historical painter, critic and writer.
Life and work
They were a student the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Arts Schools from 1879 to 1884, where they studied under Thomas Eakins. They studied in Dresden, and at the Académie Julian in Paris. They returned to PAFA in 1899, where they did additional study under William Merritt Chase.
They received PAFA's 1899 Mary Smith Prize for best painting by a Philadelphia woman artist. They were a Fellow of the Academy and a member of the Plastic Club, Philadelphia. Beck painted portraits and their works were frequently exhibited. Well-known portraits include Governor Robert E. Pattison, painted for the Pennsylvania State Capitol, as well as a portrait of their brother Hon. James M. Beck. Them portraits were also seen in the University of Pennsylvania, in the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania, in Wesleyan College, at the capitols of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and other public places, as well as in many private homes. Beck edited the Catalogue of the William P. Wilstach Collection of Paintings in Memorial Hall, Fairmount Park, Philadelphia. For some years and until their death, they were one of the managers of the Fellowships of the Pennsylvania Academy. On an order from Andrew Carnegie, they painted William Penn in armor for the Pennsylvania Society in New York, and several portraits for Skibo Castle.
Beck Gold Medal
The now defunct Carol H. Beck Gold Medal was awarded for the best painting by an American artist exhibited at PAFA's annual exhibitions. Founded in 1908 by James M. Beck, in memory of their sister, it was first awarded in 1909. The portrait had to have been painted within the prior three years, and an artist could be awarded the medal only once. Recipients included John Singer Sargent, Robert Henri, George Bellows, John Sloan and Thomas Hart Benton.
References
Sources
Footnotes
Artists from Philadelphia
American women painters
History painters
American expatriates in Germany
American expatriates in France
American art critics
1908 deaths
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American women artists
1859 births
Students of Thomas Eakins
The 2017 Viterra Saskatchewan Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the provincial women's curling championship of Saskatchewan was held from January 24–29 at the Horizon Credit Union Centre in Melvile. The winning Penny Barker team represented Saskatchewan at the 2017 Scotties Tournament of Hearts in St. Catharines, Ontario.
Moose Jaw's Penny Barker won their first provincial women's title, sealing the victory after a hit for four points in the final, defeating North Battleford's Robyn Silvernagle. The Barker rink was ranked 7th going into the tournament, and only made the playoffs after winning a tiebreaker match. They then won three straight playoff games to claim the title. The 2017 Scotties Tournament of Hearts will be the first national championship for all four members of the Barker rink. The team is the first Moose Jaw-based team to win the provincial title since 1999.
Dayna Demers, third for the Silvernagle rink won the Marj Mitchell Award for sportsmanship and competitiveness.
Teams
Notably absent from the 2017 Saskatchewan Scotties is the defending champion Jolene Campbell rink. They failed to qualify for provincials after a 1-3 record at the "last chance" event. The top seed in the event was the Chantelle Eberle rink, who was ranked 38th on the World Curling Tour money list. The top Saskatchewan team on the WCT money list was 4-time provincial champion Sherry Anderson who got the second seed. The event also included 4-time provincial champion Stefanie Lawton.
The teams are listed as follows:
Round robin standings
Scores
Draw 1
Silvernagle 7-6 Anderson
Eberle 8-5 Selzer
Lawton 9-5 Martin
Barber 7-6 Schneider
Draw 2
Selzer 10-5 Martin
Lawton 10-7 Barber
Barker 9-8 Anderson
Silvernagle 6-4 Eberle
Draw 3
Lawton 8-6 Barker
Silvernagle 6-5 Schneider
Barber 4-3 Selzer
Martin 8-7 Anderson
Draw 4
Silvernagle 9-1 Barber
Martin 6-4 Barker
Eberle 10-3 Schneider
Selzer 5-4 Lawton
Draw 5
Barker 9-3 Selzer
Lawton 8-4 Schneider
Barber 12-4 Anderson
Martin 6-5 Eberle
Draw 6
Lawton 8-3 Eberle
Anderson 9-5 Selzer
Martin 5-3 Silvernagle
Schneider 8-7 Barker
Draw 7
Anderson 8-3 Schneider
Barber 7-6 Martin
Barker 7-4 Eberle
Silvernagle 7-6 Selzer
Draw 8
Eberle 11-4 Barber
Silvernagle 6-5 Barker
Selzer 11-6 Schneider
Lawton 10-7 Anderson
Draw 9
Martin 9-5 Schneider
Anderson 10-4 Eberle
Silvernagle 8-2 Lawton
Barker 8-6 Barber
Tiebreaker
Barker 9-3 Barber
Playoffs
1 vs. 2
Saturday, January 28, 8:00pm
3 vs. 4
Saturday, January 28, 8:00pm
Semifinal
Sunday, January 29, 1:00pm
Final
Sunday, January 29, 6:00pm
References
Saskatchewan
Curling in Saskatchewan
2017 in Saskatchewan
January 2017 sports events in Canada
Melvin Wong Hwang Chee (born 30 July 1978) is an entrepreneur, speaker and business person. They were the founder of FanXT, a fantasy sports platforms for The Football Association, MotoGP and Formula One.
Career
Wong started their company Just Mobile in 2005 which expanded into a fantasy sports platform known as FanXT.In 2016, Grand Perfecta Inc., a Tokyo based company, acquired FanXT via its U.S subsidiary, Sports Perfecta Inc.
In 2012, Wong represented their country at Global Entrepreneurship Week, organised by United States Department of State, which was held at The White House in Washington DC. In 2013, Melvin was a speaker at science, technology and entrepreneurship event together with Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, Kerri-Ann Jones at Universiti Teknologi MARA System in Malaysia. They were also a speaker at The Global Entrepreneurship Summit which was officiated by President Obama and was held in 2013.
Wong was the winner of MyEG Make The Pitch Season 2, a business reality show that was aired on 8TV (Malaysia) in 2012. Wong won a sum of MYR 1 million investment money from MyEG which they later turned down. They were also among the semi-finalists at Startup Asia business TV reality show aired on Channel News Asia in 2014.
Wong has won several local and international awards including the TiE's All-Asia Business Plan Competition in 2012 and Malaysia's National Intellectual Property Award, organised by MyIPO in 2014. Melvin's FanXT was a finalist in The Football Business Awards 2014 together with Bloomberg Sports, FIFA and Sky Deutschland. Currently, Melvin is a mentor with The South Bay Entrepreneurial Center in California.
Awards
National Intellectual Property Awards - Malaysia - (2014)
GIST - U.S - (2013)
TiE Global All-Asia Business Competition - India - (2012)
MSC Asia Pacific ICT Awards (APICTA) - Malaysia - (2011)
MIPTV Finalist for Content 360 Competition - MIPTV - France - (2010)
InnOvation Malaysia Awards - Malaysia - (2009)
Mobile Monday Global Summit Peer Awards - Malaysia - (2008)
MSC Mobile Content Competition - Malaysia - (2006)
References
1978 births
Living people
Malaysian businesspeople
People from Kuching
Westward Ho (or Ho!, or Hoe) is an early Jacobean-era stage play, a satire and city comedy by Thomas Dekker and John Webster that was first performed circa 1604. It had an unusual impact in that it inspired Ben Jonson, George Chapman and John Marston to respond to it by writing Eastward Ho, the famously controversial 1605 play that landed Jonson and Chapman in jail.
Date
The consensus of scholarly opinion recognises that Dekker's and Webster's play must have been on the stage before the end of 1604 to have inspired the reaction of Eastward Ho early the following year; a few have argued for a date as early as 1603. Westward Ho was entered into the Stationers' Register on 2 March 1605, though the entry in the Register is crossed out and marked "vacat."
Performance and publication
The play was published in quarto in 1607 by the bookseller John Hodgets; the title page of the quarto states that the play was acted by the Children of Paul's, one of the companies of boy actors that constituted a distinctive feature of that era. It received its first modern performance in 2009, at the White Bear Theatre, as part of their Lost Classics Project.
As a response, Eastward Ho was acted by the other troupe of boy actors, then called the Children of the Queen's Revels, generating a kind of theatrical debate between two sets of dramatists and two acting companies. And Dekker and Webster would in turn answer Eastward Ho with their Northward Ho later in 1605 – completing a trilogy of "directional plays."
Authorship
Critics generally agree that Dekker's hand is dominant in Westward Ho, while Webster's is the minority contribution; but they have disagreed on particulars. Peter Murray estimated Webster's share at roughly 40% of the whole. Scholars have tended to see Webster's hand most clearly in Act I (especially scene i) and Act III (especially scene iii).
Satire
Westward Ho is a satire that provoked a counter-satire in response. Throughout the Tudor and early Stuart periods, the city of London endured a radical expansion and transformation, from the Medieval walled city it had been, toward the modern city it would become. Much of its physical expansion took place on the westward side of the city. (The phrases "westward ho!" and "eastward ho!" were the cries of the watermen who provided taxi service by boat on the River Thames.) In their original play, Dekker and Webster took a broad-scale satirical view of contemporary events and developments in London, as it evolved "westward" into new, more egalitarian, more capitalistic and competitive forms.
In their dramatic output overall, Dekker does not show a strong preoccupation with ethics; one 19th-century critic called them a "moral sloven". Webster was capable of expressing a dark anarchic cynicism – found most blatantly in their two great tragedies, The White Devil and The Duchess of Malfi. In contrast, the trio of Jonson, Chapman, and Marston generally used satire to uphold traditional morality. To some degree, the difference between the two sets of dramatists can be conceptualised as the traditional philosophical contrast between is and ought: Dekker and Webster depicted their society as they saw it, while Jonson and their collaborators had a greater interest in directing society toward what it should be. The trio had a more overtly didactic and pedagogic side to their moral and artistic outlook than did the duo. (Jonson and Dekker had been on opposite sides of an earlier controversy, the so-called Poetomachia or War of the Theatres; and the directional plays can be, and have been, seen as a continuation of that earlier contest.)
Synopsis
The play opens with Mistress Birdlime, a London bawd and procuress, bringing gifts from an Earl to Mistress Justiniano, the wife of an Italian/English merchant. The Earl has been pursuing Justiniano's wife for some time, though so far without success. Justiniano is having business difficulties, which only exacerbate their domestic problems. Justiniano tells their wife that they intend to travel to Stade in Germany; actually, they adopt a disguise and remains in London to observe and manipulate their wife and their circle of friends and associates.
That circle includes three other citizens, Tenterhook, Honeysuckle, and Wafer, and their wives. The three wives are all pursued by a set of gallants that includes Sir Gosling Glowworm, Captain Whirlpool, Masters Linstock and Monopoly. Monopoly is a special friend of Mrs. Tenterhook; when they do not pay them enough attention, they convince Tenterhook to have Monopoly arrested for the debts they owe. Then they arrange for the arresting officer, Sergeant Ambush, to keep Monopoly at their house rather than taking them to prison, so that Mrs. Tenterhook can meet them there in private.
Justiniano is disguised as a tutor called Parenthesis who is teaching the wives their letters; in fact they facilitate contact between the wives and the gallants. The group forms a plan to evade the three husbands for an outing to Brentford (in the play it is called "Brainford"), west of London, upstream on the Thames. Their excuse is that the Tenterhooks' child, staying with their wetnurse in Brentford, is ill, and the women are rushing off to tend him. Justiniano, disguised this time as a collier, brings this message to the citizens.
With Justiniano (apparently) absent, Birdlime succeeds in bringing Mrs. Justiniano to the Earl; they are ardent for her, but they put them off. They condemn Birdlime as a panderess, but Birdlime dismisses the accusation. In fact it is entirely true: Birdlime runs a bawdy house that features a woman named Luce as its prime attraction. The citizens Tenterhook, Honeysuckle and Wafer all show up there; Birdlime tries to conceal their identities from each other, though the men recognise each other's voices. (At one point, Tenterhook covers Luce's eyes with their hands from behind, and asks them to guess who they are; Luce names a long list of their customers in response, a list that includes most of the male characters in the play.)
In the course of their masquerade Justiniano exposes hidden truths about himself: they are actually solvent and not bankrupt, and their activities are motivated by their own personal obsessions — they were so possessive and jealous over their wife that he'd stay awake nights to listen to them talk in their sleep, hoping that she'd let slip the names of lovers. The Earl has a second meeting with Mrs. Justiniano — or so they think; when "she" unveils, they turn out to be Justiniano themselves rather than their wife. (The women often go veiled and masked in the play, which lubricates the plot's action.) Justiniano makes the Earl think that they have poisoned their wife, to give the elderly man a good scare; when the Earl is repentant, Justiniano reveals that they are still alive. Justiniano, in their true persona, then informs the other three citizens about the journey of their wives and the gallants; Justiniano, their wife, and the three men set off to Brentford in pursuit.
The wives and gallants reach their destination and lodge at an inn — but the gallants are disappointed with the end result. The wives are exploiting the gallants for their own amusement, but have no intention of sleeping with them; as Mistress Tenterhook puts it, "citizens' wives have wit enough to outstrip twenty such gulls." Mrs. Tenterhook feigns illness, spoiling the trip's romantic possibilities. When the three husbands and the Justinianos arrive, they see that the wives have passed the night locked away together, without male companionship. The husbands are somewhat chastened to find that their self-righteous suspicions were unfounded; and the couples return to London, none the worse for wear.
It can be noted that the play formally maintains conventional morality; none of the married women is actually guilty of adultery, and nobody has sex in the course of the action. The play's risque aspect is more in its tone; in its freewheeling style more than in substance, Westward Ho casts a stark light on the society of its day.
Intertextuality
Thomas Middleton borrowed a plot element from Westward Ho in their later city comedy The Roaring Girl (published 1611), where they send their characters on a trip to Brentford just as Dekker and Webster do in their play. Middleton likely expected their audience to recognise the allusion, since they mention Westward Ho by name in their text (IV, ii, 137).
Critical responses
Traditional critics who took an interest in the controversy tended to side with Jonson and company more than with Dekker and Webster. Algernon Charles Swinburne, in an essay on Webster, termed Westward Ho a "hybrid amalgam of prosaic and romantic elements" and an "amorphous and incongruous product of inventive impatience and impetuous idleness...." Adolphus William Ward, however, called Westward and Northward Ho "two rollicking comedies." Modern critics have sometimes praised the realism of Dekker's and Webster's view of their society.
Notes
References
Brooke, Rupert. John Webster and the Elizabethan Drama. London, John Lane, 1916.
Chakravorty, Swapan. Society and Politics in the Plays of Thomas Middleton. Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1996.
Chambers, E. K. The Elizabethan Stage. 4 Volumes, Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1923.
Jackson, Kenneth S. Separate Theatres: Bethlem ("Bedlam") Hospital and the Shakespearean Stage. Newark, DE, University of Delaware Press, 2005.
Logan, Terence P., and Denzell S. Smith, eds. The Popular School: A Survey and Bibliography of Recent Studies in English Renaissance Drama. Lincoln, NE, University of Nebraska Press, 1975.
Swinburne, Algernon Charles. “John Webster.” The Age of Shakespeare, Harper & Brothers, New York, 1908, pp. 15-60
Murray, Peter B. "The Collaboration of Dekker and Webster in Northward Ho and Westward Ho." Papers of the Bibliographic Society of America 56 (1962), pp. 482–6.
Orlin, Lena Cowen, ed. Material London, Ca. 1600. Philadelphia, University of Pennsylvania Press, 2000.
Pierce, Frederick Erastus. The Collaboration of Dekker and Webster. New York, Henry Holt, 1909.
External links
English Renaissance plays
1600s plays
Plays by Thomas Dekker (writer)
Plays by John Webster
The 1927 Pottsville Maroons season was their third in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous league output of 10–2–2, winning only five games. They finished eighth in the league standings.
Schedule
Standings
References
1927
Pottsville Maroons
Boston
Vincent Alsop (c. 16308 May 1703) was an English Nonconformist clergyman. Their Mischief of Separation and Melius Inquirenduni became landmarks in the history of religious nonconformity.
Life
Alsop was the son of the Rector of South Collingham, Nottinghamshire and was educated at St John's College, Cambridge. They received deacon's orders from a bishop, and settled as assistant-master in the free school of Oakham, Rutland. The Rev. Benjamin King took them under their wing, and they married King's daughter. They were thus converted to King's religious beliefs, and received ordination in the Presbyterian denomination, not being satisfied with that which they had from the bishop. They were presented to the living of Wilby, Northamptonshire, but lost it as a result of the Act of Uniformity 1662.
After this they preached privately at Oakham and Wellingborough, and suffered accordingly. They were imprisoned for six months for praying with a sick person. A book against William Sherlock, dean of St Paul's, called Antisozzo (against Socinus), written in the vein of Andrew Marvell's The Rehearsal Transpros'd, made them a name as a wit. They were also invited to succeed the venerable Thomas Cawton (the younger) as independent minister in Westminster. They accepted the call and drew great crowds to their chapel.
They published other books which showed a strong vein of wit, as well as great powers of reasoning. Even with John Goodman and Edward Stillingfleet for antagonists, they more than held their own. Their Mischief of Impositions (1680) in answer to Stillingfleet's Mischief of Separation, and Melius Inquirenduni (1679) in answer to Goodman's Compassionate Inquiry, remain historical landmarks in the history of nonconformity.
As a result of the involvement of their son in alleged treasonable practices, they had to appeal to and obtained pardon from James II of England. This seems to have given a somewhat diplomatic character to their later years, inasmuch as, while remaining a nonconformist, they had a good deal to do with proposed political-ecclesiastical compromises.
Two polemical works once thought to be their – A Reply to the Reverend Dean of St. Paul's Reflections on the Rector of Sutton, &c. (1681) and The Rector of Sutton Committed with the Dean of St. Paul's, or, A Defence of Dr. Stillingfleet's Irenicum (1680) – have also been attributed to the Nottingham Presbyterian John Barret.
Upon Alsop's death, their significant personal library was sold at retail. No catalog survives.
Notes
References
Anthony à Wood, Athenae Oxonienses (edited by Bliss) iv. 106;
Edmund Calamy, Life of Baxter, ii. 487;
Walter Wilson, History and Antiquities of Dissenting Churches, iv. 63–66.
External links
1630s births
1703 deaths
People from Northamptonshire
Ejected English ministers of 1662
17th-century Christian clergy
Tečić (Serbian Cyrillic: Течић) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at , at the elevation of 210 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 660 citizens.
External links
Levac Online
Article about Tečić
Pictures from Tečić
Site about Tečić
Populated places in Pomoravlje District
Šumadija
Public Strain is the second and final studio album by Canadian rock band Women. It was released on August 23, 2010, via Flemish Eye in Canada and Jagjaguwar in the United States. The album was produced by Chad VanGaalen and recorded during a period of isolation for the band with limited equipment and experimental techniques involved in the 10-month recording process. It has been noted for the key and vocal delivery, unique sound and krautrock style, influence from the Velvet Underground, and numerous genres including post-punk.
Lyrically, Public Strain addresses issues such as paranoia and melancholy. It contains multiple references to Ray Johnson. The deadpan vocal delivery of guitarist Patrick Flegel and bassist Matthew Flegel were described as evocative and hard to understand; the album makes use of harmonizing from all three band members and VanGaalen to create an "ethereal" vocal track. Its instrumentation is abrasive, which drew comparisons to Sonic Youth and Wavves. An accompanying tour would abruptly halt and ultimately lead to Women's disbanding in October 2010.
Public Strain was released to high critical reviews, and it was longlisted for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize. Retrospective reviews have labeled it one of the best albums of the 2010s decade, with particular praise directed towards the closing track "Eyesore". Widely considered an underground classic, the album has received a cult following. Its large impact on indie artists has been noted by personnel involved in the recording and release of the album.
Background and recording
After promoting their debut album Women in 2008, the band felt the pressures of extensive touring and began recording Public Strain soon after finishing their tour—the members lived in a house together with a place in their basement that was used to jam for hours at a time. The album was produced by Chad VanGaalen, who also worked on Women's first album. It was the first to be recorded in VanGaalen's new studio space called Yoko Eno. Patrick Flegel, a guitarist and frontman of the band, would describe the recording process as a "slog", but with similar or the same experimentation techniques as Women. Flegel would create a sloppy demo of a track and slowly piece it together with VanGaalen, relatives of VanGaalen, and the band members, a process which they described as "debaucherous". Drummer Michael Wallace was not particularly involved in the songwriting process but acknowledged Women's influence from the Velvet Underground, especially Moe Tucker. Wallace was also influenced by their knowledge gained in India before joining Women.
The guitar track for "Penal Colony" was originally not going to be used, but the band decided to keep the recording; Public Strain varies with production strategies that were made on the fly and meticulously produced recordings. The drum track for "China Steps" was initially recorded in a "cavernous, concrete basement" in VanGaalen's garage, and the song concludes with more closely recorded drums. Nonetheless, Flegel would later state that the band members did "lie through their teeth" in contemporary interviews; most of Public Strain was recorded outside, including Flegel's vocals, mainly because VanGaalen desired to leave the studio.
Most of the album was recorded to tape and without professional equipment, creating more of a raw and abrasive sound. The final product was considered by Flegel to have "missed the mark" of Women's intended sound, although it got closer than their debut album to their intentions. Flegel was working a graveyard shift full time, leading to a period of isolation, which contributed to the songwriting process: "that's what contextualizes the album in my mind, this bizarre complex in the suburbs, no people around—just, completely quiet, just left alone to your thoughts, too much time on your hands, thinking too much, blowing things out of proportion, growing incredibly paranoid". The band members would drink alcohol and soda during the recording process. Wallace would later state that the recording process was difficult and stressful.
The recording process took about 10 months; the title of the album reflected the isolation of the band. Flegel credits Ian Russel, the founder of Flemish Eye, VanGaalen's label, as a motivator for creating Public Strain. VanGaalen considers the sound of the album to be hard to replicate in the face of other artists' requests: "They're expecting a record to sound a certain way...they'll be like, oh, man, like the Women record, but then they don't realize how that was, like, nine months of us hanging out, you know, and just like playing Nintendo and like not worrying about stuff." VanGaalen praised the songwriting abilities of the band and bassist Matt Flegel. During the recording process, VanGaalen would discard takes that sounded too clean and replace them with the more abrasive cassette tape tracks.
Music and lyrics
Public Strain has been described as post-punk, art rock, indie rock, and noise rock. The album contains a deadpan vocal delivery and showcases more pop influences than Women. It begins with "Can't You See", an "expansive opening track" that changes key from A major to E major, with optimistic lyrics. The sound of the opening track was compared to Wavves, an American rock band. "Heat Distraction" contains uncommon key and time signature changes; the song begins in , and was compared to works by Sonic Youth and Swell Maps. "Narrow With The Hall" was noted for its minimal use of chords, "eerie" vocals, use of feedback, and its vintage 1960s sound. "Penal Colony" is a subdued ballad, which drew comparisons to Public Strains tenth track "Venice Lockjaw" for its paring back; the latter is noted for its "angelic melody and twinkling arpeggios" and was called "the Velvet Underground [but] raised up from graves to woo the stars". "Bells", an "integral" track, follows "Penal Colony" and is densely built with reverberating bass.
The second half of the album is more abrasive than the first, opening with "China Steps". Its motorik beat and associated krautrock style drive listeners "toward a crescendo that never comes". "Drag Open" has been considered to be one of the loudest tracks on Public Strain, drawing comparisons to Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth. "Locust Valley" is one of the more melodic and intelligible songs on the album. The final track "Eyesore" lacks a chorus and is complete with "expansive guitar lines structured around ringing open strings and wide melodic intervals". "Eyesore" was the first and only single off of Public Strain; the track is one of Women's best known songs and is one of their most cherished. "Narrow With The Hall" and "Eyesore" were named "Best New Track" by Martin Douglas and Larry Fitzmaurice of Pitchfork, respectively.
Thematically, the album deals with topics such as unease, paranoia, melancholy, resignation, and euphoria. Public Strain was noted for evocative, hard to understand vocals and abstract lyrics, and its harmony-heavy vocal delivery between Patrick and Matt Flegel, which has been described as "ethereal". The lyrics were described to relate to the album cover of a blizzard, in conjunction with the album's monotonous production. The cover art was chosen by Christopher Reimer, another guitarist for Women. Two songs are direct references to late artist Ray Johnson: "Locust Valley" is the name of the town where Johnson lived, while "Venice Lockjaw" is a phrase Johnson used in pins that they handed out at the 1990 Venice Biennale. Johnson was previously referenced on Women's debut album, on the song titled "Sag Harbour Bridge".
Release
Public Strain was released on August 23, 2010 on VanGaalen's Flemish Eye record label in Canada, and on Jagjaguwar in the United States. "Eyesore" was released in September as a single in the US. Preceding the release, Women announced an international three-month fall tour. The European leg of the tour was successful for the band, but the North American tour was brutal; the tour would eventually be cut short due to an on-stage fight on October 29, 2010. Exclaim! magazine would run a detailed account of the fight, and Flemish Eye stated that Women was "exhausted and going on hiatus." The band would ultimately disband in October 2010 after cancelling all remaining shows of the tour.
Reception
Public Strain was released to widespread critical acclaim. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from professional publications, the album received an average score of 81, based on 20 reviews. Aggregator AnyDecentMusic? gave Public Strain 7.8 out of 10, based on their assessment of the critical consensus.
Sputnikmusic reviewer Electric City juxtaposed Women with popular contemporary artists, writing: "In the year of Kanye West, Sufjan Stevens, and Lady Gaga, the year where the artist is ultimately so much of the art, Public Strain exists without extra-textual discourse." Aaron Leitko, writing for Pitchfork, called the album "a bleak but beautiful record, full of subtly skewed melodies". Andrzej Lukowski wrote a review for Drowned in Sound based on the concluding song "Eyesore", and ultimately concluded that the final song and the album "sounds like the start of something greater for a band touched with greatness from the off". Chris Buckle, for The Skinny, called it "one of the year's most rewarding listens"; Joshua Kloke, at PopMatters, commented that in the wake of the band's potential breakup, "things have to leave you before you really begin to appreciate them".
However, in a critical review, Chris Coplan for No Ripcord stated that, in the placement of Women among a number of bands that similarly draw influences from groups like the Velvet Underground, "do [Women] add anything? Are they truly that talented? The answer to those questions, and whether this album should be bought and consumed, is an unbelievably resounding no."
Exclaim! placed Public Strain at number 10 on its list of the best Pop & Rock Albums of 2010, with critic Brock Thiessen writing that "Public Strain showed that rock'n'roll can still offer shock and awe". Pitchfork placed the album at number 47 on its list of The Top 50 Albums of 2010; similarly, Ron Webb of BBC called Public Strain "one of 2010's finest LPs". The album was named as a longlisted nominee for the 2011 Polaris Music Prize.
Legacy and influence
Public Strain has received lasting critical acclaim, with critics considering the album to be one of the best of the 2010s decade. It is widely considered to be an underground classic. Sputnikmusic's staff ranked Public Strain the third best album of the decade, calling it "a remarkably ageless album, existing out of time or of capital m Movement, existing in its own category". Gorilla vs. Bear and Tiny Mix Tapes ranked the album the 31st and 77th best album of the decade, respectively. Exclaim! named it one of the 50 best Canadian albums of the decade. "Eyesore" in particular was described as a masterpiece and a "floating opus which could very well be their swan song".
Retrospective assessments have discussed the album's influence on indie artists. Michael Crick at PopMatters concluded that while it was unlikely that it had a wide influence, Public Strain still modeled and contributed to the "Calgary Sound" of music. Tim Sentz of Beats Per Minute called Public Strain a cult classic in 2020, labeling "Eyesore" an epic finale, and wrote: "Just like the band who influenced them the most – the Velvet Underground]– it's likely every aspiring musician who bought Public Strain and adored it, went out and started their own band". Indie artists have also commented on the album. Clementine Creevy of Cherry Glazerr named Public Strain one of their 10 favorite albums of the decade. Bradford Cox of Deerhunter named the album their favorite "lost classic", stating: "They were very advanced instrumentally...I couldn't come up with music like that if my life depended on it. I think they had a bizarrely huge impact on the younger groups coming up now." VanGaalen would discuss how numerous artists would request for a Public Strain like sound in their own recordings. Ian Russel of Flemish Eye—the label that had released Public Strain originally—referenced Brian Eno's comment on The Velvet Underground & Nico: "Everyone who bought the Velvet Underground's first album started a band. Everyone who bought Women's ‘Public Strain' started a Bandcamp." Russel reflected upon the album's legacy in the light of Women's subsequent breakup:It was not exactly easy material to get into... We were going down that road of trying to [get an audience] when it all imploded. So it was both a story about us being excited about a record...and not seeing it come to fruition because two months later it wasn't being talked about anymore...The story was over. It had its impact more as a long-term influence on other artists.
Track listing
Personnel
Derived from the album's Bandcamp page and liner notes.
Women
Patrick Flegel – guitar, vocals
Matthew Flegel – bass, vocals
Michael Wallace – drums
Christopher Reimer – cello, guitar, vocals
Technical
Richard Harrow – mastering
Chad VanGaalen – recording, mixing, production, additional instrumentation and vocals
Notes
References
External links
2010 albums
Women (band) albums
Flemish Eye albums
Jagjaguwar albums
Carlos Dávila López is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). Dávila served as member of the 21st Senate of Puerto Rico from 1997 to 2001.
Completed a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration from the University of Turabo. Served with the United States Army in the Vietnam War with the 1st Cavalry Division. Dávila was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1996 general election to the District of Humacao, along with Luis Felipe Navas. Dávila ran for reelection at the 2000 general elections, but was defeated by the candidates of the PPD.
After that, Dávila has worked as a Legislative Aide for the President of the Senate Thomas Rivera Schatz.
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Living people
People from Yabucoa, Puerto Rico
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
United States Army soldiers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mian Rud (, also Romanized as Mīān Rūd) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 104, in 30 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Faceless Enemy (French: L'ennemi sans visage) is a 1946 French crime film directed by Robert-Paul Dagan and Maurice Cammage and starring Louise Carletti, Frank Villard and Jean Tissier. It was based on the novel of the same title by Stanislas-André Steeman. It featured their long-running detective . The film's sets were designed by the art director Marcel Magniez.
Synopsis
A professor needs to do experiments on a living body, and so they are assigned a condemned man. However soon the scientist is found dead and the convict has escaped. Inspector Wens takes over the case.
Cast
Louise Carletti as Arlette
Frank Villard as Inspecteur Wens / Inspector Wens
Roger Karl as Le professeur Artus / Professor Artus
Jean Tissier as Tiburce Artus
Jean Témerson as Hector / Le valet / Hector - the butler
Maurice Lagrenée as Clarence Jude
André Fouché as Maxime Artus
Jim Gérald as Ramshow
Denyse Réal as L'infirmière
Huguette Montréal as Andrée
Eugène Yvernès as Le chauffeur
Jean Berton as Le commissaire
Paul Delauzac as Le docteur
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Hardy, Phil. The BFI Companion to Crime. A&C Black, 1997.
External links
1946 films
1940s French-language films
1946 crime films
French crime films
Films directed by Maurice Cammage
Films based on Belgian novels
1940s French films
Concentric is the sixth studio album by the Italian psychedelic rock band Jennifer Gentle, released in 2010 by A Silent Place.
Track list
Key
Land
Neon
Melt
Hunt
Scar
Halos
Yell
References
2010 albums
Jennifer Gentle albums
Dafina Memedov (born 21 February 1990) is a Kosovan-born Albanian former footballer who played as a midfielder. They have been a member of the Albania women's national team.
Early life
Memedov was born in Kosovo and raised in Sweden.  They are of Albanian descent.
Club career
Memedov has played for IFK Norrköping DFK in Sweden.
See also
List of Albania women's international footballers
References
1990 births
Living people
Citizens of Albania through descent
Albanian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Albania women's international footballers
Kosovan women's footballers
Kosovan people of Albanian descent
Sportspeople of Albanian descent
Kosovan emigrants to Sweden
Naturalized citizens of Sweden
Swedish women's footballers
Kristianstads DFF players
Linköpings FC players
Damallsvenskan players
Swedish people of Albanian descent
The 2014 Texas State Senate elections took place as part of the biennial United States elections. Texas voters elected state senators in 15 of the 31 state senate districts. State senators serve four-year terms in the Texas State Senate. A statewide map of Texas's state Senate districts can be obtained from the Texas Legislative Council here, and individual district maps can be obtained from the U.S. Census here.
Following the 2012 State Senate elections, the Republicans maintained effective control of the Senate with nineteen members to the Democrats' twelve. As of 2020, this is the last time Republicans have gained seats in the senate in a regularly-scheduled election.
To claim control of the chamber from Republicans, the Democrats needed to gain four seats. While the GOP's statewide margin of victory for this class of Senators fell 4.3 percentage points compared to that of the 2012 elections, nearly all of the decrease was due to greater support for third-party candidates; the Democrats' vote share remained practically the same. In the end, the Republicans flipped one Democrat-held seat, winning twelve out of the fifteen races. Notably, the Libertarian Party fielded candidates in more races than the Democratic Party; as of 2020, this is the last time this has occurred.
Summary of race results
Notes
References
senate
Texas Senate
Texas State Senate elections
The flag of Malta () is a bicolour, with white in the hoist and red in the fly. A representation of the George Cross, awarded to Malta by George VI in 1942, is carried, edged with red, in the canton of the white stripe.
Colours
The red hue in the Maltese flag is officially documented as Pantone 186 C, RGB (207,20,43), Hex #CF142B or Spot Colour - 50% rubine red • 50% warm red.
Tradition states that the colours of the flag were given to Malta by Roger I of Sicily in 1090. Roger's fleet landed in Malta on the completion of the Norman conquest of Sicily. It is said that local Christians offered to fight by Roger's side against the Arab defenders. In order to recognise the locals fighting on their side from the defenders, Roger reportedly tore off part of their chequered red-and-white flag. This story has, however, been debunked as a 19th-century myth, possibly even earlier due to the Mdina, Malta's old capital, associating its colours with Roger's in the late Middle Ages.
The flag of the Knights of Malta, a white cross on a red field, was a more likely source of the Maltese colours, inspiring the red and white shield used during the British colonial period.
The George Cross
The George Cross originally appeared on the flag placed on a blue canton (see List of flags of Malta). The flag was changed on 21 September 1964 with Malta's independence when the blue canton was replaced by a red fimbriation, the intention being that the Cross appear less prominent.
Civil ensign
The civil ensign shows a red field, bordered white and charged with a blank Maltese cross.
Historical flags of Malta
See also
Award of the George Cross to Malta
Coat of arms of Malta
Flags and symbols of Malta
List of flags of Malta
Culture of Malta
Politics of Malta
References
External links
Flags, Symbols and their uses
1964 establishments in Malta
Flags introduced in 1964
National symbols of Malta
National flags
Red and white flags
Malta
Saint George and the Dragon
Henry Langford (by August 1674 – 11 September 1722) was an Irish politician.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of Ireland for St Johnstown, County Donegal in August 1695.
References
17th-century births
1722 deaths
Irish MPs 1695–1699
The 2011 Mid-American Conference football season is the 66th season for the Mid-American Conference (MAC). The season began on Thursday, September 1, with four games: Bowling Green played at Idaho, Central Michigan hosted South Carolina State, Temple hosted #14 (FCS) Villanova, and Toledo hosted #10 (FCS) New Hampshire. The conference's other nine teams began their respective 2011 seasons of NCAA Division I FBS (Football Bowl Subdivision) competition on Saturday, September 3. The first in-conference game was September 10, with Temple hosting Akron.
Previous season
Preseason
Preseason poll
The 2011 MAC Preseason poll results were announced at the Football Media Preview in Detroit on July 26. In the East Division, Miami was picked as champion, while Toledo was picked to win the West Division and the MAC Championship Game.
East Division
Miami - 97 points; 4 first-place votes
Ohio - 96 points; 8 first-place votes
Temple - 88 points; 4 first-place votes
Kent State - 57 points
Bowling Green - 48 points
Buffalo - 37 points
Akron - 25 points
West Division
Toledo - 83 points; 8 first-place votes
NIU - 81 points; 5 first-place votes
Western Michigan - 76 points; 2 first-place votes
Central Michigan - 55 points; 1 first-place vote
Ball State - 27 points
Eastern Michigan - 24 points
MAC Championship
Three votes were not cast for any team.
Toledo - 5 votes
NIU - 3 votes
Miami - 3 votes
Ohio - 1 vote
Western Michigan - 1 vote
Head coaches
East Division
Rob Ianello, Akron (2nd Year)
Dave Clawson, Bowling Green (3rd Year)
Jeff Quinn, Buffalo (2nd Year)
Darrell Hazell, Kent State (1st Year)
Don Treadwell, Miami (1st Year)
Frank Solich, Ohio (7th Year)
Steve Addazio, Temple (1st Year)
West Division
Pete Lembo, Ball State (1st Year)
Dan Enos, Central Michigan (2nd Year)
Ron English, Eastern Michigan (3rd Year)
Dave Doeren, NIU (1st Year)
Tim Beckman, Toledo (3rd Year)
Bill Cubit Western Michigan (7th Year)
Pre-season coaching changes
On November 21, the day after Kent State's seventh loss of the season assured them of a losing record, Doug Martin announced that they would resign at the end of the season. On December 20, Kent State athletic director Joel Nielsen introduced former Ohio State receivers coach Darrell Hazell as the new head coach for the Golden Flashes. Hazell was the first Ohio State assistant coach to leave for a head coaching job in six years; the last was Mark Snyder, who was hired by Marshall in 2004.
On November 23, three days after Ball State concluded its season with a 4-8 record, Ball State athletic director Tom Collins announced the firing of Stan Parrish, saying, "As we evaluated the on-field performance and the football program in its entirety, we decided it was time for a change in direction in the leadership of the program". On December 19, Collins announced that they had hired Pete Lembo, formerly the head coach at Elon.
On December 5, NIU head coach Jerry Kill accepted the position of head coach for the Minnesota Golden Gophers. Their announcement came less than two weeks before the Huskies were scheduled to play in the Humanitarian Bowl. Leaving the team in the manner they did (many teammates learned about their new job via Twitter instead of from Kill himself) dealt an emotional blow to the members of the team; star quarterback Chandler Harnish saying about Kill's departure, "I have a horrible taste in my mouth". Additionally, besides the emotional impact, USA Today noted "The timing of the announcement further hurts the program due to Kill most likely taking the bulk of their staff to Minnesota." On December 9, linebackers coach Tom Matukewicz was announced as the interim head coach for the Huskies bowl game, and on December 13, the university hired Wisconsin Badgers defensive coordinator Dave Doeren as the head coach, to begin after the Humanitarian Bowl.
On December 12, ESPN reported that Al Golden was offered and accepted the head coaching job at the University of Miami. Prior to the 2010 season, provisions requiring bowls to pick teams with seven or more wins if available before picking six-win teams were eliminated from NCAA bylaws, and Temple was the first team go uninvited under the rule change, despite going 8–4 including a win over eventual Big East BCS representative Connecticut. On December 22, a rumor was quickly confirmed that Florida offensive coordinator, and former Florida interim head coach (winter of 2009-2010), Steve Addazio would be the new Temple coach.
On December 16, ESPN reported that Michael Haywood, who had been named the 2010 Mid-American Conference Football Coach of the Year days before, had accepted the head football coaching position at the University of Pittsburgh. Haywood was arrested in South Bend, Indiana on December 31, 2010 on felony domestic violence charges arising from a custody dispute, and was fired by Pittsburgh hours after being released on bond the next morning. Defensive backs coach Lance Guidry will coach Miami University in the 2011 GoDaddy.com Bowl. On December 31, 2010, Miami University hired Michigan State offensive coordinator Don Treadwell as its head coach.
References
Cyperus glaucophyllus is a species of sedge that is endemic to eastern parts of Africa.
The species was first formally described by the botanist Johann Otto Boeckeler in 1888.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
glaucophyllus
Taxa named by Johann Otto Boeckeler
Plants described in 1888
Flora of Zambia
Flora of Uganda
Flora of Tanzania
Flora of South Africa
Flora of Swaziland
Flora of Sudan
Flora of Burundi
Flora of Kenya
Flora of Mozambique
Beli Manastir is a town in eastern Croatia. It is the principal town of the Croatian part of Baranja, located in the Osijek-Baranja County.
Name
The name means "white monastery" in Serbo-Croatian. Originally called Monoštor, the current name was adopted in 1923. It is also known as Pélmonostor in Hungarian, and Manoster in German.
Other names formerly used for the town were: Pél, Bell, and Monostor. All names are connected with monasteries that existed in history at this location. The first monastery was built in the 9th century during the rule of Slavic duke Kocelj but was later razed, and all that remained of it was pil (obelisk in English), hence the later Hungarian name Pél, which was a version of the Slavic word.
History
In the 9th century, this area was part of the Slavic Principality of Lower Pannonia and a Slavic monastery was situated here. The monastery was founded during the visit of Cyril and Methodius, who spread Christianity among Slavs. After Methodius died, their students were expelled and the monastery was razed.
After the arrival of the Hungarians in the 10th century, this area was included in the newly founded Hungarian state and the settlement was built at this locality. The town was first mentioned in 1212 under name Pél. During Hungarian administration, another monastery was built here (in the 13th century), but it was destroyed by the Mongols in 1241. It was later rebuilt, but was again destroyed during the Ottoman conquest in the 16th century. Between 11th and 16th centuries, the area administratively belonged to the Baranya county.
In the 16th–17th century, the area was part of the Ottoman Empire and administratively belonged to the Sanjak of Mohaç. Since the end of the 17th century, the area was part of the Habsburg monarchy and administratively belonged to the Baranya county, which was part of the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary.
Until the end of World War II, the Inhabitants was Danube Swabians, also called locally as Stifolder, because there Ancestors once came around 1720 from Fulda (district). Mostly of the former German Settlers was expelled to Allied-occupied Germany and Allied-occupied Austria in 1945-1948, about the Potsdam Agreement.
Since 1918, the town was part of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes (later renamed to Yugoslavia). From 1918 to 1922, it was part of the Novi Sad county, from 1922 to 1929 part of the Bačka Oblast, and from 1929 to 1941 part of the Danube Banovina. From 1941 to 1944, it was occupied by Hungary and was administratively included into Baranya county. It was returned to Yugoslav control in 1944 and was administratively part of Vojvodina until 1945, when it was transferred to the People's Republic of Croatia.
During the Croatian War of Independence (1991–1995), Beli Manastir was occupied by Serbian paramilitaries and incorporated along with some other towns into the Republic of Serbian Krajina. It was returned to Croatian control after the war, following the short period of UN administration (1996–1998). Beli Manastir is an underdeveloped municipality which is statistically classified as the First Category Area of Special State Concern by the Government of Croatia.
Town of Beli Manastir
Geography
The Town of Beli Manastir is composed of 4 settlements:
Beli Manastir, population 8,049
Branjin Vrh, population 993
Šećerana, population 540
Šumarina, population 486
Demographics
1910
According to the 1910 census, the town had 2,447 inhabitants, of which:
Germans – 1,496 (61.1%)
Serbs – 478 (19.5%)
Hungarians – 443 (18.1%)
Croats – 6 (0.24%)
others – 24 (0.98%)
1929
In 1929 the population was made of:
Hungarians – 33.8%
Germans – 32.6%
Croats – 18.8%
Serbs – 12%
1981
53,409 total
Croats – 19,136 (35.83%)
Serbs – 12,857 (24.07%)
Hungarians – 9,920 (18.57%)
Yugoslavs – 8,850 (16.57%)
Slovenes – 353 (0.66%)
Montenegrins – 276 (0.52%)
Romani – 262 (0.49%)
Muslims – 82 (0.15%)
Albanians – 56 (0.11%)
Macedonians – 45 (0.08%)
2001
The town had a population of 8,671, while total municipality population was 10,986. Ethnic composition of Beli Manastir municipality by 2001 census was:
Croats = 6,085 (55.39%)
Serbs = 2,920 (26.58%)
Hungarians = 933 (8.49%)
Romani = 153 (1.39%)
Germans = 122 (1.11%)
Buildings and structures
In 1966, a broadcasting mast standing 202 metres high was erected.
Economy
Beli Manastir is home to the STARCO Beli steel wheel factory.
Beli Manastir (settlement)
Parts of settlement (hamlets)
Beli Manastir, Beli Manastir-Planina, Haljevo and Palača. Till 1991. part of settlement was also Sudaraž which is now independent settlement.
Population
Ethnic composition, 1991. census
Austria-Hungary 1910. census
In 1910. census together with settlement Sudaraž.
See also
Osijek-Baranja County
Baranya
Baranya County (former)
References
Literature
Book: "Narodnosni i vjerski sastav stanovništva Hrvatske, 1880–1991: po naseljima, autor: Jakov Gelo, izdavač: Državni zavod za statistiku Republike Hrvatske, 1998., , ;
External links
Croatia struggles for post-war harmony
Theater of Beli Manastir
Cities and towns in Croatia
Populated places in Osijek-Baranja County
Baranya (region)
Municipalities of Croatia
1212 establishments in Europe
13th-century establishments in Croatia
was the 6th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Shinano-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Naoharu was the second son of Mizoguchi Shigemoto and was born in Shibata. They were received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi in 1694 and became daimyō in 1719 on the death of their father. In 1724, they were entrusted with the administration of 43,000 koku of tenryō lands in Echigo Province, and another 20,000 koku in 1729. Despite this addition income, the domain was unable to free itself from debt due to repeated flood disasters, and was forced to terminate the employment of some low-level samurai and to reduce the stipends of others. Naoharu died in Edo in 1732 at the age of 23. Their grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Naoharu was engaged to a daughter of Sakakibara Masakuni of Himeji Domain, but fell ill before the marriage was finalized and the engagement was cancelled. As they died without heir, the domain quickly adopted Kamenosuke, the son of a hatamoto cadet branch of the clan as heir.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1708 births
1732 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
The International Network of Genocide Scholars (INoGS) is a non-profit and non-partisan organization dedicated to fostering scholarly multi-disciplinary exchange and academic debate in the field of genocide studies.
The INoGS was founded on 14 January 2005 in Berlin. INoGS is open to researchers, teachers and students from all academic disciplines working on genocide and mass violence, and has worked closely with academic institutions such as the Centre for the Study of Genocide and Mass Violence.
Since 2005, the Journal of Genocide Research is the official journal of the INoGS. The INoGS regularly organizes and sponsors international conferences and workshops on the subject of genocide studies.
Executive committee
Elisabeth Hope Murray, Embry-Riddle University in the USA, President
Mohamed Adhikari, University of Cape Town vice-president.
Raz Segal, Stockton University USA, Executive Secretary
Rachel E. McGinnis Rochester Institute of Technology USA, vice executive secretary.
References
External links
Official website
Journal of Genocide Research
Genocide research and prevention organisations
Non-profit organisations based in Berlin
International learned societies
Organizations established in 2005
Joshua Jackson "Josh" Cohen (born May 31, 1973) is an American Democratic politician and former mayor of Annapolis, Maryland. Cohen, a Democrat, gained 46.5 percent of the vote to defeat Republican nominee David Cordle (40.5 percent) and independent candidate Chris Fox (13 percent) in the 2009 mayoral election. Cohen, who served previously on the Anne Arundel County Council (District 6) and the Annapolis City Council (Ward 8), succeeded Ellen Moyer as Annapolis' chief executive on Dec. 7, 2009.
Early life and education
A lifelong Annapolitan, Cohen was born on May 31, 1973 in Annapolis, Maryland, and grew up in the Murray Hill neighborhood and graduated from the Key School. They briefly attended college at the New Mexico campus of St. John's College, transferring to Towson University and then attending the University of Maryland. During college they interned at the Maryland General Assembly for Senator William H. Amoss, and on Capitol Hill for U.S. Senator Barbara Mikulski. In 1995 they graduated from the University of Maryland, College Park with a bachelor's degree in economics. They have also completed some graduate studies at the University of Baltimore.
Career
After graduating from college, Cohen returned to the Annapolis neighborhood of Eastport and took an active role in the community. In 1997, they ran unopposed for the Ward 8 seat on the Annapolis Democratic Central Committee, and served from 1997 to 1999 as its chair. In 2001, they were elected to represent Eastport (Ward 8) as an alderman on the city council. They won re-election in 2005 by the largest margin of any candidate that year in Annapolis. Then in 2006, Cohen won election to represent the Annapolis Neck Peninsula (District 6) on the Anne Arundel County Council, claiming the seat left vacant by two-term Democrat Barbara D. Samorajczyk.
Before their election as mayor, Cohen worked in the criminal justice field for eight years. They served as a trainer for the Maryland Police and Correctional Training Commissions, as a Maryland Parole and Probation Agent, and as the Director of Special Grants for the Maryland Crime Victims' Resource Center, Inc.
Election of 2009
In the Democratic Mayoral Primary on September 15, 2009, Cohen received 1,334 votes to come in second out of six candidates. The winner, Zina Pierre, received 1,461 votes. Questions arose suddenly after their election win over Cohen regarding their actual residency and after it was determined that they lived in nearby Bowie to care for an ailing mother, they declined the nomination. The Annapolis Democratic Central Committee then convened and appointed Cohen as the Democratic nominee, and they went on to win the General Election with 46.5 percent of the vote in a three-way race with the other 2 conservative candidates splitting the remaining 54%.
Mayor-elect status
After the election, Cohen created a wide-ranging transition team that they referred to as the "Idea Team," a group of more than 80 people representing a cross-section of interests, expertise and views on key issues weighing the city. Those issues included transportation, the budget and Market House. Cohen's eight subcommittees consisted of both supporters and critics. Candidates who ran against him, such as Cordle and Democrat Zina Pierre, were named to leadership positions on the team.
The Idea Team was expected to release a full report to Cohen in January 2010, and its recommendations were expected to guide decisions for the new administration and city council.
A few days before they were to take office, Cohen announced a six-member group that would serve as their core administration team. They named Doug Smith, the former president of the Ward One Residents Association who endorsed Cordle in the general election over Cohen, as their chief administrative officer (CAO).
In Cohen's Inaugural Address on Dec. 7, 2009 they set forth a goal of making Annapolis "the best run city in Maryland" and identified three guiding principles for their administration: effective, efficient and transparent governance.
Family
Cohen grew up in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Annapolis, the youngest of three children to Sandra and Joseph Cohen. In 2002, they married Lesley Donoho. The couple live in the West Annapolis neighborhood with their two daughters.
Electoral history
Notes
External links
City of Annapolis official Mayor's webpage
MayorCohen.com (Mayor's blog)
Josh Cohen Official Campaign Site
Maryland Crime Victims' Resource Center, Inc.
Living people
1973 births
Mayors of Annapolis, Maryland
Annapolis City Council members
University of Maryland, College Park alumni
Maryland Democrats
Danilevich is the East-Slavic language variant of the Polish-language surname Danilewicz originated in the noble Danielewicz family.
Notable people with the surname include:
Vladimir Danilevich (1924–2001), Soviet and Russian animator
East Slavic-language surnames
The Palacio Legislativo Federal (Federal Legislative Palace) was a never-completed building for the legislative bodies of the Mexican Federal Republic.
History
By the end of the 19th century, the government of President Porfirio Díaz, decided the congress needed an emblematic and proud building to house the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. Inspired by the Reichstag building of the German Empire, the administration called for an international competition in which several famous architects of Europe and Mexico participated. Despite declaring a winner, the government decided to appoint a new architect to draw a completely new design.
The final project is a creation by Émile Bénard. When the Mexican Revolution broke out in 1910, the new president, Francisco I. Madero, changed the building's functions and name to Palacio de los Tres Poderes (Palace of the Three Powers) to be the offices of not only the legislative, but also the executive and judicial powers of the republic.
Post-Revolution
The chaos of the revolution deflected attention and resources away from the project, and only the foundations and the iron structure were completed. The building remained standing and rusting until the 1930s when it was finally decided to destroy the erected structure. However, the cupola was saved and turned into the Monument of the Revolution by Carlos Obregón Santacilia, and the massive structure stands today as a mausoleum to the heroes of the Mexican Revolution.
References
Palaces in Mexico
Unfinished buildings and structures
"The Peasant's Wise Daughter", "The Peasant's Clever Daughter" or "The Clever Lass" is a German fairy tale collected by the Brothers Grimm in Grimm's Fairy Tales as tale number 94. It has also spread into Bohemia and Božena Němcová included it into their collection of Czech national folk tales in 1846.
It is Aarne-Thompson type 875 ("The Clever Farmgirl"). This type of tale is the commonest European tale dealing with witty exchanges.
Origin
The Brothers Grimm published this tale in the second volume of the first edition of Kinder- und Hausmärchen in 1815. Their informant was Dorothea Viehmann.
Synopsis
A peasant begged some land from the king. When they and their daughter dug the field, they found a mortar made of gold. The daughter warned that if they gave it to the king for their kindness, they would ask for the pestle as well; the father gave it nonetheless, and the king asked for the pestle and put them in prison until they got it. The peasant lamented their folly in not listening to their daughter. The king had them brought before them again, and asked what they meant. The peasant explained.
The king summoned the daughter and set their riddle: to come to them neither naked nor clothed, neither walking nor riding, neither on the road nor off it. If they guessed it, they had proved their cleverness and would marry him. They wrapped themselves in fish net, and tied it to a donkey's tail so that it had to drag them along, and they kept only one toe touching the ground. The king agreed that they had guessed the riddle; they freed their father and married them
Some years later, a mare gave birth to a foal that ran off and lay down under an ox. Both the peasant who owned the mare and the one who owned the ox claimed it; the king said it belonged where it was found. The peasant who owned the mare went to the queen for help. They told them to take a fishing net and pretend to fish on dry land where the king would see; when the king said it was impossible, they were to say it was no more impossible than oxen giving birth to foals. The peasant did so, and the king gave them the foal but got from them that the queen had given them the advice. They sent the queen back to their father, saying they could take only one thing, what they valued most, from the castle. The queen gave them a sleeping draught and took them back to their father's house. When they woke, they told them that they were what they valued most in the castle; they took them back with them to the castle and once again recognized them as their wife.
Motifs and variants
Antiquity and distribution
Joseph Jacobs point in their Europa's Fairy Book that the tale has many parallels across Europe and Asia.
Ulrich Marzolph and Richard van Leewen comment that the motif of the clever maiden who answers the prince's riddles is ancient enough to be present in the Mahabharata and in narratives of the Jatakas.
The story of a poor maiden's cleverness can be found in Norse mythology and Viking legend of Aslaug and Ragnar Lodbrok, specially the riddle of coming "not dressed, yet not undressed".
Folklorist Stith Thompson argued for a Central European source for the ATU 875 type.
Continental variants
Scholars Johannes Bolte and Jiri Polívka listed several variants from across the globe in their seminal work on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale collection.
Italy
Variants have been registered in Italian scholarship, as noted by Jack Zipes; for instance, by Laura Gonzenbach. A version from Abruzzi (The Clever Girl) begins with an old lady blessing the newborn peasant girl with "beauty and wit", but otherwise remains a realistic tale.
A scholarly inquiry by Italian Istituto centrale per i beni sonori ed audiovisivi ("Central Institute of Sound and Audiovisual Heritage"), produced in the late 1960s and early 1970s, found thirty variants of the tale across Italian sources.
Spain
In a variant from Mallorca, Das Märchen des Bockes (Sa Rondaya des Boch), the king inquires the girl's parents about the maiden's cleverness.
Ireland
Irish folklorist Patrick Kennedy listed The Poor Girl that became a Queen as another variant.
Scotland
A Scottish variant titled Diarmaid and Grainne was collected by Joseph Campbell in Popular Tales of the West Highlands.
Eastern Europe
Professor Andrejev noted that the tale type 875, "The Clever Peasant Girl", was one of "the most populär" of the Novella or Realistic Tales "in the Ukrainian repertoire", with 20 variants, in contrast to 11 variants from Russia (but still considered to be "among the most widespread [novella] types" in Russia).
A Serbian variant is attested (The Maiden who was Wiser than the King), but it differs from the usual plot: instead of the golden mortar and the dispute about the foal, the peasant girl and the king try to outsmart each other with counter-riddles.
A Russian variant ("The Sage Damsel") subverts the traditional ending: the wise and humble maiden helps a peasant simpleton with a good heart, and chooses them over the king.
In another Slavic variant, "Clever Manka: The Story of a Girl Who Knew What to Say", at the end of the tale, the burgomaster begins to consult with their clever wife for the problems that are brought to him.
French author Edouard Laboulaye translated a Croatian variant titled A Female Solomon in their book Last Fairy Tales.
Slovenian variants of the tale type attest the presence of the legendary King Matjaž (King Matthias), of Slovenian folklore.
Lithuania
Folklorist Jonas Balys (lt), in their 1936 publication on Lithuanian folktales, reported 41 variants of tale type Gudri ūkininko duktė. A later analysis by professor Bronislava Kerbelytė registered 165 variants, under the banner The Clever Farmgirl, with and without contamination from other tale types.
Scandinavia
A Swedish variant was collected by August Bondeson, from Södermanland, with the title Den kloka torparedottern.<ref>Bondeson, August. Svenska Folksagor Från Skilda Landskap. Stockholm: F. Skoglund, 1882. pp. 226-228.</ref>
Middle East
Ulrich Marzolph and Richard van Leewven list The Chick-pea Seller's Daughter, from The Arabian Nights, as a variant of the story.
Inea Bushnaq's Arab Folktales includes a variant, "The Clever Minister's Daughter".
Americas
Professor Ernest Warren Baughman lists American variants in North Carolina and Kentucky. Variants have also been collected in Mississippi.
Other versions
The motif of a girl's cleverness used to rebuff the advances of an unwanted magical suitor happens in traditional English and Scottish Child Ballads nr. 1 (Riddles Wisely Expounded) and nr. 2 (The Elfin Knight).
There are variants in which it is a male that defies the king with their cleverness, such as a tale from Saint Martin, collected by anthropologist Elsie Clews Parsons.
See also
What Is the Fastest Thing in the World?
The Wise Little GirlDie Kluge (Märchenoper by Carl Orff)
References
Bibliography
Bolte, Johannes; Polívka, Jiri. Anmerkungen zu den Kinder- u. hausmärchen der brüder Grimm. Zweiter Band (NR. 61-120). Germany, Leipzig: Dieterich'sche Verlagsbuchhandlung. 1913. pp. 349–373.
Haase, Donald. The Greenwood Encyclopedia of Folktales and Fairy Tales: A-F. Greenwood Publishing Group. 2007. p. 353.
Haase, Donald. The Greenwood Encyclopedia of Folktales and Fairy Tales: G-P. Greenwood Publishing Group. 2008. p. 732.
Jacobs, Joseph. European Folk and Fairy Tales''. New York, London: G. P. Putnam's sons. 1916. pp. 256-259.
Further reading
Hamilton, Mary. "The Farmer's Smart Daughter." In Kentucky Folktales: Revealing Stories, Truths, and Outright Lies, 106-12. University Press of Kentucky, 2012. www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt2jcmg2.20.
Tawney, C. H. "A Folk-Tale Parallel." Journal of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland, 1909, 757-59. www.jstor.org/stable/25189580.
External links
https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Grimm%27s_Household_Tales,_Volume_2/The_Peasant%27s_Wise_Daughter
Grimms' Fairy Tales
Fictional queens
Female characters in fairy tales
Czech fairy tales
ATU 850-999
This is a list of Mesoamerican rulers of the altepetl of Tetzcoco from the time the city began being ruled by tlatoque in 1298 to the end of the line of indigenous rulers. From the early 15th century to 1521, Tetzcoco was one of the three leading members of the Triple Alliance, commonly known as the Aztec Empire, but was often subservient to the rulers of Tenochtitlan. The Aztec Empire was conquered by Spain in 1521, but the Spanish colonial authorities continued to appoint tlatoque of Tetzcoco until the office was abolished in 1564.
Pre-colonial rulers (1298–1521)
Early Tetzcoco (1298–1431)
The tlatoque of Tetzcoco were descendants and successors of earlier tlatoque of the Chichimeca, succeeding Xolotl (1172–1232), Nopaltzin (1232–1263) and Tlotzin (1263–1298).
In the Triple Alliance (1431–1521)
Colonial period (1521–1564)
The line of tlatoque continued in Tetzococo after the Spanish conquest. Adept at navigating the new Spanish colonial governing system and adapting to changing circumstances, many of the nobles of Tetzcoco, including the tlatoque, came through the cataclysmic downfall of the Aztec Empire in a stronger position than they had been previously. Allowing the nobility of Tetzcoco to continue to appoint local rulers of the same pre-colonial dynasty was also beneficial for the Spaniards, who utilized their legitimacy to ensure the delivery of tribute and political subordination.
The state of affairs in Tetzcoco after the death of Ihuian in 1564 is unclear given that few surviving sources discuss local politics during this time. It seems that the position of tlatoani was left vacant due to interfamilial conflict in regard to who was to be the next ruler, which in turn led to the office being entirely replaced by the Spanish-appointed governors of the city.
See also
The other leaders of the Triple Alliance:
List of rulers of Tenochtitlan
List of rulers of Tlacopan
History of the Aztecs
References
Bibliography
Texcoco
Texcoco
Rulers
Texcoco
Mad Mel (born c.1945 as Mel Potts, later changed to Mel Happy) is a Canadian-born Australian former disc jockey. They were part of the Good Guys team at radio station 2SM in Sydney.
Career
In the early 1960s, Mel and their friend Rob McAdams started a local radio station (KITN) in Victoria, British Columbia. They bought air time from KONP in Port Angeles, Washington and broadcast via a telephone line from a local Victoria store from 4 pm to 8 pm on Monday to Friday, selling advertising to local merchants.
In 1963 Sydney radio station 2SM was relaunched as a Top 40 station featuring Australia's first team of disc jockeys, known as "The Good Guys". Mel was recruited to present the 10 pm to midnight slot. They portrayed a zany character with alter-egos like "Granny Scoopshovel"; the opening soundtrack had them released from a cage to start the program.
When The Beatles toured Australia in 1964, Mel asked their listeners to contribute to a Beatles gift of a woollen scarf. Over 11,000 pieces were received from as far as Tasmania and Fiji. Schoolgirls joined the pieces together in the 2SM foyer, the resulting scarf being over 10 metres long. To present the scarf, Mel hid at the Sheraton Hotel and surprised Paul McCartney in the corridor whereupon Mel was invited into The Beatles sanctum. The scarf was too big for The Beatles to take back to England so Mel kept it. It has been valued at up to $10,000. The scarf was put up for auction through Christie's in 2009.
Mel subsequently befriended members of The Beatles and recorded banter with them for broadcast on their program.
In 1965 Mel moved to CFUN in Vancouver, presenting from 6 pm to 9 pm Monday to Friday, and 4 pm to 9 pm on Saturday. Coincidentally, CFUN was also using the Good Guys format at that time, although Mel was known as the "Bad Guy".
In 1969, 2SM program manager Rod Muir relaunched the Good Guys format and brought Mad Mel back to the station. Mel promoted a number of events including the Mad Mel Big Stir, a concert under the Sydney Harbour Bridge featuring Tamam Shud and other bands.
Mad Mel attempted a comeback in the 1980s on 2WS with additional material written by Vic Davies.
It is believed that Mad Mel still lives in Sydney.
References
1940s births
Living people
Canadian radio personalities
Australian radio personalities
Canadian emigrants to Australia
Kuo Ching-ch'iu (; 1911 – April 25, 1999), also known as Helena Kuo, was a Chinese-American writer and translator.
They were born in Macao and was educated at Lingnan University and Shanghai University. They worked for the Shanghai Evening News and other Chinese newspapers during the 1930s. When Japan invaded China in 1937, Kuo escaped to England, where they became a columnist for the London Daily Mail. In 1939, they moved to the United States. Kuo married the painter Dong Kingman in 1956.
Kuo worked as a translator for the Voice of America and the United States Information Agency. They were an adviser for the 1943 movie China. They also translated two novels by Lao She: The Quest for Love of Lao Lee (1948) and The Drum Singer (1952).
They died in hospital in Taipei at the age of 86; they were in Taiwan to attend a reception for their husband at the Taiwan Museum of Art.
Selected works
Peach Path, collected essays (1940)
I've Come a Long Way, autobiography (1942)
Westward to Chungking, novel (1944)
Giants of China, biographical sketches (1944)
Doug Kingman's Watercolours, non-fiction (1952)
References
1911 births
1999 deaths
Republic of China journalists
Macanese people
Chinese emigrants to the United States
The 1914–15 Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey season was the 18th season of play for the program.
Season
With Hobey Baker now graduated, there was an open question as to which was the leading team in college hockey. After a subpar end to their season, Harvard had ample reason to reclaim the intercollegiate championship.
The Crimson began the year with a convincing 6–2 win over MIT, scoring the first six goals and using the remainder of the game to ease their alternates into game action. The team lost a match against the Boston Athletic Association before pausing for the winter break.
Harvard lost their first game back but recovered a few days later with a dominant performance against Cornell. The first big test for the team was against defending champion Princeton, but the Tigers were missing far too many players from the previous year to put up much of a fight. With Harvard sailing towards a championship they were shocked in their very next game by Dartmouth. Without a second game against the Greens, Harvard could only hope that Dartmouth would lose to keep the championship dreams alive.
A sterling performance from Wylde allowed Harvard to complete the season sweep of Princeton. A week later the Elis came to town and Harvard once more proved the better team. After a shutout of Mass. Agg. Harvard was stymied by McGill, as they had been the year before, but the ensuing 9–1 win over Williams demonstrated that the Crimson was still atop their game.
Harvard has an eleven day layoff leading to their rematch with Yale, and the game could scarce have meant more. Harvard was one win away from the IHL championship and, because of the Bulldogs' win over Dartmouth at the beginning of the month, the Crimson could finish with a 3-way split for the collegiate championship as well. Harvard's defense proved stout once more as the Crimson skated to a 3–1 win capturing the season series.
With Harvard, Dartmouth and Yale having defeated one another during the season, none had a solid claim for the Intercollegiate championship. A playoff was suggested to determine the sole champion between the three, however, Harvard disbanded their team shortly after defeating Yale with the expectation that the team would claim the championship.
Roster
Standings
Schedule and Results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
References
Harvard Crimson men's ice hockey seasons
Harvard Crimson
Harvard Crimson
1914 in sports in Massachusetts
1915 in sports in Massachusetts
The women's team pursuit in the 2010–11 ISU Speed Skating World Cup was contested over three races on three occasions, out of a total of eight World Cup occasions for the season, with the first occasion involving the distance taking place in Berlin, Germany, on 19–21 November 2010, and the final occasion involving the distance taking place in Moscow, Russia, on 4–6 March 2011.
The Netherlands won the cup, while Germany came second, and Norway came third. The defending champions, Canada, came fifth.
Top three
Race medallists
Standings
Standings as of 6 March 2011 (end of the season).
References
Women team pursuit
ISU
Harichandra is a 1968 Indian Tamil-language Hindu mythological film, directed by K. S. Prakash Rao and produced by G. Varalakshmi. The film stars Sivaji Ganesan, G. Varalakshmi, T. S. Balaiah and K. A. Thangavelu in lead roles. The film had musical score by K. V. Mahadevan.
Plot
Harichandra has never lied to anyone in their life. Viswamithran challenges Rishi that they will make Harichandra to lie. Viswamithran tries various methods to make Harichandra suffer. Harichandra even sells their wife and themselves to keep up their words till the end.
Cast
Cast according to the opening credits and the songbook:
Male cast
Sivaji Ganesan as Harichandra Maharaja
T. S. Balaiah as Veerabaghu
K. A. Thangavelu as Nachandra Iyer
M. N. Nambiar as Vishvamitran
V. K. Ramasamy as Kalakandan
O. A. K. Thevar as Kasiraja
M. K. Mustafa as Minister
Ajith Singh as Indran
S. Rama Rao as Vishvamitran's disciple
Master Anandan as Logidas
R. Subbaraman as Hunter
M. Balraj as Shivan
Jothi Shanmugam
Female cast
G. Varalakshmi as Chandramathi
T. P. Muthulakshmi as Kalakandi
Mohana as Veerabaghu's Wife
Sarala Devi as Parvathi
Kanagasri
Dance
E. V. Saroja
Kusalakumari
Gopi Krishna
Sasi
Soundtrack
Music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan and the lyrics were penned by Thanjai N. Ramaiah Dass & Udhayakumar.
References
External links
1960s Tamil-language films
1968 films
Films directed by K. S. Prakash Rao
Films scored by K. V. Mahadevan
Masonic Temple Building may refer to:
Masonic Temple Building (Denver, Colorado), listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in Colorado
Masonic Temple Building (Maywood, Illinois), listed on the NRHP in Illinois
Masonic Temple Building (Oak Park, Illinois), listed on the NRHP in Illinois
Masonic Temple Building (Stuart, Iowa), listed on the NRHP in Iowa
Masonic Temple Building (Cadillac, Michigan), listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Masonic Temple Building (East Lansing, Michigan), listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Masonic Temple Building (Kalamazoo, Michigan), listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Masonic Temple Building (Lansing, Michigan), listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Masonic Temple Building (Marshall, Michigan), listed on the NRHP in Michigan
Masonic Temple Building, Blount Street (Raleigh, North Carolina), listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Masonic Temple Building, Fayetteville Street (Raleigh, North Carolina), listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Masonic Temple Building (Shelby, North Carolina), listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Masonic Temple Building (Vermilion, Ohio), listed on the NRHP in Ohio
Masonic Temple Building (Zanesville, Ohio), listed on the NRHP in Ohio
Masonic Temple Building (Viroqua, Wisconsin), listed on the NRHP in Wisconsin
Masonic Temple Building (Tacoma, Washington)
See also
List of Masonic buildings
List of Masonic buildings in the United States
Masonic Hall (disambiguation)
Masonic Temple (disambiguation)
Masonic Building (disambiguation)
Motovilci ( or ; , Prekmurje Slovene: Motovöuci) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Motovilci on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Grad
Behold the Spirit: A Study in the Necessity of Mystical Religion, a book by Alan Watts (1915–1973), was first published in 1947 by John Murray Publishers (London). This book is a reworking of Watts' Episcopal divinity degree thesis. Its importance lies partly in its exposition of Watts' earliest attempt to reconcile traditional Anglican theology with a mystical, Buddhist based approach, but also as a personal expression of the mystical experience.
At the time of their appointment as the Episcopal chaplain at Northwestern University in 1944 they were said to be "wildly popular on campus, and their books were received in progressive religious circles as challenging and compelling." This book is the most extensive example of their early effort to find a non-dualistic interpretation of Anglican theology in terms of The Perennial Philosophy as expounded in Aldous Huxley's 1945 book of that name and later made popular in the talks of Joseph Campbell.
References
1947 non-fiction books
Anglicanism
Books about religion
Books by Alan Watts
The Grand Opera House is a theatre in York, England. It is located on Clifford Street and Cumberland Street in the city centre.
The theatre is operated as part of the Ambassador Theatre Group. It plays host to touring productions of plays, musicals, opera and ballet, one-off performances by comedians, and other theatrical and musical events. The theatre has been designated a Grade II listed building by English Heritage.
Origins
The Grand Opera House was not built as a theatre. It was a conversion of two buildings, one a warehouse, the other a corn exchange designed by G. A. Dean in 1868. The architect, Mr J. P. Briggs of London, was commissioned to perform the conversion, which took three months and cost £24,000. The theatre opened as the Grand Theatre and Opera House on 20 January 1902 with a performance of a pantomime (Little Red Riding Hood), starring Florrie Forde.
History
17 July 1902: the first public performances of films in York. Professor Herbert's animated pictures displayed in their 'Biograph Box'. The showing of films at the venue became a permanent feature from 1903-1916.
1903: the theatre was renamed as the Opera House and Empire Theatre. This was an economic move to attract a mass audience, as smoking was not permitted in high-class theatres but was in music hall type venues; smoking was very fashionable at this time.
1909: a major redecoration of the building was undertaken.
1916: the theatre was now known as the Empire Theatre.
1956: closed "... by the crippling Entertainment Tax."
1958: Ernest Shepherd of the Shambles bought the theatre, now called the S. S. Empire [Shepherd of Shambles]. The stage and the rake to the stalls floor were removed to give a level surface for roller skating, bingo and wrestling bouts. The theatre remained in this configuration until 1985 when it closed for business.
1987: the property was purchased by the India Pru Company Ltd. who renovated the building and restored the decor to its 1909 Art Nouveau style.
26 September 1989: the theatre reopened as the Grand Opera House with a performance of Macbeth. After two years with mounting debts the theatre suddenly closed without warning.
26 February 1993: the theatre reopened again, retaining the name of the Grand Opera House.
3 November 2009: the theatre is acquired by Ambassador Theatre Group as part of the Live Nation Deal
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Theatres Trust description
York History description
1902 establishments in England
Commercial buildings completed in 1868
Grade II listed buildings in York
Grade II listed theatres
Theatres in York
Art Nouveau architecture in England
Dynoides dentisinus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
dentisinus
Solyanka (, initially селя́нка; in English "Settlers' Soup") is a thick and sour soup of Russian origin that is common in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, and other states of the former Soviet Union and certain parts of the former Eastern Bloc. It was one of the most popular dishes of the former East Germany ().
Overview
There are three basic types of solyanka, with the main ingredient being either meat, fish, or mushrooms. All of them contain pickled cucumbers with brine, and often cabbage, salted mushrooms, potatoes, smetana (sour cream), and dill. The soup is prepared by cooking the cucumbers with brine before adding the other ingredients to the broth.
For meat solyanka, ingredients like beef, ham, sausages, chicken breast together with cucumber pickles, tomatoes, onions, olives, capers, allspice, parsley, and dill are all cut fine and mixed in a pot. The broth is added, and heated for a short time on the stove, without boiling.
Fish solyanka is prepared similarly, but soup vegetables are cooked in the broth. The meat is replaced with fish such as sturgeon, salmon, and freshwater crayfish. Finally, some lemon juice is added to the soup.
For mushroom solyanka, cut cabbage is heated in butter together with vinegar, tomatoes, cucumber pickles, and a little brine. Separately, mushrooms and onions are heated, and grated lemon zest is added. Cabbage and mushrooms are added in layers, breadcrumbs and butter are added, and the soup is briefly baked.
Solyanka is also popular in the former East Germany (the current German states of Brandenburg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt, and Thuringia, along with the eastern half of Berlin), where it is commonly found in restaurants and available in canned form in grocery stores. (The German transliteration is Soljanka.) This practice stems from the era when Soviet troops were stationed in the GDR, and Soljanka was found on the menu at many East German restaurants. The former German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who was raised in East Germany, is fond of Solyanka.
See also
Borshch
Rassolnik
Shchi
List of Russian dishes
List of soups
References
Russian soups
Soviet cuisine
Latvian cuisine
Ukrainian cuisine
German cuisine
Sam's Throne is a hard sandstone rock climbing area in the Boston Mountains of north central Arkansas, in the Ozark - St. Francis National Forest. Among its attractions for serious rock climbers is the Chickenhead Wall formation.
The area is extensively described in the guide "Arkansas Rock" Volume 1 by Clay Frisbie (Boston Mountain Press).
The surrounding area contains over 100 named climbing routes of various difficulty, and is serviced by a paved Forest Service Road from the town of Mount Judea.
References
Protected areas of Newton County, Arkansas
Climbing areas of the United States
Ozark–St. Francis National Forest
Cutthroat Peak is an 8,050-foot-elevation (2,450-meter) granitic mountain located on the boundary of Chelan County and Skagit County, in Washington state. The mountain is part of the Okanagan Range which is a subset of the Cascade Range, and is situated within the Okanogan-Wenatchee National Forest. Cutthroat Peak is about two miles west of Washington Pass and one mile east of Rainy Pass. It's a prominent landmark along the North Cascades Highway with an accessible climbing route (South Buttress ). There is also a Cutthroat Lake, Cutthroat Creek, and Cutthroat Pass on its north and east aspects. This geographical feature's name was officially adopted in 1988 by the United States Board on Geographic Names. Molar Tooth is a granite pillar half a mile north on the ridge extending to Cutthroat Pass.
Climate
Cutthroat Peak is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach the North Cascades, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the North Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. Due to its temperate climate and proximity to the Pacific Ocean, areas west of the Cascade Crest very rarely experience temperatures below or above . During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but, due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. Because of maritime influence, snow tends to be wet and heavy, resulting in high avalanche danger.
Geology
The North Cascades features some of the most rugged topography in the Cascade Range with craggy peaks, ridges, and deep glacial valleys. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to the various climate differences. These climate differences lead to vegetation variety defining the ecoregions in this area.
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity persisted. In addition, small fragments of the oceanic and continental lithosphere called terranes created the North Cascades about 50 million years ago.
During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured the landscape leaving deposits of rock debris. The "U"-shaped cross-section of the river valleys are a result of recent glaciation. Uplift and faulting in combination with glaciation have been the dominant processes which have created the tall peaks and deep valleys of the North Cascades area.
Gallery
See also
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Cutthroat Peak weather: Mountain Forecast
Mountains of Washington (state)
Mountains of Chelan County, Washington
North Cascades
North Cascades of Washington (state)
Cascade Range
North American 2000 m summits
Thomas Aquinas Maguire is an author and illustrator of children's picture books. Their first book A Growling Place was published by Simply Read Books in August 2007. Their second release from Simply Read Books Three Little Dreams is a collection of three fold-out books, it was released in the summer of 2010. In 2011 Simply Read Books released Maguires' third picture book The Wild Swan.
Books
A Growling Place, Simply Read books, 2007.
A traditional storybook about a girl who rescues a stuffed bear. The book features a simplified chapter system. The table of contents shows the color-coded chapter names and the chapter names appear directly in the text of the book as the story is told.
Three Little Dreams, Simply Read books, 2010.
This is Maguires first attempt to create stories as single long images. This storytelling technique is taken to an extreme in "The Wild Swans". Three Little Dreams is a box set of three small unfolding books; each book represents a dream that unfolds to about 3 feet in length.
Of Night and of Flight
Of Dragons and Drowse
Of Sleep and of Sheep
The Wild Swans, Simply Read books, 2011.
A fully illustrated edition of the classic Hans Christian Andersen story. The book is told in one single long image that measures 6.5 inches tall and unfolds to over 60 feet wide. The book is packaged in a box that also includes a small booklet with the original Andersen story.
Awards
2nd place in The 26th Annual Awards for Excellence in Book Design in Canada by the Alcuin Society for A Growling Place
External links
Author Website
A Growling Place Website
Three Little Dreams Website
CCBC Article on Alcuin Awards
Alcuin Society webpage
CM Magazine Review for A Growling Place
BBIC Review for A Growling Place
CLS Author Interview
RW Author Interview
RIT Author Interview
CM Review for Three Little Dreams
Seattle PI Review of Wild Swans
Living people
American children's writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brevista zherichini is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Brevista.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Nieledew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 1,700.
References
Nieledew
Ahmadiyya is a messianic and revivalist movement within Islam.
Ahmadiyya may also refer to:
Ahmadiyya Caliphate
Ahmadiyya school (disambiguation)
See also
Ahmadiyeh (disambiguation)
Group F of the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament was one of the seven groups to decide the teams which qualified for the 2015 Africa Cup of Nations finals tournament. Group F consisted of four teams: Cape Verde, Zambia, Mozambique, and Niger, who played against each other home-and-away in a round-robin format.
Standings
Matches
Goalscorers
Discipline
Notes
References
External links
Orange Africa Cup Of Nations Qualifiers, CAFonline.com
Group F
The 1907–08 Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball team represented Niagara University during the 1907–08 college men's basketball season. The head coach was Jack Reed, coaching their second season with the Purple Eagles.
Schedule
|-
References
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball seasons
Niagara
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
Niagara Purple Eagles men's basketball
The 1955 Auburn Tigers football team represented Auburn University in the 1955 college football season. It was the Tigers' 64th overall and 23rd season as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). The team was led by head coach Ralph "Shug" Jordan, in their fifth year, and played their home games at Cliff Hare Stadium in Auburn and Legion Field in Birmingham, Alabama. They finished with a record of eight wins, two losses and one tie (8–2–1 overall, 5–2–1 in the SEC) and with a loss to Vanderbilt in the Gator Bowl.
Schedule
Source: 1955 Auburn football schedule
References
Auburn
Auburn Tigers football seasons
Auburn Tigers football
Kímmapiiyipitssini: The Meaning of Empathy is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Elle-Máijá Tailfeathers and released in 2021. The film centres on the opioid crisis, and its effects on Tailfeathers' home Kainai Nation community in Alberta.
The film premiered at the 2021 Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival, where it was named one of five winners of the Rogers Audience Award. It was subsequently screened at the DOXA Documentary Film Festival, where Tailfeathers won the Colin Low Award for Best Canadian Director.
At the 2021 Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival, it was cowinner, alongside Franz Böhm's film Dear Future Children, of the Inspiring Voices and Perspectives award.
It was a nominee for the DGC Discovery Award at the 2021 Directors Guild of Canada awards. The film won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Feature Length Documentary, and was nominated for Best Cinematography in a Documentary (Patrick McLaughlin) and Best Editing in a Documentary (Hans Olson), at the 10th Canadian Screen Awards in 2022.
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
Canadian documentary films
Films shot in Alberta
Documentary films about First Nations
Documentary films about drug addiction
Best Documentary Film Genie and Canadian Screen Award winners
2020s Canadian films
Milton Lazarus (1898 or 1899 – March 1, 1955) was an American playwright and screenwriter. They began their career as a Press Agent before pursuing a career as a writer. They wrote the book for the Broadway musicals Shoot the Works (1931), New Faces of 1936 (1936), and Song of Norway (1944). Several of their stage plays were also mounted on Broadway, including Whatever Goes Up (1935), I Want a Policeman (1936), Every Man for Himself (1940), and The Sun Field (1942). Their play Sudden Money was adapted into a 1939 film. They wrote the screenplays to the films When the Lights Go On Again (1944) and Paris Follies of 1956 (1955). They died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles at the age of 56.
External links
1890s births
1955 deaths
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American male screenwriters
American male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
The Episcopal Diocese of Washington is a diocese of the Episcopal Church covering Washington, D.C. and nearby counties of Maryland in the United States. With a membership of over 38,000, the diocese is led by the Bishop of Washington, Mariann Budde. It is home to Washington National Cathedral, which is the seat of both the diocesan bishop and the Presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church.
History
Since its creation in 1895 from the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland, the territory has included the District of Columbia, adjacent suburban Maryland counties of Prince George's and Montgomery, and the southern Maryland counties of Charles County and St. Mary's County.
The land now known as the District of Columbia was once part of Prince George's County, Maryland. A congregation which later became known as Rock Creek parish was founded in 1712, and by seven years later had built a chapel of ease for (Broad Creek Parish), which was the spiritual counterpart to secular government in Prince George's County. The congregation built a larger, Georgian style building in 1775, which is now known as St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Rock Creek Parish (Washington, D.C.). It is the oldest religious institution within the District of Columbia. The former glebe (farm to support the parish priest) became the non-denominational Rock Creek Cemetery, now also home to the InterFaith Conference of Metropolitan Washington.
As European settlement moved westward and the area's population increased, additional congregations began and built chapels within what Maryland's General Assembly in 1776 designated Montgomery County. These congregations had split off from Broad or Rock Creek parish and became Prince George's Parish in 1726 (later Christ Episcopal Church (Rockville, Maryland)) and Eden or Sugarland Parish in 1737 (which later became St. Peter's Church (Poolesville, Maryland)), only to be reassigned to the newly formed diocese of Washington over a century later.
After the American Revolutionary War, both Maryland and Virginia donated land to form the new federal District of Columbia. Additional congregations which ultimately became parishes formed much nearer the Potomac River at this time, including Christ Church, Washington Parish (a/k/a Navy Yard; 1794), Christ Church (Georgetown, Washington, D.C.), and St. John's Episcopal Church, Georgetown (1796). After the destruction of the War of 1812, with the Burning of Washington in August 1814, St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square (1815) was built facing historic Lafayette Square across from the rebuilt "President's House", at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., (in the historic Lafayette Square Historic District) which later became known as the "Executive Mansion" and later the White House. St. John's has been long known as the "Church of the Presidents", visited frequently by neighboring chief executives and is the traditional site for an early morning prayer service and mass during inauguration days on March 4 and later January 20. Another historic episcopal church formed in the capital city, and which hosted nearby Maryland diocesan conventions, is the Church of the Epiphany (Washington, D.C.). Parishes formed during the 19th Century's "Oxford Movement" included St. Paul's Church on K Street, and St. James' Church on Capitol Hill. At least six historic African-American parishes formed in the capital city during the late 19th and early 20th Centuries.
Construction of the Gothic Revival "Cathedral Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul in the City and the Diocese of Washington" (usually known as the Washington National Cathedral) on Mount Saint Albans at the intersection of Massachusetts and Wisconsin Avenues in northwest Washington began with a charter issued by the United States Congress in 1893 and on September 29, 1907, the cornerstone was laid in the presence of 26th President Theodore Roosevelt and a crowd of 20,000 and continued with fits and starts until its general completion in the early 1990s, with a ceremony attended by 41st President, George H. W. Bush, serving as a "national house of prayer for all people" and becoming a national landmark for the Protestant Episcopal Church in the U.S.A. and icon for the Anglican Communion in the world.
Bishops
The first African-American bishop for the Diocese was elected and ordained with John Thomas Walker as the sixth prelate in 1977 who served until their death 12 years later. After the eighth bishop of Washington, John Bryson Chane, announced their intention to retire in the fall of 2011, a diocesan convention on June 18, 2011 elected Mariann Edgar Budde as its first female diocesan bishop. They were ordained and consecrated on November 12, 2011.
List of Bishops of Washington
Assistant, Suffragan and Coadjutor bishops
Paul Moore, Jr. (1919-2003), Bishop Suffragan, 1964-1970 (subsequently Coadjutor Bishop of New York 1970-1971 and 13th Bishop of New York 1972–1989)
John Thomas Walker (1925-1989), Bishop Suffragan, 1971-1976 and Bishop Coadjutor, 1976 to 1977 (subsequently Bishop of Washington pro tempore and 6th Bishop of Washington)
William Benjamin Spofford Jr. (1921-2013), Assistant Bishop, 1979–1984, 1990 (previously Bishop of Eastern Oregon, 1969–1979)
George Theodore Masuda (1913-1995), Assisting Bishop, 1985-1986 (previously Bishop of North Dakota 1965–1979)
Ronald Hayward Haines (1934-2008), Bishop Suffragan 1986-1989 (subsequently Bishop of Washington pro tempore and 7th Bishop of Washington)
William Benjamin Spofford Jr. (1921-2013), Assistant Bishop, 1979–1984, 1990 (previously Bishop of Eastern Oregon, 1969–1979)
Jane Hart Holmes Dixon (1937-2012), Bishop Suffragan 1992–2000, Bishop of Washington 'pro tempore' 2001-2002
Allen Lyman Bartlett Jr. (1929-), Assisting Bishop 2001-2004 (previously Coadjutor Bishop of Philadelphia 1986-1987 and Bishop of Pennsylvania 1987–1998)
Barbara Clementine Harris (1930-2020), Assisting Bishop 2003-2007 (previously Bishop Suffragan of the Diocese of Massachusetts 1989–2003)
Chilton Abbie Richardson Knudsen (1946-), Assisting Bishop 2019–present (previously Bishop of Maine 1997–2008; Interim Bishop, Diocese of Kentucky 2011- 2012; Assistant Bishop, Diocese of New York 2013–2014; Assistant Bishop, Diocese of Long Island 2014–2015; Assistant Bishop, Diocese of Maryland 2015–2018.)
References
External links
Episcopal Diocese of Washington
Washington National Cathedral
Journal of the Annual Convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the Diocese of Washington at the Online Books Page
Washington
Diocese of Washington
Diocese of Washington
1896 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Province 3 of the Episcopal Church (United States)
Tillandsia secunda is a species of flowering plant in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Ecuador.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'El Primo'
References
BSI Cultivar Registry Retrieved 11 October 2009
secunda
Flora of Ecuador
J.N.N Institute of Engineering
It is an Engineering college located in Tiruvallur, Tamil Nadu, India. It is approved by AICTE, New Delhi and affiliated with Anna University, Chennai. The institution was established in 2008 and is promoted by the Alamelu Ammaal Educational Trust.
The Trust also manages J.N.N Arts & Science Women's College, J.N.N Matriculation & Higher Secondary School, J.N.N Vidyallaya, and J.N.N Educational College.
Campus
The campus is housed on a property.
Athletics
J.N.N.I.E. has teams in Cricket, Football, Volleyball, Badminton and Basketball.
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu
Colleges affiliated to Anna University
Education in Tiruvallur district
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in Tamil Nadu
The 1942 Paris–Tours was the 36th edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 31 May 1942. The race started in Paris and finished in Tours. The race was won by Paul Maye.
General classification
References
1942 in French sport
1942
May 1942 sports events
Richard Devin Peters (born November 21, 1955) is a former professional baseball player. They played professional baseball, principally as an outfielder, including five seasons in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers (1979–1981) and Oakland Athletics (1983, 1986). In five major league seasons, they compiled a .277 batting average and .356 on-base percentage. Peters was also a member of the 1977 Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team that won the 1977 College World Series and the 1979 Evansville Triplets team that won the American Association championship.
Early years
Peters was born in 1955 in Lynwood, California. They attended Dominguez High School in Compton, California, and Arizona State University. At Arizona State, they played at the designated hitter position in 1975, as a second baseman in 1976, and the center fielder in 1977. As a senior co-captain, they led the 1977 Arizona State Sun Devils baseball team with a .426 batting average, and helped the team to a national championship by defeating South Carolina in the 1977 College World Series.
Professional baseball
Detroit Tigers
Peters was selected by the Detroit Tigers in the 1977 amateur draft. They played in the Tigers' farm system for the Montgomery Rebels in 1977 and for the Evansville Triplets in 1978 and 1979.
During the 1979 season, they compiled a .320 batting average, .436 on-base percentage, 17 doubles, 10 triples, and 30 stolen bases in 387 at bats. They helped lead the 1979 Evansville team, managed by Jim Leyland, to the American Association championship. Other future major leaguers on the 1979 Evansville team included Kirk Gibson, Jack Morris, Dan Petry, and Tom Brookens.
Peters was called up to the Tigers (along with Kirk Gibson) in early September 1979. They made their major league debut on September 8, 1979, and appeared in 12 games in the final month of the season. They started three games at third base and three games as the team's designated hitter and also appeared in two games at second base. They impressed manager Sparky Anderson both with their poised batting style and their range in the field.
In 1980, they took over as the Tigers' starting center fielder when Kirk Gibson was injured in mid-June. They appeared in 133 games for the 1980 Tigers, 92 as the starting center fielder and compiled a .291 batting average and .369 on-base percentage with 19 doubles (19), seven triples, and 13 stolen bases. After the season, Peters was honored as Tigers Rookie of the Year.
Peters returned to the Tigers in 1981 though their playing time was limited to 63 games and only 32 games as the team's starting center fielder. They compiled a .256 batting average.
In the spring of 1982, Peters underwent surgery to repair a nerve in their right arm that had slipped out of its normal channel through the elbow. They were released by the Tigers after missing the entire 1982 season.
Oakland As
In 1983, Peters signed with the Oakland As. They appeared in 55 games for the 1983 As, including 42 games as a starter in the outfield. They compiled a .287 batting average and had four stolen bases against nine times in which they were caught stealing.
Peters spent part of the 1983 season and all of the 1984 season with the Tacoma Tigers in the Pacific Coast League. They had a final stint in the majors during the 1985 season, appearing in 44 games with the Oakland As, principally as a pinch hitter. They compiled a .184 average with the 1984 As and appeared in their final major league game on June 29, 1986. They continued to play for Tacoma in 1985 and 1986.
In five major league seasons, Peters appeared in 307 games and compiled a .277 batting average (.356 on-base percentage) with two home runs, 34 doubles, 10 triples, 80 RBIs, and 20 stolen bases.
Later years
After retiring as a player, Peters worked briefly as a roving instructor for the Houston Astros. They also served as the manager of the Auburn Astros in 1990, leading the team to a 31-46 record. As of 1995, they were living in Tempe, Arizona, and working for the city's parks and recreation department.
References
External links
Rick Peters at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
1955 births
Arizona State Sun Devils baseball players
Baseball players from California
Detroit Tigers players
Evansville Triplets players
Leones del Caracas players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Living people
Major League Baseball outfielders
Montgomery Rebels players
Oakland Athletics players
People from Lynwood, California
Sun City Rays players
Tacoma Tigers players
The brown cacholote (Pseudoseisura lophotes) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae.
It is mainly found in northern Argentina, western Paraguay and Uruguay; also in southeastern Bolivia and Rio Grande do Sul.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
brown cacholote
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
Birds of Uruguay
brown cacholote
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Ludwig Reichenbach
Annelies Štrba is a Swiss multimedia artist, who lives in the Zurich metropolitan area. They work with video, photography, and digital media to approach their subjects, which range from domestically themed images, portraiture, and both urban and natural landscapes.
Life
Annelies Štrba was born in Zug, Switzerland in 1947. They now live in Richterswil (Lake Zurich) and Ascona, Switzerland. They started showing their work in 1990, and has participated in many group shows alongside other artists known for their portrayals of family, society, and everyday subjects, such as Nan Goldin, Shirin Neshat, Pipilotti Rist and Wolfgang Tillmans. They have traveled internationally for their work, spending time in Japan, Poland, Scotland, Paris, and England, amongst other places. They received a Federal Grant for Applied Art in 1971 and has exhibited widely in Europe, primarily in Switzerland, Germany, Italy, Austria, and France, as well as in the United States.
Work
Štrba combines photography, digital media, and film to chronicle their physical and emotional life. A mother of three, they have been documenting their family environment through their work for over four decades. Them best-known bodies of work, Shades of Time, AYA, NYIMA, and their most recent publication, Noonday, depict their immediate family including their three children, and five grandchildren. Although they are working with subject matter that is very personal and quite literally close to home, Štrba constructs a quality of fantastical narrative in their pictures, utilizing combinations of the different mediums in their repertoire. While creating images that evoke fantastical emotion using technological processes, they simultaneously embrace a sense from 19th-century romanticism while addressing themes of domesticity and nature.
Štrba uses a digital camera to capture moments and figures in film and still, which they then colors with the aid of computer programs. This digital manipulation provides Štrba's images with a sense of painterliness and allows them to abandon naturalism and realist details in favor of complex visual textures. They often photograph around the family homes just outside of Zurich or in the Swiss mountains, where they spend many weekends and holidays. The product is a personal and poetically abstract documentation of the life around her, capturing their subjects at the dining room table, grooming, in the chaos of untidy rooms, or surrounded by nature. Overall, a personal story is told of the intertwined lives and relationships, speaking to memories, reactions, and nostalgic realization.
References
2010 Herbert, Martin: “Now see this,” Art Review 38, January, p. 24
2008 Lang, Susanne: “Personales apologias de la familia,” Humboldt 149, pp. 36–39
2004 Schindler, Anna: “Anneliese Strba,” in: ArtForum
2001 Daly, Catherine: “Annelies Strba and Bernhard Schobinger: The Paradise“, The Sunday Times (27 May 2001)
2001 McKeon, Belinda: “Paradise regained“, The Irish Times, 31 May
2000 Briers, David: "The Idea of the North“, Art Monthly 242: pp. 48–50
2000 Carvill, Sonia: "The Secret Attraction of Somebody's Diary“, East Anglian Daily Times, 31 March
2000 Snell, Ted: "Visual perspectives find a space“, The Australian, 11 Feb: pg 11
2000 Vogel, Sabine: “Annelies Strba“, Artforum International 4, December: pg 154
1999 Esplund, Lance: "Truth or Dare.“ In: Modern Painters 12, 1, Spring 1999: pg 104–107
Artists from Zürich
1947 births
Living people
People from Zug
People from Richterswil
20th-century Swiss women artists
21st-century Swiss women artists
Swiss contemporary artists
Duminda Wijesekera is an American Computer Scientist of Sri Lankan descent.  They are a professor in the Department of Computer Science at George Mason University and acting chair of Cybersecurity Engineering Department.  They are also a visiting research scientist at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). They have a PhD in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota (1997) and another PhD in Mathematical Logic from Cornell University (1990). They have a Bachelor's in Mathematics from University of Colombo. They also hold a courtesy appointment at the Computer Science Department at the Naval Postgraduate School, NIST. They have published more than 100 research papers in the area of cybersecurity. They were also part of the team that investigated Metro Blue Line derailment in Washington DC.
Wijesekera also leads the Laboratory of Radio and RADAR Engineering (RARE) which is a collaboration between academia, industry and government. In 2007, they were named a Fellow of the Potomac Institute for Policy Studies.  They are also considered to be an expert in money laundering and has worked on linking linking organ trafficking to terrorist networks.
Publications
Michael, James Bret, Doron Drusinsky, and Duminda Wijesekera. "Formal Methods in Cyberphysical Systems." Computer 54, no. 09 (2021): 25-29.
Wang, Lingyu, Duminda Wijesekera, and Sushil Jajodia. "A logic-based framework for attribute based access control." In Proceedings of the 2004 ACM workshop on Formal methods in security engineering, pp. 45-55. 2004.
Ammann, Paul, Duminda Wijesekera, and Saket Kaushik. "Scalable, graph-based network vulnerability analysis." In Proceedings of the 9th ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, pp. 217-224. 2002.
Lingyu Wang, Sushil Jajodia and Duminda Wijesekera, Preserving Privacy for OnLine Analytical processing, Springer-Verlag, 2006.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
James Brown Miller (October 25, 1861 – April 19, 1909), also known as "Killin' Jim", "Killer Miller" and "Deacon Jim", was an American outlaw and title-holder gunfighter of the American Old West, said to have killed 12 people during gunfights. Miller was referred to by some by the alias "Deacon Jim" because they regularly attended the Methodist Church, and they did not smoke or drink. They were lynched in Ada, Oklahoma, in 1909 along with three other men, by a mob of residents angry that they had assassinated a former deputy U.S. marshal.
Early life
Miller was born in Van Buren, Arkansas, but their parents migrated to Franklin, Texas when they were one year old, and they grew up there. Their father Jacob Miller, born in Pennsylvania in 1801, was a stonemason, and helped build the first capitol building in Austin. Miller's mother was born Cynthia Basham. Just a few years after the move, Miller's father died, so their mother took the family to Evant, Texas to live with their parents. In 1869, when Miller was eight, their grandparents were found murdered in their home. Miller was arrested, but never prosecuted for the crime.
Their sister, Georgia, and their husband, John Thomas Coop, accepted the boy onto their farm at Plum Creek near Gatesville. The 1880 census records them as being nineteen years old, living in Coryell County, Texas, with their siblings and widowed mother. On July 30, 1884, Miller shot and killed their brother-in-law (with whom they had had an argument) with a shotgun while the latter was sleeping on their porch. Miller was arrested for the murder, convicted, and sentenced to life in prison. The conviction, however, was overturned on a technicality.
After leaving the Coop farm, Miller became a hired hand on the McCulloch County ranch of Emanuel "Mannen" Clements, cousin of outlaw John Wesley Hardin. Clements was killed by Ballinger City Marshal Joe Townsend on March 29, 1887, during the period when Miller worked at the ranch. Townsend was later ambushed by an assailant wielding a shotgun, which became known as Miller's signature style, and severely wounded in one arm. Townsend survived, but lost their arm to amputation.
Pecos lawman
Over the next couple of years, Miller traveled the Texas–Mexico border region and operated a saloon in San Saba County. In Reeves County, Miller became a deputy sheriff and later town marshal in Pecos. During this time, they gained a reputation for killing Mexicans, claiming that they had been attempting to escape.
Miller was married to a daughter of a cousin of John Wesley Hardin, another Old West outlaw. In 1891 Miller married Sallie Clements, daughter of Mannen Clements. Assuming the appearance of a devout Methodist, they earned the nickname Deacon Jim. They were well liked by the townspeople because they were polite and an avid member of the church. Regardless of the weather, they were known to wear a long, black frock coat.
Miller became involved in a feud with Pecos Sheriff George A. "Bud" Frazer. While Frazer was on a trip to El Paso, they were informed that Miller had allowed criminals to gain greater control over Pecos. Frazer enlisted the help of Texas Ranger John R. Hughes to secure Pecos. After returning to Pecos, Frazer immediately jailed Miller on a charge of murder. A jury acquitted them of this charge. Frazer also believed that Miller had stolen mules and had them arrested for theft.
On April 12, 1894, in Pecos, Miller was confronted by Frazer about their involvement in the murder of cattleman Con Gibson. Frazer did not wait for Miller to go for their shotgun, and shot and wounded them in the right arm. While Miller was attempting to fire, they discharged their gun with their left hand, hitting bystander Joe Krans. Frazer fired again, hitting Miller in the groin, which finally put them down. Frazer emptied their six-shooter into Miller's chest. After Miller's friends had rushed them to a doctor, their frock coat was removed to reveal a large steel plate that Miller wore under it as a kind of bulletproof vest; it saved their lives; and Miller recovered.
On December 26, 1894, Miller was standing outside of a blacksmith's shop when Frazer began to fire at him. Frazer hit Miller in the arm and leg. Rushing in to finish them off, Frazer tried to shoot Miller in the chest, but the metal plate in Miller's coat saved them again. Frazer, demoralized, quickly retreated. Miller had Frazer charged with attempted murder. The case was heard in El Paso, and ended in a hung jury.
Frazer lost their bid for reelection as sheriff and left town for Eddy, New Mexico (now Carlsbad). A few months later, they returned to the Pecos area to visit their mother and sister. Miller learned Frazer was in the area. On September 13, 1896, Frazer was at a gambling table in Toyah, Texas. Miller opened the saloon's swinging doors, leveling their shotgun on one of them. They shot Frazer, who was dealing, and removed most of their head. Frazer's sister later confronted Miller, who threatened to kill them as well. A jury acquitted Miller.
Miller muttered threats toward Joe Earp, a witness who testified against him. Three weeks after Miller's trial, Earp was killed by a shotgun blast. To secure an alibi, Miller spent the night riding their horse on a grueling journey. The prosecuting district attorney, Judge Stanley, later died of food poisoning in Memphis, Texas.
Professional assassin
Despite their legal issues, Miller joined the Texas Rangers, and worked as a resident ranger in Memphis, Texas. Later they served in Hall County. At that time, they killed a man in the neighboring county of Collingsworth in the course of their work.
Miller moved their family to Fort Worth in 1900, where their wife Sallie opened a boarding house, aided by their older children. Here Miller began to advertise as a professional killer, charging $150 for each murder. Miller killed two men near Midland that year and was arrested for the murder of one of them. Miller's partner on the trip, Lawrence Angel, was convinced to take credit for the killing. Acting as a witness, Miller claimed that Angel acted in self-defense.
During the summer of 1902, Miller claimed that they caught three men stealing cattle in Ward County. They killed two of them using their Winchester, and wounded the third, who escaped by managing to cling to their horse and ride away. Miller killed lawyer James Jarrott on August 28, 1902. Jarrott had defended area farmers near Lubbock who were raising fences against cattle; ranchers took them to court, believing that the fences disrupted the grazing of their cattle. Those ranchers hired Miller to murder Jarrott, paying $500. Miller caught Jarrot while watering their horses near their farm. Miller had to shoot Jarrot four times: "He was the hardest damn man to kill I ever tackled."
In 1904, Miller took a contract for the murder of Frank Fore. On March 10, Miller followed their target to the Westbrook hotel, even as Fore was accompanied by three other lawmen: Dee Harkey, Jinx Clark, and Tom Coggins. Miller left the trio in the lobby and shot Fore in a restroom upstairs. Immediately afterward, Miller attempted to surrender to Harkey, but they refused to participate. Clark and Coggins later claimed that they witnessed the shooting and that Miller acted in self-defense. Fore died on March 13.
On August 1, 1906, Miller killed Ben C. Collins, a lawman for the Bureau of Indian Affairs in what was still Indian Territory, which they carried out in front of Collins' home and their wife. It was retribution ordered by a man named Port Pruitt, whom Collins had shot and crippled in 1903 when Pruitt resisted arrest. Pruitt had already hired another gunman for $500, but that gunman took a $200 advance, told Collins of the threat, and left the territory. Miller shot Collins with a load of buckshot. Collins returned six shots, but was hit in the face by Miller and died. Miller was arrested for the murder, but was not convicted and eventually released.
On February 28, 1908, Pat Garrett, ex-lawman and killer of Billy The Kid, was killed near Las Cruces, New Mexico, ostensibly because of a land dispute. Miller was alleged to have committed the murder and to have been paid to do so. Historians believe this is unlikely, as Jesse Wayne Brazel confessed to the crime. Brazel was tried and acquitted on the grounds of self-defense.
Bobbitt assassination and arrest
Miller was contracted by local ranchers Jesse West and Joe Allen, through middleman Berry B. Burrell, for the murder of Allen Augustus "Gus" Bobbitt of Ada, Oklahoma, a cattle rancher and former Deputy U.S. Marshal. The murder was alleged to have been ordered either to acquire their land or because of a personal grudge. The fee was $1,700. On February 27, 1909, Miller chose a place of ambush, concealing themselves near Bobbitt's ranch house. Bobbitt and their hired man, Bob Ferguson, arrived from town in their supply wagons. Miller shot Bobbitt in the side with both barrels from their shotgun. Bobbitt tumbled out of the lead wagon, and Miller left the scene on their way to Fort Worth, passing by Ferguson. Bobbitt's wife dashed out to check on their injured husband. Before dying, Bobbitt confirmed that they had been attacked by Miller. The murder was witnessed by Oscar Peeler, a 19-year-old cowhand who had accepted $50 to lead Miller to Bobbitt. Miller was arrested in Texas by a Texas Ranger and extradited to Oklahoma to stand trial alongside West, Allen, and Burrell.
Death
Ada residents knew that the evidence against the four suspects was not considered strong, leaving open the chance for acquittal. Because weeks earlier a man named Stephenson (a suspect in the November 3, 1907 murder of Town Marshal Rudolph Cathey in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma), had been acquitted on murder charges; some decided to take things into their own hands. A lynch mob, reported by The Daily Ardmoreite as numbering 200 and by Associated Press as "...estimated from 30 to 40 in number..." broke into the jail "...between two and three o'clock..." on the morning of April 19, 1909. They dragged the four suspects outside to an abandoned livery stable behind the jail. Miller remained stoic while the other three reportedly begged for their lives. Miller made two final requests: that their diamond ring be given to their wife and that they be permitted to wear their black hat while being hanged. Both requests were granted. They also asked to die in their black frock coat; this request was denied. Miller is reported to have shouted, "Let 'er rip!" and stepped voluntarily off their box to hang. The bodies of all four men were left hanging for several hours, until a photographer could be brought in to record the moment. These photos were sold to tourists in Ada for many years.
See also
List of Old West gunfighters
References
Further reading
External links
The story of Jim Miller is recounted in the song "You Can't Kill Jim Miller," by Rick Adams and John Neal.
1861 births
1909 deaths
1909 murders in the United States
American assassins
American frontier
Outlaws of the American Old West
Lawmen of the American Old West
Saloonkeepers
Gunslingers of the American Old West
Cowboys
Criminals from Texas
People of the New Mexico Territory
People from Van Buren, Arkansas
Lynching deaths in Oklahoma
Murdered criminals
American murder victims
Contract killers
People from Memphis, Texas
People from Pecos, Texas
People from Franklin, Texas
The Sunday Mail is a Scottish tabloid newspaper published every Sunday. It is the sister paper of the Daily Record and is owned by Reach plc.
History
In September 1999, when Editor Jim Cassidy was sacked, the paper's circulation was 767,000. Its nearest rival was the Scottish edition of the News of the World which sold around 350,000 copies at that time.
As of December 2016, the Sunday Mail had a circulation of 172,513. This decreased to 166,195 in February 2017, 159,880 in April 2017, 152,892 in July 2017 and 104,608 in March 2020.
On 12 May 2019, the Sunday Mail announced its support for the Scottish Greens in the upcoming EU elections, becoming the first major publication in Scotland to back the party, despite disagreeing with the Greens' pro-independence stance.
It should not be confused with The Mail on Sunday; the Daily Mail was unable to use the title Sunday Mail when it launched a Sunday edition in 1982 because of the Scottish paper.
Editors
1973: Clive Sandground
1981: Endell Laird
1988: Noel Young
1991: Jim Cassidy
1999: Peter Cox
2000: Allan Rennie
2009: Jim Wilson
2016: Brendan McGinty
Current news and features journalists
Norman Silvester
Craig McDonald
John Ferguson (political editor)
Julie-Anne Barnes
Heather Greenaway
Allan Bryce (sports editor)
Former news and features journalists
Marion Scott
Charles Lavery
Andrew Gold
Angus McLeod (political editor)
Russell Findlay
Brian Lironi (political editor)
John Nairn
Bill Aitken
Alex Scotland
Steve Dinneen
Jamie Livingstone
Noreen Barr
Andy Sannholm
Suzie Cormack
Victoria Raimes
Archie McKay
Gavin Goodwin
Nick Hunter (assistant editor)
John Finlayson
Former columnists
Elaine C. Smith
Gerry Hassan
Gary Keown
Scott Robinson
Melanie Reid
See also
List of newspapers in Scotland
References
External links
Sunday Mail homepage
Newspapers published in Scotland
Mass media in Glasgow
Sunday newspapers published in the United Kingdom
Supermarket tabloids
Newspapers published by Reach plc
Anthony Angarola (1893–1929) was an American painter, printmaker, and art instructor. They graduated from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Since they were an Italian immigrant himself, their work focused on people who struggled to adapt to a foreign culture.
Work
Angarola taught as an art instructor at the Layton School of Art in Milwaukee in 1921, the Minneapolis School of Art from 1922 to 1925, the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1926 and the Kansas City Art Institute from 1926. They were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1928. They also participated in the Carnegie International exposition in 1928, exhibiting their painting entitled Proud.
Personal life
Angarola was married to Maria Ambrosius, a concert pianist. They had two children, including character actor Richard Angarola. They have three grandchildren: Ondine Angarola, who is an aspiring screenwriter, Richard Angarola, and Anthony Angarola, and one great granddaughter Aurélia Langford, who is an aspiring singer-songwriter
Angarola died after they were injured in an automobile accident in France. Although they died at the young age of 36, they inspired many artists. Two of their noted students were William S. Schwartz and Belle Baranceanu, with whom they were engaged at the time of their death. Their work is now in the permanent collection of several museums including the Art Institute of Chicago, the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, and the Davis Museum at Wellesley College in Boston.
H. P. Lovecraft
Angarola is also notable as one of the favorite artists of the horror writer H. P. Lovecraft. Lovecraft made a reference to the works of Angarola in their short story "The Call of Cthulhu" and did the same in "Pickman's Model":
Only a real artist knows the actual anatomy of the terrible or the physiology of fear―the exact sort of lines and proportions that connect up with latent instincts or hereditary memories of fright, and the proper colour contrasts and lighting effects to stir the dormant sense of strangeness.... There's something those fellows catch―beyond life―that they're able to make us catch for a second. Doré had it. Sime has it. Angarola of Chicago has it.
References
External links
DAVIS MUSEUM at www.wellesley.edu
Missouri Remembers: Artists in Missouri through 1951
1893 births
1929 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
School of the Art Institute of Chicago alumni
Kansas City Art Institute alumni
20th-century American male artists
Shwegyaung is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Tantrum was a seven-member rock group that released two albums on Chicago's Ovation Records label. The group comprised three female singers: Pam Bradley, Sandy Caulfield, and Barb Erber, as well as guitarist Ray Sapko, keyboardist Phil Balsano, bass guitarist Bill Syniar, and drummer Vern Wennerstrom.
Their first album, entitled simply Tantrum, was released in 1978, and their second, Rather Be Rockin', was released the following year. Rather Be Rockin''' entered the Billboard Magazine Top LPs and Tapes charts (at #200) on December 19, 1980. The record was also listed in the magazine that month as a "National Breakout" in terms of radio play. Tantrum recorded a third and final album, entitled Breaking Away, which was to be released in 1980. The group disbanded first, however, leaving the album unreleased until August 8, 2005, when the English music company "Escape Music" released this album, along with the first two, all on a two-CD set.
In a review of a Park West Chicago performance from December 23, 1978, Billboard Magazine wrote that "Tantrum brought its unusual, exhilarating blend of Motown harmonies and razor-sharp rock here in November 28. The Windy-City Septet, which fuses the gospel vocals of the Sweet Inspirations with the driving rock of Heart, filled its 75-minute show-case with songs from a newly released Ovation LP....Keyboardist Phil Basano, guitarist Ray Sapko, and drummer Vern Wennerstrom received rousing applause for their solos.... ".
In an article titled "Tantrum Eyes Road" from March 3, 1979, Billboard Magazine noted that "Ovation Records has launched a tour of its pop/rock act Tantrum with co-sponsorship from radio in several Midwest Markets. Presenters of the act include WMMS-FM Cleveland, WDEK-FM Dekalb, February 14, and WBYG-FM Kankakee, Illinois, February 15. "
Discography
Tantrum (1978)
Rather Be Rockin' (1979)
Breaking Away (2005)
Members
Pam Bradley – lead and backing vocals
Sandy Caulfield – lead and backing vocals
Barb Erber – lead and backing vocals
Ray Sapko – guitar, vocals
Phil Balsano – keyboard, vocals
Bill Syniar – bass guitar, vocals
Vern Wennerstrom – drums, percussion
Member biographies
Sandy Caulfield has a Bachelor of Science degree in Music and Theatre from Indiana University. They sang on jingles before and after Tantrum and now does voice-overs. They also sang on Dennis DeYoung's solo album Desert Moon (Dennis DeYoung was keyboardist and lead singer with Styx) and Kenny Rogers's album Christmas from the Heart.
After Tantrum, Bill Syniar went on to play with Survivor, appearing on their seventh album Too Hot to Sleep (1988) and on Greatest Hits (1993).
Ray Sapko grew up in Chicago. After Tantrum, they completed their bachelor's degree in Guitar, studying at The American Conservatory of Music, Roosevelt University, Sherwood Conservatory of Music, and Northwestern University. They play clubs, does session work, and teaches guitar privately.
Phil Balsano moved to Los Angeles after Tantrum's demise and became a professional songwriter. Later they worked in publishing. They now live in Naperville, Illinois and plays in a group called 1969. During the Tantrum period their younger sister, Becky Balsano, was the singer for a group called Tazz Rikki''.
Barb Erber, now Barb Markwart, moved to Las Vegas with their husband where they are now retired.
References
External links
American rock music groups
Ovation Records artists
Canandaigua Historic District is a national historic district located at Canandaigua in Ontario County, New York. The district includes 354 residential, commercial, religious, and civic properties (338 contributing) that constitute the historic core of Canandaigua. It incorporates the North Main Street Historic District. The structures date from the 1810s to 1930s and contains a number of distinctive buildings reflecting a variety of architectural styles including Greek Revival, Italianate, Colonial Revival. The Ontario County Courthouse is located within the district boundaries. Located in the district is the separately listed former United States Post Office.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. In 2016, an isolated area of 68 additional properties was added to the district after they were found to be sufficiently historic.
Gallery
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ontario County, New York
References
External links
Canandaigua Historic District pdf
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
Greek Revival architecture in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Historic districts in Ontario County, New York
Canandaigua, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Ontario County, New York
Giuseppe Benoni (1618–1684) was an Italian architect, active during the Baroque period, mainly in Venice.
Biography
They were born either in Udine or Trento. They worked on a number of engineering problems for the Venetian Republic. They appear to have moved to Venice at about the age of forty, and gained the title of "Proto" to the Magistrate of Water. In 1675–76, work began on renovation of the structures and decoration of the Dogana da Mar, the customs house across the canal from the Doge's palace. A Venetian council on 29 August 1676 requested proposals for refurbishing the Dogana and received designs from Benoni, Longhena, Andrea Cominelli, and Giuseppe Sardi (Venice). Only the former two designs went for further study by a committee formed by the following Procurators: Antonio Bernardo, Giovanni Battista Cornaro, Alvise Pisani, Giovanni Sagredo cavalier, Francesco Morosini cavalier, Leonardo Pesaro, Giulio Giustinian, Alvise Mocenigo IV, Silvestro Valier cavalier, and Alessandro Contarini. They ended seclecting Benoni's project, priced at 6000 ducats over Loghena's project costing twice as much.
In a publication about the project, Benoni states:(I have arranged) it in such a way that it stands out and adorns more than the quality of the conspicuous site in which it is to be erected... in order to make the distal end similar on both sides, despite the narrowness and irregularity of the site, I procured to make it front and regular in shape, and which together shows strength and firmness. I have considered the distance and sites of all around from which to take the view, and have allowed for an eye, in all the parts that surround it, to have a variety of views to be delighted, and formed... loggias to allow comfortable and covered transit from the sides flank the canals and warehouses.
The building was built with the views of the adjacent Salute in mind. The building has a rustication appropriate for a government office, much like Jacopo Sansovino's Zecca (or mint). It is decorated by two bronze atlantes who bear a gilded sphere surmounted by the goddess Fortune holding a wind vane.
Sources
Venetian heritage entry
1618 births
1684 deaths
Republic of Venice architects
Italian Baroque architects
Roko Badžim (born August 18, 1997) is a Croatian professional basketball player for Konyaspor of the BSL. Standing at , they play at the combo guard position.
Professional career
GKK Šibenik (2012–2017)
Badžim started their professional career in 2012, as a 15-years old GKK Šibenik player.
Slovenia (2017–2019)
On June 29, 2017, they signed with Slovenian champion Petrol Olimpija.
Cibona (2019–2020)
They joined Cibona in 2019 and averaged 9.4 points per game on 46% shooting from behind the arc. They were released by the team on July 15, 2020.
Konyaspor (2022–present)
On July 15, 2022, they have signed with Konyaspor of the Turkish Basketbol Süper Ligi (BSL).
National team career
Badžim debuted for the Croatian national team in November 2021 at the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup qualification game against Slovenia.
Personal life
Roko was born in 1997, in Šibenik, to a father Živko, former professional basketball player who also played in Olimpija.
References
External links
Eurobasket.com profile
Fiba Profile
REALGM Profile
1997 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball players from Šibenik
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Croatian men's basketball players
GKK Šibenik players
KK Cibona players
KK Olimpija players
Point guards
Shooting guards
Szolnoki Olaj KK players
Krusheto is a village, located in Northern Bulgaria. The village is located in Gorna Oryahovitsa Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province. As of the 2020 census, the village has a population of 820 people with a current address registered in the settlement.
Geography
Krusheto is located at an elevation of 147 meters. It is positioned in the northwest part of Municipality Gorna Oryahovitsa and its area borders with Veliko Tarnovo and Polski Trambesh.
The river Yantra passes through the area of the village, which makes the lands fertile and eligible for harvest and agriculture. Another river that passes near the village is Rositsa.
75% of the landmass of the village is an agricultural domain, while 10% remain forests and the settlement takes up only 9% of the land area.
Culture
After the end of Ottoman Rule in Bulgaria, the village's name changes from Armutli to Krusheto. Which means the same in both Turkish and Bulgarian languages - a place of Pear trees.
3 Kilometers west of the village an Agricultural institute can be found. It specializes in educating agricultural workers in the respective field.
Buildings
The church “Sveti Dimitar” was built in 1883.
The Library and community center “Napredak” , was built in 1906 and is still active.
Ethnicity
According to the Bulgarian population census in 2011.
References
Villages in Veliko Tarnovo Province
Imma phalerata is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Assam, India.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are rather dark ochreous fuscous, with a slight purple gloss and ochreous-yellow markings. There is a narrow somewhat curved fascia from one-fourth of costa to one-third of the dorsum, attenuated on the lower half. A moderate triangular spot is found on the costa at three-fifths, and an elongated spot on the costa towards the apex. The hindwings are dark fuscous with a moderate longitudinal ochreous-whitish streak in the disc from one-fourth to three-fourths.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Francis Lynde (November 12, 1856 – May 16, 1930) was an American author. Three of their books were adapted to film. They were born in Lewiston, New York, and wrote adventure novels set in the American West in the early 20th century. The Chattanooga-Hamilton County Bicentennial Library has a collection of their papers.
Their novels were set in the mountains of Colorado, Nevada, and Utah. Railroading and mining provided settings for their storylines. The main characters were often mining or railroad engineers. Their collection of detective stories was titled Scientific Sprague. Their story Moonshiner of Fact is set in the Appalachian Mountains of Eastern Tennessee.
Mary Antoinette Stickle Lynde (née Stickle; 1867–1960) was their wife.
 They are buried in Forest Hills Cemetery, Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Filmography
Across the Burning Trestle (1914)
Stranded in the Arcady (1917) pages 940, 941
Bucking the Line (1921), based on their 1915 novel The Real Man
Bibliography
A Case in Equity (1895)
A Romance in Transit (1897)
The Helpers (1899)
A Private Chivalry (1900)
The Quickening (1906)
The Taming of Red Butte (1910)
The Real Man (1915)
Branded (1917)
The City of Numbered Days
Empire Builders (1907)
A Fool for Love
The Grafters
The Honorable Senator Sage-Brush
The King of Arcadia
The Master of Appleby: A Novel Tale Concerning Itself in Part with the Great Struggle in the Two Carolinas; but Chiefly with the Adventures Therein of Two Gentlemen Who Loved One and the Same Lady (English)
Pirates' Hope
The Price
The Lawyer's Livelihood (1909)
Scientific Sprague (1912)
The Real Man (1915)
After the Manner of Men (1916)
Stranded in the Arcady
The Wreckers
David Vallory (1919)
A girl A Horse and a Dog (1920)
The Fire Bringers (1921)
Mr Arnold (1923)
Mellowing Money, (1925)
Fight on the Standing Stone, (1925)
Cripple Creek Nineteen A Hundred
The Cruise of the Cuttlefish (1925)
Blind man's Bluff (1928)
References
Additional sources
American Fiction, 1901–1925: A Bibliography By Geoffrey D. Smith, partial bibliography, Page 419
Elizabeth Fry Page: Feathers from an Eagles Nest” The Olympian, V2 (V1 and V2 combined), 1903-Page 23–27, Google Books.
Personal notes on Francis Lynde and their home on Lookout Mountain, Tennessee.
External links
Francis Lynde at the Encyclopedia of Science Fiction
1856 births
1930 deaths
19th-century American writers
20th-century American writers
American male novelists
Dany may refer to:
People with the name
Given name
A form of the Hebrew words and names daniyyel דניאל (« God is my Judge ») or dan דָּן (« judgement » or « they judged »)
Dany Abounaoum (born 1969), Lebanese alpine skier
Dany Bahar (born 1971), Swiss business person
Dany Bébel-Gisler (1935–2003), Guadeloupean writer
Dany Bédar, French Canadian singer
Dany Bill (born 1973), Canadian kickboxer
Dany Boon (born 1966), real name Daniel Faid Hamidou, French comedian and filmmaker
Dany Bouchard (born 1967), Canadian cross-country skier
Dany Brand (born 1996), Swiss hurdler
Dany Brillant (born 1965), French musician
Dany Bustros (1959–1998), Lebanese belly dancer and actor
Dany Carrel (born 1932), real name Yvonne Suzanne Chazelles de Chaxel, French actor
Dany Chamoun (1934–1990), Lebanese politician
Dany Cooper, Australian film editor
Dany Cotton (born 1969), British firefighter
Dany Cure (born 1990), Venezuelan footballer
Dany da Silva (born 1993), Swiss footballer
Dany Doriz (born 1941), real name Daniel Dorisse, French jazz musician
Dany Dauberson (1925–1979), French singer and actor
Dany-Robert Dufour (born 1947), French philosopher
Dany Engobo (born 1955), Republic of the Congo musician
Dany Franchi (born 1990), Italian electric blues musician
Dany Garcia (born 1968), American film producer
Dany Gonçalves (born 1985), Portuguese sprinter
Dany Haddad (born 1960), Lebanese fencer
Dany Heatley (born 1981), Canadian ice hockey player, for the Ottawa Senators
Dany Kane (1969–2000), Canadian criminal
Dany Lademacher (born 1950), Belgian guitar player
Dany Laferrière (born 1953), Haitian-Canadian novelist
Dany Leviatan (born 1942), Israeli mathematician
Dany Locati (born 1977), Italian skeleton racer
Dany Marques (born 1991), Portuguese footballer
Dany Maury (born 1994), Cameroonian footballer
Dany Mendes Ribeiro (born 1988), Cape Verdean footballer
Dany Morin (born 1985), Canadian politician and business person
Dany Mota Carvalho (born 1998), Luxembourgian-born Portuguese footballer
Dany N'Guessan (born 1987), French footballer
Dany Nounkeu (born 1986), Cameroonian footballer
Dany Pen (born 1986), Cambodian-born Canadian artist, activist, and educator
Dany Priso (born 1994), French rugby union player
Dany Luis Quintero (born 1984), Cuban footballer
Dany Rigoulot (born 1944), French figure skater
Dany Robin (1927–1995), French actor
Dany Roland (born 1962), Argentine-born Brazilian musician
Dany Roussin (born 1985), Canadian ice hockey centre
Dany Ryser (born 1957), Swiss football manager
Dany Saadia (born 1973), Mexican filmmaker and business person
Dany Sabourin (born 1980), Canadian ice hockey goaltender
Dany Saputra (born 1991), Indonesian footballer
Dany Saval (born 1942), real name Danielle Nadine Suzanne Savalle, French actor
Dany Silva, Cape Verdean musician
Dany Stanišić, Serbian sailor
Dany Toussaint, 2006 Haitian politician
Dany Tuijnman (1915–1992), full name Daniël Sebastiaan Tuijnman, Dutch politician
Dany Vandenbossche (1956–2013), Belgian politician
Dany Verissimo (born 1982), French actor
Dany Verlinden (born 1963), real name Daniël Verdlinden, Belgian goalkeeper
Dany Verner (born 1977), Canadian sledge hockey player
Dany Wilson (1982–2011), Jamaican male volleyball player
Other uses of the name
Dany (comics) (born 1943), the pseudonym of Daniel Henrotin, a Belgian comics artist
Vichara Dany, Cambodian actor who debuted in 1967
Arts, entertainment, and media
Dany (film), a 2001 Indian Malayalam film
Daenerys Targaryen, nicknamed Dany, a character from the fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire and its TV adaptation Game of Thrones
Other uses
District Attorney of New York County, or DANY, New York
See also
Dani (disambiguation)
Danny (disambiguation)
The Matra MS640 is a sports prototype race car, designed, developed, and built by the French manufacturer Matra in 1969. Two examples of this car were made: the original one from 1969 and the rebuild from 2005.
Development
Featuring a tubular trellis frame not very different from that of the MS650, the Matra MS640 coupe featured a drop-shaped bodywork designed by Robert Choulet, an aerodynamic engineer with previous experiences at Deutsch & Bonnet who was inspired by to their other creations. It had shapes that made it look like a record car, extremely elongated, with a very small cockpit covered by an equally small bubble roof, rounded wheel arches (which partially covered the wheels at the rear), and stabilizing fins on the tail. The power unit was the 420 Matra MS9 V12 3-liter, built-in 1968 on the initiative of the French government and already mounted on the Matra MS630.
History and background
After the creation of the MS630 for the 1968 season in accordance with the new regulations (prototypes with 3-liter displacement, sports cars with 5-liter displacement, and 50 units), a car that had performed well at the 24 Hours of Le Mans of that year holding the second place for a long time and giving it up towards the end of the race due to two punctures and a fatal short circuit, the director of Matra Jean Luc Lagardère entrusted Robert Choulet with the task of designing a closed car, extremely aerodynamic and designed specifically for the circuit of the Sarthe, in order to compensate for the power gap suffered against the Porsche 917, Ferrari 312P and Alfa Romeo 33/3 and the higher consumption compared to the Porsche 908. The resulting car tickled the imagination and expectations of Lagardère, the press, and all of France, who could finally cultivate the dream of a "voiture bleu" on the top step of the podium at the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
At the collective tests of Le Mans, which were held in March, the new Matra 640 was not yet ready and the French manufacturer only fielded an MS630, recovering in April the work lost on that occasion: it organized a private test session with all the Circuit de la Sarthe for itself, away from prying eyes who could study the new weapon. The car was entrusted to Henri Pescarolo and Johnny Servoz-Gavin, who had to develop the car on a real circuit, as it only had a few kilometers traveled on the runway of Marigny airport on its shoulders, on the occasion of the presentation to the press. Pescarolo was the first to leave, instructed by the sporting director Georges Martin and by designer Choulet to gradually push the car towards the limit. The first laps had to be done in a “neutral” aerodynamic configuration, to then make the further trim and aerodynamic adjustments.
Pescarolo immediately had the impression of a “light” steering and when they entered the Hunaudières straight they pushed the car up to . Overcome a bump, the 640 took off like an airplane "flying" along the runway with the wheels off the ground and the engine howling until the nose did not rear up causing it to flip and then crash to the side of the runway. From the pits, a column of smoke was seen and immediately the team rushed to the scene of the accident: the trees had been cut at a height of one and a half meters and the debris was scattered within a radius of a few hundred meters, but the pilot was alive, although they then had to spend six months of very long convalescence to recover from burns, fractures of the limbs and injuries to the spine. Having recovered, although still limping, they won the 1000 km of Paris on the Montlhéry circuit aboard a Matra 650 paired with Beltoise. The "640", on the other hand, will never be used in the race as Jean-Luc Lagardère did not consent to the creation of another model, thus prompting Choulet to leave Matra in October 1969 to join the Porsche.
After the accident, an attempt was made to understand the causes, which in the designer's opinion had to be found in the bending of some parts of the bodywork, specifically the upper part of the doors, under the thrust of the air at high speeds. As the shape of the body changed, it became unstable and ready for take-off, a tendency that led to the accident and that could have been discovered and eliminated if the pilot had gradually reached the maximum performance of the car lap after lap, according to Choulet. The fact is that the car's extreme aerodynamics meant that a minimum of inconvenience was enough to get to the accident.
Second version
In 1989 the original molds were found in the Matra factory, with some parts of the second bodywork inside and in 1995 Norma built a second frame and the missing parts of the bodywork on the basis of the original designs. For nine years the reconstruction of the MS 640 was stalled due to a lack of skilled craftsmen and after extensive research throughout France, it was entrusted to the EPAF in 2004, a company specializing in the restoration of racing cars, which completed the work through the use of construction techniques of 1969.
Once the car is completed, it is decided to subject it to a series of tests, which is also invited to attend the now over sixty Henry Pescarolo, who however asks to be the one who will sit behind the wheel, to complete the work interrupted over thirty-five years earlier. , getting a positive response. To avoid the repetition of the disastrous accident of 1969, this 640 was equipped with a sensor system on the suspension front that warned the driver of the approaching limit beyond which the car would take off. Putting the wheels on the track, every attempt to go beyond the tourist pace set off the alarm, so that the car went in and out of the pits to change the set-up and try again. The last test that remains to be done is to lower the nose until it touches the ground, to obtain maximum downforce, but the risk is that at the first braking it will stick to the asphalt: the front brakes should be deactivated, but the technicians exclude this possibility for safety reasons and communicate the end of the test to the pilot. But Pescarolo is not there and wants to continue testing even without front brakes, despite everyone's opposition.
The machine thus modified no longer gives alarms and reaches almost without taking off. At the end of the test, Pescarolo returns to the pits smiling, and jumps out of the passenger compartment invaded by acrid smoke coming from the faired rear wheel arches, from which flames come out. Too stressed by the deactivation of the front brakes, the rear brakes overheated triggering a start of fire, tamed by the driver without stopping to smile, satisfied at having finally closed a speech left unresolved.
The Matra MS640 is exhibited at the Espace automobiles Matra museum in Romorantin – Lanthenay, between Bourges and Orléans , in France .
References
Matra vehicles
Sports prototypes
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Le Mans winning cars
Mid-engined cars
1970s cars
Jean Cornelis (2 August 1941 – 21 March 2016) was a Belgian football player. They were born in Lot.
They played for R.S.C. Anderlecht and the Belgium national team. Cornelis played in the match Belgium-Netherlands in 1964 with 10 fellows from the Anderlecht team after the substitution of goalkeeper Delhasse by Jean-Marie Trappeniers. They worked for R.S.C. Anderlecht.
Honours
Player
RSC Anderlecht
Belgian First Division: 1958-59, 1961–62, 1963–64, 1964–65, 1965–66, 1966–67, 1967–68
Belgian Cup: 1964–65
Inter-Cities Fairs Cup runners-up: 1969–70
References
External links
1941 births
2016 deaths
Belgian footballers
R.S.C. Anderlecht players
K.S.K. Beveren players
Belgium international footballers
Belgian football managers
R.A.A. Louviéroise managers
K.V.V. Crossing Elewijt players
People from Beersel
Association football fullbacks
Footballers from Flemish Brabant
Vladislav Matusovich Reznik (; born 17 May 1954) is a Russian business person and politician.  They are the chairperson of the insurance company Rus, member of the general council of the United Russia political party, Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Finances, former chairperson of Rosgosstrakh.
Researcher
Vladislav Reznik graduated from the Biological Department of Leningrad State University in 1976. They hold a Kandidat degree in Biology. In 1979-1987 they worked as a researcher in the Union Research and Development Technological Institute for Antibiotics and Medical Ferments in Leningrad.
Businessman
In 1987-1989 they became a Deputy Director General of Russkoye Video firm. In 1989-1990 they are a Deputy Chairman of Rossiya Bank (established by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union). Since 1990 Reznik is the head of the insurance company Rus. As the head of Rus, Reznik was an employer of the young lawyer Dmitri Medvedev, future President of Russia. In 2002, they sold their stake in Rus for $10 million. In 1995-1998 Reznik was the Chairman of main Russian state-owned insurance company Rosgosstrakh. Since 1995 they are a director of Obi-bank bank and since 1996 they are a director of Mosbiznesbank.
Politician
In 1999 Reznik was elected to the State Duma as a member of the Unity political party.  They are a member of the United Russia since its formation by a merger of Unity and the Fatherland – All Russia. In 2001 they became the deputy chairperson of the United Russia party. They were responsible for the economical program of the party.
In 2003 Reznik was re-elected to the State Duma. In Duma Reznik became the Chairman of the Committee on Finances. They were the main author of the 2006 law On preventing laundering of the income from criminal activities and financing of terrorism establishing stricter control over bank operations.
The Spanish Case
In 2008 a fictitious case was filed by Spanish Interpol against a group of Russians, which included a civil servant Vladislav Reznik. The investigation had lasted almost 11 years, the suspects were accused of “money laundering”. The Investigation Department of the MOI refused to institute criminal proceedings because the financial documents presented by the accused were clean, and the transaction that prompted the filing of the case was completely legal.
On February 19, 2018, a trial took place in a Spanish court, where Reznik was acquitted of all charges.
In October 2018, the National Court of Spain dropped the charges against all the Russians, involved in the case, including the deputy of the State Duma, Chairman of the Committee on Finances Vladislav Reznik. The acquittal was based on the fact that the evidence presented by the investigators did not confirm the accusations thus making them unfounded. Tax returns and other documents, which were presented to the court by Vladislav Reznik's defense, confirmed that all of the politician's income was completely legal and transparent.
U.S. sanctions
In April 2018, the United States imposed sanctions on Reznik and 23 other Russian nationals.
References
1954 births
Living people
Politicians from Saint Petersburg
United Russia politicians
Third convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fourth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Fifth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Sixth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Seventh convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Businesspeople from Saint Petersburg
Russian individuals subject to the U.S. Department of the Treasury sanctions
Eighth convocation members of the State Duma (Russian Federation)
Family Business Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Business. The journal's editor is G. Tyge Payne (Texas Tech University). It has been in publication since 1988 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the Family Firm Institute.
Scope
Family Business Review seeks to explore the dynamics of family-controlled enterprise, including firms ranging in size from the very large to the relatively small. The scholarly journal publishes interdisciplinary research on families of wealth and the family office covering such areas as succession planning, the impact of family dynamics on managerial behaviors and estate and tax planning.
Abstracting and indexing
Family Business Review is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2018 impact factor is 6.188, ranking it #13 out of 147 journals in the category ‘Business'.
References
External links
English-language journals
Publications established in 1988
SAGE Publishing academic journals
Scantlebury Skate Park is a public skatepark built in Scantlebury Park in the Dixwell neighborhood of New Haven, Connecticut. The park opened in 2020.
Park history
Ella B. Scantlebury Park was named after New Haven's first African-American and first woman City Treasurer, Ella Scantlebury.
Building campaign
The Scantlebury Skatepark was conceived of by two New Haven residents and skateboard enthusiasts, Steve Roberts and J. Joseph, Yale class of 2019. The city of New Haven supported the campaign. Roberts and Joseph garnered funding for their project with $50,000 from The Could Be Fund and a $25,000 donation from Yale's Schwarzman Center. Despite an initial pushback from some members of the community, the Scantlebury Skatepark opened in 2020 and is well used and loved by the community.
Construction
Bridgeport-based Rampage skateboard company built the skatepark.
References
Parks in New Haven, Connecticut
Skateparks in the United States
The South Broad Street Historic District in Monroe, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included 14 contributing buildings.
The largest properties are the Walker-FieIds House and the Wright-Henson House; the oldest is the John Felker House, which has elements of both Plantation Plain and American Gothic architecture.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Georgia
Victorian architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Neoclassical architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
Kerala or Keralam (as it is known in the region's Malayalam language) is called ‘alam' meaning ‘the land of', and ‘kera' meaning ‘coconut'. Jammed between the sea and coastal mountains, Kerala is subject to the monsoon rains that flood the land and the rice paddies on the subcontinent's southern tip. Long growing seasons yield a coconut crop every 40 days, with each tree producing 20 to 30 coconuts per harvest. Keralites, most of whom seem to have at least four or five trees on their small plots of land, claim they are Kalpa Vriksham —“the trees of heaven.” They use the coconuts themselves for food, tender coconuts for water and spirituous toddy for drinking; the fronds for mats and roofs; the oil for cooking; and the husk fibre for a thriving rope industry. They are intrinsically tied to the culture and folklore well. It is a part of every celebration —as an ingredient in the Keralan delicacies prepared, as offering to the gods and to mark an auspicious occasion (by breaking a coconut). Various terms like copra and coir are derived from the native Malayalam language.
By the late 1970s it accounted for some 68% of total production in India and at one stage some 8,99,198 hectares were reportedly under cultivation. Today Kerala produces roughly 45% of India's coconuts, with some 92% of total production lying in the southern Indian states and Kerala's neighbours. The Coconut Development Board which plays an important role in the development of coconut production in India has its headquarters in Kochi, Kerala. One problem which poses a major threat to production in Kerala is 'Root Wilt Disease'.
Places with high cultivation
Coastal regions have sandy soils which is the best for coconut trees which results in a higher yield of the produce (fruit). In Kerala Interior places with fertile soils and plain regions also give good growth to coconut trees.
Places (List)
Trivandrum
Kochi
Kollam
Alappuzha
Ponnani
Tanur
Kozhikode
Kannur
Places in plain fertile regions of Kottayam and Pathanamthitta District.
Uses
In Kerala, the coconut tree is called as "Kalpa Vriksham" which essentially means all parts of a Coconut tree is useful some way or other. Cocus nucifera dominate the landscape in many parts, rising up to a height of 25m, and bearing over 50 fruits on average in a year. The trees have many uses; their leaves are used to make sheds, baskets, and doormats, the husk for making coir, the shell for making ladles and spoons, and fruits used for making hair oil or for eating. Coconut is a staple ingredient in many Kerala dishes and coconut oil is widely consumed and used to make drinks such as coconut toddy and dishes such as appam. Coconut is also used for making coconut paste which is essential for making traditional curryes.
A number of places in Kerala such as Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Kumarakom, Paravur, Mararikulam and Periyar offer coconut tours to visitors in their plantations, providing an insight into coconut cultivation in Kerala.
Picture gallery
See also
Coir
Copra
Coconut production in India
Coconut Development Board
Geography of Kerala
Tourism in Kerala
Cuisine of Kerala
References
External links
Coconut production
Agriculture in Kerala
Agricultural production in India by commodity
Commodity markets in Kerala
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Shima-Yokoyama Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 61.9 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of two opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing. There is no station building. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Shima-Yokoyama Station opened on July 23, 1929 as on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. The station was renamed to its present name in December 1946. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 43 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Shima Hospital
Mt. Yokoyama look-out point
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Shima-Yokoyama Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
The following is a list of international prime ministerial trips made by Narendra Modi since they became the Prime Minister of India following the 2014 Indian general election. They did not make any international trip in 2020 due to COVID-19 pandemic.
Summary of international trips
As of , Narendra Modi has made 66 foreign trips, visiting 63 countries including the visits to the United States to attend the United Nations General Assembly, to Asian countries, following their neighbourhood first and act east policies.
:
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2021
2022
Scheduled future visits
Multilateral meetings
See also
List of international trips made by prime ministers of India
History of Indian foreign relations
Premiership of Narendra Modi
References
External links
Outgoing Visits – by Ministry of External Affairs
Prime Ministerial trips
Indian prime ministerial visits
Prime Ministerial trips
Geography-related lists
2014 in international relations
2015 in international relations
2016 in international relations
2015 in foreign relations of India
Diplomacy-related lists
Narendra Modi-related lists
Hope For The Warriors is a national nonprofit organization in the United States that provides assistance to combat wounded service members, their families, and families of those killed in action. The organization focuses on those involved in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom and their families. Hope For The Warriors recently received a Four-Star Rating from Charity Navigator and was highlighted by George W. Bush in the Warrior Open.
About
Hope For The Warriors was co-founded in 2006 by Robin Kelleher and Shannon Maxwell. They decided to found an advocacy group after Maxwell's husband, Tim Maxwell, was wounded in Iraq and suffered a traumatic brain injury (TBI). Hope For The Warriors provides aid to veterans in multiple forms, including building or refurbishing homes and providing professional development. It raises awareness of returning veterans by hosting Run For The Warriors in different areas of the United States, and by hosting athletes in Team Hope For The Warriors, who run or handcycle in the Marine Corps Marathon and the New York City Marathon or compete in triathlons, in order to raise money for the non-profit organization. Hope For The Warriors was a charity partner for both the 2011 Marine Corps Marathon and the 2011 New York City Marathon.
Hope For The Warriors was mentioned on Salon.com in an article called "How to give back this Thanksgiving". The article cites Hope For The Warriors as a worthy military charity to donate to based on its Charity Navigator rating.
Notable Board Members
The Hope For The Warriors website lists all of the nonprofit's board of directors. Some of its most notable board members include Jack Marin, Capt. Dan Moran, General Charles Krulak, General Richard Cody, Charlie Summers, and Gary Sinise.
References
United States military support organizations
Organizations established in 2006
Charities based in Virginia
The Goodman Building is a late Victorian style historic commerce building in downtown Austin, Texas. It was constructed as a grocery in the mid-1880s to serve Austinites northwest of the Texas State Capitol. Today it serves as a state government adjunct office. A local bar, "The Cloak Room," occupies the basement and is a favorite for government employees. It is located at 202 W. 13th Street. The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Texas Historical Commission Marker Text
Constructed in the 1880s for Joseph Goodman, grocer in this block 1877–1924. Jacob Bickler's German and English academy, elite preparatory school, was on upper floor 1892–1896. Building is noted for rare brick work, ornamental iron.
Gallery
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Austin, Texas
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
Grocery store buildings
Agitation in predementia and dementia is distressed affect that leads to poor moods and often aggression toward other people, such as family members and other caregivers. Agitation is often part of dementia and often precedes the diagnosis of common age-related disorders of cognition such as Alzheimer's disease (AD). More than 80% of people who develop AD eventually become agitated or aggressive. Agitation in dementia overlaps with psychomotor agitation but is not always equal to it, depending on whose definition is used. Although some authorities consider them synonymous, psychomotor agitation by definition ("-motor") involves maladaptive movements, whereas agitation in predementia and dementia often involves distress, fear, and aggression even when repetitive purposeless movements (such as pacing) are absent. The synonymy viewpoint views the whole topic as a single spectrum in which repetitive purposeless movements may arise or not, or recede, at various times.
Evaluation
It is important to rule out infection and other environmental causes of agitation, such as disease or other bodily discomfort, before initiating any intervention. If no such explanation is found, it is important to support caregivers and educate them about simple strategies such as distraction that may delay the transfer to institutional care (which is often triggered by the onset of agitation).
Treatment
There is no FDA-approved treatment for agitation in dementia.
Medical treatment may begin with a cholinesterase inhibitor, which appears safer than other alternatives although evidence for its efficacy is mixed. If this does not improve the symptoms, atypical antipsychotics may offer an alternative, although they are effective against agitation only in the short-term while posing a well-documented risk of cerebrovascular events (e.g. stroke). Other possible interventions, such as traditional antipsychotics or antidepressants, are less well studied for this condition.
References
Dementia
Dixon Voldean Edwards, III (born March 25, 1968) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and Minnesota Vikings. They played college football at Michigan State University.
Early years
Edwards attended Aiken High School in Cincinnati, Ohio, where they earned All-district honors as a tight end and defensive tackle.
They accepted a football scholarship from Michigan State University. They were a backup during their first 2 seasons.
As a junior in 1989, in their first season as a starter at weakside linebacker, they finished second on the team in tackles (111) to All-American Percy Snow and tied for the team lead in tackles for loss (11), earning an All-Big Ten honorable-mention. They had 14 tackles against the University of Miami, 13 against the University of Michigan and 14 against the University of Iowa.
As a senior, they had 112 tackles (7 for loss), 2 sacks, one pass defensed, 2 forced fumbles and 2 fumble recoveries. Edwards led the Spartans with a single-game career-high 16 tackles in their upset of then-No. 1 ranked University of Michigan. They earned second-team All-Big Ten honors at the end of the year.
During their college career, they registered 254 career tackles, 18 tackles for loss, 4 passes defensed and 4 sacks, while helping the Spartans to a 31-14-1 record, two Big Ten titles and a 3-1 bowl game record (including the 1988 Rose Bowl win).
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Edwards was selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the second round (37th overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft. Because of their speed and hitting ability, they were moved to strongside linebacker, even though they had a small frame at 6-1 and 225 pounds. On September 25, they were activated from the injured reserve list. They played mainly on special teams and tied for fourth on the team with 10 tackles. The next year, they were second on the team with 15 special teams tackles.
In 1993, they became the starter at strongside linebacker after Vinson Smith was traded to the Chicago Bears on August 17. They posted 82 tackles (seventh on the team), 1.5 sacks, one quarterback pressure and 12 special teams tackles. They saw limited action in Super Bowl XXVIII because the Cowboys kept 5 defensive backs on the field for most of the contest.
In 1994, they recorded 104 tackles (third on the team), 5 tackles for loss, one sack, 2 quarterback pressures, 3 passes defensed and 9 special teams tackles (tenth on the team). They dislocated their right shoulder in the first quarter of the NFC Championship Game against the San Francisco 49ers and was replaced with Godfrey Myles.
In 1995, they were third on the team with 109 tackles.
In the 90's, the Cowboys organization felt they could find linebackers through the draft, without the need of paying a premium and adversely impacting the salary cap, so they allowed talented and productive players like him, Ken Norton, Jr., Darrin Smith, Robert Jones and Randall Godfrey, to leave via free agency, instead of signing them to long-term contracts.
During their 5 seasons with the Cowboys, Edwards helped the team win 3 Super Bowls, playing as a starter in Super Bowl XXVIII and Super Bowl XXX. In 1996 after they left as a free agent, the Cowboys replaced them by signing Broderick Thomas.
Minnesota Vikings
On February 25, 1996, Edwards signed as a free agent with the Minnesota Vikings, replacing Broderick Thomas and becoming the Vikings highest paid linebacker in franchise history. During training camp Ed McDaniel was injured, so the team was forced to move them to weakside linebacker, where they would have the best year of their career with 122 tackles, 3.5 sacks and one interception.
In 1997, they were moved back to the strongside linebacker position, where their production began to decline.
On June 2, 1999, they were released for salary cap reasons. In their three years with the Vikings, Edwards started 43 of the 45 games, made 250 tackles, 5 sacks, one interception, 7 passes defensed, 3 forced fumbles and 2 fumble recoveries.
Miami Dolphins
On June 21, 1999, the Miami Dolphins signed them to a one-year contract, to add depth and experience at the outside linebacker position, while reuniting them with Jimmy Johnson. In training camp they were diagnosed with an irregular heartbeat and although they were medically cleared, they decided to stop playing and was released before the season started on August 4.
Edwards appeared in 120 regular season games in their career, starting 90 of them. Their NFL career statistics include 573 tackles, 7.5 sacks, two interceptions for 54 yards and a touchdown, four fumble recoveries, seven forced fumbles and 19 passes defensed. They also had 50 special teams tackles.
Personal life
On KTCK AM in Dallas, Edwards is known for an interview they did where they said the words "you know" an inordinate number of times to the point where it became unintentionally comedic.
References
1968 births
Living people
Players of American football from Cincinnati
American football linebackers
Michigan State Spartans football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Minnesota Vikings players
Miami Dolphins players
Virginia's 32nd Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Democrat Janet Howell since 1992.
Geography
District 32 is based in Fairfax County in the suburbs of Washington D.C., including some or all of Reston, Oak Hill, Franklin Farm, Wolf Trap, Tysons, McLean, and Pimmit Hills; the district also takes in a small portion of Arlington County.
The district overlaps with Virginia's 8th, 10th, and 11th congressional districts, and with the 34th, 35th, 36th, 47th, 48th, 53rd, 67th, and 86th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates.
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 32
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
2007
2003
1999
1995
References
Virginia Senate districts
Arlington County, Virginia
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Bernie Saunders (born June 21, 1956) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who played two seasons in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Nordiques.
Bernie was only the 5th black hockey player to play in the NHL. The others before them were Willie O'Ree, Mike Marson, Bill Riley, and Tony McKegney.
Early life
Saunders was born in Montreal, Quebec and moved to the Toronto area when they were a toddler. They returned to Québec as a teenager and spent most high school at H.S. Billings High School in Châteauguay, Quebec. The Saunders family moved back to the Toronto area their senior year of high school, and Bernie graduated from Ajax High School, in Ajax, Ontario. It was during this year playing junior hockey in Ontario that Saunders first experienced racism on the ice.
Early and college career
While in Châteaguay, Saunders and their brother John played Jr B hockey for the Châteauguay Wings under the tutelage of Jacques Demers, who would go on to coach in the WHA and NHL. When the family moved to the Toronto area, Bernie played for the Pickering Panthers in the Metro Jr B league for two years under coach Sherry Bassin. The Panthers were a strong franchise and several of the team went on to play for the Saint Louis Billikens in the old CCHA. The Saunders brothers played college hockey at Western Michigan University in the 1970s along with future New York Rangers GM Neil Smith.
John finished their career at Ryerson in Toronto where they were an Ontario University Athletic Association All Star for the Rams. Bernie finished their WMU career with 76 goals, 78 assists and 154 points in 4 seasons, leading WMU in goals 3 times and twice being recognized as the team's MVP. They captained the WMU hockey team their senior year and was inducted into the Western Michigan University Athletic Hall of Fame in 1994. There is also a banner honoring them at Lawson Arena, the home rink of WMU hockey.
Pro career
After completing their career at WMU, Saunders signed with Quebec Nordiques in the Nordiques' first year in the NHL after switching over from the defunct WHA. In their first professional year, Saunders was assigned to the Cincinnati Stingers in the old Central Hockey League (CHL) where they recorded 13 goals, and 11 assists for 24 points in 29 games. The NHL/WHA merger dictated that each ex-WHA team had to send players to stock Cincinnati which was one of the ex-WHA teams that did not enter the NHL. However, the Stingers folded operations at Christmas time (79/80 season) so Saunders was reassigned to the Syracuse Firebirds in the American Hockey League (AHL) where they finished their first professional year. They recorded 23 goals, 17 assists and 40 points in the AHL for total rookie stats in the minors with 36 goals, 28 assists for 64 points in 67 games. Saunders played 4 games with the Nordiques at the end of that year before returning to Syracuse to play in the AHL playoffs.
The following year, the Nordiques failed to have an AHL/CHL farm team as the Syracuse Firebirds folded at the end of the year. As a result, Saunders was reassigned to play in the Montreal Canadiens organization for the Nova Scotia Voyageurs on loan from the Nordiques along with Reg Thomas and Roland Cloutier. Their second year statistics were 17 goals, 21 assists, and 38 points for the Voyageurs; they also played in 6 games with the Nordiques that year where they recorded one assist. After being sent back to the minors with the Nordiques' new farm team, Fredericton Express, at the end of that year Saunders signed with the Kalamazoo Wings in the IHL and playing a pre-retirement year in the city where they played as a college player. They scored 38 goals and 37 assists for 75 points in an injury-plagued final year (70 games).
Decades later, Saunders, disgusted at the racist murder of George Floyd and the racist treatment Black hockey players are still receiving in the NHL and in the media, wrote about their own experiences in a 2021 autobiography, Shut Out: The Game That Did Not Love Me Black,
Personal life and family
Saunders' brother was the late ESPN sportscaster, John Saunders. After their playing career ended, Saunders fell back on their degree from Western Michigan and spent 17 years in the pharmaceutical industry with the Upjohn Company before moving on to other commercial positions within the industry.
Saunders has three sons: Jonathan, Shawn, and Andrew. Jonathan played defense for the Miami RedHawks men's ice hockey team; Shawn played four years at UMass, while Andrew pursued a career in law enforcement while attending East Carolina University. Saunders is retired and currently resides in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Awards and honours
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Anglophone Quebec people
Black Canadian ice hockey players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Cincinnati Stingers (CHL) players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Kalamazoo Wings (1974–2000) players
Nova Scotia Voyageurs players
Quebec Nordiques players
Syracuse Firebirds players
Undrafted National Hockey League players
Western Michigan Broncos men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Dokiparru is a village in Gudlavalleru mandal, located in the Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Sri Bhusametha Venkateswara Swami Temple is a popular temple in this village, making the village a pilgrimage place.
How to Reach
APSRTC bus number 333D from KR Market, Vijayawada takes to this temple. By train Kavutaram is the nearest Railway Station in the line of Secunderabad, Vijayawada and Machilipatnam. This station is 4.8 km away from the temple. Autos are available.
Climate
Temperature ranges between 40-47 °C during summer, and 12-28 °C during winter. It takes 45 min to 1 hour to reach from Machilipatnam, and 2–3 hours from Vijayawada. Vijayawada is 60 km away, Machilipatnam is 17 km far, Gudivada is 19 km, Vuyyuru is 28 km from Dokiparru.
References
Villages in Krishna district
Jesse Brock (born July 18, 1972, in Decatur, Illinois) is a bluegrass artist who plays the mandolin and supplies both lead and supporting vocals. They record and tours with the East Tennessee based Authentic Unlimited Band, which made their stage debut on February 19, 2022, in Asheville, North Carolina. Jesse's second solo recording entitled "Streamliner" was released in July 2021 by Sound Biscuit Productions.
Jesse resides in Franklin, Tennessee, with their wife Kristine. Over a career in excess of 35 years, Jesse previously performed with The CW Brock Family, Lynn Morris Band, Chris Jones & the Nightdrivers, Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper, Audie Blaylock and Redline, The Gibson Brothers and Fast Track.
In November of 2021, Jesse Brock announced that they would be leaving The Gibson Brothers after playing with them for 5 years.
Discography
2002: Kickin' Grass (Pinecastle)
2021: "Streamliner" (Sound Biscuit Productions)
Awards
Individual
2009 IBMA Mandolin Player of the Year
2015 IBMA Mandolin Player of the Year
Group
2009 IBMA Instrumental Band of the Year (Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper)
2009 IBMA Instrumental Recorded Performance of the Year ("Jerusalem Ridge" with Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper)
2008 IBMA Instrumental Band of the Year (Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper)
2007 IBMA Instrumental Band of the Year (Michael Cleveland & Flamekeeper)
References
External links
www.jessebrock.com
www.authenticunlimitedband.com
1972 births
American country singer-songwriters
American bluegrass musicians
Living people
American bluegrass mandolinists
Musicians from Decatur, Illinois
Singers from Maine
Songwriters from Maine
Singer-songwriters from Illinois
Country musicians from Illinois
Country musicians from Maine
21st-century American singers
Michael Alan Schwartz is an American academic and psychiatrist based in Austin, Texas. In 2018 Schwartz retired as Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Joint Professor of Humanities in Medicine at the Texas A&M School of Medicine.  They are currently and Adjunct Professor at this medical school. Their work has focused on advancing pluralistic, person and people-centered approaches to psychiatric assessment, care and treatment.
Schwartz is one of the Founding Editors-in-Chief of Philosophy, Ethics and Humanities in Medicine, Associate Editor of Philosophy, Psychiatry and Psychology, and a member of the Comité de Lecture of PSN (Psychiatrie, Sciences humaines, Neurosciences).  They are a Distinguished Life Fellow of the American Psychiatric Association.
Education
Schwartz received their A.B. from Princeton University and their M.D. from Cornell University Medical College. Subsequently, they joined Cornell University's hospital as an intern and continued working there until 1974. From 1972 to 1974, they also worked as a clinical associate at the Laboratory of Neuropsychiatry at the National Institute of Mental Health.
Career
In 1974, Schwartz joined the Cornell University Medical College as an Assistant Professor of Psychiatry. Simultaneously, they started working as an inpatient unit chief at the New York Hospital - Westchester Division. In 1979, they joined the New York Medical College as an Associate Professor of Clinical Psychiatry and taught there until 1992 when they left to join Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. While teaching at Case Western, they also served as Professor and Vice Chair of Education in Psychiatry from 1992 to 1996 and as Professor of Psychiatry from 1996-2000.
Schwartz became Clinical Professor of Psychiatry at Case Western in 2000. In 2005, they left Case Western and joined the University of Hawai'i at Manoa as Clinical Professor of Psychiatry. After leaving University of Hawaii in 2012, Schwartz joined the Texas A&M Health Science Center College of Medicine and served, until 2018, as Clinical Professor of Psychiatry and Joint Professor of Humanities in Medicine. While at Texas A&M, they have served as Regional Chair (Round Rock) for the Texas A&M College of Medicine's Departments of Psychiatry (2012) and of Humanities in Medicine (2012-2017).  They are presently an Adjunct Professor at the Texas A&M College of Medicine.
In 1991, Schwartz served as Founding President of the Association for the Advancement of Philosophy and Psychiatry (AAPP). They served as President of AAPP from 1991-1994 and was on the Executive Council of AAPP from 1989-2013.
Since 2013, Schwartz has served on the Executive Council of the Karl Jaspers Society of North America, and since 2019 on the National Advisory Council of the Hogg Foundation for Mental Health.
Work
Schwartz's work, anchored in phenomenology, has focused on advancing pluralistic, person and people-centered approaches to psychiatric assessment, care and treatment. Their work emphasizes that any single theory used to understand and treat the person will only permit a one-sided and limited perspective on that patient's situation - pointing the psychiatrist toward some facts about the patient but at the same time blinding the psychiatrist to others. In order to gain a fuller understanding, the psychiatrist must draw on other perspectives, also one-sided and limited. Hence, in the end, every perspective both reveals and conceals aspects of the patient's condition.
Awards and honors
1974 - Fellow, American Academy of Forensic Sciences
1977 - Fellow, New York Academy of Medicine
1982 - Distinguished fellow, American Psychiatric Association
1996 - Honorary Member, Societè Italiana per la Psicopatologia
1996 - Exemplary Paper in Humility Theology Award from John Templeton Foundation
1998 - Dr. Margrit Egnér-Stiftung Prize, University of Zurich, Switzerland. Shared with Osborne Wiggins
2000 - Exemplary Psychiatrist Award from NAMI (National Alliance for the Mentally Ill)
2005 - Distinguished Life Fellow, American Psychiatric Association
Selected publications
Books
Phenomenology, Language, and Schizophrenia (1992)
Philosophical Perspectives on Psychiatric Diagnostic Classification (1994)
Norepinephrine in Brain: Neurobiology and Therapeutics for the 21st Century (2007)
Articles
Gillin JC, Cannon HE, Magyar R, Schwartz MA, and Wyatt RJ: Failure of N,N,-Dimethyltryptamine to evoke tolerance in cats. Biological Psychiatry 7:213-219, 1973.
Schwartz MA, Wiggins O: Science, humanism and the nature of medical practice: a phenomenological view. Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 28:331-361, 1985 (Reprinted in Odegaard CE: Dear Doctor: A Personal Letter to a Physician The Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, Menlo Park, California, pps. 117-156, 1987).
Schwartz MA, and Wiggins OP: Systems and the structuring of meaning: contributions to a biopsychosocial medicine. American Journal of Psychiatry 143:1213-1221, 1986.
Schwartz MA, and Wiggins OP: Typifications: The first step for clinical diagnosis in psychiatry. The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease 175:65-77, 1987.
Schwartz MA, and Wiggins OP: Perspectivism and the methods of psychiatry. Comprehensive Psychiatry 29:237-251, 1988.
Wiggins OP, and Schwartz MA: Is there a science of meaning? Integrative Psychiatry 7:48-53, 1991.
Schwartz MA: Neurophilosophy, psychopathology and clinical psychiatric science, Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease, 179:317-319, 1991.
Schwartz MA, Wiggins OP: Phenomenology and psychiatry. In L Embree (Ed) Encycl of Phenomenology, Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht, Holland, 1997, pp. 562–568.
Schwartz MA, Wiggins OP, Spitzer M: Psychotic experience and disordered thinking: A reappraisal from new perspectives. The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease, 185:176-187, 1997.
Mishara AL, Schwartz, MA: Psychopathology in the light of emerging trends in the philosophy of consciousness, neuropsychiatry and phenomenology. Current Opinion in Psychiatry 383-389. 1997.
Schwartz, MA, Wiggins OP: Psychosomatic medicine and the philosophy of life. Philosophy, Ethics, and Humanities in Medicine 2010 5: (January 21, 2010).
Schwartz MA, Moskalewicz M, Wiggins OP: Karl Jaspers: The Icon of Modern Psychiatry. Israel Journal of Psychiatry and Related Sciences 54(2), 4-9, 2017.
Moskalewicz M, Schwartz MA: Temporal Experience in Mania. Phenomenology and the Cognitive Sciences 2018.
Moskalewicz M, Schwartz MA, Wiggins OP: The Gift of Mental Illness: The Rise and Fall of Cultures from a Psychiatric Perspective. Eidos 2(4), 2018
Moskalewicz M, Schwartz MA, Gozè T: Phenomenology of Intuitive Judgment. Praecox Feeling in the Diagnosis of Schizophrenia. AVANT, Vol. IX, No. 2/2018
Moskalewicz M, Kordel1 P, Brejwo A, Schwartz MA, Gozé T: Psychiatrists Report Praecox Feeling and Find It Reliable. A Cross-Cultural Comparison. Frontiers in Psychiatry, March 5, 2021
Schlimme JA, and Schwartz MA: Highlighting individuality: Reduction of psychopharmaca requires individual prescriptions during individual recovery. In Peter Lehmann & Craig Newnes (Eds) Withdrawal from Prescribed Psychotropic Drugs. Peter Lehmann Publishing, Berlin & Lancaster, 2021, pp. 229–241.
References
Living people
Texas A&M University faculty
Year of birth missing (living people)
Simple Things (, translit. Prosty'e veshchi) is a 2007 Russian comedy-drama film. Written and directed by Alexei Popogrebski, the film stars Sergei Puskepalis and Leonid Bronevoy.
The film was nominated for the Golden Eagle Award for Best Motion Picture and won Best Screenplay. Popogrebski and Bronevoy were also nominated for Best Director and Best Supporting Actor, respectively. Bronevoy also won a Nika Award for Best Supporting Actor.
Plot
A dying actor (Bronevoy) asks a doctor (Puskepalis) to help them commit suicide in exchange for a painting masterpiece.
Cast
Sergei Puskepalis as Sergei Maslov
Leonid Bronevoy as Zhuravlyov
Svetlana Kamynina as Katya
Dinara Kutuyevam as Lena
Ivan Osipov as Pyotr
Malkhaz Zhvaniya as Georgy
References
External links
Simple Things (Простые вещи) at russiancinema.ru
2007 films
2007 comedy-drama films
Russian comedy-drama films
Assisted suicide
Cook's rattail, Coelorinchus cookianus, is a species of rattail found around New Zealand at depths of between 250 and 900 m. Its length is between 10 and 25 cm.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
Macrouridae
Endemic marine fish of New Zealand
Fish described in 1980
Processing speed may refer to
Cognitive processing speed
Instructions per second, a measure of a computer's processing speed
Clock speed, also known as processor speed
The Weardale Railway is an independently-owned British single-track branch line heritage railway between , Witton-le-Wear, Wolsingham, Frosterley and Stanhope. Weardale Railway began services on 23 May 2010, but decided to run special trains rather than a scheduled service for the 2013 season. The line was purchased by the Auckland Project in 2020 with a view to restarting passenger services. In 2021, a bid was submitted to the 'Restoring Your Railways fund. In October 2021, the Department for Transport allocated funding for the development of a business case.
The railway originally ran from Bishop Auckland to Wearhead in County Durham, North-East England, a distance of , built in the nineteenth century to carry limestone from Eastgate-in-Weardale, and provide passenger services to Weardale. Passenger services ceased in 1953, leaving only freight services to Eastgate until 1992.
After the quarry's owner Lafarge moved to road transport in 1993, the line was threatened with closure by British Rail (BR), and it was taken over by a group of enthusiasts. The Weardale Railway currently runs for between Bishop Auckland and the site of Eastgate-in-Weardale Station, making the line one of the longest preserved standard gauge heritage railways in Great Britain.
Background
gained its first rail link in 1842, when the Stockton and Darlington Railway (S&DR) backed Bishop Auckland and Weardale Railway (BA&WR) gained the powers via an Act of Parliament to build a railway line from the S&DR's station at via Bishop Auckland and Witton-le-Wear into Crook, County Durham. The BA&WR initially built a temporary terminus at South Church, which opened on 19 April 1842. After completion of the Shildon tunnel, the BA&WR erected a permanent station on the current site, which opened to freight on 8 November 1843, and passengers on 30 January 1843. All operations were sub-leased as agreed to the S&DR.
In 1844, after the West Durham Railway extended from a junction with the Clarence Railway at to Crook, the S&DR extended the BA&WR from Bishop Auckland along the river valley to Witton-le-Wear, and then into Crook. In 1845, the S&DR came to an agreement with the Derwent Iron Company to sub-lease the southern section of the former Stanhope and Tyne Railway. It extended the line from Crook to and then to Blackhill. That line was opened as the Weardale Extension Railway (WXR).
In July 1845 Parliament passed the Wear Valley Act, which allowed the extension of the BA&WR from a junction at Witton-le-Wear to , and a small branchline across the river to Bishopley. With all works again undertaken by the S&DR, this line opened on 3 August 1847. After these works had been completed, the BA&WR amalgamated with the WXR. All service were operated by the S&DR, which officially took over the new company in January 1857.
In 1862, an Act of Parliament was passed allowing the S&DR backed Frosterley & Stanhope Railway to extend the line to , thus allowing trains to transport limestone from the Newlandside Estate on the south side of the town.
The final extension of the Weardale Railway to opened on 21 October 1895. Between Eastgate and Westgate at Cambo Keels, sidings were established to serve the Weardale Iron Company's Heights limestone quarry, which is still in operation today.
Decline and closure
As elsewhere the UK, rail traffic in the area declined after World War II, with the Wearhead branch the first to lose its passenger trains in 1953. The principal closures came in the 1960s, post the Beeching Axe. Services to Barnard Castle via West Auckland ended in 1962, those to Durham in 1964, and to Crook in 1965. That left only the former original S&DR line to line in operation, along with the freight-only branch traffic to Eastgate.
Durham County Council recognised the value of the line to leisure services by 1983 when, with the patronage of David Bellamy, intermittent specials began to serve Stanhope again under the banner of "The Heritage Line", because of the S&DR association. This became a scheduled weekend-only summer service, printed in BR public timetables, between 23 May 1988 and 27 September 1992. Etherley, otherwise known as Witton Park Station, was re-opened on 21 August 1991. It has not re-opened under the post 2010 Weardale Railway operation.
In March 1993, Lafarge decided to service the Eastgate cement works by road and end its use of rail. British Rail then announced its intention to close the line due to the loss of revenue. Local authorities sought another use for the line and considered that the only immediate possibility was a steam-hauled tourist service.
Formation of Weardale Railway Trust
The Weardale Railway preservation project was founded in 1993, with the intention that a private company should take ownership of the line and start a steam service for tourists on the scenic western section. The operating company was known as the Weardale Railways Ltd, a company limited by guarantee.
The Weardale Railway Trust (WRT) is a voluntary group whose members are supporters of the project. WRT was initially just a "supporters' club" but it assumed a more prominent role as Weardale Railways Ltd got into difficulties. In 2006 WRT took a 12.5% minority stake in the ownership of Weardale Railways Ltd.
Large sums of public sector grant finance were obtained or conditionally pledged from various donors including the Regional development agency (One NorthEast), Durham County Council and the Wear Valley District Council. The Manpower Services Commission contributed to the wages of paid staff in what had become an area of high unemployment, and this allowed a 40-strong workforce to be recruited, a depot and base of operations to be established at Wolsingham and the station at Stanhope to be restored. Services started in July 2004, initially from Wolsingham to Stanhope but with the intention of extending them along the full length of the remaining line. There were even plans to rebuild the Eastgate to Wearhead section which had been lifted.
Eventually, a community interest company known as Ealing Community Transport agreed to pay £100,000 for a 75% stake in Weardale Railways Ltd and provide management support to the project. Ealing Community Transport also agreed to underwrite any further operating losses incurred by Weardale Railways Ltd. This undertaking was sufficient to allow the creditors of Weardale Railways Ltd to permit the resumption of limited services on the line in August 2006.
British American Railway Services
In September 2008, Ealing Community Transport's 75% interest in WRC was transferred to British American Railway Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of US private company Iowa Pacific Holdings. Ed Ellis, the spokesperson for these firms, visited the Weardale Railway in October 2008, and announced an intention to reopen the line to Bishop Auckland by the end of 2008.
In October 2008, the line's paid staff and volunteers undertook the "Brush Blitz" to clear 14 years of vegetation growth from the track between Wolsingham and Bishop Auckland. After two damaged sections of track were repaired, in early 2009 a passenger-carrying Wickham trolley (light rail vehicle) was able to negotiate the line from Wolsingham to within sight of Bishop Auckland station. Ellis also announced plans to build a rail freight terminal at Eastgate for the loading of aggregates from local quarries together with other freight, including mineral, food and agricultural commodities.
On 27 March 2009 the railway's website reported that Network Rail had undertaken to re-install missing points and crossings at Bishop Auckland to reconnect the Weardale Line with the national rail network. It was stated that this would be done before 31 July 2009. Network Rail completed the connection in early September 2009. On 29 September 2009, the development of the Eastgate Renewable Energy Village received unanimous outline approval by the County Durham strategic planning committee, thus providing a potential boost to the line's future prospects. By 2013 this project appeared stalled.
In December 2009, it was announced that UK Coal was interested in using the line to transport coal from an opencast (open pit) coal mine in the line's catchment area and that local quarry owners had been approached about the possibility of shipping aggregates along the line. This is intended to ensure the future of the line as a viable business.
In February 2020, Iowa-Pacific, the parent company of British American Railway Services, announced their intention to sell the line. It was purchased in March 2020 by the Auckland Project, a County Durham charity.
Operations
On 25 January 2010, Them Majesty's Railway Inspectorate travelled on the Weardale line checking bridges, fences and crossings along the 18-mile stretch between Stanhope and Bishop Auckland. Only a few minor works were needed to get the line ready for passenger use, and these were completed in time for a to Stanhope charter train to run. In February 2010, this became the first mainline passenger service to travel the line since the 1980s. It was followed on 27 February by a railtour from Crewe to Stanhope, operated by Spitfire Railtours.
Regular passenger services to Bishop Auckland started on 23 May 2010, but for the 2013 season a scheduled service was not offered, the railway instead offering themed operations, such as Dine and Ride and the Polar Express.
Since 2014, the Railway Trust has operated passenger trains on selected weekdays and weekends for mostly tourist traffic using a Class 122 "Bubble Car". Initially, this only ran between Wolsingham and Stanhope but, on 27 March 2016, this service was extended to Witton-le-Wear. In April 2018, the Weardale Railway CIC announced that works had commenced to lift a short section of track at Broken Banks (approximately west of Bishop Auckland) to enable the embankment to be repaired after subsidence had made the line unusable for passenger traffic. Once the works were completed it was intended to reinstate the tracks and extend the Stanhope to Witton-le-Wear passenger service back to Bishop Auckland West station. Since July 2018, two of the three daily return services between Stanhope and Witton-le-Wear now continue to Bishop Auckland West station.
After receiving planning permission to load opencast coal, mined in the Crook area, alterations and arrangements were made to the Weardale Railway Depot at Wolsingham, to receive and transship the coal from road to rail. The first loaded coal train left Wolsingham on 16 June 2011 bound for steel works in Scunthorpe. Later, services were extended to include the power station at Ratcliffe On Soar, near Nottingham. This became a five-train-a-week operation that operated until 2 October 2013, and halted as a result of the financial collapse of UK Coal, following the spoil tip landslip that destroyed the connecting railway at Hatfield Colliery in February 2013, preventing coal shipments, and the underground fire at Daw Mill Colliery the following month which plunged UK Coal into financial crisis.
Stations of the Weardale Railway
Westgate-In-Weardale Station (Planned)
Eastgate-In-Weardale Station (Planned)
Stanhope Station
Frosterley Station
Kingfisher Leisure Park Halt (under construction)
Wolsingham Station
Harperley Station (Currently Disused)
Witton-le-Wear (Re-opened, Easter 2016) (Current Terminus)
Wear Valley Junction (Currently Disused)
Etherley (Currently Disused, the railway plans to re-open it as Witton Park)
Bishop Auckland West Station (not in regular use 2012–2018; reopened during gala in April 2018 and regular services reintroduced in July 2018)
Rolling stock
Steam Locomotives
N.C.B. 40, Robert Stephenson & Hawthorns (7765 of 1954). Under overhaul.
Diesel Locomotives
BR Class 31 no. 31190 (operational)
BR Class 31 no. 31285 (operational)
BR Class 31 no. 31454 (now moved to Wensleydale Railway)
BR Class 31 no. 31459 (operational)
BR Class 31 no. 31465 (operational)
Diesel Multiple Units
BR Class 108 nos. 50980 + 52054 (operational)
BR Class 122 no. E55012 (operational)
BR Class 144 no. 144010 (to be operational)
Former residents Class 31 Nos. 31144 (spares), Class 31 31468 (spares) and 31602 (spares), Class 141 Nos. 141103 and 141110 (spares) have since been scrapped.
Notes
References
External links
The Weardale Railway project website
The Weardale Railway Locomotive Preservation Group
Iowa Pacific Holdings website
Westgate station with links to articles on other Weardale stations
Heritage railways in County Durham
History of County Durham
Stockton and Darlington Railway
North Eastern Railway (UK)
John Middleton railway stations
Willows-Glenn County Airport is a county-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) west of the central business district of Willows, a city in Glenn County, California, United States. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility. It is also known as Willows-Glenn Airport.
History
The War Department acquired by a lease (numbers W 868-ENG-2344 and W2972-ENG-1045) with Glenn County, California, in 1942. The site was used as an auxiliary airfield for Chico Army Airfield. The only improvement to the site was the asphalt runway. The Fourth Air Force declared the field excess to its needs on July 24, 1944. The lease was terminated June 11, 1945.
Facilities and aircraft
Willows-Glenn County Airport covers an area of 320 acres (129 ha) at an elevation of 141 feet (43 m) above mean sea level. It has two asphalt paved runways: 16/34 is 4,125 by 100 feet (1,257 x 30 m) and 13/31 is 3,788 by 60 feet (1,155 x 18 m). It also has one helipad designated H1 with a concrete surface measuring is 60 by 60 feet (18 x 18 m).
For the 12-month period ending March 31, 2011, the airport had 29,500 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 80 per day. At that time there were 34 aircraft based at this airport: 88% single-engine, 3% jet, and 9% helicopter.
See also
California World War II Army Airfields
References
External links
Airport page at Glenn County website
Aerial image as of August 1998 from USGS The National Map
Airports in Glenn County, California
Willows, California
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces in California
ANDRILL (ANtarctic DRILLing Project) is a scientific drilling project in Antarctica gathering information about past periods of global warming and cooling.
The project involves scientists from Germany, Italy, New Zealand, and the United States. The project is based at McMurdo Station in Antarctica. At two sites in 2006 and 2007, ANDRILL team members drilled through ice, seawater, sediment and rock to a depth over more than and recovered a virtually continuous core record from the present to nearly 20 million years ago.
Work
In studying the cores, ANDRILL scientists from various disciplines are gathering detailed information about past periods of global warming and cooling. A major goal of the project is to significantly improve the understanding of Antarctica's impact on the world's oceans currents and the atmosphere by reconstructing the behavior of Antarctic sea-ice, ice-shelves, glaciers and sea currents over tens of millions of years. When sea ice forms, it pushes the salt out, creating a mass of cold, salty, dense water that sinks to the bottom of the ocean, creating deep ocean currents that affect ocean circulation and the distribution of heat worldwide. Initial results imply rapid changes and dramatically different climates at various times on the southernmost continent.
The $30 million project has achieved its operational goal of retrieving a continuous core record of the last 17 million years, filling crucial gaps left by previous drilling projects. Making use of knowledge gained through prior Antarctic drilling projects, ANDRILL employed novel techniques to reach record depths at its two drilling sites. Among the innovations deployed were a hot-water drilling system that allowed for easier ice-boring and a flexible drill pipe that could accommodate tidal oscillations and strong currents.
On December 26, 2006, ANDRILL broke the previous record of set in 2000 by the Ocean Drilling Program's drill ship, the Joides Resolution. The record-breaking core measured . In 2007, drilling at the Southern McMurdo Sound, ANDRILL scientists recovered another of core. One goal in 2006 was to look at a period of around 3 to 5 million years ago in the Pliocene, which scientists know to be warmer. The team's sedimentologists identified more than 60 cycles in which ice sheets or glaciers advanced and retreated across McMurdo Sound.
Geologist David Harwood, who was principal investigator and co-chief scientist of the 2007 season, explained that understanding what happened in the warm period is especially important as Earth's climate continues to warm:"If we can identify time periods in Antarctica when we had minimal ice and minimal ocean freezing, we can then look at that particular interval of time - and hopefully several examples from those intervals of time — and see how the rest of the world responded. This will provide evidence to confirm or reject a lot of interpretations that have been suggested and linked to Antarctica,"
Virtual Field Trip
The New Zealand online education programme, LEARNZ, conducted a virtual field trip to the Ross Sea drill site in November 2006. In 2007, over 3,500 New Zealand school students joined LEARNZ teacher Darren on this trip. Telephone conferences were held between students and ANDRILL scientists from the drill site and the Crary Laboratory at McMurdo station.
Media coverage
NBC's news anchor Ann Curry reported from the ANDRILL camp at the U.S. McMurdo Base for a week beginning October 2, 2007. Ann Curry, reporting for a series called "Ends of the Earth," had hoped to tape at the South Pole, was held up at McMurdo due to severe weather conditions. The weather broke and about 1 a.m. local time on Friday, Nov. 9, Curry and crew finally touched down at the South Pole. It is not unusual for there to be flight delays to the South Pole in the early part of the austral summer.
References
External links
ANDRILL
Science and technology in Antarctica
University of Nebraska–Lincoln
McMurdo Station
2006 establishments in Antarctica
Luke Hemsworth (born 5 November 1980) is an Australian actor who is known for their roles as Nathan Tyson in the TV series Neighbours and as Ashley Stubbs in the HBO sci-fi series Westworld.
 They are the older brother of actors Chris Hemsworth and Liam Hemsworth.
Early life
Hemsworth was born in Melbourne, the eldest son of Leonie ( van Os), an English teacher and Craig Hemsworth, a social services counselor. Their younger brothers are actors Chris and Liam Hemsworth. Their maternal grandfather is a Dutch immigrant and their other ancestry is English, Irish, Scottish and German.
Career
Hemsworth trained in acting at the National Institute of Dramatic Art. In 2001, they started their career on the Australian soap opera Neighbours as Nathan Tyson. Mainly a television actor, Hemsworth has appeared in TV series such as The Saddle Club, Blue Heelers, Last Man Standing, All Saints, Satisfaction and Westworld. In 2012, they starred in the six part miniseries Bikie Wars: Brothers in Arms as Gregory "Shadow" Campbell.  They are set to star in the upcoming Australian war film The 34th Battalion as Robinson. They played the character Caleb Duran in the 2019 film Crypto, which follows the life of a family that gets embroiled in a crypto conspiracy involving Russian mafia.
In 2018, Hemsworth was selected as the newest face of Tourism Australia and appeared in a Dundee ad.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Male actors from Melbourne
21st-century Australian male actors
Australian male models
Australian male television actors
Models from Melbourne
Australian people of Dutch descent
Australian people of Irish descent
Australian people of English descent
Australian people of Scottish descent
Australian people of German descent
Luke
Jefford is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrew Jefford (born 1956), English journalist.
Barbara Jefford (1930–2020), British actores
Calvin Jefford (born 1987), Caymanian footballer
James Wilfred Jefford (1901–1980), first Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Pakistan Navy
Nerys Jefford, British high court judge and barrister
Ruth Jefford (1914–2007), American musician
See also
Jefford Point, is a point formed by a rock cliff surmounted by ice, located 8 nautical miles east-northeast of Cape Foster on the south coast of James Ross Island, Antarctica .
Jeffords
References
Glen is an unincorporated community and business district in Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States. The community is located southeast of the city of Aitkin at the junction of State Highway 47 (MN 47), Aitkin County Road 12 (Deer Street), and 280th Street.
Glen is located within Glen Township and Malmo Township. Nearby places include Aitkin, Malmo, Isle, Garrison, Bennettville, and Thor. Glen is five miles north of Mille Lacs Lake.
Business district
280th Street forms the township boundary line of Glen Township to the north, and Malmo Township to the south. The namesake Glen Store is along the Malmo side of the township line, as are the bulk of the establishments of the Glen business district. The store, currently replaced with a modern log building, served as the post office from 1899 to 1954.
References
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Aitkin County, Minnesota
The Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway was a heritage electric railway line that operated from 1998 to 2011 between Granville Island and Olympic Village Station (north of 6th Ave just east of Ash Street) in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It operated only on weekends and holidays, usually from May to mid-October, and was aimed primarily at tourists. Two restored interurban trams were used on the line, which used a former freight railway right-of-way.
The line was owned by the City of Vancouver. The cars were operated by volunteers from the Transit Museum Society. The car shown (1207) was privately owned. By 2018 both tram cars (1207 and 1231) have been donated and moved to the Fraser Valley Historical Railway in Cloverdale.
Heritage service
Service was inaugurated on July 29, 1998, and was considered to be a demonstration project for a modern downtown streetcar system that the city plans to develop. It continued to operate almost every summer through 2011, as an excursion-oriented historic electric railway line. In 2010, the heritage service did not operate, because the line was used for a modern-streetcar demonstration service known as the "Olympic Line" (see section below), and temporary modifications made to the line's overhead wire for that operation took longer than expected to undo, also delaying the start of 2011 service. The 2011 season began on July 1 and was scheduled to run until mid-October. The line did not operate in 2012, with service suspended indefinitely due to financial constraints, and there are no set plans to resume operation. Furthermore, a Vancouver City Council report published in March 2014 recommended against ever reviving service on the heritage line.
When last fully operational, the line ran from Granville Island to a stop near Science World and SkyTrain's Main Street-Science World Station. Since then, however, Olympics-related construction has razed sections of the line east of SkyTrain's Olympic Village Station on the Canada Line.
Fleet of heritage railcars
The fleet also includes an ex-Brussels La Brugeoise et Nivelles PCC-style streetcar, painted red and cream.
The line's operator, the Transit Museum Society, also owns a large fleet of vintage buses and trolley coaches.
2010 Olympic Line
From January 21 to March 21, 2010, a free demonstration service called the "Olympic Line" (named for the 2010 Winter Olympics) ran every six minutes, 18 hours a day on the Downtown Historic Railway between Cambie Bridge and Granville Island, using two modern Bombardier Flexity Outlook streetcars, numbers 3050 and 3051, borrowed from the Brussels tram system. The City of Vancouver and the administrators of Granville Island paid $8.5 million for associated upgrades to the infrastructure.
The two stations were single side platforms with two shelters providing partial coverage from the elements. The Olympic Village Station shared parking spaces with existing Canada Line station at West 2nd Avenue and Cambie Street. The Granville Island Station was only assessible on foot from Anderson Street near West 3rd Avenue below Highway 99.
The City considered the streetcar demonstration "a tremendous success", with over 550,000 boardings during the two months of the experiment. Bombardier received an award for "Exceptional Performance and Outstanding Achievement" at the 2010 CUTA awards, recognizing its operation of over 13,000 one-way trips with zero equipment failures, zero station delays and zero injuries. Mayor Gregor Robertson has indicated a desire to continue operation of the line, with a potential extension to Main Street-Science World station via False Creek South, but mentioned that the city alone lacks the millions of dollars needed to complete the construction and equipment purchases. Nonetheless, a streetcar along the alignment used by the Olympic Line was part of two of the proposals for rapid transit running east–west through the city of Vancouver in 2020.
Proposed future service
The proposal for a full-service modern streetcar line would extend the former heritage line through Chinatown and Gastown to Waterfront Station, and eventually to Stanley Park. There would be a separate line into Yaletown with longer-term potential for a number of other lines.
On October 13, 2014, Emily Jackson, writing in Metro Vancouver Newspaper, reported that Friends of the Olympic Line called on Vancouver City Council to commit $5 million to incorporate a refurbished line into Vancouver's transit authority.
The organization has called for the line to be extended to Main Street–Science World Station. The City has allocated $400,000 to decommission the line's former route.
In a 2021 report a two line light rail network (12 km and 25 stations) using most of the Olympic and heritage trackage as well as new routing was estimated to be in the $1.1 billion range.
See also
List of heritage railways in Canada
List of museums in Canada
TransLink (British Columbia)
Notes
References
External links
Suzanne Anton Vows Fast Track Downtown Streetcar Georgia Straight
Downtown Historic Railway
Streetcars in Canada
Heritage railways in British Columbia
Heritage streetcar systems
1998 establishments in British Columbia
Vancouver Downtown Historic Railway
The Community Group, also known as the Independent Community Group (ICG), and registered with the Electoral Commission as the Community (London Borough of Hounslow), was a small political party based in Isleworth in the London Borough of Hounslow.
The party was founded on 1 January 1994 as the Isleworth Community Group to build a "vibrant community" and to advocate public participation within the decision making processes. It was non-ideological, aiming to reflect local public opinion, and criticised the "incestuous nature of establishment politics".
Elections
The first member of the group joined the council after the 1998 local elections.
Following the 2006 local elections, the group had six councillors, representing Isleworth (Paul Fisher, Phil Andrews and Genevieve Hibbs) and Syon wards (Shirley Fisher, Caroline Andrews and Jon Hardy). They accepted an offer to form a coalition administration with the Conservative group of councillors. This lasted until the Community Group lost all their seats to the Labour Party in the 2010 local elections. The group then debated whether or not to field council candidates in the future. It ultimately did stand in the 2014 local elections, but was again unsuccessful, and in 2016 decided to dissolve.
Activities
The party had a motion passed in 2007 that called on the council not to invite the local MPs, Ann Keen and Alan Keen to council events, because the MPs had protested about the inclusion of former National Front member Phil Andrews in the council's new decision-making executive. It did not stand in the 2010 general election in an attempt to increase the chances of the Keens losing, although Alan Keen held their seat by a comfortable margin.
In March 2009, the party's councillors opposed the expansion of the sewage works in Mogden. The ICG then helped organise a protest against the expansion in April 2009.
Members
Genevieve Hibbs, a former nurse first elected to represent Isleworth in 2002, was the Mayor of Hounslow for a year from May 2008.
Phil Andrews was a member of the National Front from 1977 to 1989, which they say they are "indescribably" ashamed of and now campaigns against racism.
Council elections
References
External links
Old website on the Internet Archive
List of Hounslow councillors by party
Phil Andrews' blog
Isleworth councillors, Hounslow Chronicle, May 2008.
Political parties established in 1994
Political parties disestablished in 2016
Locally based political parties in England
Politics of the London Borough of Hounslow
1994 establishments in England
2016 disestablishments in England
Defunct political parties in England
Vipra Narayana is a 1954 Telugu-language biographical film directed, produced and edited by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao under Bharani Studios banner. It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Bhanumathi, and Relangi with music composed by S. Rajeswara Rao. The film is based on the life of Tamil Vaishnava saint Vipranarayana. They led their life in devotion to Lord Narayana and worked for the Lord by dedicating them with garlands.  They are one of the twelve Alvars. The film is also dubbed in Tamil with the same title and released in 1955.
Plot
Vipra Narayana, a staunch devotee of Vishnu, lives in a hermitage on the banks of the river Kaveri along with their disciple Rangaraju. They worship Vishnu in the form of Ranganatha, the presiding deity of the nearby Srirangam temple. Every day, Narayana makes garlands out of flowers from their garden and offers them to Ranganatha, and sings hymns in praise of him.
One day, Devadevi, a devadasi, performs a dance recital at the court of the Chola King and is on their way back to home along with their sister Madhuravani. When Devadevi passes through the hermitage, Narayana does not notice her; this hurts Devadevi's vanity. They mistake their devotion towards Ranganatha as arrogance and decides to teach them a lesson, ignoring Madhuravani's advice.
Devadevi enters Narayana's hermitage as an orphan and narrates their woes, requesting a stay to support herself. Narayana agrees despite Rangaraju's objection and Devadevi becomes the former's disciple. In a turn of events, Rangaraju is expelled from the hermitage when they try to send Devadevi away after realizing their intentions. As time passes, Narayana finds themselves attracted to Devadevi and falls for their charms.
Once their ego is satisfied, Devadevi begins to regret their actions. Madhuravani asks them to return and Narayana follows them. Devadevi's mother Rangasani, upon knowing that Narayana is penniless, throws them away. To help Narayana win, Ranganatha visits Devadevi's house in the disguise of Rangaraju. They present a golden vessel from the kitchen of Srirangam temple as a gift from Narayana to Devadevi.
The next day, the priests at the temple complain that the golden vessel is missing and find it at Devadevi's house. Narayana is accused of stealing the vessel and is produced in court. The King orders that Narayana's hands be amputated as a punishment for theft. Ranganatha appears at the scene and reveals the truth. Ranganatha adds that Narayana is an incarnation of Vyjayanthi, a garland that adorns them at their heavenly abode Vaikuntha, and that Devadevi is a gandharva who took a human birth due to a curse. Narayana and Devadevi visit Srirangam temple and sing praises of the deity, before attaining salvation.
Cast
Akkineni Nageswara Rao as Vipranarayana
Bhanumathi as Devadevi
Relangi as Rangaraju
Rushyendramani as Mother of Devadevi
V. Sivaram as Maharaja
Allu Ramalingaiah
Sandhya as Madhuravani
Soundtrack
Music was composed by S. Rajeswara Rao. Lyrics were written by Samudrala Sr.
Legend
The story revolves around a Brahmin who makes flower garlands. They devote their life to Lord.  They are seduced by a woman who is determined to make them break their vow.
1937 film
Vipra Narayana was made in Telugu language for the first time in 1937 by Aurora Pictures. It stars Kasturi Narasimha Rao, Kanchanamala and Tanguturi Suryakumari, and was directed by Ahindra Chaudhari.
It was made in Tamil too with Rajamadam G. Sundara Bhagavathar featuring as Vipra Narayana. The film was produced by Sri Gopalakrishna Films at Madras Sound Studios and was directed by K. Ranga Rao. T. Suryakumari featured as Andal in the film.
1938 film
Vipra Narayana was made in the Tamil language again in 1938 by Srinivas Cinetone. It stars Kothamangalam Cheenu and T. V. Rajasundari, the film was produced and directed by A. Narayanan. Meena Narayanan did the audiography.
1954 film
Vipra Narayana was made in both Telugu and Tamil, directed and produced by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao and P. Bhanumathi of Bharani Pictures. The title role was played by A. Nageswara Rao. S. D. Sundharam wrote the dialogues and lyrics for the Tamil version.
Awards
The film won National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu - Certificate of merit in 1954 at 2nd National Film Awards
Notes
References
External links
1954 films
Indian biographical films
Best Telugu Feature Film National Film Award winners
1950s Telugu-language films
1950s Tamil-language films
Films directed by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
1950s biographical films
Indian black-and-white films
Stawce-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Ludwig Wenz (24 August 1906 – 18 April 1968) was a German international footballer.
References
1906 births
1968 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Dzhurmachi (; Dargwa: Журмачи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Trisanchinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 155 as of 2010.
Geography
Dzhurmachi is located 14 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Daknisa and Dzhirabachi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Triantafyllos Tsapras (; born 22 October 2001) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Super League club Levadiakos.
Honours
Levadiakos
Super League 2: 2021–22
References
2001 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Livadeia
Auditorio Benito Juarez is a 3,466-seat indoor arena located in Veracruz, Veracruz, Mexico. It was built in 1972 and renovated in 2004. It is the home of the Halcones Rojos de Veracruz basketball team, and one of two LNBP arenas named in honor of Benito Juárez. (The other is Poliforum Benito Juarez in Cancún.)
When used for concerts and other special events the Auditorio can hold up to 4,500. The play Aventurera has been presented here several times. Additionally, Anahí, Angélica María, Lupita D'Alessio, Rocío Dúrcal, Alicia Villarreal, Alejandro Fernández, Joan Sebastian, Alejandra Guzmán, Triple, Wisin & Yandel, Maná, Luis Miguel, Gloria Trevi, Pepe Aguilar and Zoé are among the many acts who have performed at this arena. Boxing and Lucha libre matches have been held here. It has hosted circuses, trade shows and other special events.
Auditorio Benito Juarez is considered to be one of the LNBP's best arenas. There are plans for a new 10,000-seat arena in Veracruz, which could send most major concerts to the new facility.
Indoor arenas in Mexico
Buildings and structures in Veracruz
Sports venues in Veracruz
Boxing venues in Mexico
Klesztów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 87. In Klesztów, there is a former Uniate, now Roman Catholic, church of the Assumption of Mary with illusionistic monumental paintings (1772) signed by painter . They also could be the author of two icons in the side altars (Saint Luke Evangelist, The Communion of Saint Onuphrius).
References
Bibliography
Magdalena Ludera, Gabriel Sławiński – późnobarokowy malarz w służbie Kościoła i Cerkwi (= Prace Muzeum Narodowego w Krakowie, vol. 6), Kraków 2016
Magdalena Ludera, The copy of the Chełm icon of Mother of God in the Orthodox church in Klesztów. Dating, direct inspiration, cult, „Roczniki Teologiczne KUL”, 2016, no. 4: Historia Kościoła, 63, 2016, pp. 109–127
Villages in Chełm County
Fine Cell Work is a British charity that runs rehabilitation projects in prisons by training prisoners in paid, skilled needlework to be undertaken by them in their cells. It then sells the hand-stitched cushions, quilts and giftware in its online store and through supporter events around the country. Since 2018 the charity has also provided apprenticeships in textiles and mentoring programmes for ex-offenders at a workshop in south London.
History
Fine Cell Work was founded in 1997 by Lady Anne Tree (1927–2010), established by founding director Katy Emck OBE and is now run by its present managing director, Victoria Gillies, and a staff of fourteen.
Prior to the foundation of the charity, prisoners were unable to receive payment for cell work in the United Kingdom, for which the charity founder, Lady Anne Tree campaigned extensively. In 1992 the law was changed enabling payment to be made to prisoners and Fine Cell Work was founded five years later.
Patrons of the charity include Libby Purves, Dame Judi Dench and The Lord Ramsbotham, former Chief Inspector of Prisons.
Operations
Fine Cell Work operates in 32 British prisons and engages with 550 prisoners a year. This workforce is mostly made up of male prisoners, estimated at 96% male across 32 British prisons. It has the largest workforce of hand stitchers in Europe, working with 270 prisoners at any one time. The stitchers are able to do a level 2 qualification and save money for their release. There is also an external workshop where FCW graduates can do work experience and be employed in textiles production, sales and stock roles.
Prisoners receive a small payment for the needlework, estimated to be an average of 24 hours of cell work per person per week. In 2016 the approximate combined total earned by the workforce across all prisons was £75,000. The items are then sold online on the charity's website and in exclusive designer shops. Items typically include cushions and Christmas decorations.
Following a grant from the National Lottery, Fine Cell Work set up a training workshop in London to help ex-offenders develop skills and further qualifications on release from prison. Needleworkers are given an apprenticeship in all aspects of textile production and distribution and work closely with experienced mentors. The programme is known as Open the Gate and takes place at the charity's hub in south London.
Collaborations
Fine Cell Work has collaborated with a wide variety of designers including Cath Kidston, Cressida Bell, Ben Pentreath, William Yeoward, Margo Selby and Kit Kemp. The products have been sold in the V&A, Conran and Tate Modern shops. Major works have also been commissioned by the V&A for its 2010 exhibition of British Quilts, and by artists including Cornelia Parker and Gavin Turk.
See also
Storybook Dads
Koestler Arts
References
External links
Organizations established in 1997
Prison charities based in the United Kingdom
Charities based in London
1997 establishments in the United Kingdom
Raphitoma kharybdis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Raphitomidae.
Description
The length of the shell attains 8.4 mm. The protoconch is paucispiral.
Distribution
This marine species occurs in the Mediterranean Sea off Sicily, Italy
References
Bibliography
Giannuzzi-Savelli R., Pusateri F. & Bartolini S. (2018). A revision of the Mediterranean Raphitomidae (Gastropoda: Conoidea) 5: loss of planktotrophy and pairs of species, with the description of four new species. Bollettino Malacologico. 54, supplement 11: 1-77. page(s): 35-36, figs 38-39B
Notes
External links
Biolib.cz: Raphitoma kharybdis
kharybdis
Gastropods described in 2018
Tim Foley may refer to:
Tim Foley (defensive back) (born 1948), American football player for the Miami Dolphins
Tim Foley (offensive tackle) (born 1958), American footballplayer for the Baltimore Colts
Rosenthal is a small town in southeast Waldeck-Frankenberg district in Hesse, Germany.
Geography
Location
Rosenthal lies in the Burgwald range 11 km southeast of Frankenberg and 18 km northeast of Marburg.
Neighbouring communities
Rosenthal borders in the north on the community of Burgwald, in the east on the town of Gemünden (both in Waldeck-Frankenberg), in the southeast on the community of Wohratal, in the south on the towns of Rauschenberg and Wetter, and in the west on the community of Münchhausen (all in Marburg-Biedenkopf).
Constituent communities
Besides the main town, which bears the same name as the whole, the town of Rosenthal consists of the centres of Roda and Willershausen.
History
Rosenthal was founded in 1327 as a Mainz town and outpost in the dispute over the Hessian fief, but nevertheless passed to the Landgraviate of Hesse in 1464.
In 1688, the town achieved dubious fame by being the scene of Hesse's last witch burnings.
In 1866, Rosenthal passed, along with the rest of the Electorate of Hesse, to Prussia.
Amalgamations
As part of Hesse's municipal reforms in the early 1970s, the heretofore independent communities of Roda and Willershausen were amalgamated with Rosenthal.
Politics
Town council
The town council's 15 seats are apportioned thus, in accordance with municipal elections held on 26 March 2006:
Note: Bürgerliste Roda is a citizens' coalition.
Mayor
At the mayoral election on 26 September 2021, Stefan Jakob was elected Rosenthal's mayor with a 82% share of the vote.
Coat of arms
Rosenthal's civic coat of arms might heraldically be described thus: In gules a six-spoked wheel argent surrounded per square by four roses Or with centres azure and sepals vert.
This describes the arms shown in this article, and also seen at the town's official website. At least one source, however, describes a different composition with three stemmed roses growing out of the top of the wheel.
The wheel is the Wheel of Mainz, symbolizing the town's founders.
Literature
Fritz Himmelmann: Heimatbuch der Stadt Rosenthal
References
External links
1327 establishments in Europe
Populated places established in the 1320s
Waldeck-Frankenberg
Hesse-Nassau
The Réunion women's national football team is the national football team of Réunion, a French island, and is not recognised by FIFA. They have played international matches against Egypt, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Uganda and Mauritius. There is a two-level women's league in the country, with promotion and relegation between each division.
History
The national team is not recognised by FIFA. In 2000, they participated in the African Women's Championships. They qualified by beating Egypt women's national football team 5–4 on aggregate (winning 4–3 at home and drawing the away leg 1–1). The first match at the final tournament was a 0–3 loss to South Africa women's national football team in Vosloorus. The second match they played in was a 1–2 loss to Zimbabwe women's national football team. Their final match was a 1–2 loss to Uganda women's national football team. They finished last in their group. Members of the team who played in the tournament included Carole Keita, Lise May Ouledi, Tania Nice, Laurianne Boyer, Claure Lebon, Kelly Bello, Marie Therese Fanovana, Prisca Maraguet, Cathy Chateauroux, Nadege Grosmane, Martine Turpin, Rachelle Lecoutre, Florence Mussard. The side was coached by Patrick Honorine. To date, this is the only competition in CAF which Réunion have participated and qualified. In July 2011, there were plans to host a COSAFA Women's Championship in Réunion. The competition was eventually held in Zimbabwe and Réunion did not participate. On 3 June 2012, Réunion recorded their biggest win to date, winning 3–0 against Mauritius, who were playing their first ever international match.
The Réunion women's national under-20 football team competed in the 2010 African U-20 Women's World Cup Qualifying Tournament. They beat Madagascar 3–1 away from home in the first leg, and went on to win the second leg 4–1 at home.
Previous squads
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2000 African Women's Championship squad
Honours
Football at the Indian Ocean Island Games: Champion 2015
References
External links
Réunion Island CAF Profile
Réunion Island Football Association site
African women's national association football teams
Table tennis competitions at the 2021 Junior Pan American Games in Cali, Colombia were scheduled to be held from November 30 until December 5, 2021.
Medal summary
Medal table
Medalists
References
Table tennis
Pan American Games
Qualification tournaments for the 2023 Pan American Games
Monteoru House is a historic house and monument in Bucharest, Romania.
Monteoru House was built in 1874. It is located on Victory Avenue (Calea Victoriei), one of the main arteries of downtown Bucharest. It is classified as a historical monument of national interest, under the number B-II-mA-19863. Between 1949 and 2013 it was the headquarters of the Union of Writers of Romania (Uniunea Scriitorilor din Romania). That year, by court order, the building was returned to the heirs of the family who owned it before it was nationalized.
In 2015, the owners declared their intention to transform the palace into a multicultural center. In the same year, a restaurant was opened in the garden and the palace was planned to be used for live music shows, exhibitions, fairs, events for children, and other entertainment activities.
References
External links
Houses completed in 1874
Zarudnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
William Kipling "Kip" Hladky (born May 15, 1960) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who participated in the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. There they finished in tenth place with the Men's National Team. They were born in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
International senior competitions
1984 – Olympic Games, Los Angeles (10th)
1986 Men's Hockey World Cup, London (10th)
References
Kip Hladky's profile at the Canadian Olympic Committee
Kip Hladky's profile at Sports Reference.com
External links
1960 births
Living people
Canadian male field hockey players
Canadian people of Czech descent
Field hockey players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic field hockey players of Canada
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Pan American Games medalists in field hockey
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Field hockey players at the 1983 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1983 Pan American Games
Thomas Courtney Brownlee (21 May 1935 – 16 December 2018) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward.
Brownlee's career started at Broxburn Athletic before they moved to England, with Walsall. Their career then took them to York City, Workington in an exchange deal with Gus Alexander, non-league Netherfield and Bradford City, where they were the club's top goal-scorer in 1964–65 scoring 14 goals in just 18 games. After just seven games the following season they returned to Netherfield.
Brownlee was born in Carnwath, Scotland, in May 1935 and died in December 2018 at the age of 83.
References
External links
1935 births
2018 deaths
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Association football forwards
Scottish footballers
Broxburn Athletic F.C. players
Alloa Athletic F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Workington A.F.C. players
Kendal Town F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
English Football League players
Shadwick Criss (born January 11, 1976) is a former American football defensive back. They played for the Calgary Stampeders in 1999, the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2000 and for the BC Lions in 2003.
References
1976 births
Living people
American football defensive backs
Missouri Tigers football players
Calgary Stampeders players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
BC Lions players
Hunei District () is a rural district in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Hunei was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Hunei was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Haishan, Liujia, Taiye, Gongguan, Yecuo, Dahu, Tianwei, Hunei, Haipu, Wenxian, Zhongxian, Yixian, Zhongxing and Hutung Village.
Politics
The district is part of Kaohsiung City Constituency II electoral district for Legislative Yuan.
Education
Tung Fang Design University
Tourist attractions
Hankou Canal
Mausoleum of Lord Ningjing, Ming Dynasty
Shigeo Fukuda Design Museum
TSC Mini Train Old Rail Track Reconstruction
Yuemeichi Ciji Temple (月眉池慈济宫)
Dahu Night Market
Wei Zi Nei Night Market
Notable natives
Lin Yi-chuan, baseball player
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Lišov may refer to:
Lišov (České Budějovice District), town in the Czech Republic
Lišov (Krupina District), municipality in Slovakia
The Lady from Nowhere is a 1931 American crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Alice Day, John Holland and Phillips Smalley.
Cast
Alice Day as Marian
John Holland as John Conroy
Phillips Smalley as Barstow
Barbara Bedford as Mollie Carter
Mischa Auer as Rigo
James P. Burtis as Chief of Detectives
Bernie Lamont
Raymond Largay
Lafe McKee as Henchman Snowden
References
Bibliography
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
External links
1931 films
1931 crime films
American crime films
Films directed by Richard Thorpe
Chesterfield Pictures films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
As a nation of islands and narrow, steep valleys, dams play a vital role in Japanese society as they are constructed primarily to control floods, supply water and generate hydroelectric power. The tallest dam in Japan is the high Kurobe Dam. The largest dam by structural volume in the country is the Tokuyama Dam (pictured) with of rock-fill. Tokuyama also creates Japan's largest reservoir with a water volume of . The dams are listed below by prefecture.
Aichi Prefecture
Akita Prefecture
Aomori Prefecture
Chiba Prefecture
Fukui Prefecture
Ehime Prefecture
Fukui Prefecture
Fukuoka Prefecture
Fukushima Prefecture
Gifu Prefecture
Gunma Prefecture
Hiroshima Prefecture
Hokkaidō
Hyōgo Prefecture
Ibaraki Prefecture
Ishikawa Prefecture
Iwate Prefecture
Kagawa Prefecture
Kagoshima Prefecture
Kanagawa Prefecture
Kochi Prefecture
Kumamoto Prefecture
Kyoto Prefecture
Mie Prefecture
Miyagi Prefecture
Miyazaki Prefecture
Nagano Prefecture
Nara Prefecture
Niigata Prefecture
Ōita Prefecture
Okayama Prefecture
Okinawa Prefecture
Osaka Prefecture
Saga Prefecture
Saitama Prefecture
Shiga Prefecture
Anegawa Dam
Daidogawa Dam
Eiganji Dam
Hinogawa Dam
Hinowakigawa Dam
Imago-ike Dam
Inukamigawa Dam
Ishidagawa Dam
Kaigake-ike Dam
Nikkei Tameike Dam
Ohhara Dam (Shiga, Japan)
Ohkuma-ike Dam
Ohzuchi Dam
Okuyama Dam
Serikawa Dam (Shiga, Japan)
Tankai-ike Dam
Tongu-ike Dam
Usogawa Dam
Yasugawa Dam (Shiga, Japan)
Zao Dam(Shiga, Japan)
Shimane Prefecture
Aigawa Dam
Akada Shin Tameike Dam
Chosi Dam
Fube Dam
Fukahori Tameike Dam
Hamada Dam (Shimane, Japan)
Hamahara Dam
Hatsumi Dam
Hiebara Dam
Kakihara Tameike Dam
Kijima Dam
Kitsuka Dam
Kiyotaki Dam
Masudagawa Dam
Minari Dam
Mita Dam (Shimane, Japan)
Miyama Tameike Dam
Miyama-ike Dam
Nagami Dam
No.2 Hamada Dam
Obara Dam
Ohnagami Dam
Ohtani Dam
Ohto Dam
Onbe Dam
Sagadani Dam
Sakane Dam
Sanbe Dam
Sasakura Dam (Shimane, Japan)
Senbon Dam
Shinmamushidani-ike Dam
Shiota Dam
Shitsumi Dam
Sufugawa Dam
Tonokawauchi Tameike Dam
Tsudagawa Dam
Ueno Tameike Dam
Yabaragawa Dam
Yamasa Dam
Yato Dam
Yodohara Ohtutumi Dam
Yuyanooku Tameike Dam
Shizuoka Prefecture
Akaishi Dam
Akiba Dam
Funagira Dam
Hatanagi No.1 Dam
Hatanagi No.2 Dam
Ikawa Dam
Misakubo Dam
Nagashima Dam
Oigawa Dam
Okuno Dam
Sakuma Dam
Sasamagawa Dam
Senzu Dam
Shiogō Dam
Tashiro Dam
Tochigi Prefecture
Akagawa Dam
Chuzenji Dam
Chiburi Dam
Dorobu Dam
Higashikoya Dam
Higashiarakawa Dam
Ikari Dam
Imaichi Dam
Itamuro Dam
Kawaji Dam
Kawamata Dam
Koami Dam
Koshin Dam
Kuriyama Dam
Kurobe Dam (Tochigi, Japan)
Kuriyama Dam
Matsudagawa Dam
Mikawasawa Dam
Miyama Dam
Nishigoya Dam
Nakaiwa Dam
Nakaiwa Dam
Nanma Dam
Nishiarakawa Dam
Nishigoya Dam
Numappara Dam
Ohgoto Dam
Sabigawa Dam
Shiobara Dam
Sunokobashi Tailings Dam
Sakasegawa Dam
Shioda Dam
Shiota Choseichi Dam
Sugamata Choseichi Dam
Terayama Dam
Yanome Dam
Yashio Dam
Yunishigawa Dam
Tokushima Prefecture
Fukui Dam
Ikeda Dam
Iwakura-ike Dam
Kawaguchi Dam
Kominono Dam
Kozai Dam
Masaki Dam
Matsuogawa Dam
Minawa Dam
Misaka-ike Dam
Miyakochi Dam
Nagayasuguchi Dam (Tokushima, Japan)
Nagoro Dam
Natsuko Dam
Ohmidani Dam
Wakamiyatani Dam
Tokyo
Ara-zutsumi Dam
Chibusa Dam
Murayama-kami Dam
Ogochi Dam also called Lake Okutama
Shigure Dam
Shiromaru Tyouseiti Dam
Tottori Prefecture
Asanabe Dam
Ikenotani Tameike
Kasyo Dam
Kawagawa No.2 Dam
Kodamata Dam
Matanoagawa Dam
Misasa Dam
Mitaki Dam
Momodani Dam
Myogadani Dam
Nakatsu Dam
Nishitakao Dam
Ohkamidani Tameike Dam
Ohmiya Dam
Sagarikaya Dam
Sajigawa Dam
Sakura Tameike Dam
Senjozan Dam
Sugesawa Dam
Tetsuzan-ike Dam
Togo Dam
Tono Dam (Tottori, Japan)
Tsubakidani Tameike Dam
Yokotani Tameike Dam
Toyama Prefecture
Akao Dam
Akasofu Tameike Dam
Arimine Dam
Asahiogawa Dam
Dashidaira Dam
Fusegawa Dam
Fujiga-ike Dam
Funakawa Dam
Furudo Dam
Fusegawa Dam
Futomi Dam
Goi Dam
Hanyu-ohike Dam
Harayama Dam
Horinji Dam
Jatani-ike Dam
Jin-ichi Dam
Jin-ni Dam
Jin-san Dam
Johana Dam
Jinzugawa Dam
Kadogawa Dam
Kamiichigawa Dam
Kadokawa Dam
Kamiichikawa Dam
Kamiichikawa No.2 Dam
Kitamata Dam
Konadegawa Dam
Komaki Dam
Koregatani Dam
Koyadaira Dam
Kumanogawa Dam
Kurobe Dam
Kubusu No.2 Dam
Kuwanoin-ike Dam
Magawa Choseichi Dam
Mattate Dam
Muromaki Dam
Narude Dam(Toyama, Japan)
Nakayama Dam
Ninbusuiso Dam
Oguchigawa Dam
Ohara Dam
Ohgayarindo Tameike Dam
Omata Dam
Sakuraga-ike Dam
Sennindani Dam
Sengoku-ike Dam
Senzoku Dam
Shin Nakachiyama Dam
Shiraiwagawa Dam
Shogawa Goguchi Dam
Soyama Dam
Sukenobu Dam
Suganuma Dam
Takado Dam
Terao Dam
Toga Dam
Togagawa Dam
Tori Dam
Usunaka Dam
Unazuki Dam
Wadagawa Dam
Wakatsuchi Dam
Yatsuo Dam
Yomokurou No.1 Ike Dam
Yutanigawa Dam
Yamagata Prefecture
Akashiba Dam
Arasawa Dam
Atsumigawa Dam
Birusawa Tameike Dam
Bonjigawa Dam
Domisawa Tameike Dam
Fujita Tameike
Furomurotsutsumi Dam
Fushikuma Dam
Gakkogawa Dam
Ginzangawa Dam
Gassan Dam
Heita Tameike Dam
Hikiryu No.2 Dam
Ichinosawa Dam
Kamigo Dam
Kanno Dam
Kijiyama Dam
Mizugatoro Dam
Maekawa Dam
Mizukubo Dam
Nagai Dam
Sagae Dam
Shin'ochiai Dam
Shirakawa Dam
Shintsuruko Dam
Tsunakigawa Dam
Tsuruko Dam
Yakuwa Dam
Yokokawa Dam
Zao Dam (Yamagata, Japan)
Kamuro Dam
Kikawa Dam
Koiragawa Dam
Koyamagasawa Tameike Dam
Maeda Dam
Masuzawa Dam
Matsuzawa Tameike Dam
Mitsumata Dam
Motosawa Dam
Namaigawa Dam
Ochiai Dam
Senbacho Tameike Dam
Shiraishiyama Dam
Shiromizu Dam
Shobugawa Dam
Tachiyazawagawa No.1 Dam
Takasaka Dam
Tateyama Tameike Dam
Tazawagawa Dam
Tomeyamagawa Dam
Tonosawa Dam
Umagami Tameike Dam
Yamaguchi Prefecture
Abugawa Dam
Hirase Dam
Ikimigawa Dam
Kawakami Dam
Kotougawa Dam
Koudou Dam
Koyagawa Dam
Lake Abuko Dam
Lake Shinjyuko Dam
Lake Takaseko Dam
Mishogawa Dam
Mizukoshi Dam
Ozegawa Dam
Sasanamigawa Dam
Shimajigawa Dam
Sugano Dam
Ubemaruyama Dam
Yasaka Dam
Yunohara Dam
Agari Tameike Dam
Akiyama Tameike Dam
Aratani Dam
Arimune Dam
Asinodani Tameike Dam
Aso Dam
Biwanoki-ike Dam
Daibo Dam
Ekiyama No.1 Tameike Dam
Fukutani Tameike Dam
Funagori Dam
Hata Dam
Hatano-ike Dam
Hirase Dam
Ichinosaka Dam
Ichinotani-ike Dam
Ikumo Dam
Imatomi Dam
Ishii Dam
Kochi Dam
Kurokui Dam
Kurokuigawajoryu Dam
Majimegawa Dam
Midoriyama-ike Dam
Misaka Dam
Mishima Dam
Monzen Tsutusumi
Nakayamagawa Dam
Nodo Tameike
Ohkochigawa Dam
Sasanamigawa Dam
Showa-ike Dam
Tamaizumi-ike Dam
Tatara Dam
Toro-ike Dam
Tsuenokochi No.1 Tameike Dam
Ubakochikami Dam
Ushigasako-ike Dam
Utanokawa Dam
Utsui Dam
Yamanokuchi Dam
Yashiro Dam
Yumen Dam
Yamanashi Prefecture
Amahata Dam
Arakawa Dam (Yamanashi, Japan)
Daimon Dam
Fukashiro Dam
Hirose Dam
Horisawagawa Dam
Kakimoto Dam
Kotogawa Dam
Kamihikawa Dam
Kamikurizawagawa Dam
Kazunogawa Dam
Kokanba Dam
Kotogawa Dam
Maruyama Tameike Dam
Nishiyama Dam
Ohno Dam
Oshino Tameike Dam
Ryuga-ike Dam
Shiokawa Dam
Shiokawa Dam
Shionosawa Dam
Toshima Dam
Ushirozawa Tameike Dam
Zusazawa Dam
See also
List of power stations in Japan
List of dams and reservoirs
References
Japan
Dams
The 1925 Duquesne Dukes football team represented Duquesne University during the 1925 college football season. The head coach was Frank McDermott, coaching their first season with the Dukes.
Schedule
References
Duquesne
Duquesne Dukes football seasons
College football winless seasons
Duquesne Dukes football
The 2022–23 Ardal NW season (also known as the 2022–23 Lock Stock Ardal NW season for sponsorship reasons) is the second season of the new third-tier northern region football in Welsh football pyramid, part of the Ardal Leagues.
Teams
The league was made up of 16 teams competing for one automatic promotion place to Cymru North, whilst the second-placed team qualified for a play-off with the second-placed team of Ardal NE. Three teams are relegated to Tier 4.
Team changes
To Ardal NW
Promoted from North East Wales Football League Premier Division
Flint Mountain
Hawarden Rangers
Promoted from North Wales Coast East Football League Premier Division
C.P.D. Y Rhyl 1879
Promoted from North Wales Coast West Football League Premier Division
Bodedern Athletic
Bangor 1876
Relegated from Cymru North
Llangefni Town
From Ardal NW
Promoted to Cymru North
Mold Alexandra
Porthmadog
Relegated
St Asaph City
Brymbo
Blaenau Amateurs
Transferred to Ardal NE
Llanuwchllyn
Stadia and locations
Source: Ardal NW Ground Information
Personnel
League table
Results
League champions, runners-up and play-off finalists
Fair Play winner
The winner for each respective division's FAW Fair Play Table was to be given £1,000 prize money and the FAW Fair Play Trophy.
References
External links
Football Association of Wales
Northern Leagues
3
Ardal Leagues
Wales
Mallappuzhassery is a village situated in Kozhencherry taluk of Pathanamthitta district in Kerala, India. Its border starts in the middle of the temple grounds running north–south: the eastern part is Mallappuzhassery and the western part is Edasserimala. Edasserimala is part of Aranmula Panchayath and Mallappuzhassery is of Mallappuzhassery Panchayath. The northern border of this village is the Pamba River.
Mallapuzhassery village extends from the starting point of Aranmula Vallam Kali to its finishing point. The village has a school, four temples and a public library. It also has a palliyodam, Mallappuzhassery palliyodam, which won the snake boat race twice. Mrs Elizabeth Ninan from Chakkiteyil is the Panchayat President of Mallappuzhassery Panchayat
Demographics
At the 2001 India census, Mallapuzhassery had a population of 12,416 with 5,904 males and 6,512 females.
References
See also
Aranmula kottaram
Pathanamthitta
Villages in Pathanamthitta district
Story County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 98,537, making it the ninth-most populous county in Iowa. The county seat is Nevada; the largest city is Ames. The geographical center of Iowa lies in Story County, northeast of Ames.
Story County comprises the Ames, IA Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Des Moines-Ames-West Des Moines, IA Combined Statistical Area.
The county is home to Iowa State University in Ames.
History
The land that today is known as Story County was originally prairie with the exception of some groves along the larger streams in the area. In 1846 the boundaries of Story County were established. The county has an area of and is square in shape.
The county was named after Joseph Story, a preeminent United States Supreme Court Justice, in 1853. The first settlers to the area came from Indiana, then from the New England states of New York and Pennsylvania. Later, many Norwegians, Germans and Danes came directly from overseas and inhabited the area. The first large population influx occurred during the 1850s. Story County was not mentioned in the Federal Census in 1850, but figures from the State of Iowa put the population at 214 in 1852. By 1860 the population had increased to 4,501.
Three commissioners were appointed by the Iowa legislature to determine the county seat location. On June 27, 1853, they announced Nevada as their choice. Nevada (pronounced Nuh-VAY-Dah) was named after the Sierra Nevada mountain range in California. Like many Midwestern towns, cities and counties, many prominent locations from the newly explored West and Mexican–American War of the late 1840s inspired the naming of towns and counties in Iowa during this period.
Railroad construction did more to develop Story County than any other single factor. The first railroad came to the county in 1864. Railroads were such a decisive factor in determining the location of towns that several communities in Story County moved to be closer to the rail line. Some flourishing little towns that were bypassed by the railroad soon disappeared. Although Nevada was long the population center of the county, Ames was the most widely known of the towns because of the busy railroad depot where travelers would transfer to their next train.
Story County has had five courthouses. The first, a two-level frame building, was erected in 1856. Fire destroyed it in 1863, and it was replaced by a similar structure, which was replaced by a larger three-level building in 1877, situated on the town square. This building's tower served as a vantage point to view the countryside; it was eventually removed for safety reasons. The fourth courthouse was built in 1967 and placed in service on May 18, 1968. That building is still in use as offices for the Board of Supervisors, Auditor, Treasurer, Recorder, Assessor, Information Technology, Facilities Management, Health and Planning & Development Offices. A cannon from the Civil War rests on the lawn. The current courthouse, the Story County Justice Center, opened in 2002. The Justice Center, comprising the law enforcement and judicial aspects of Story County Government. The Justice Center houses the Sheriff's Office & Jail, Attorney, and Clerk of Court.
Story County consists of 16 townships and 15 incorporated cities, and 4 unincorporated towns. The population of 79,981 in the 2000 census consisted of 71,114 in urban areas and 8867 in rural areas.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
The geographical center of Iowa lies in Story County, northeast of Ames.
Adjacent counties
Hamilton County (northwest)
Hardin County (northeast)
Marshall County (east)
Jasper County (southeast)
Polk County (south)
Boone County (west)
Transportation
Major highways
Airports
Story County is home to the Ames Municipal Airport, on the south side of Ames. The nearest large airport is the Des Moines International Airport, on the south side of Des Moines, some 30 miles from Story County.
Rail lines
Story County contains three rail lines, all controlled by the Union Pacific Railroad Company. The Overland Route runs east–west on its route from Chicago to California, passing near Ames, Colo and Nevada in Story County. The Spine Line runs north–south on its route from Minneapolis to Kansas City, Missouri, passing near McCallsburg, Nevada and Cambridge. The third line in Story County begins at Ames and runs near Gilbert and Story City.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 98,537 in the county, with a population density of . 93.90% of the population reported being of one race. There were 41,361 housing units, of which 38,273 were occupied.
2010 census
The following Story County statistics were gathered by the 2010 U.S. Census.
Population
Story County had a population of 89,542, a 12% increase from the 2000 Census. Of that number, 17.8% of those people are under the age of 18, and 10% are over the age of 65, 95.1% of those people (age 25+) are high school graduates, and 45.4% (age 25+) hold at least a bachelor's degree.
Commuting time
Story County workers age 16 and older spent an average of 16.6 minutes traveling to work between 2005 and 2009.
Workforce data
There were 45,010 individuals working in Story County and 81.5% of those people live in Story County. The remaining percentages break down as follows:
6.8% live in Boone County (directly west)
4.2% live in Polk County (directly south)
2.1% live in Hamilton County (directly north)
1.2% live in Hardin County (directly north)
1.1% live in Marshal County (directly east).
There were 43,839 working individuals who lived in Story County and worked anywhere, and 83.7% of those people worked in Story County.
Household data
According to the 2010 U.S. Census, the median household income in 2009 was $48,165, with an average of 2.41 people per household between 2005 and 2009.
The per capita income in the past 12 months (2009 dollars) between 2005 and 2009 was $24,202.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 79,981 people, 29,383 households, and 17,042 families in the county. The population density was 140 people per square mile (54/km2). There were 30,630 housing units at an average density of 54 per square mile (21/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 91.14% White, 1.83% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 5.10% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.60% from other races, and 1.14% from two or more races. 1.55% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 29,383 households 27.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.60% were married couples living together, 5.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 42.00% were non-families. 26.70% of households were one person and 7.60% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.94.
Age spread: 19.10% under the age of 18, 28.30% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 17.30% from 45 to 64, and 9.80% 65 or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females there were 104.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.40 males.
The median household income was $40,442 and the median family income was $55,472. Males had a median income of $36,756 versus $26,941 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,949. About 5.50% of families and 14.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.80% of those under age 18 and 4.30% of those age 65 or over.
Story County laborshed
Total potential labor force
According to the Story County Laborshed Analysis, which was analyzed and compiled by the Iowa Workforce Development in August 2011, Story County has a total potential labor force of 424,702 people, which breaks down as follows:
Employed – 75.3%
Unemployed – 8.37%
Homemakers – 7.8%
Retired – 8.2%
Likelihood to accept / change employment
The estimated number of individuals who are very likely or somewhat likely to change or accept employment is 106,383, or 25%.
Employed – 87.6%
Unemployed – 3%
Homemakers – 5.2%
Retired – 4.2%
Unemployment
Of those unemployed and willing to enter / re-enter employment:
Average age – 45
Male – 50%
Female – 50%
Has Education Beyond High School – 67.5%
Wages
The estimated wage range to attract the upper 66-75% of qualified hourly wage applicants is $10 to $10.44 per hour, with a median of the lowest wage at $10 per hour.
Commute
Those unemployed and willing to enter / re-enter employment are willing to commute an average of 24 miles one way for the right opportunity.
Law enforcement
Primary law enforcement for the county rests with the Story County Sheriff's Office.
Law enforcement agencies in the county include:
Story County Sheriff's Office
Ames Police Department
Iowa State University Police Division
Nevada Police Department
Huxley Police Department
Story City Police Department
Communities
Cities
Ames
Cambridge
Collins
Colo
Gilbert
Huxley
Kelley
Maxwell
McCallsburg
Nevada
Roland
Sheldahl
Slater
Story City
Zearing
Unincorporated communities
Fernald
Iowa Center
Shipley
Townships
Collins
Franklin
Grant
Howard
Indian Creek
Lafayette
Lincoln
Milford
Nevada
New Albany
Palestine
Richland
Sherman
Union
Warren
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Story County.
† county seat
Politics
Prior to 1988, Story County was primarily Republican in presidential elections, only failing to back the Republican Party candidate three times between 1896 and 1984. Since 1988 Story County has voted reliably Democratic. Donald Trump's 2016 election performance in the county was over 3 points worse than Mitt Romney in 2012, despite Trump outperforming Romney statewide by nearly 5 percent and winning Iowa's electoral votes.
Education
School districts in the county include:
Ames Community School District
Ballard Community School District
Collins-Maxwell Community School District
Colo-Nesco Community School District
Gilbert Community School District
Nevada Community School District
North Polk Community School District
Roland-Story Community School District
United Community School District
West Marshall Community School District
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Story County, Iowa
References
External links
Story County government's website
Ames Historical Society Includes reference materials, early maps and many historical images
ISU Extension - Story County
Story County Foundation
1846 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1846
The 86th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade (; Military Unit Number 28037) was a surface-to-air missile brigade of the Soviet Air Defense Forces and briefly the Russian Air Defense Forces.
Active from 1960, the brigade provided air defense for the Leningrad area with S-75 Dvina and S-125 missiles. It reequipped with S-300PS missiles in the early 1990s, and inherited the lineage of a disbanded unit to become the 157th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade and then the 1490th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment in 1993 and 1994.
History
The brigade was originally formed as the 86th Air Defense Brigade of Special Designation, a unit of System-100, the Leningrad air defense missile system, in 1959. It was the third brigade of the system to be formed and was based at Steklyanny, near Ulyanovka. The brigade became operational in May 1960 with eight battalions of S-75 Dvina missiles, and was redesignated the 86th Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade in August. In the second half of 1964 the brigade was reinforced with six missile battalions equipped with the S-125, several of which were mobilization units.
In 1967, the brigade was directly subordinated to the 6th Independent Air Defense Army when the air defense missile system was abolished as an independent headquarters. By an order of 5 October of that year, the Order of the Red Banner awarded to the 192nd Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment on 9 February 1944 was inherited by the 86th Brigade. The 192nd provided air defense for Leningrad during the Siege of Leningrad in World War II. In May 1944 it was reorganized as the 48th Anti-Aircraft Artillery Brigade, and in August 1945 became the 961st Anti-Aircraft Artillery Regiment. Cadres from the 961st were used to form the 86th Brigade in the late 1950s.
In 1986, the 86th became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps. In 1990, it began replacing its S-75s and S-125s with the new S-300PS in two groups of battalions. By a directive of 15 February 1993, the lineage of the disbanded 169th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment was transferred to the brigade, which became the 157th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Brigade. In the summer of 1994, it was reorganized into the 1490th Guards Anti-Aircraft Rocket Regiment.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Surface-to-air missile brigades of the Soviet Air Defence Forces
Brigades of Russia
Military units and formations established in 1960
Military units and formations disestablished in 1993
C. adisi may refer to:
Cryptocellus adisi , an arachnid species found in Brazil
Cutervodesmus adisi, a millipede in the family Fuhrmannodesmidae
Denys Anelikov () is a retired Soviet and Ukrainian football player.
Career
They attended the Simferopol Olympic Reserve School. From 2000 to 2003, they played in the second and third teams of Shakhtar Donetsk. In the second half of the 2003/04 season they played for Desna Chernihiv, later they were a player at Oleksandriya and Ihroservice Simferopol from Simferopol.
Since 2006, they have played for Oleksandr Ryabokon's Dnipro Cherkasy for almost three seasons. In 2008 they moved to the Belarusian club Shakhtyor Soligorsk. The first match in the group of opportunities on March 29, 2008 in the 1/4 finals of the Belarusian Cup against Darida (2: 1). In Belarusian Premier League, they made their debut on April 6 in the match with Torpedo-BelAZ Zhodino (1: 0).
In the match of the second round, Anelikov was injured and was replaced in the 16th minute, and the next time they entered the field only a month later. After that, they stopped getting into the main team and played for the backup. In total, they played 12 matches in the understudy tournament and scored two goals.
On July 7, 2008 they took part in the match of the second round of the Intertoto Cup against the Austrian "Sturm" (0: 2). In August, Denis Anelikov played for the double, suffered a fracture of their left leg and did not play again until the end of the season.
In the summer of 2009, they attended a screening at Metalurh Zaporizhzhia. At the beginning of the 2009/10 season, they moved to Desna Chernihiv, whose coach was Oleksandr Ryabokon, who Anelikov knew from Dnipro Cherkasy. During the winter break, I was seen in the Akhtyrka "Oilman", but returned to Desna Chernihiv. They took part in the Makarov Winter Memorial, where the team reached the final.
After the end of the season, Desna Chernihiv lost its professional status and Anelikov, like the head coach, moved to FC Lviv, where they only came out twice as a substitute. In the second half of the 2010/11 season they returned to Desna Chernihiv.
References
External links
Denys Anelikov allplayers.in.ua
1982 births
Living people
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Desna Chernihiv players
FC Shakhtar-3 Donetsk players
FC Shakhtar-2 Donetsk players
FC Oleksandriya players
FC Ihroservice Simferopol players
FC Dnipro Cherkasy players
FC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
Ukrainian Second League players
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
Association football defenders
Function cost analysis (FСА) (sometimes called function value analysis (FVA)) is a method of technical and economic research of the systems for purpose to optimize a parity between system's (as product or service) consumer functions or properties (also known as value) and expenses to achieve those functions or properties.
History
This methodology for continuous perfection of production, industrial technologies, organizational structures was developed by Juryj Sobolev (Соболев, Юрий Михайлович) (Russia) in 1948 at the "Perm telephone factory" (Almost at the same time as L. D. Miles ).
1948 Juryj Sobolev (Соболев, Юрий Михайлович) (Russia) - the first success in application of a method analysis at the "Perm telephone factory" (Perm, Russia).
1949 - the first application for the invention as result of use of the new method.
Today in economically developed countries practically each enterprise or the company use methodology of the kind of functional-cost analysis as a practice of the quality management, most full satisfying to principles of standards of series ISO 9000.
Basic ideas
Interest of consumer not in products itself, but the advantage which it will receive from its usage.
The consumer aspires to reduce their expenses (cost or price of functions).
Functions needed by consumer can be executed in the various ways, and, hence, with various efficiency and expenses. Among possible alternatives of realization of functions exist such in which the parity of quality and the price is the optimal for the consumer.
Method
The goal of FCA is achievement of the highest consumer satisfaction of production at simultaneous decrease in all kinds of industrial expenses (production costs). Classical FCA has three English synonyms - Value Engineering, Value Management, Value Analysis. It is not necessary to confuse method FСА as it takes place at some authors, to method Activity-based costing (ABC)
Basic terms
Technical system - the set of material elements (components) intended for satisfaction of any need of the person (society) or technical system of higher hierarchical level, possessing even one property leaving for the sum of properties of elements (components) making it.
FCA object - subjected to the analysis of the HARDWARE or its elements.
subsystem - the system which is a part analyzed HARDWARE.
supersystem - the system including analyzed HARDWARE.
Consumer property - ability of the HARDWARE to satisfy any need of the person (or society) or other HARDWARE.
Expenses for maintenance and achieve consumer properties - the cumulative resulted charges on technical system at all stages of its life cycle.
The cost analysis - definition of expenses for performance of functions and them
Customer relationship management
The family as a model for the organization of the state is a theory of political philosophy. It either explains the structure of certain kinds of state in terms of the structure of the family (as a model or as a claim about the historical growth of the state), or it attempts to justify certain types of state by appeal to the structure of the family. The first known writer to use it (certainly in any clear and developed way) was Aristotle, who argued that the natural progression of human beings was from the family via small communities to the polis.
Many writers from ancient times to the present have seen parallels between the family and the forms of the state. In particular, monarchists have argued that the state mirrors the patriarchal family, with the people obeying the king as children obey their father.
Ancient Greek thought
The family–state model was first expressed in ancient times, often as a form of justification for aristocratic rule.
Plutarch records a laconic saying of the Dorians attributed to Lycurgus. Asked why they didn't establish a democracy in the Lacedæmon, Lycurgus responded: "Begin, friend, and set it up in your family." The Dorians of Crete and Sparta seemed to mirror the family institution and organization in their form of government. (see Plutarch's The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans — Lycurgus, p. 65)
Aristotle often describes personal and domestic relationships in terms of different forms of government. They give examples such as men and their domestic animals, wives, slaves, and children. They say, for example: "the government of a household is a monarchy, since every house is governed by a single ruler."(2) Later in the same text they say that husbands exercise a republican government over their wives and monarchical government over their children, and that they exhibit political office over slaves and royal office over the family in general. (Politics Bk I, §v, 1–2; 1259a 35–1259b 1)
However, while they are prepared to use political terms as metaphors for domestic relationships, they are equally clear that such metaphors are limited:
Some thinkers, however, suppose that statesman, king, estate manager, and master of a family have a common character. This is a mistake; they think that the distinction between them is not a difference in kind, but a simple, numerical difference.” (Politics Bk I, §i)
After discussing the various domestic relationships, they conclude: “mastership and statesmanship are not identical, nor are all forms of power the same, as some thinkers suppose. (Politics Bk I, §vi)
Aristotle's main notion is that the ancient Greek polis or city-state is the natural end of human beings; they start in family groups, progress naturally to forming villages, and finally come together in cities. Thus the family forms the root of human relationships, but the city is the flower.
Arius Didymus in Stobaeus, 1st century CE, writes: "A primary kind of association (politeia) is the legal union of a man and woman for begetting children and for sharing life." From the collection of households a village is formed and from villages a city, "[s]o just as the household yields for the city the seeds of its formation, thus it yields the constitution (politeia)." Further, they claim: "Connected with the house is a pattern of monarchy, of aristocracy and of democracy. The relationship of parents to children is monarchic, of husbands to wives aristocratic, of children to one another democratic." (Hellenistic Commentary to the New Testament, edd Boring, Berger, & Colpe)
Confucian thought
Confucius believed the child should be subordinate to the parent, younger brother to the older, wife to husband, and subject to the sovereign who is to be regarded as the father of the nation. The state as the family writ large was the most harmonious, orderly, and natural form of government. This was later expanded to cover international relations (e.g. the emperor of China is treated as the older brother of the Korean king). Confucian family theory is still espoused in North Korea to justify their method of leadership succession.
The concept of family is important in classical Confucianism. For Confucius, xiào or filial piety was a dé or virtue. The character representing xiào, 孝, itself represents a basic family structure, with the upper component representing elders (lao, old), and the lower representing children (zi, son). Those acting with filial piety, such as through the performances of lĭ were therefore acting in accordance with yì (righteousness, or fulfilling one's proper roles or acting in harmony with one's station). The relationship of this concept to the state is discussed at length in the Xiàojīng, or Classic of Filial Piety. In politics, xiào is not simply loyalty on the part of subordinates and citizens, but also an expectation for the king to provide for their subjects with "paternal love"; just as the people were expected to act with respect for the king's law, the king was expected to make those laws out of kindness for the people.
American diplomat Edmund Roberts in their description of Canton City, which they visited in 1832, included a quote on this, for which they give no source, but which was subsequently included in latter 18th-century publications, again without a source:The sovereign of men, say they, "is heaven's son; nobles and statesmen are the sovereign's children; the people are the children of nobles and statesmen. The sovereign should serve heaven as a father, never forgetting to cherish reverential thoughts, but exciting themselves to illustrate their virtues, and looking up to receive from heaven, the vast patrimony which it confers; thus the emperors will daily increase in felicity and glory. Nobles and ministers of state should serve their sovereign as a father, never forgetting to cherish reverential thoughts, not harbouring covetous and sordid desires, nor engaging in wicked and clandestine thoughts, but faithfully and justly exerting themselves; thus their noble rank will be preserved. The people should never forget to cherish reverential thoughts towards the nobles and ministers of state, to obey and keep the laws; to excite no secret or open rebellion; then no great calamity will befall their persons."
Modern thought
Louis de Bonald wrote as if the family were a miniature state. In their analysis of the family relationships of father, mother and child, De Bonald related these to the functions of a state: the father is the power, the mother is the minister and the child as subject. As the father is “active and strong” and the child is “passive or weak”, the mother is the “median term between the two extremes of this continuous proportion”. De Bonald justified their analysis by quoting and interpreting passages from the Bible:
[It] calls man the reason, the head, the power of woman: Vir caput est mulieris [man is head of woman] says St Paul. It calls woman the helper or minister of man: "Let us make man", says Genesis, "a helper similar to him." It calls the child a subject, since it tells it, in a thousand places, to obey its parents. (On Divorce pp 44–46)
De Bonald also sees divorce as the first stage of disorder in the state (the principle of macrocosm/microcosm). They insist that the of the family brings about the of state, with “The Kyklos” not far behind. (On Divorce, pp 88–89; 149.)
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn draws a connection between the family and monarchy:
Due to its inherent patriarchalism, monarchy fits organically into the ecclesiastic and familistic pattern of a Christian society. (Compare the teaching of Pope Leo XIII: 'Likewise the powers of fathers of families preserves expressly a certain image and form of the authority which is in God, from which all paternity in heaven and earth receives its name — Eph 3.15') The relationship between the King as 'father of the fatherland' and the people is one of mutual love. (Liberty or Equality, p.155)
Politics and the family
In their book, Delacroix, Art and Patrimony in Post-Revolutionary France, Elisabeth Fraser analyses Eugène Delacroix's famous “Massacres of Chios” (1824), which helped galvanise philo-Hellenism in France. Delacroix's symbol for the oppressed Greek nation was a family employed as a conceptual and visual structuring device. A reviewer encapsulated Fraser's argument:
Equating patriarchal family metaphor with government paternalism and imperialist protectionism, the chapter argues that such familial intimations, heightened by acute emotionalism and hints of a Western culture soiled by Eastern penetration, corresponded to and reflected a paternalistic government urge to protect the victimized Greeks, a thinly veiled justification for French colonial intervention in the Mediterranean.
More recently, George Lakoff has claimed that the left/right distinction in politics comes from a difference between ideals of the family in the mind of the person in question; for right-wing people, the ideal is a patriarchical and moralistic family; for left-wing people, the ideal is an unconditionally loving family. As a result, Lakoff argues, both sides find each other's views not only immoral, but incomprehensible, since they appear to violate each side's deeply held beliefs about personal morality in the sphere of the family.
Such a model is not a recent addition to modern discourse; J. Vernon Jenson discussed “British Voices on the Eve of the American Revolution: Trapped by the Family Metaphor” in the Quarterly Journal of Speech 63 (1977), pp 43–50.
The idea of the commonwealth as a family is close to cliché; it permeates political discourse at every level:
There is an historic American National Family metaphor .. That American National Family frame is like any real extended family-fractious but in the end functional. There are people in it who aren't just like you, but they are still family and we still have to try to solve our problems together, despite our differences.
See also
Paternalism
Pater patriae
Patrimonialism
Fatherland
Robert Filmer
Confucianism
Peripatetic school for Aristotle's Hellenistic school
Aristotelianism for Aristotle's wider legacy
References
Aristotle Politics (Loeb Classical Library)
Louis de Bonald On Divorce trans. Nicholas Davidson (1993, New Brunswick: Transaction Publishers)
M. Eugene Boring, Klaus Berger, & Carsten Colpe [edd] Hellenistic Commentary to the New Testament (1995, Nashville, TN: Abingdon Press)
Elisabeth Fraser Delacroix, Art and Patrimony in Post-Revolutionary France (2004, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press)
von Kuehnelt-Leddihn Liberty or Equality
George Lakoff What Conservatives Know That Liberals Don't
Plutarch The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans trans. John Dryden and revised by Arthur Hugh Clough (The Modern Library: div. of Random House)
External links
Patriarcha by Robert Filmer
Political philosophy
Family
Corporatism
Philosophy of Aristotle
Confucianism
Project Nekton was the codename for a series of very shallow test dives (three of them in Apra Harbor) and also deep-submergence operations in the Pacific Ocean near Guam that ended with the United States Navy-owned research bathyscaphe Trieste entering the Challenger Deep, the deepest surveyed point in the world's oceans.
The series of eight dives began with two harbor dives, then a Pacific Ocean test dive at Guam, by the newly modified Trieste, which had been modified to dive far deeper than before. After two checkout dives, the first abyssal dive reached a record of on 15 November 1959. The series included a record deep dive to near the bottom of the Nero Deep in the Mariana Trench at , and finally culminated with a trip to the bottom of the Challenger Deep at , on 23 January 1960.
The project name was proposed by oceanographer Dr. Robert S. Dietz in early 1958, as plans to modify the Trieste bathyscaphe to go to the deepest part of the oceans were being contemplated. It is in reference to ocean life that actively swims (nekton) as opposed to the plankton organisms that only drift. The bathyscaphe Trieste to be used for Project Nekton was able to move independently, in contrast to tethered bathyspheres. The Trieste featured two electric motors, each with a propeller, of each. These allowed it to move forward, backward and to turn horizontally. A maximum speed of was attainable over a few miles distance.
Objectives
Aside from the prestige of being the first to make the deepest dive, the Navy Electronics Laboratory held the following objectives for Project Nekton in furtherance of its underwater sound research for SOSUS and sonar development:
precise determination of the sound velocity throughout the water column being explored
determination of the water column's temperature and salinity structure
water current measurements
light penetration, visibility, and bio-luminescence observations
distribution of organisms under observation in the water column and on the sea floor
marine geological study of the trench environment
engineering tests of equipment at great depths
determination of pressure effects on hull polarity
Operations
Trieste departed San Diego on 5 October 1959 for Guam aboard the freighter SS Santa Mariana to participate in Project Nekton, a series of very deep dives near Guam, culminating in a descent to the Mariana Trench. It had been modified with a larger gasoline float, larger ballast tubs, and a newly designed heavy pressure sphere (made by Krupp in Germany), after having been purchased by the Office of Naval Research, which undertook the modification.
Guam was selected for the test dives because it was a major naval base with complete facilities only from the Challenger Deep. The tug towed Trieste between Guam and the dive sites where project flagship tracked the submerged Trieste with sonar. The first two test dives in the Nekton series were conducted at Guam in the Apra Harbor, then a third dive off the Western flank of Guam reached . This dive was intended to have the same duration as the deep dive for an endurance test to reveal material failures or hazards not encountered during shorter dives. Trieste could surface in 20 minutes from this depth if problems arose, but no problems were encountered.
Fourth dive
The fourth dive in the Nekton series was a very deep dive into the Nero Deep of the Marianas Trench. This deep had been discovered in 1899 by the in a search for a deep sea cable route to the orient. It was dive 61 in a long series of bathyscaphe dives supervised by Jacques Piccard. Trieste reached , later recalibrated to depth, to the sea floor, on 15 November 1959. This dive set a new world record depth formerly held by the French Navy for the descent on their bathyscaphe FNRS-3 off Dakar, Senegal in 1954.
Northeasterly trade winds caused high seas slowing the tow to the dive site, and raising concern about damage to Triestes topside equipment as the nosed into the waves. Seas moderated on the day of the dive, and pre-dive inspection found no damage. The surface vessels lost underwater telephone contact with Trieste as the bathyscaphe descended below and communication below that depth was limited to a few manually keyed signal codes from the bathyscaphe transducer. A small boat remained over the dive site while the tug and destroyer stood off to avoid damaging Trieste if the bathyscaphe surfaced beneath them. Just before the bathyscaphe surfaced, its crew was startled by a loud "bang" as the expanding bathyscaphe segments broke their epoxy joint seals at a depth of . Inspection after returning to Guam revealed some water leakage along the seals between the three sections of the sphere. Trieste was taken out of the water to replace the epoxy glue seals and augment them with mechanical holding ring bands. Some new instrumentation was also installed during this repair period.
Dive 62 (fifth in the Nekton series) was another Apra Harbor dive to test the new instrumentation. There was also some concern about possible leakage between the bathyscaphe sphere segments near the surface, although pressure was expected to seal the joints at depth. The next dive (sixth in the series, dive 63 for Piccard) was another checkout dive on 18 December, west of Guam. It reached to test the holding bands and new instrumentation at that depth. Although not usually considered as part of the counted series, there were five shallow dives for crew training purposes in Apra Harbor before the next deep dive of the series.
Seventh dive
The next dive (dive 64 in a series, seventh in the Nekton series) reached in the Nero Deep in the Mariana Trench off Guam. Although this dive set a new depth record, there had been some damage to topside equipment during the tow to the dive site which prevented this dive from quite reaching the bottom, below. Topside damage to the gasoline release valve prevented negative buoyancy adjustment after ballast had been released when the bottom was sounded, and once rising, the bathyscaphe could not be stopped. The crew was startled by implosion noises as Trieste descended past . A portable navigation light which should have been removed prior to diving imploded, and a topside pipe stanchion recently installed for safety purposes collapsed because no compensating holes had been drilled. The implosions caused no structural or instrument damage, and a newly installed underwater telephone allowed voice communication with the surface at greater depths.
Diving into the Challenger Deep
Lewis arrived at the dive site on 20 January to locate the Challenger Deep for Triestes dive. The ship's fathometer was not designed for such depths. Lewis made depth determinations by dropping explosive charges over the side and timing the interval between the explosion and the return echo. Over 300 explosive charges were used to locate the target trench area long and wide.
On dive 65 (eighth in the Nekton series), on 23 January 1960, Trieste reached the ocean floor in the Challenger Deep (the deepest southern part of the Mariana Trench), carrying Jacques Piccard (son of the boat's designer Auguste Piccard) and Lieutenant Don Walsh, USN. This was the first time a vessel, manned or unmanned, had reached the deepest point in the Earth's oceans. The onboard systems indicated a depth of , although this was later revised to and more accurate measurements made in 1995 have found the Challenger Deep to be slightly shallower, at .
The descent to the ocean floor took 4 hours and 48 minutes at a descent rate of . After passing one of the outer Plexiglas window panes cracked, shaking the entire vessel. The two men spent barely twenty minutes at the ocean floor, eating chocolate bars to keep their strength. The temperature in the cabin was a mere at the time. While on the bottom at maximum depth, Piccard and Walsh unexpectedly regained the ability to communicate with Wandank using a sonar/hydrophone voice communications system. At a speed of almost (about five times the speed of sound in air), it took about seven seconds for a voice message to travel from the craft to the surface ship and another seven seconds for answers to return.
While on the bottom, Piccard and Walsh reported they observed a number of small sole and flounder swimming away, indicating that at least some vertebrate life might withstand the extremes of pressure in any of the Earth's oceans. They noted that the floor of the Challenger Deep consisted of "diatomaceous ooze". The ascent to surface took three hours, fifteen minutes.
Successor exploration programs in the Challenger Deep
The next manned craft to reach the bottom of the Challenger Deep was Deepsea Challenger, on 25 March 2012. A Japanese robotic craft Kaikō reached the bottom of the Challenger Deep in 1995. The Nereus hybrid remotely operated vehicle (HROV) reached the bottom on 31 May 2009.
References
Trieste-class deep-submergence vehicle
Nippulanti Manishi () is a 1986 Indian Telugu-language action film written and directed by S. B. Chakravarthy. The film stars Nandamuri Balakrishna, Radha and Sarath Babu, with music composed by Chakravarthy. It is a remake of the Hindi film Qayamat (1983).
Plot
Parasuram and Vijay are close childhood friends. When Vijay is unable to pay their exam fees, Parasuram assists him, and as a result, Vijay does well, can study further, becomes an IPS Officer, and is subsequently hired as the Superintendent of Police, while Parasuram re-locates, years later, Parasuram has taken to crime in a big way. They kill a big politician's son, Raja, who had killed their lover Radha their betrothed, but the Police are unable to find evidence to arrest him. Now the Police appoint Vijay to intervene and arrest Parasuram, and as a result, Vijay relocates along with their wife, Lakshmi, and sister, Aasha who looks like Radha. Vijay finds out that Parasuram is none other than their childhood friend, but does eventually arrest them for abducting and sexually molesting Swapna. Vijay believes that the charges against them are false and trusts Parasuram fully. But the Court finds Parasuram guilty and sentences them to seven years in jail. Betrayed and upset with Vijay, an embittered and vengeful Parasuram is discharged from prison after their sentence, determined to molest Aasha and make Vijay's life a nightmare.
Cast
Nandamuri Balakrishna as Parasuram
Radha as Radha & Aasha (Dual role)
Sarath Babu as Vijay
Nutan Prasad as Bhujanga Rao
Rajeev as Jacky
Raj Varma as Raja
Hema Sundar as Keshava
P. J. Sarma as IGP Ranga Rao
Suthi Velu as Dumbu & Lambu (Dual role)
K. K. Sarma as Govindaiah
Narra Venkateswara Rao as Masthan
Potti Prasad as Rangaiah
Bhimiswara Rao as Judge
Telephone Satyanarayana as Lawyer
Madan Mohan
Rajya Lakshmi as Lakshmi
Sri Lakshmi as Chukkamma
Varalakshmi as Mahalakshmi
Silk Smitha as item number
Anuradha as item number
Babita as item number
Sundari as Swapna
Y. Vijaya as Pankajam
Soundtrack
Music composed by Chakravarthy. Lyrics were written by Veturi.
References
External links
1980s Telugu-language films
1986 action films
1986 films
Films scored by K. Chakravarthy
Indian action films
Telugu remakes of Hindi films
Sinocyamodus is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Late Triassic (Tuvalian) Xiaowa Formation of China. Only one species, Sinocyamodus xinpuensis, is currently assigned to this genus. This genus was the first placodont to be discovered in the eastern Tethys, overthrowing traditional views that the group was restricted to the western Tethys.
The first adult specimen of this genus was reported in 2018, and showed a number of morphological differences with previously discovered sub-adult material indicating developmental changes with age.
References
Placodonts
Anisian life
Late Triassic reptiles of Asia
Triassic China
Fossils of China
Fossil taxa described in 2000
Sauropterygian genera
The 2008–09 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the sixth staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association.
On 15 February 2009, Dripsey won the championship following a 2–15 to 0–18 defeat of Tullogher-Rosbercon in the final.
Results
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2008
The following lists events that have happened in 1861 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Naser al-Din Shah Qajar
Event
Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar was named as crown prince. They were also appointed as governor of Azerbaijan and sent to Tabriz.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1860s in Iran
Iran
Wardman Row is a block of historic apartment buildings at 1416-1440 R Street, NW in Washington, D.C. The buildings, located in the Greater Fourteenth Street Historic District were designed in 1911 by Harry Wardman and Albert Beers. In 1984, the buildings were placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Residential buildings completed in 1911
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Neoclassical architecture in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites
Fürstenau (Romansh: Farschno) is a municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the smallest town to hold city rights with a market right received from Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor in 1354.
History
Fürstenau is first mentioned in 1257 as Fúrstenowo and Furstinowe. Originally there were two medieval tower houses or guard towers and a bishop's house in the area that became Fürstenau. The Bishop's summer residence is of course the reason for the city right.
Geography
Fürstenau has an area, , of . Of this area, 52.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 32.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 9.2% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (6.2%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the municipality was located in the Domleschg sub-district of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It consists of the village of Fürstenau and Fürstenaubruck, on the right side of the valley.
Demographics
Fürstenau has a population (as of ) of . , 8.1% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has grown at a rate of 12.5%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The age distribution, , in Fürstenau is; 29 people or 9.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 16 people or 5.1% are 10 to 14, and 13 people or 4.2% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 27 people or 8.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 51 people or 16.4% are 30 to 39, 36 people or 11.6% are 40 to 49, and 44 people or 14.1% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 25 people or 8.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 28 people or 9.0% are 70 to 79, there are 33 people or 10.6% who are 80 to 89, and there are 9 people or 2.9% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SPS which received 32.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (30.4%), the FDP (27.2%) and the CVP (9.5%).
In Fürstenau about 81% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Fürstenau has an unemployment rate of 1.85%. , there were 11 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people are employed in the secondary sector and there is 1 business in this sector. 133 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 15 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Sights
Fürstenau has three Swiss Heritage Sites of National Significance.
Heritage sites of national significance
The Haus Stoffel, Oberes Schloss (Upper Castle) and Unteres Schloss (Lower Castle, also known as the Bishop's Castle) are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. , the Oberes Schloss is an inn with a Michelin 3-star restaurant.
Languages
The municipality is predominantly German-speaking, with a small Romansh-speaking minority. , 92.3% speaks German, with Romansh being second most common ( 3.2%) and Italian being third ( 1.9%).
References
External links
www.fuerstenau.ws
Municipalities of Graubünden
Cities in Switzerland
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
The Willie Lamb Post No. 26 American Legion Hut is a historic society meeting hall at 205 Alexander Street in Lepanto, Arkansas. It is a single story brick building with a side-gable roof, and a full-width shed-roof front porch supported by square posts. It was built in 1937-38 for the local chapter of the American Legion military fraternal organization, replacing an earlier building which had been built with funding assistance from the New Deal Civil Works Administration in 1932 which was flooded and then destroyed by fire. The building has long been a center of social activity in the community, as the site of dances, fundraising events, and other activities.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Poinsett County, Arkansas
References
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arkansas
American Legion buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Poinsett County, Arkansas
Civil Works Administration
1938 establishments in Arkansas
New Deal in Arkansas
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1938
Neoclassical architecture in Arkansas
Sclerodoris prea is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.
Distribution
The distribution of Sclerodoris prea includes Florida, Venezuela, Bahamas, Jamaica, Barbados and Panama.
Description
The body is oval and mantle is rigid. Dorsum is covered with numerous caryophyllidia. Larger tubercles are arranged in two rows along the visceral hump, with a longitudinal depression in the center. Rhinophores are elongated, gill is composed of multipinnate branchial leaves. Background color is cream-brown with numerous dark brown spots. Black patches are present along the center of the visceral hump. Rhinophores are cream with dark spots and gill is gray with opaque white spots. The maximum recorded body length is 40 mm.
Ecology
Minimum recorded depth is 1 m. Maximum recorded depth is 3 m. It was found under rocks in Panama. This species probably feeds on sponges.
References
This article incorporates Creative Commons (CC-BY-4.0) text from the reference
External links
Discodorididae
Gastropods described in 1967
Taxa named by Eveline Du Bois-Reymond Marcus
Taxa named by Ernst Marcus (zoologist)
Velikent (; , Vəlikənd) is a rural locality (a selo) in Derbentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 4,202 as of 2010. The village has an Azerbaijani-majority. There are 47 streets.
Geography
Velikent is located 24 km northwest of Derbent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Padar and Karadagly are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Derbentsky District
The Oval Raceway, also known as the Angmering Motor Sports Centre or Angmering Raceway is a motor racing circuit on the outskirts of Angmering, near Worthing, West Sussex in the United Kingdom.
The site was started by local man Jim Hazelgrove and is focused on a concrete banked oval track, inside of which is a smaller circuit for go-karts, mini motos and pit bikes. The main track primarily hosts stock car, hot rod and banger racing, as well as special events such as demolition derbys caravan racing and car jumps.
Types of racing
The primary type of racing at the track is the racing of stock cars on the banked concrete oval, and this has a number of subdivisions including hot rods, saloon stock cars and bangers.
There are also races of specialist classes such as classic stock cars.
External links
Oval Race Club official website
References
Stock car racing
Kart circuits
Lolium perenne, common name perennial ryegrass, English ryegrass, winter ryegrass, or ray grass, is a grass from the family Poaceae. It is native to Europe, Asia and northern Africa, but is widely cultivated and naturalised around the world.
Description
The plant is a low-growing, tufted, hairless grass, with a bunching (or tillering) growth habit. The leaves are dark green, smooth and glossy on the lower surface, with untoothed parallel sides and prominent parallel veins on the upper surface. The leaves are folded lengthwise in bud (unlike the rolled leaves of Italian ryegrass, Lolium multiflorum) with a strong central keel, giving a flattened appearance. The ligule is very short and truncated and often difficult to see. The small white auricles grip the stem at the base of the leaf blade. Leaf sheaths at the base are usually tinged pink and hairless. Stems grow up to 90 cm.
The inflorescence is unbranched, with spikelets on alternating sides edgeways-on to the stem. Each spikelet has only a single glume, on the side away from the stem, and between four and 14 florets without awns, unlike Italian ryegrass. The anthers are pale yellow, and the plant flowers from May to November. Perennial ryegrass has a fibrous root system, with thick main roots and thinner lateral branches. Roots are usually arbuscular mycorrhizal.
Distribution
Perennial ryegrass is native to southern Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and eastwards to central Asia. As a useful species of grass for fodder and grazing livestock, it has been taken by farmers settling in new areas including North America, South Africa and Australia. It can be used to prevent erosion and to stabilise soils, as well as creating a hardwearing turf for lawns and golf courses. With its great ability to set seed, its ease of germination and vigour, it has spread from the fields where it has been planted to roadsides, trackways, footpaths, wasteland, river banks and sand dunes. In countries where it has been introduced, it may be regarded as an invasive species that competes with native plants.
Cultivation and uses
Perennial ryegrass is an important pasture and forage plant, and is used in many pasture seed mixes. In fertile soil, it produces a high grass yield, and in Britain and Ireland, it is frequently sown for short-term ley grassland, often with red or white clover (Trifolium).
In Britain, it is also used as an indicator of nonspecies-rich grassland, as it outcompetes the rarer plants and grasses, especially in fertile soils. Agri-environment schemes such as the Countryside Stewardship Scheme, Environmentally Sensitive Areas Scheme, and Environmental Stewardship give funding to species-rich grasslands that do not have an abundance of ryegrass.
Selected seed mixes are used extensively for sports pitches, especially winter sports in temperate climates, because of its wear resistance and ability to regenerate.
It is commonly used in the southwest United States to overseed winter lawns. Bermudagrass is a typical summertime grass in states such as Arizona, since it is able to withstand the high temperatures. However, bermudagrass goes dormant during the cooler winter months. Rather than have brown lawns, many homeowners, public areas, and golf courses overseed these lawns with perennial ryegrass in early to mid-September.
It is also the grass used on the courts at the England Lawn Tennis Club in Wimbledon. Since 2001, the courts have been sown with 100% perennial ryegrass to "improve durability and strengthen the sward to withstand better the increasing wear of the modern game".
MLB playing surfaces
Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, OH
Kauffman Stadium in Kansas City, MO (Kentucky Bluegrass/Perennial Ryegrass Blend)
Coors Field in Denver, CO (Kentucky Bluegrass/Perennial Ryegrass Blend)
T-Mobile Park in Seattle, WA (Kentucky Bluegrass/Perennial Ryegrass Blend)
Similar species
Italian ryegrass, Lolium multiflorum, differs in the fact that each scale in the spikelet has a long bristle at the top. Its stem is also round rather than folded.
Couch, Elymus repens, has spikelets set on the broadside of the stem rather than edge on.
Gallery
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment for "festuca perennis" which lists lolium perenne as a synonym
Forest Service Fire Ecology
Photo gallery
Pooideae
Flora of Europe
Flora of Estonia
Flora of the United Kingdom
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Syrmoptera is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. They are found in the Afrotropical realm.
Species
Syrmoptera amasa (Hewitson, 1869)
Syrmoptera bonifacei Stempffer, 1961
Syrmoptera caritas Libert, 2004
Syrmoptera homeyerii (Dewitz, 1879)
Syrmoptera melanomitra Karsch, 1895
Syrmoptera mixtura (Hulstaert, 1924)
References
Theclinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
Senator Guthrie may refer to:
Brett Guthrie (born 1964), Kentucky State Senate
James Guthrie (Kentucky politician) (1792–1869), Kentucky State Senate
The Zulu Principle: Making Extraordinary Profits from Ordinary Shares(Zulu: Umgomo WesiZulu: Ukwenza Inzuzo Engavamile Ngamasheya Avamile) is an investment guide written by English accountant and investor Jim Slater, first published by Orion in 1992. Slater named their approach to investment when they observed that after reading a short article on the Zulu people in the Reader's Digest their wife was better informed on the subject than they themselves was. They went on to consider that if their wife read all the books they could find on the subject of Zulus, coupled with a visit to South Africa to meet them for herself, then in a relatively short period of time they could become one of the leading authorities on that "clearly defined and narrow area of knowledge".
The Zulu Principle was republished in 2008 by Harriman House, with a new preface from the author.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Investment
1992 non-fiction books
Finance books
Malinówka () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Sawin, north of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
National Coalition of Freedom-Seekers () was a political group reportedly aiming to create a secular political system in Iran, with Mohsen Sazegara and Ghasem Sholeh-Saadi as its lead figures.
Pledging to elect Sazegara as the Mayor of Tehran, they presented a list of candidates for the City Council of Tehran in the 2003 local elections, however none of their candidates were placed among the top 50.
References
2003 establishments in Iran
Political organisations based in Iran
The Gastonia Honey Hunters are a professional baseball team based in Gastonia, North Carolina. They play in the South Division of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball, a "partner league" of Major League Baseball, at CaroMont Health Park in Gastonia, North Carolina.
History
In 2019 the Atlantic League announced it was considering a new franchise in Gastonia. Work officially began in November 2019, for the new ballpark in Gastonia. In July 2020, the league announced the addition of a new franchise in Gastonia beginning in 2021; it would be the league's second team based in North Carolina. Brandon Bellamy was announced as the team's owner.
On August 15, 2020, a "Name the Team" contest was launched. On October 8, 2020, the names were narrowed down to Fire Ants, Hogzillas, Honey Hunters, Hotshots, and Uppercuts.
On January 13, 2021, the Honey Hunters name, logo and colors were announced. "Honey Hunters" refers to the toughness of a honey badger (Mellivora capensis) and the ability to seek out positive things in hard times. The moniker also alludes to Ransom Hunter, the first freed slave to own property in Gaston County, of which Gastonia is the county seat.
The team's first game was an exhibition on May 23, 2021, followed by the regular season opening day game on May 25.
Current roster
References
External links
2020 establishments in North Carolina
Baseball teams established in 2020
Atlantic League of Professional Baseball teams
Professional baseball teams in North Carolina
Gastonia, North Carolina
Gastonia Honey Hunters
Route 143 is a short state highway in southern Missouri. The route starts at Missouri Route 34 near Patterson, and it travels north through Sam A. Baker State Park. North of the park, Route 143 turns westwards and ends at Route 49 at Des Arc. The road that became part of Route 143 was constructed around 1934, as a supplemental route traveling east from Des Arc. Four years later, a new state route, Route 101, was constructed from Route 34 to the state park, and it was renumbered to Route 143 in 1941. By 1964, a new supplemental route connected the two routes. The two supplemental routes were merged into Route 143 around six years later.
Route description
Route 143 is located in northern Wayne and southern Iron counties. In 2016, the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDOT) calculated 672 vehicles, including 46 trucks, traveling on the route north of Route 34.
The route starts at Route 34 east of Patterson, and it crosses Clark Creek at County Road 312 (CRD 312) as it travels north. Past Logan Creek, Route 143 turns northeastwards towards Sam A. Baker State Park. The road travels along Big Creek, intersecting entrances to the state park's campground and visitor center, and then it crosses the creek. Northeast of CRD 318, Route 143 turns northwestwards and westwards near CRD 319. The road crosses Crane Pond Creek west of CRD 321. The route enters Iron County past Brunot. Inside the county, Route 143 continues traveling through a forested rural area. The road briefly turns south between CRD 162 and CRD 163, before turning west and paralleling Big Creek. Route 143 crosses the creek again near CRD 160 and enters Des Arc at CRD 167. The route ends at a T-intersection with Route 49 on the northern side of the village.
History
Around 1934, a gravel road that extended several miles eastwards from Route 49 in Des Arc was designated as Route N. By 1937, another gravel road from Route 34 to Sam A. Baker State Park was constructed and designated as Route 101. Route N was extended to the Iron–Wayne county line by 1940. The road was renumbered to Route 143 by 1941, and the Route 101 designation was reused for another highway in Ozark and Howell counties. In late May of that year, a project to pave the entirety of Route 143 in oil aggregate treatment was announced. The work was completed by 1942. Route 143 was extended northwards further into the park by 1955, and Route N was paved in asphalt by 1958. A new gravel road, Route NN, connected Routes 143 and N by 1964, after it was proposed in 1961. Route NN was paved by 1968, and Route 143 replaced Routes N and NN by 1970, with its northern terminus at Route 49.
Major intersections
References
External links
143
Transportation in Wayne County, Missouri
Transportation in Iron County, Missouri
Rückersdorf could be any one of the following places:
Germany:
Rückersdorf, Thuringia
Rückersdorf, Bavaria, a town in the district of Nürnberger Land in Bavaria
Rückersdorf, Brandenburg
Austria:
Rückersdorf, Lower Austria
Rückersdorf, Carinthia
Switzerland:
Rückersdorf, Switzerland
This is the full discography of American songwriter and record producer Nicholas Furlong, also known as RAS.
Discography
Singles
As The Dirty Rich
As featured vocalist
Production and songwriting credits
References
Discographies of American artists
Production discographies
Coconut production plays an important role in the national economy of Indonesia. According to figures published in December 2009 by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, it is the world's second largest producer of coconuts, producing 15,319,500 tonnes in 2009.
References
Indonesia
Agriculture in Indonesia
Desh Drohi may refer to:
Deshdrohi, a 2008 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film
Desh Drohi (1980 film), an Indian Hindi-language action film
Shingo Yamada (15 December 1908 – 7 July 1977) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1908 births
1977 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
Patrick Kifu Apataki (born 14 May 1979) is a DR Congo former professional footballer who played as a striker. They spent most of their career in South Africa and Angola.
Club career
Apataki was born in Kinshasa, Zaire. They played for AmaZulu, FC Rouen, RCF Paris, AS Marsa, CS Sfaxien, Bursaspor, Lokeren, DC Motema Pembe. They were released by Mamelodi Sundowns at the end of the 2007–08 season, attended trials at Israeli club Bnei Sakhnin F.C. in August, but complications with travel documents appear to have scuppered their return to that country has been interested in their services from Premiership rookies Bay United. The Congolese striker believed their decision to join struggling First Division side Dynamos will boost their chances of a return to the Absa Premiership or a move overseas. In 2009 left Dynamos of the South African Premier Soccer League and joined to F.C. Cape Town.
International career
Apataki was also member of the DR Congo national team.
References
External links
Profile and stats – Lokeren
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Kinshasa
Association football forwards
Democratic Republic of the Congo footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo international footballers
Bursaspor footballers
CS Sfaxien players
AS Marsa players
Daring Club Motema Pembe players
Estrela Clube Primeiro de Maio players
F.C. Cape Town players
FC Rouen players
K.S.C. Lokeren Oost-Vlaanderen players
Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. players
Racing Club de France Football players
Dynamos F.C. (South Africa) players
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate footballers
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Angola
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in France
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in South Africa
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Tunisia
Democratic Republic of the Congo expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate soccer players in South Africa
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Extended or continuous cycle combined oral contraceptive pills are a packaging of combined oral contraceptive pills (COCPs) that reduce or eliminate the withdrawal bleeding that would occur once every 28 days in traditionally packaged COCPs. It works by reducing the frequency of the pill-free or placebo days. Extended cycle use of COCPs may also be called menstrual suppression, although other hormonal medications or medication delivery systems (hormonal intrauterine devices—IUDs) may also be used to suppress menses. Any brand of combined oral contraceptive pills can be used in an extended or continuous manner by simply discarding the placebo pills; this is most commonly done with monophasic pills in which all of the pills in a package contain the same fixed dosing of a synthetic estrogen and a progestin in each active pill.
Other combined hormonal contraceptives (those containing both an estrogen and a progestin) may also be used in an extended or continuous cycle. For example, the NuvaRing vaginal ring and the contraceptive patch have been studied for extended cycle use, and the monthly combined injectable contraceptive may similarly eliminate bleeding.
History
Before the advent of modern contraceptives, reproductive age women spent most of their time either pregnant or nursing. In modern Western society, women typically have about 450 periods during their lives, as compared to about 160 formerly.
Although it was evident that the pill could be used to suppress menstruation for arbitrary lengths of time, the original regimen was designed to produce withdrawal bleeding every four weeks to mimic the menstrual cycle.
Usage
When a woman takes COCP, the hormones in the pills prevent both ovulation and shedding of the endometrium (menstruation). Traditionally, COCPs are packaged with 21 active (hormone-containing) pills and 7 placebo pills. During the week of placebo pills, withdrawal bleeding occurs and simulates an average 28-day menstrual cycle. The placebo pills are not required for pregnancy protection, and with any monophasic COCP the placebo pills may be discarded, and the next pack of active pills may be started to prevent the withdrawal bleeding. With bi- and tri-phasic pills, skipping the placebo week results in a sudden change in hormone levels, which may cause irregular spotting or flow.
(Monophasic pills offer the same dose of estrogen and progestogen whereas multiphasic pills have varying doses from day to day; see formulations for details.)
Recently, several pharmaceutical companies have gained FDA approval to package COCPs for the intended use of reducing the frequency of or eliminating withdrawal bleeding.
Clinical indications
Extended or continuous use of COCPs has been used for many years to treat endometriosis, dysmenorrhea, and menstruation-associated symptoms. Some studies have suggested that women who experience premenstrual-type symptoms during the placebo (hormone-free) week of traditionally packaged COCPs may experience significantly fewer symptoms when placed on extended cycle COCP regimens.
More recently, personal preference to avoid menstruation has also become a common reason for use. Personal preference is the most common reason extended cycle or continuous use COCPs are prescribed to adolescents. The Society for Menstrual Cycle Research holds that this use of COCPs does not have sufficient safety studies to justify promotion as a lifestyle choice (as opposed to medical indications), and criticizes what it perceives as negative portrayals of normal menstrual cycles in promotional literature for extended and continuous COCP use.
Women's satisfaction with their contraception, compliance in taking the pills on time, and discontinuation rates are not significantly different between traditional and extended cycle regimens.
Side effects
With all extended-cycle COCPs, breakthrough bleeding is the most common side effect, although it tends to decrease over time. In a 12-month study of a continuous COCP regimen, 59% of women experienced no bleeding in months six through twelve and 79% of women experienced no bleeding in month twelve. Extended or continuous use of COCPs or other combined hormonal contraceptives carries the same risk of side effects and medical risks as traditional COCP use.
Ad campaign
One of the early extended-cycle COCPs, Seasonale, was marketed with the campaign, "Fewer periods. More possibilities." In December 2004, Barr Pharmaceuticals was warned by the FDA concerning these television advertisements. As the warning stated, "By omitting and minimizing the risks associated with Seasonale, the TV ad misleadingly suggests that Seasonale is safer than has been demonstrated by substantial evidence or substantial clinical experience." Although clinical studies had proven Seasonale to be effective in preventing pregnancy, the FDA felt the commercial advertisements omitted the common side effects of irregular vaginal bleeding or spotting.
Brands
Seasonale is produced by Duramed Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Barr Pharmaceuticals; Barr Pharmaceuticals also produces the same medicine as a generic called Jolessa. Quasense is the generic version produced by Watson Pharmaceuticals. Seasonale contains 30 micrograms of ethinylestradiol and 150 micrograms of levonorgestrel in each active pill. Seasonale reduces the frequency of menstrual periods from thirteen per year to four per year by changing the regimen of active pills from 21 to 84. Each package has 84 active pills and seven placebo pills to be taken at the end of the active cycle. It was first developed by Barr Pharmaceuticals, in collaboration with Eastern Virginia Medical School, under an agreement. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Seasonale in the United States on September 5, 2003. Barr Pharmaceuticals, its manufacturer, claimed at the time of Seasonale's approval that it would cost one dollar per pill. Health Canada approved Seasonale in July 2007, and Paladin Labs began distributing it in Canada on January 4, 2008.
Seasonique, also produced by Duramed Pharmaceuticals, has active pills and packaging identical to Seasonale, but replaces the placebo week with a low-dosage week of estrogen.
Lybrel is produced by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. It contains 90 µg levonorgestrel and 20 µg ethinylestradiol in each pill, and is designed to be taken continuously with no placebos. The FDA approved Lybrel for human consumption on May 22, 2007.
References
Further reading
External links
Lybrel official site
Seasonale and Seasonique official site
Pro-extended cycle COCP site by Leslie Miller, M.D.
Hormonal contraception
Human female endocrine system
Wyeth brands
Pfizer brands
SM UB-148 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 19 September 1918 as UB-148 . UB-148 was surrendered to the United States in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany on 1 December 1918 and later sunk as target by .
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 7 August 1918. UB-148 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-148 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-148 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats commissioned in 1918
{{Infobox monarch
| image= Marthand Rao Holkar.png
| name =Marthand Rao Holkar
| succession = 8th Holkar Maharaja of Indore
| caption =Marthand Rao Holkar
| title =Maharaja (Ruler of Indore) | religion = Hinduism
| full name = Marthand Rao Holkar
| coronation = 17 January 1834, Indore
| birth_date = 1830
| birth_place =
| death_date = 2 June 1849
| death_place =Pune
| reign = 1833 - 1834
| successor =Hari Rao Holkar
| spouse =
| father = Bapu Sahib Holkar
| mother =
| issue =
}}
Maharajadhiraj Raja Rajeshwar Sawai Shri Marthand Rao Holkar VIII Bahadur or Marthand Rao Holkar (1830–1849) belonging to the Holkar dynasty of the Marathas was briefly the Maharaja of Indore (Holkar State) (1833–1834).
They were born in 1830, the eldest son of Shrimant Sardar Bapu Sahib Holkar. They were adopted in October 1833 by Gautama Bai Holkar and Krishna Bai Holkar, who were, respectively, the widow and mother of the deceased Maharaja Malhar Rao Holkar III.
Gaddi
Marthand Rao was installed on the throne (gaddi'') at Indore on 17 January 1834. The adoption, however, was not acceptable to the people, who regarded it as Gautama Bai's device for retaining power. The strong opposition of the public on 2 February 1834, led to the succession of Hari Rao Holkar. Subsequently, Marthand Rao was sent to the Deccan Plateau, where they were confined until their death at Poona on 2 June 1849.
See also
Holkar
References
Hira Lal Gupta, "INDORE SUCCESSIONS, 1833-34 & 1843", Proceedings of the Indian History Congress Vol. 18 (1955), pp. 243-251
Henry Beveridge, A Comprehensive History of India, Civil, Military and Social, vol 3, London: Blackie, 1865, 220 et sup
C U Aitchinson, A Collection of Treaties, Engagements, and Sanads Relating to India and Neighbouring Countries, vol 4. Calcutta: Government of India, 1893, 157
1830 births
1849 deaths
Maharajas of Indore
Strigoptera is a genus of "jewel beetles" in the subfamily Polycestinae and tribe Polycestini.
Species
Strigoptera includes the following:
Strigoptera auromaculata (Saunders, 1867)
Strigoptera bettoni (Waterhouse, 1904)
Strigoptera bimaculata (Linnaeus, 1758)
Strigoptera borneensis (Obenberger, 1924)
Strigoptera cyanipennis (Deyrolle, 1864)
Strigoptera fairmairei (Waterhouse, 1904)
Strigoptera kubani Bellamy, 2006
Strigoptera obsoleta (Chevrolat, 1841)
Strigoptera pulchra (Waterhouse, 1904)
Strigoptera rubripennis (Thery, 1923)
Strigoptera socotra Zabransky, 2005
References
Buprestidae genera
Kommando can mean:
Kommando, a German military term
Boer Commando, Boer military units
South African Commando System, South African military units
Kommando 1944, an American short film depicting the internment of Japanese American citizens during World War II
Comandău, a Romanian commune, called Kommandó in Hungarian
Or see Commando (disambiguation)
Zeydun () may refer to:
Zeydun, Bushehr
Zeydun District, in Khuzestan Province
See also
Zaidan (disambiguation)
Zeydan (disambiguation)
The Macedonian Orthodox Church – Archdiocese of Ohrid (MOC-AO; ), or simply the Macedonian Orthodox Church (MOC) or the Archdiocese of Ohrid (AO), is an autocephalous Eastern Orthodox church in North Macedonia. The Macedonian Orthodox Church claims ecclesiastical jurisdiction over North Macedonia, and is also represented in the Macedonian diaspora. The primate of the Macedonian Orthodox Church is Stefan Veljanovski, the Metropolitan of Skopje and Archbishop of Ohrid and Macedonia.
In 1959, the Holy Synod of the Serbian Orthodox Church granted autonomy to the Macedonian Orthodox Church in the then-Socialist Republic of Macedonia, as the restoration of the historic Archbishopric of Ohrid; the MOC was united with the Serbian Orthodox Church (SOC) as a part of the SOC. In 1967, on the bicentennial anniversary of the abolition of the Archbishopric of Ohrid, the Macedonian Holy Synod unilaterally announced its autocephaly from the Serbian Orthodox Church. The Serbian synod denounced the decision and condemned the clergy as schismatic. Thenceforth, the Macedonian Church had remained unrecognized by all mainstream Eastern Orthodox churches for 55 years.
The Macedonian Orthodox Church was formally reintegrated into the Eastern Orthodox community in 2022. On 9 May 2022, the Ecumenical Patriarchate accepted the MOC into communion and recognized North Macedonia as its canonical territory. On 16 May of the same year, the schism between the Serbian and Macedonian churches ended, with the Serbian church stating the MOC was restored as an autonomous part of the Serbian church according to its 1959 status. In June 2022, the Serbian Orthodox Church officially granted autocephaly to the MOC, and the Ecumenical Patriarchate officially recognized the MOC as a legitimate autocephalous church. On 22 June, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church restored communion with the MOC.
History
Background
Following the fall of the First Bulgarian Empire, Byzantine Emperor Basil II acknowledged the autocephalous status of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church and set up its boundaries, dioceses, property and other privileges. The Archbishopric was seated in Ohrid in the Byzantine theme of Bulgaria and was established in 1019 by lowering the rank of the autocephalous Bulgarian Patriarchate and its subjugation to the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Constantinople.
In 1767 the Ohrid Archbishopric was abolished by the Ottoman authorities and annexed to the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople. During the Bulgarian National awakening, efforts were made in Ottoman Macedonia for the restoration of a Bulgarian church in the region separate from the Greek Patriarchate, and in 1870 the Bulgarian Exarchate was created. The Christian population of the bishoprics of Skopje and Ohrid voted in 1874 overwhelmingly in favour of joining the exarchate, and the Bulgarian Exarchate became in control of most of the Macedonian region. There were also unsuccessful attempts made by some to specifically restore the Ohrid Archbishopric itself, most notably by Theodosius of Skopje.
Following Vardar Macedonia's incorporation into Serbia in 1913, several of the Bulgarian Exarchate's dioceses were forcefully taken over by the Serbian Orthodox Church. While the region was occupied by Bulgaria during World War I and World War II, the local dioceses temporarily came under the control of the Bulgarian Exarchate.
The first modern assembly of Macedonian clergy was held in the village of Izdeglavje near Ohrid in 1943. In October 1944, an initiative board for the organization of the Macedonian Orthodox Church was officially formed. In 1945, the first clergy and people's synod met and adopted a resolution for the restoration of the Ohrid Archbishopric as a Macedonian Orthodox Church. It was submitted to the Serbian Orthodox Church, which since 1919 had been the sole church in Vardar Macedonia. The resolution was rejected, but a later one, submitted in 1958 at the second synod, was accepted on June 17, 1959, by the Serbian Orthodox Church under pressure from the Socialist authorities. Dimitrija Stojkovski, a Macedonian, was appointed the first archbishop of Ohrid and Metropolitan of Macedonia under the name Dositheus II.
Self-proclaimed autocephaly
At its third synod in 1967, on the bicentennial anniversary of the abolition of the Archbishopric of Ohrid, the Macedonian Church proclaimed its autocephaly (full administrative independence). Serbian Church bishops denounced the decision and condemned the clergy as schismatic. For all the subsequent efforts to gain recognition, the autocephaly of the Macedonian Church was not recognized by other canonical Eastern Orthodox churches, due to opposition from the SOC.
Since the breakup of Yugoslavia (the 1990s), the Serbian Patriarchate had sought to restore its control over the Macedonian Church.
The later chain of events turned into a vicious circle of mutual accusations and incidents involving the Serbian Orthodox Church and, partly, the Serbian government on one side, and the MOC, backed by the Macedonian government on the other. The Macedonian side regarded Jovan as a traitor and Serbian puppet. Jovan complained of a new state-backed media campaign against their church. The government has denied registration to their organisation, and launched a criminal case against him. They were arrested, removed from their bishopric and then expelled from the country and later sentenced to 18 months in prison and jailed with "extremely limited visitation rights".
In turn, the Serbian Church denied a Macedonian delegation access to the monastery of Prohor Pčinjski, which was the usual site of Macedonian celebration of the national holiday of Ilinden (literally meaning St. Elijah Day) on August 2 and the site where the First Session of ASNOM was held. Macedonian border police often denied Serbian priests entry into the country in clerical garb.
On 12 November 2009, the Macedonian Orthodox Church added "Archdiocese of Ohrid" to its official name and changed its coat of arms and flag. This name change was a way for the MOC to proclaim itself as the successor of the Archbishopric of Ohrid.
Recognition efforts
In November 2017, Bulgarian National Television announced the content of a letter that the MOC had sent to the Holy Synod of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church requesting talks on recognition of the Macedonian Orthodox Church. The letter was signed by Archbishop Stefan Veljanovski. Among other things, the letter stated: "The Bulgarian Orthodox Church - Bulgarian Patriarchate, taking into account the unity of the Orthodox Church and the real spiritual and pastoral needs, should establish eucharistic unity with the restored Ohrid Archbishopric in the face of the Macedonian Orthodox Church". 27 November, the Holy Synod of the Bulgarian patriarchate accepted the proposal that it become Macedonia's mother church and agreed to work towards recognition of its status. The Serbian Church expressed its surprise over the Bulgarian decision to be “mother” to the Macedonian Church.
On May 14, 2018, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church decided to decline the invitation from the Macedonian Orthodox Church to participate in the festivities celebrating the 1000th anniversary of the establishment of the Archbishopric of Ohrid. They also declined to send a representative to the celebration.
In late May 2018, the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople announced it had accepted the request from Skopje to examine the canonical status of the Ohrid Archbishopric.
On 13 January 2020, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew received North Macedonia's prime minister Oliver Spasovski and their predecessor Zoran Zaev. According to the Ecumenical Patriarchate's statement, "The purpose of the visit was to examine the ecclesiastical problem of the country. The previous stages of the matter were discussed during the meeting." It was announced that the patriarch would invite both the Serbian Orthodox Church and the Macedonian Orthodox Church to a joint meeting in a bid to find a mutually acceptable solution to the country's ecclesiastical issue. In September 2020, the President of North Macedonia, Stevo Pendarovski, wrote a letter asking the Ecumenical Patriarch, asking them to recognise the MOC.
Communion with mainstream Eastern Orthodoxy
On 9 May 2022, the Holy Synod of the Ecumenical Patriarchate stated it recognised the Macedonian Orthodox Church, its hierarchy and faithful, and established eucharistic communion with it. It also stated that it recognised the MOC's jurisdiction as being over North Macedonia. However, the Ecumenical Patriarchate explicitly refused to recognise the word "Macedonia" or any other derivative to designate the church, and stated it would use "Ohrid" to refer to it. The Holy Synod also stated it was the role of the Serbian Orthodox Church to settle the administrative issues the Serbian Church had with the MOC. The decision of the Ecumenical Patriarchate was welcomed by North Macedonia's Prime Minister, Dimitar Kovačevski. After the Ecumenical Patriarchate announced communion with the MOC, the Russian Orthodox Church came to the conclusion that it recognizes only the canonical rights of the Serbian Orthodox Church and refuses to recognize the MOC's jurisdiction over North Macedonia.
On 16 May, the Holy Synod of the Serbian Orthodox Church released a statement that the situation of the MOC was resolved. The Holy Synod stated that full ecclesiastical autonomy was restored to the MOC under the Patriarchate of Serbia, bringing the MOC-OA fully into communion with the mainstream Eastern Orthodox world.
Recognized autocephaly
On 24 May 2022, the feast of saints Cyril and Methodius, during a liturgy presided by both primates of the MOC-OA and the Serbian Orthodox Church in Skopje, Patriarch Porfirije of the Serbian Church announced to the faithful that "the Holy Synod of the Serbian Orthodox Church has unanimously met the pleas of the Macedonian Orthodox Church and has accepted and recognized its autocephaly." During this liturgy, the primate of the MOC-OA stated they considered the Mother Church of the MOC to be the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
On 5 June 2022, during a concelebration of the Divine Liturgy in Belgrade between the SOC and the MOC, Patriarch Porfirije of Serbia gave a tomos of autocephaly to Archbishop Stefan.
On the same day, Archbishop Stefan stated that they only recognised autocephaly that is granted from the Ecumenical Patriarchate, in accordance, they stated, with canon law. The formal statement from the MOC released the following day explained that it viewed the document it had received from the SOC as a mere "recommendation [...] of autocephaly".
On 10 June 2022, on a visit to Istanbul, Archbishop Stefan was handed the Patriarchal and Synodal Act confirming the canonical and liturgical unity with the Church of Constantinople. On 12 June, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew and Archbishop Stefan concelebrated the Divine Liturgy at the Church of St. George in the Phanar. Present at this liturgy was a delegation of the Government of North Macedonia: the prime minister of North Macedonia, Dimitar Kovačevski, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Bujar Osmani, the Minister of Defence, Slavjanka Petrovska, and the Minister of Internal Affairs, Oliver Spasovski; also present was a delegation of the Interparliamentary Assembly on Orthodoxy led by its General Secretary Maximos Charakopoulos. After this liturgy, Kovačevski was received by the Ecumenical Patriarch in a private audience; Kovačevski thanked the Ecumenical Patriarch for their decision of recognizing the MOC, and stated the Patriarch had corrected a historical injustice by doing so.
On 22 June, the Bulgarian Orthodox Church established communion with the MOC.
On 25 August, the Russian Orthodox Church established communion with the MOC.
Organization
Dioceses on the territory of North Macedonia
Diocese of Skopje, headed by Archbishop Stefan of Ohrid and Macedonia;
Diocese of Tetovo and Gostivar, headed by Metropolitan Joseph;
Diocese of Kumanovo and Osogovo, headed by Metropolitan Joseph;
Diocese of Debar and Kičevo, headed by Metropolitan Timothy;
Diocese of Prespa and Pelagonia, headed by Metropolitan Peter;
Diocese of Strumica, headed by Metropolitan Naum;
Diocese of Bregalnica, headed by Metropolitan Hilarion;
Diocese of Povardarie, headed by Metropolitan Agathangel
Diaspora dioceses
American-Canadian Diocese, headed by Metropolitan Methodius
European Diocese, headed by Metropolitan Pimen
Diocese of Australia and New Zealand, administered by Metropolitan Peter of Prespa and Pelagonia, headquarters in Melbourne.
Diocese of Australia and Sydney, administered by Metropolitan Timothy of Debar and Kičevo, headquarters in Sydney.
Outside the country, the church is active in 4 dioceses in the Macedonian diaspora. The 12 dioceses of the church are governed by ten Episcopes, with around 500 active priests in about 500 parishes with over 2000 churches and monasteries. The church claims jurisdiction of about twenty living monasteries, with more than 100 monks.
The MOC church calendar follows the Julian Calendar, and uses the archaic names of the months of the year instead of the common Latin-derived names.
Note
See also
List of churches in North Macedonia
Macedonian Greek Catholic Church
Premin
References
Further reading
Article on the MOC by Ronald Roberson on the CNEWA website
External links
National churches
1967 establishments in the Socialist Republic of Macedonia
Christian organizations established in 1967
Eastern Orthodox organizations established in the 20th century
Religious organizations based in North Macedonia
Leon Clifford McLaughlin (May 30, 1925 – October 27, 2014) was an American football player and coach. They played professionally as a center for five seasons with the Los Angeles Rams of National Football League (NFL). After their playing career they served as assistant coach for several NFL teams: Pittsburgh Steelers (1966–68), Los Angeles Rams (1971–72), Detroit Lions (1973–74), Green Bay Packers (1975–76), New England Patriots (1977), and St. Louis / Phoenix Cardinals (1978–89). McLaughlin was the head football coach at San Fernando Valley State College—now known as California State University, Northridge—from 1969 to 1970.
Head coaching record
}
References
External links
1925 births
2014 deaths
American football centers
Cal State Northridge Matadors football coaches
Detroit Lions coaches
Los Angeles Rams coaches
Los Angeles Rams players
Green Bay Packers coaches
New England Patriots coaches
Phoenix Cardinals coaches
Pittsburgh Steelers coaches
St. Louis Cardinals (football) coaches
Stanford Cardinal football coaches
UCLA Bruins football players
Washington State Cougars football coaches
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Players of American football from San Diego
Players of American football from Santa Monica, California
Astwood Bank is a district within Redditch. Astwood Bank is near the Warwickshire - Worcestershire border, near villages such as Studley, Sambourne, Callow Hill, Feckenham, and Cookhill.
Astwood Bank is noted for its successful cricket team, who have twice played at Lord's in the National Village Knock Out Final. The A441 Evesham Road is the main trunk road through Astwood Bank from Redditch. Astwood Bank has an annual carnival. The carnival has been a big part of the village for over 30 years.
History
Church
Residents held church services in the local school until a church was built in 1883–84. The foundation stone was laid by Lady Georgina Vernon of Hanbury Hall. The church of St. Matthias & St. George was originally designed by W. J. Hopkins as a large church with a south tower, only the east end was completed by them in 1884. The nave was added by W. Cogswell in 1911 and consecrated by Bishop Louis Mylne. The tower was never built hence the deep sloping roof.
The church was built as a chapelry of Feckenham. It became an independent parish in 1950.
Railway station
A railway station called Studley & Astwood Bank railway station served the village, with service going as far north as Lichfield Trent Valley and as far south as Tewkesbury. The line was closed in 1964 so now Redditch railway station is the end of the line. The station building still exists as a domestic dwelling house and is located on the Slough, just into Green Lane, Studley, Warwickshire. It is about two miles from Astwood Bank and one mile from Studley.
Politics
Politically, Astwood Bank is part of the Astwood Bank and Feckenham ward. The councillors are:
Craig Warhurst (Conservative)-(Astwood Bank & Feckenham)
Brandon Clayton (Conservative)-(Astwood Bank & Feckenham)
Craig Randall (UKIP)-(Astwood Bank & Feckenham)
Josh Carter (Liberal Democrats)-(Astwood Bank)
Aaron Bwail (Green Party)-(Astwood Bank)
Education
The village is served by Astwood Bank Primary School and Ridgeway Secondary School.
Notable residents
Lionel Britton (1887–1971) was a working class writer from Astwood Bank.
Dan Sealey of Ocean Colour Scene and Merrymouth was born in Astwood Bank.
Adam Barry of Merrymouth and co founder of Americana band The Misers has lived in Astwood Bank since leaving school in 1996.
Charlie Clemmow, actor.
References
External links
Villages in Worcestershire
The Test de connaissance du français (TCF) is a language placement test for non-native speakers of French. It is administered by the Centre international d'études pédagogiques (CIEP) for the French Ministry of Education. It fulfils French language entry requirements, can be used to demonstrate language ability for job applications or for personal use, and is used by Québec for immigration procedures.
The TCF follows the European standards for language tests as set forward in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages and is equal to DALF, also offered by the CIEP.
Lowest level is A1 indicating beginner, top fluency levels are C1 and C2.
Level C1 and C2 indicate advanced mastery of French. French university Sciences-Po uses TCF level C1 as the primary language prerequisite for evaluating the abilities of non-native speakers to follow academic discussions and carry out academic research in the French language.
The test is made up of compulsory and optional sections. The reading, listening and language structures sections are mandatory while the writing and speaking sections are optional.
The compulsory examinations
These examinations consist of 80 multiple-choice questions in total, with progressive difficulty starting from level A1 to level C2 of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
Listening comprehension
This part consists of 30 questions and lasts for 25 minutes, with recordings from spoken text heard in France or French-speaking countries. Candidates are expected to:
identify and understand the main information communicated in everyday conversations (dialogues, interviews, discussions, telephone conversations, etc.);
identify the topic of a conversation;
understand the main points of a spoken text on familiar topics encountered in personal or professional environment.
understand the main ideas in complex spoken texts on a concrete or abstract topic, familiar or unfamiliar;
recognise a wide range of idiomatic expressions;
understand any type of spoken language delivered at fast speed.
Use of language structures: grammar and vocabulary
This part consists of 20 questions and takes 20 minutes to complete. These questions test the ability of candidates to master the structure of the language, from basic to more complex communicative situations, by:
identifying lexical or language register errors;
choosing the equivalent of an expression or a grammatical term;
selecting the correct formulations in accordance with a communicative situation.
Reading comprehension
There are 30 questions in the part, and 45 minutes to complete. The questions test the candidates' ability to understand:
familiar names, words and very simple sentences used in communication situations (or administrative messages and informal letters);
the information in everyday materials (advertisements, prospectuses, menus and timetables, etc.);
information about people, facts or events (personal letters);
texts written in everyday language related to everyday life or work;
articles and reports in which the authors take a stand on concrete and abstract topics;
factual and literary texts, long and complex, specialized items;
abstract or complex texts taken from books, scholarly articles, literary works.
The optional examinations
Spoken expression
The spoken expression examination takes the form of a one-to-one interview with an examiner, which lasts for 15 minutes maximum. Preparation is not required for this examination. The questions are divided into six levels, from level A1 to level C2 of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages. The interview is recorded and sent to the CIEP for centralized assessment after the examination.
The candidate is assessed on their ability to communicate and react to the cues given by the examiner. Candidates are asked to:
describe places (home, work, etc.) and people;
talk about their living conditions, and current, recent or future work or studies;
describe experiences, events and plans;
explain a plan or an idea, the plot of a book or film and express their reactions;
explain the advantages and disadvantages of a plan, give their opinion, express their agreement and disagreement;
present a clear and structured argument in a style appropriate to the context;
present detailed and structured descriptions of complex topics, developing particular points and rounding off with a conclusion.
Written expression
This examination includes six exercises that get progressively more difficult, each of which corresponds to one of the six levels of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (level A1 to level C2). Candidates have 1 hour 45 minutes to complete this examination.
Description of the exercises:
writing a simple message (approx. 40 words);
writing a personal letter about everyday situations, using an everyday register (approx. 60 words);
writing a report of experiences, a story, an account of an opinion (approx. 80 words);
writing an explanatory text, which develops points of view and a line of argument (approx. 100 words);
comparing two opinions and taking a stand on a general topic (100 to 125 words);
rewording the main ideas in a document, account of a point of view with justifications (approx. 100 words).
Candidates are assessed on their ability to:
follow the instructions given;
communicate a message clearly;
link ideas and show consistency in their views;
express their opinion and provide justifications;
use a range of vocabulary related to the task they have been requested to perform;
show that they can use complex structures proficiently;
show that they have the ability to synthesise;
reword in their own words.
Test scores
TCF scores are ranked on 6 levels, ranging from A1 to C2 of the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages.
External links
France Education International's TCF page
French language tests
Dubautia kalalauensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. There is only a single known population composed of 26 plants. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010. Like other Dubautia this plant is known as na`ena`e.
This member of the silversword alliance was part of Dubautia laxa until 2005, when it was separated and described as a new species. The population grows in wet mountain forest habitat in the understory of ʻōhiʻa lehua (Metrosideros polymorpha) trees in Kalalau Valley on Kauai.
This plant is a shrub or tree with oppositely arranged leaves and flower heads which contain green-tinged cream-colored flowers.
References
kalala
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
Plants described in 2005
My Childish Father (French: Mon gosse de père) is a 1953 French drama film directed by Léon Mathot and starring Maurice Teynac, Jean Tissier and Arlette Poirier. It is based on the 1925 play of the same title by Léopold Marchand which had previously been made into a 1930 film My Childish Father. The film's sets were designed by the art director Raymond Druart.
Synopsis
A party-minded Parisian architect attempts to try and settle down when they marry a younger wife. However they still find it impossible to overcome their distaste for hard work and their love of fun. Not even the arrival of their hard-working illegitimate American son can change him/
Cast
Maurice Teynac as Lucien Landier
Sirena Adgemova as Yvonne Calabrier
Jean Tissier as Stanley Percheron
Armand Bernard as Révérend James Holiday
Jacques François as Gérard Morrison
Arlette Poirier as Philippine Opposum
Evelyn Nattier
Robert Seller
Mary Thierry
Pamela Wilde
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Oscherwitz, Dayna & Higgins, MaryEllen. The A to Z of French Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1953 films
1950s French-language films
1953 drama films
French drama films
Films directed by Léon Mathot
French films based on plays
Films set in Paris
Remakes of French films
1950s French films
"All in the Family" is the seventh episode of the first season of the American medical drama Body of Proof. It was originally broadcast in the United States on ABC on 3 May 2011. The episode was directed by John Polson and written by Sam Humphrey.
In this episode, Megan Hunt (Dana Delany) and Peter Dunlop (Nicholas Bishop) investigate when a stay at home father is found by their wife Jen (Molly Price), stabbed to death at their house. With the help of Detectives Bud Morris (John Carroll Lynch) and Samantha Baker (Sonja Sohn) they investigate, with all the evidence pointing towards the victims son, Mike (Jake O'Connor). Whilst the case is on-going, Megan receives flashbacks to their childhood. Meanwhile, Kate Murphy (Jeri Ryan) is asked by Megan's lawyer ex-husband Todd Fleming (Jeffrey Nordling) to help them with a case.
The episode received positive reviews, and was watched by 10.20 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings, on the Tuesday night it aired in the United States. Critics called the episode both "dishearting" and "engaging" saying that "these characters and this episode was a winner for Body of Proof". They also praised the partnership between Kate and Curtis Brumfield (Windell Middlebrooks), calling the scenes "hysterical" and "funny".
Plot
Megan Hunt (Dana Delany) and Peter Dunlop (Nicholas Bishop) arrive at the scene of Ed Russell (David Shumbris), a stay at home father, who is found by their wife Jen (Molly Price) stabbed to death at their house, whilst their baby daughter Sophie is at home. When Detective Bud Morris (John Carroll Lynch) goes to tell Ed's son Mike (Jake O'Connor) about their father's death, Megan stops him, telling Bud to let their mother tell him. Megan has a flashback to when they were younger, focussing on when a young Megan (Madeline Milne) receives the news of their father's death from a police officer, as the police did not know where their mother, Joan (Joanna Cassidy), was at the time. Jen admits that they cleaned up some footprints; they thought they were Mike's. The attack on Ed was personal and after Detective Samantha Baker (Sonja Sohn) concludes that the attack on Ed was personal after they find evidence to suggest Mike did indeed kill their father, such as negative emails. Mike protests their innocence, and Ethan Gross (Geoffrey Arend) finds evidence which makes Mike innocent. Throughout the day, Megan tries to rebuild their relationship with Lacey (Mary Mouser), carpooling Lacey and their friends, Sarah (Teresa Celentano) and Betsy (Anna Friedman).
Megan's lawyer ex-husband Todd (Jeffrey Nordling) arrives at Megan's work, needing forensic testing for evidence that their client Manny Santos (Carlos Apostle), is a juvenile. Kate Murphy (Jeri Ryan) greets him, and they ask Curtis Brumfield (Windell Middlebrooks) to help examine him. Curtis finds evidence which suggests Manny has received recent trauma to ribs and other body parts, suggesting that he's being abused. Curtis explains to Todd that Manny is a juvenile, but they will not be able to be released back to their former home, as they are being abused there. Meanwhile, the evidence for the murderer fits a partial match to Mike, so Megan concludes that Ed is not Mike's father. They go to visit Jen; however they slam the door in their face. Megan walks into their house and finds Mike's real father Tim (Timothy Devlin), holding Ed's and Jen's baby daughter hostage. Tim takes Jen into the garden when the police arrive, so Bud shoots them in the leg and arrests them and Jen is reunited with Sophie and Mike.
Production
"All in the Family" was written by Sam Humphrey and directed by John Polson, most known for founding Tropfest, the world's largest short film festival, which first took place in Australia. Daniel Licht who has worked on the series since its inception, returned to compose the music for the episode. Actress Molly Price – best known for their role in Third Watch as Faith Yokas – guest starred in the episode as Jen Russell. Although Joanna Cassidy, who plays Megan's mother Joan Hunt, does not appear, they are mentioned in flashback scenes. These flashback scenes show a young Megan, played by child actor Madeline Milne. Recurring cast members Jeffrey Nordling and Mary Mouser returned in this episode, with this being Mouser's first appearance since season one's fourth episode "Talking Heads" and Nordling's first appearance since seasons one's first episode, "Pilot".
"All in the Family", along with the eight episode's from Body of Proofs first season, were released on a two-disc DVD set in the United States on September 20, 2011. The sets included brief audio commentaries from various crew and cast members for several episode's, a preview of season 2 and a 10-minute "featurette" on the making of the show, with commentaries from the medical consultants who helped with the script, as well as a "Contaminated Evidence" blooper reel.
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast on 3 May 2011, "All in the Family" was seen by 10.20 million viewers, according to Nielsen ratings. Among viewers between ages 18 and 49, it received a 2.0 rating/9 share. This means that it was seen by 2 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds, and 9 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This episode achieved a much lower number of viewers than the previous episode, "Society Hill", but a higher number than subsequent episode "Buried Secrets". Body of Proof came fifth in the ratings on Tuesday night, it was outperformed by two episodes of CBS's NCIS and an episode of The Good Wife and NBC's The Voice. "All in the Family" was watched by 1.73 million viewers upon its airing on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom.
Critical response
This episode received positive reviews. Christine Orlando from TV Fanatic said they found the episode both "dishearting" and "engaging", as well as later adding that it was "sad" and "frightening" when Jake O'Connor was accused of murdering their father. Writing about the final scene which shows Megan enter the Russell's house, they said that they wanted to "smack" Megan for doing so, saying "What was they thinking? They knew Scanlon had committed the murder and that Jen was acting strangely when they wouldn't let them in. Yet, they went back to find the door open and walked right in. Megan's intelligent enough to know that something wasn't right but she's unarmed and untrained to handle the situation. For some reason they seemed incapable of making the smart decision to wait for the real police". Orlando said of the flashback scenes that they hope in future episodes they "delve deeper" into Megan's father's death, saying that it was "certainly a turning point for the character and I'd love to know more". They said it was "nice" to see scenes between Peter and Megan and said of the carpooling storyline, "Snacks for carpool didn't seem like a bad idea but they could have used a couple of healthier options to go with the chocolate". Of Curtis and Kate's examining Manny Santos, they said that their expressions were "hysterical" and "funny" when they decided whether Manny was a juvenile, adding that it gave "a much-needed moment of comic relief in an otherwise heavy episode". They finished in saying that the episode "grabbed their attention", finishing, "These engaging characters and this episode was a winner for Body of Proof". In the carpooling storyline it featured Tastykake's products, a line of snack foods based in Philadelphia. Such products which were mentioned were Krimpets and KandyKakes, with the ABC saying they were the "best".
References
External links
"All in the Family" at ABC.com
2011 American television episodes
Body of Proof episodes
Red Lake Nation College is a public tribal land-grant community college on the Red Lake Indian Reservation in Red Lake, Minnesota. It is fully accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and enrolls about 150 students. The college is supported by elders and community members who speak the Anishinaabe language and who understand the history of the Red Lake Nation.
Partnerships
RLNC is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), which is a community of tribally and federally chartered institutions working to strengthen tribal nations and make a lasting difference in the lives of American Indians and Alaska Natives. RLNC was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. RLNC generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means accessing education beyond the high school level.
References
External links
Two-year colleges in the United States
Educational institutions established in 1987
Education in Beltrami County, Minnesota
American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Community colleges in Minnesota
1987 establishments in Minnesota
In the gemstone trade, first water means "highest quality". The clarity of diamonds is assessed by their translucence; the more like water, the higher the quality. The 1753 edition of Chambers's Encyclopaedia states "The first water in Diamonds means the greatest purity and perfection of their complexion, which ought to be that of the clearest drop of water. When Diamonds fall short of this perfection, they are said to be of the second or third water, &c. till the stone may be properly called a coloured one." The phrase first water is also used more generally to refer to the highest quality or most extreme example of a person or thing, not just gemstones.
The comparison of diamonds with water dates back to at least the early 17th century, and Shakespeare alludes to it in Pericles, 1607.
References
Diamond
Quality control
William Shakespeare
Log driving is a means of moving logs (sawn tree trunks) from a forest to sawmills and pulp mills downstream using the current of a river. It was the main transportation method of the early logging industry in Europe and North America.
History
When the first sawmills were established, they were usually small water-powered facilities located near the source of timber, which might be converted to grist mills after farming became established when the forests had been cleared. Later, bigger circular sawmills were developed in the lower reaches of a river, with the logs floated down to them by log drivers. In the broader, slower stretches of a river, the logs might be bound together into timber rafts. In the smaller, wilder stretches of a river where rafts couldn't get through, masses of individual logs were driven down the river like huge herds of cattle. "Log floating" in Sweden (timmerflottning) had begun by the 16th century, and 17th century in Finland (tukinuitto). The total length of timber-floating routes in Finland was 40,000km.
The log drive was one step in a larger process of lumber-making in remote places. In a location with snowy winters, the yearly process typically began in autumn when a small team of men hauled tools upstream into the timbered area, chopped out a clearing, and constructed crude buildings for a logging camp. In the winter when things froze, a larger crew moved into the camp and proceeded to cut trees, cutting the trunks into lengths, and hauling the logs with oxen or horses over iced trails to the riverbank. There the logs were decked onto "rollways." In spring when snow thawed and water levels rose, the logs were rolled into the river, and the drive commenced.
To ensure that logs drifted freely along the river, men called "log drivers" or "river pigs" were needed to guide the logs. The drivers typically divided into two groups. The more experienced and nimble men comprised the "jam" crew or "beat" crew. They watched the spots where logs were likely to jam, and when a jam started, tried to get to it quickly and dislodge the key logs before many logs stacked up. If they didn't, the river would keep piling on more logs, forming a partial dam which could raise the water level. Millions of board feet of lumber could back up for miles upriver, requiring weeks to break up, with some timber lost if it was shoved far enough into the shallows. When the jam crew saw a jam begin, they rushed to it and tried to break it up, using peaveys and possibly dynamite. This job required some understanding of physics, strong muscles, and extreme agility. The jam crew was an exceedingly dangerous occupation, with the drivers standing on the moving logs and running from one to another. Many drivers lost their lives by falling and being crushed by the logs.
Each crew was accompanied by an experienced boss often selected for their fighting skills to control the strong and reckless men of their team. The overall drive was controlled by the "walking boss" who moved from place to coordinate the various teams to keep logs moving past problem spots. Stalling a drive near a saloon often created a cascade of drunken personnel problems.
A larger group of less experienced men brought up the rear, pushing along the straggler logs that were stuck on the banks and in trees. They spent more time wading in icy water than balancing on moving logs. They were called the "rear crew." Other men worked with them from the bank, pushing logs away with pike poles. Others worked with horses and oxen to pull in the logs that had strayed the furthest out into the flats.
Bateaux ferried log drivers using pike poles to dislodge stranded logs while maneuvering with the log drive. A wannigan was a kitchen built on a raft which followed the drivers down the river. The wannigan served four meals a day to fuel the men working in cold water. It also provided tents and blankets for the night if no better accommodations were available. A commissary wagon carrying clothing, plug tobacco and patent medicines for purchase by the log drivers was also called a wangan. The logging company wangan train, called a Mary Anne, was a caravan of wagons pulled by four- or six-horse teams where roads followed the river to transport the tents, blankets, food, stoves, and tools needed by the log drivers.
For log drives, the ideal river would have been straight and uniform, with sharp banks and a predictable flow of water. Wild rivers were not that, so men cut away the fallen trees that would snag logs, dynamited troublesome rocks, and built up the banks in places. To control the flow of water, they built "flash dams" or "driving dams" on smaller streams, so they could release water to push the logs down when they wanted.
Each timber firm had its own mark which was placed on the logs, called an "end mark". Obliterating or altering a timber mark was a crime. At the mill the logs were captured by a log boom, and the logs were sorted for ownership before being sawn.
Log drives were often in conflict with navigation, as logs would sometimes fill the entire river and make boat travel dangerous or impossible.
Floating logs down a river worked well for the most desirable pine timber, because it floated well. But hardwoods were denser, and weren't buoyant enough to be easily driven, and some pines weren't near drivable streams. Log driving became increasingly unnecessary with the development of railroads and the use of trucks on logging roads. However, the practice survived in some remote locations where such infrastructure did not exist. Most log driving in the US and Canada ended with changes in environmental legislation in the 1970s. Some places, like the Catalan Pyrenees, still retain the practice as a popular holiday celebration once a year.
In Sweden legal exemptions for log driving were eliminated in 1983. "The last float in southern Sweden was in the 1960s, with the floating era in the rest of the country ending completely with the last of the many log drives in the Klarälven river in 1991."
Popular culture
The contemporary logrolling contest, Birling, is a demonstration of skills originally devised by log drivers.
Inclusive description of a complex assortment as "the whole Mary Anne" derives from the colorful characters of wangan caravans which periodically transformed quiet rural communities with the excitement of a passing log drive.
In Canada, "The Log Driver's Waltz" is a popular folk song which boasts about a log driver's dancing skills.
The version of the Canadian one-dollar banknote issued in 1974 and withdrawn in 1989 featured a view of the Ottawa River with log driving taking place in the foreground and Parliament Hill rising in the background. This banknote was part of the fourth series of banknotes released by the Bank of Canada entitled "Scenes of Canada". The logs depicted in this banknote may have been destined for a half dozen pulp, paper and sawmills near the Chaudière Falls immediately upstream from Parliament Hill, or for other mills further downstream.
An Englishman may have observed loggers loitering in Bangor, Maine when they reported in 1801: "His habits in the forest and the [river] voyage all break up the system of persevering industry and substitute one of alternate toil and indolence, hardship and debauch; and in the alteration, indolence and debauch will inevitably be indulged in the greatest possible proportion."
In the first chapter of The Cider House Rules (1985), John Irving briefly describes a 1930s log drive.
Harry Brandelius' 1950s Swedish song Flottarkärlek tells the story of a young log driver.
Teuvo Pakkala's 1899 Finnish play Tukkijoella started the so-called ‘log driver romantics' phase, resulting in several movies and books about log drivers' lives.
The song Breakfast in Hell by Slaid Cleaves tells the tale of the death of Sandy Grey, a driver in Ontario.
In the first four chapters of John Irving's novel Last Night in Twisted River (2009), the hard and dangerous life of log drivers in New Hampshire is described in detail.
Canadian band Great Big Sea included the song "River Driver" on their album The Hard and the Easy, about a log driver from Newfoundland.
Sources
See also
Single-bamboo drifting
Timber rafting
Notes
External links
"Thrills Of The Spring Log Drive", February 1931, Popular Mechanics large article on a log drive in Quebec, Canada
"The Wisconsin Logging Book 1839-1939" by Malcolm Rosholt is readable, has many old photos, and is available online.
"Lumbermen on the Chippewa", also by Rosholt, has more of the same.
Wood
Water transport
Log transport
Forestry occupations
de:Flößerei
fr:Flottage du bois
lv:Plostošana
Zaven I () was a catholicos of the Armenian Apostolic Church. They reigned from 377 to 381 AD and second of three catholicoi from the Albaniosid Dynasty.
Catholicoi of Armenia
4th-century archbishops
4th-century Armenian bishops
The 14th Indian Division was formed during World War I, for service in the Mesopotamian Campaign. It was composed of battalions of the Regular British Army, the British Territorial Force and the British Indian Army.
History
The Division now part of the Tigris Corps was involved in a number on minor engagements the Second Battle of Kut and the Fall of Baghdad, the Division's 36th Brigade was left in Baghdad as the Garrison.
The Division remained in Mesopotamia until the Armistice of Mudros 31 October 1918.
Order of battle
The division commanded the following units, although not all of them served at the same time:
35th Indian Brigade
1/5th Battalion, Buffs (East Kent Regiment)
37th Dogras
102nd King Edward's Own Grenadiers
2nd Battalion, 4th Gurkha Rifles
36th Indian Brigade
Departed for the North Persia Force in June 1918, replaced by 56th Indian Brigade
1/4th Battalion, Hampshire Regiment
26th Punjabis
62nd Punjabis
82nd Punjabis
37th Indian Brigade
1st Battalion, 2nd King Edward's Own Gurkha Rifles (The Sirmoor Rifles)
36th Sikhs
64th Pioneers
1/4th Battalion, Devonshire Regiment
45th Rattray's Sikhs
2nd Battalion, Norfolk Regiment
2nd Battalion, 9th Gurkha Rifles
1st Battalion, 67th Punjabis
82nd Punjabis
185th Machine Gun Company
37th Light Trench Mortar Battery
56th Indian Brigade
Joined in August 1918 to replace 36th Indian Brigade
1/4th Battalion, Prince Albert's (Somerset Light Infantry)
1st Battalion, 42nd Deoli Regiment
95th Russell's Infantry
104th Wellesley's Rifles
1st Patiala Lancers (attached March to June 1918)
2nd Indian Machine Gun Company
56th Light Trench Mortar Battery
Artillery
13th Brigade Royal Field Artillery
C/69th Howitzer battery
Battles
Advance to the Hai and capture of the Khudaira Bend. 14 December 1916.
Capture of the Hai Salient. 25 January – 5 February 1917.
Capture of Sannaiyat. 17–24 February 1917.
Second Battle of Kut. 23 February 1917
Passage of the Tigris. 23–24 February 1917.
Fall of Baghdad (1917). 8–11 March 1917
Passage of the ‘Adhaim. 18 April 1917.
Action of the Shatt al Adhaim. 30 April 1917.
Second action of Jabal Hamrin. 16–20 October 1917.
Third action of Jabal Hamrin. 3–6 December 1917.
See also
List of Indian divisions in World War I
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
British Indian Army divisions
Indian World War I divisions
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1919
The 1954 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University, Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1954 college football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Leonard Adams, Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 2–6–1 with a mark of 0–4 in conference play, placing last out of five teams in the CCAA. The Diablos played home games at Snyder Stadium in Los Angeles.
Schedule
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
Celebrity Big Brother 15 was the fifteenth series of the British reality television series Celebrity Big Brother. The series launched on 7 January 2015 on Channel 5 and ended after 31 days on 6 February 2015; at the time it was the longest ever celebrity series. The seventeenth series in 2016 lasted a day longer with 32 days. It was the eighth celebrity series and the twelfth series of Big Brother overall to air on the channel. Emma Willis returned to host the series, whilst Rylan Clark continued to present the spin-off show Celebrity Big Brother's Bit on the Side alongside Willis. Repeats of the series aired on MTV, the first to do so. Willis decided to leave Big Brother's Bit on the Side after the end of this series, hosting their final show on 2 February 2015.
On 6 February 2015, Katie Price won the series, with Katie Hopkins finishing as the runner-up. This was the first series of Celebrity Big Brother where both the runner-up and the winner were women. Price also became the first female Housemate (and second overall after Brian Belo in Big Brother 8) on any series of Big Brother or Celebrity Big Brother to win the series after entering late. Price entered the House nine days after the original fourteen Housemates, and left 21 days later as the winner.
This series was the focus of much controversy after housemates Jeremy Jackson and Ken Morley were ejected within the first week. With an average audience of 3.09 million, this is the highest-rated series of Big Brother or Celebrity Big Brother to date on Channel 5.
Calum Best returned to the house for Celebrity Big Brother 19 as an All-Star, representing this series. They were the tenth housemate to be evicted.
Pre-series
Logo
The official eye logo was revealed on 8 December 2014. The logo fits in with the series' 'twisted fairy tale' theme, with entangled branches and leaves making up the eye's shape. Unlike other celebrity series', it doesn't feature the iconic "star" in the centre of the pupil to differentiate it from its civilian series.
Sponsorship
This series was sponsored by classified ad website Gumtree, with the company offering users of the site the chance to sell their items to furnish the House. Furniture from the house was later sold on the website to raise money for charity.
A bit on the Side scheduling
Big Brother's Bit on the Side will only air five days a week for the first time since it launched in 2011. Channel 5 opted not to renew the Saturday edition of Bit on the Psych and as a consequence Iain Lee will not be returning to the show in any capacity.
House
As you enter the House, the upper stair area is mirrored with flashes of trees. The stairs remain unchanged from the previous series. In the living area, grey sofas are in a square pattern, and a red mirror, significant to the series, is in the centre of the living area wall. The dining table is lipstick red, with fairy tale style props gracing the top. The kitchen is in a square corner with white marble counters and the latest appliances. The bedroom is dark and forest like, with a large owl watching over the Housemates. The garden is largely unchanged, except for the redecorated pod and new hot tub with seating area. No pool is present. Back inside, the bathroom is very chic with a large black bathtub. The diary room is in the style of a spooky purple/blue forest. The chair itself is faux wolf fur, blending into the background.
Housemates
On Day 1, fourteen Housemates entered the House. On Day 10, Katie Price entered the House as the fifteenth Housemate.
Alexander O'Neal
Alexander O'Neal is an American singer, best known for their internationally chart-topping singles such as "If You Were Here Tonight", "Fake" and "Criticize".  They are also known for their duets with Cherelle on "Saturday Love" and "Never Knew Love Like This". In the United Kingdom, they appeared on a number of reality television shows including The Weakest Link, Just the Two of Us and Celebrity Wife Swap. They entered the House on Day 1, but as part of the launch night twist, they were automatically nominated for the first eviction. On Day 11, Alexander decided to walk from the Big Brother house, following an argument with Perez Hilton.
Alicia Douvall
Alicia Douvall (born Sarah Howes) is a British glamour model, business person, actor, and television personality.  They are the founder and owner of Douvall's skincare company. They entered the House on Day 1. On Day 17, Alicia became the second housemate to be evicted.
Calum Best
Calum Best is a British-American former fashion model, television personality, and occasional actor.  They are also known as the son of the late football icon, George Best and former Playboy model, Angie Best. They won the second series of Celebrity Love Island in 2006, and appeared in the ITV2 series Calum, Fran and Dangerous Danan, with Fran Cosgrave and Paul Danan. They were also featured in the MTV show Totally Calum Best, where it detailed Best's attempts to remain celibate for fifty days. Best has been romantically involved with Lindsay Lohan, Celebrity Big Brother 9 housemate Georgia Salpa and Alicia Douvall. On Day 1, Calum entered the House. On Day 31, Calum left the house in third place. They later returned to compete in Celebrity Big Brother 19 as an "All star" housemate.
Cami-Li
Cami-Li (born Camila Figueras) is a Puerto Rican-born American alternative model and television host, best known in the UK for their previous relationship with former The Only Way Is Essex star and Celebrity Big Brother 9 housemate Kirk Norcross. On Day 1, they entered the House. On Day 27, they were evicted during a live twist.
Chloe Goodman
Chloe Goodman is a British reality television star and model, who was featured as a cast member on the first series of MTV's Ex on the Beach. Goodman is also most notable for being a body double for Cheryl Fernandez-Versini in their L'Oréal adverts. They entered the House on Day 1, but was automatically nominated for the first eviction during the launch night twist. On Day 10, they became the first person to be evicted from the House.
Jeremy Jackson
Jeremy Jackson is an American actor and singer, who is most known for their role as Hobie Buchannon on the television show Baywatch. They appeared on the VH1 reality series Confessions of a Teen Idol, which chronicled the current careers of seven former teen idols (including Jackson), and their attempts to get back in front of the spotlight. On Day 1, Jeremy entered the House. They were ejected from the House on Day 4, due to an incident with Chloe Goodman in the toilet, the night before.
Katie Hopkins
Katie Hopkins is an English television personality and columnist, who first appeared on the third series of The Apprentice. On the show, they made themselves memorable to viewers for their controversial and personal remarks towards the other candidates, despite turning down a place in the series final. They later took part in I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!, as a replacement for Malcolm McLaren, and has since made various other media appearances. Them controversy spread further in the media with their opinions on classism, obesity, the unemployed, celebrities, and the Ebola virus. Hopkins currently writes a weekly column for The Sun newspaper. They were reportedly offered a record fee to appear on the show. On Day 1, Katie became the first to enter the House and was the subject of the launch night twist, selecting two of their fellow Housemates as the least entertaining. They chose Alexander and Chloe, who were therefore nominated for the first eviction. Due to their epilepsy, they also had their own bedroom in the house with ensuite bathroom. On Day 31, Hopkins was announced as the runner-up of the series, behind Katie Price.
Katie Price
Katie Price, previously known by the pseudonym Jordan, is an English singer, television personality, novelist, business person, and former glamour model. Them time as a topless glamour model in a pictorial Page 3 in the tabloid newspaper The Sun instantly shot Price into the limelight. From this, it allowed them to expand into a variety of different industries including television, books, fashion and music. They have had highly publicised relationships and has been married three times: to singer Peter Andre, to professional fighter and previous Celebrity Big Brother winner Alex Reid, and to builder and part-time stripper Kieran Hayler. They entered the House on Day 10, to a ball thrown in their honour. On Day 31, Price was announced as the winner of the series.
Kavana
Kavana (born Anthony Kavanagh) is a British singer and actor, who enjoyed a number of chart singles including "I Can Make You Feel Good", "MFEO" and "Will You Wait for Me?". They were the runner-up on the first series of Grease Is the Word, and auditioned for The Voice UK in 2013. In 2014, Kavana took part in series 2 of The Big Reunion with Gareth Gates, Adam Rickitt and previous Celebrity Big Brother contestants Kenzie and Dane Bowers, where they formed the supergroup 5th Story. They entered the House on Day 1. Kavana was evicted in a double eviction on Day 29, two days from the final.
Keith Chegwin
Keith Chegwin was an English television presenter and actor, who had become a household name by presenting programmes such as Multicoloured Swap Shop, Cheggers Plays Pop and Saturday Superstore. Chegwin is known for theirs off the cuff ad-lib style of broadcasting. Their career regained speed in 1993, when they presented the "Down Your Doorstep" outside broadcast segment for The Big Breakfast, in which they cried: "Wake up you beggars, it's Cheggars!". They also worked for seven years on GMTV, and took part in Dancing on Ice. Keith entered the House on Day 1. On Day 31, they left the house in fourth place. They died on 11 December 2017.
Ken Morley
Ken Morley is an English actor and comedian, best known for playing the roles of Reg Holdsworth in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 1989 to 1995, and as General Leopold von Flockenstuffen in the BBC sitcom 'Allo 'Allo! from 1988 to 1991. Ken entered the House on Day 1. On Day 4, Ken received a formal warning for using unacceptable and offensive language and on Day 6, they were removed from the House for repeatedly using this language.
Michelle Visage
Michelle Visage (born Michelle Lynn Shupack) is an American singer, television host, radio DJ, and television personality, best known for being one of the judges on Logo TV's RuPaul's Drag Race, where they replaced Merle Ginsberg from its third season.  They are also known as a member of U.S. female R&B and dance vocal trio Seduction, who spanned several hit songs including "Two to Make It Right". Visage provided vocals for The S.O.U.L. S.Y.S.T.E.M.'s "It's Gonna Be a Lovely Day", which was included on The Bodyguard soundtrack. They entered the House on Day 1. On Day 31, they left the house in fifth place.
Nadia Sawalha
Nadia Sawalha is an English actor and television presenter, best known for their role as business person Annie Palmer in the BBC One soap opera, EastEnders from 1997 to 1999. They became a regular panellist on the ITV lunchtime chat show Loose Women from 1999 to 2002; before returning in 2013. After winning the second series of Celebrity MasterChef, Sawalha has continued to make appearances on cookery shows, not only as a presenter, but also as a chef. On Day 1, Nadia entered the House. On Day 24, they became the fourth housemate to be evicted.
Patsy Kensit
Patsy Kensit is an English actor, singer, and model, who is best known for portraying the roles of Sadie King in Emmerdale from 2004 to 2006, and Faye Byrne in the BBC medical drama series Holby City from 2007 until 2010. They also played Rika van den Hass in Lethal Weapon 2. Aside from their acting career, Kensit has been notable for their marriages to musicians Dan Donovan, Jim Kerr, Liam Gallagher and Jeremy Healy, but also as the front vocalist in the band, Eighth Wonder. They entered the House on Day 1.
They became the third housemate to be evicted from the house on Day 21.
Perez Hilton
Mario Lavandeira, Jr., known professionally as Perez Hilton (a play on "Paris Hilton"), is an American blogger, social media influencer, columnist, and television personality. Their blog, Perezhilton.com (formerly PageSixSixSix.com), is known for its posts covering celebrity gossip and showcasing tabloid photographs, over which they add their own captions or "doodles". The website has garnered negative attention for its attitude, its former outing of alleged closeted celebrities, and its role in the increasing coverage of celebrities in all forms of media. From this, they have had celebrity feuds with Lady Gaga, Lily Allen and will.i.am. On Day 1, Perez entered the House. Their time in the house had garnered much media attention, due to their controversial behaviour towards fellow housemates and their provocative antics. On Day 29, they were evicted in a double eviction.
Summary
Nominations table
Notes
Ratings
Official ratings are taken from BARB.
References
External links
2015 British television seasons
15
Channel 5 (British TV channel) reality television shows
Paul Jerry Bookout (born June 30, 1962) is an American politician who served as the President pro tempore of the Arkansas Senate from 2011 to 2013, when they resigned from office. A member of the Democratic Party, Bookout served as an Arkansas Representative from 1999 until 2004 and as an Arkansas Senator from 2006 to 2013. Bookout was convicted of wire fraud in 2014.
Early life and education
Paul Bookout was born on June 30, 1962, in El Dorado, Arkansas, to Jerry and Loretta (née Langford) Bookout. They graduated from Arkansas State University.
Political career
Bookout served in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1999 to 2004, when they were elected to fill the seat of their late father, Jerry, who had held the seat from 1973 to 1997, and again from 2003 until their death. Paul Bookout then served in the Arkansas Senate from 2006 until 2013 during which time they also served as the President pro tempore of the Senate from 2011 to 2013.
Criminal investigation and resignation
Bookout resigned as the President pro tempore and as an Arkansas Senator in 2013 after it was discovered they spent campaign funds on personal expenses.
On March 11, 2015, Bookout entered a negotiated plea in federal court to a felony mail fraud count for using interstate communications to file a false report in the scheme. On March 2, 2016, they were sentenced to 18 months in federal prison. U.S. District Judge Brian Miller also ordered Bookout to pay $150,048 in restitution, according to court records. They reported to prison on May 2, 2016. Under the agreement Bookout was ordered to pay about $150,158, though it is not certain who will get the money, the state or contributors.
The crime could have carried a sentence up to 20 years. Judge Brian Miller noted they could depart from guidelines, in either direction. The amount they owe is the amount from two campaign cycles studied by prosecutors within the three-year period under which charges could be filed. But they spent far more over the years in a similar manner. Bookout was released from prison on July 17, 2017.
See also
List of American state and local politicians convicted of crimes
References
1962 births
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American politicians
20th-century Baptists
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American politicians
21st-century Baptists
American people convicted of fraud
Arkansas Democrats
Arkansas politicians convicted of crimes
Arkansas state senators
Arkansas State University alumni
Baptists from Arkansas
Businesspeople from Arkansas
American funeral directors
American hospital administrators
Living people
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
People from El Dorado, Arkansas
Politicians convicted of mail and wire fraud
Politicians from Jonesboro, Arkansas
Presidents pro tempore of the Arkansas Senate
Daniel Mays (born 31 March 1978) is an English actor.
Early life
Born in Epping, Essex, the third of four boys, Mays was brought up in Buckhurst Hill, Essex, by their electrician father and bank cashier mother. They attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts before going on to win a place at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).
Acting career
Mays graduated from RADA in 2000. Mike Leigh cast them in both All or Nothing and Vera Drake and Mays has said that working with Leigh was decisive in making them the kind of actor they wanted to be. "You leave no stone unturned in the pursuit of truthful, believable characters." In 2005 they were cast in the BBC drama Rehab and in 2008 played the role of Michael Myshkin in Channel 4's adaptation of David Peace's Red Riding trilogy.
Their appearance in the independent British film Shifty, co-starring Riz Ahmed, earned them a nomination for best supporting actor at the British Independent Film Awards.
Mays starred as Eddie O'Grady in the 2010 film Made in Dagenham. In the same year, they played DCI Jim Keats in the third series of Ashes to Ashes, in which they portrayed a character that was the antagonist of Philip Glenister's Gene Hunt.
Mays appeared in the BBC sci-fi series Outcasts.
They had roles in No One Gets Off in This Town and a supporting role in the Steven Spielberg film The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn. They then played a criminal on a curfew after serving a 10-year sentence for the murder of their girlfriend when they were 19 in the programme Public Enemies, which aired on BBC One in early January 2012. They played Ronnie Biggs in a 5-part drama called Mrs Biggs.
For much of the latter half of 2013, Mays performed on stage. Performing in Nick Payne's Same Deep Water As Me at the Donmar Warehouse alongside Nigel Lindsay and in the first major revival of Jez Butterworth's debut play Mojo at the Harold Pinter Theatre. They starred alongside Ben Whishaw, Brendan Coyle, Rupert Grint and Colin Morgan.
Mays starred in Series 3 of BBC drama Line of Duty as Sergeant Danny Waldron, an armed response officer whose troubled and abusive childhood comes under investigation as part of wider investigation of police corruption throughout the serial. They were nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Supporting Actor for their role.
In 2016 Mays played the part of Aston in Harold Pinter's play The Caretaker directed by Matthew Warchus at The Old Vic Theatre in London opposite Timothy Spall and George MacKay.
Mays portrayed Tivik in the film Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
They starred as lead investigator Detective Chief Inspector Peter Jay in the three-part television drama miniseries Des, about the 1983 arrest of Scottish serial killer Dennis Nilsen, first screened on ITV on 14 September 2020 in the UK.
Personal life
Mays has a son and a daughter with makeup artist Louise Burton. As of 2005, they were living in Crouch End, an area in the London Borough of Haringey. A keen football fan, they are a supporter of Leyton Orient.
 They are a friend of Grant Nicholas, lead singer of rock band Feeder, and appeared in the 2012 music video for the band's single "Idaho".
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1978 births
Alumni of the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Living people
English male stage actors
English male film actors
English male television actors
Male actors from Essex
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
People from Epping
People from Buckhurst Hill
A Descant for Gossips (1960) is a novel by Australian author Thea Astley.
Plot summary
In a dusty Queensland country town young Vinny Lalor is bullied by their fellow students at the local high school. Them teacher, Helen Striebel, is the only one to show Vinny any support and when the teacher is involved in a scandal with a fellow male teacher, Vinny is again hurt.
At the same time, teacher Mrs Striebel and English teacher Moller are beginning a tentative and careful love affair. In a country town, where rumour becomes truth, gossip is the primary conversation and small-minded meanness predominates, the two teachers, while understanding the place, do not fully anticipate the risks they are taking.
Vinny, as an immature thirteen year old, has a crush on their teacher Mrs Striebel. The relationship seems to be the only thing of value in Vinny's life.
As a shy and unfriended child, Vinny is shunned and misunderstood by the students and adults living in the town. Them life, as it is, is bearable, but when they are kissed by a local boy after the school dance, girls in their class seek to hurt them in ways that have nothing to do with truth and everything to do with hurting the vulnerable Vinny and their teacher.
The adult gossips have a field day, ensuring the whole town hears of the scandalous behaviour of Mrs Striebel and Moller, who have fallen in love (despite Moller's wife being terminally ill and living elsewhere).
Mrs Striebel senses, rather than knows, that Vinny struggles with their life as defined by the town. Vinny's lack of knowledge and their small town surroundings ensure they have no understanding about how life really should be.
Despite the teachers' endeavours to keep their love affair private, a group of students from Vinny's school decide to 'stick the knife in', putting lewd and suggestive comments in public places around the town and in the school.
In this period of Australian history, small-minded malevolent behaviour is the norm. The teachers find themselves maligned at every turn and have no avenue of appeal to truth and common sense. Within a short while, the headmaster of the school decides to move Mrs Striebel to another school. In its worst form, this speaks of the male 'sowing their wild oats' as the woman is cast as a tart. Vinny finds themselves to be the only person in the town who wants to protect Mrs Striebel.
The novel focuses on the cruel pettiness of a small town country community as it is experienced by Vinny, Helen Striebel and English teacher Moller. The dusty Queensland tropical background and small town meanness are significant but secondary to the main themes of desired love and a lack of intellectual stimuli. It affects every aspect of the town and the lives of the people, but specifically, in this novel, anyone who is different or who speaks out. The main characters are marginalised in every possible way.
Critical reception
Joyce Halstead in The Australian Women's Weekly was impressed: "This gifted writer has drawn with a scholar's touch a sensitive and intense study in human emotions played out against the cruel pettiness of a small town community. The dusty Queensland tropical background, so well described, is significant, but remains unobtrusively incidental to the main theme. An excellent and important new novel."
Television adaptation
In 1983 a television mini-series based on the book was released. It was directed by Tim Burstall, based on a script by Burstall and Ted Roberts, and featured Kaarin Fairfax, Geneviève Picot and Peter Carroll in the lead roles.
See also
1960 in Australian literature
References
1959 Australian novels
Novels by Thea Astley
Novels set in Queensland
Angus & Robertson books
Novels set in Brisbane
Fame for 15 is an American television series that aired on The Nashville Network from October 22, 2001 to November 10, 2001.
Overview
The series profiled regular individuals who made headlines or were newsmakers for a brief time. People covered include Donato Dalyrmple, the fisherman who rescued Elián González, Scott O'Grady, Jim Morris, Darva Conger, John Wayne Bobbitt, Ellie Nesler, Divine Brown, Tommie Smith, George Holliday, the man who filmed the Rodney King video, and Who Wants to be a Millionaire winner John Carpenter.
References
External links
Fame for 15 on IMDb
2001 American television series debuts
2001 American television series endings
The Nashville Network original programming
The German 28 cm SK C/34 naval gun was a 283 mm 54.5-caliber built-up gun designed in 1934 used on the and for the planned Landkreuzer P. 1000 Ratte super-heavy tank.
History
The previous 28 cm gun was the SK C/28 used on the . The Scharnhorst class received an improved version of the SK C/28 which had a longer barrel—the SK C/34.
The 283 mm SK C/34 gun was relatively fast loading, compared with other armament of this size. It could deliver a shot every 17 seconds. The ballistic properties of the guns made them effective against the new French , which had an armored belt 225–283 mm, barbettes of 310–340 mm, at standard fighting distances.
An improved version of the gun was planned to be mounted on the Netherlands' Design 1047 battlecruisers, but the ships were never begun due to the start of the Second World War.
When 's turrets were removed for re-arming and upgunning to 38 cm in 1942–43, their guns were redeployed for coast defence at Fjell festning ´(11.MAA 504) in Sotra, Norway (Bruno turret), at Batterie Oerlandat (4.MAA 507) in Austrått, Norway (Cesar turret), and guns from Anton turret were installed at Battery Rozenburg in the Netherlands.
Characteristics
Ammunition
Characteristics of SK C/28 and SK C/34 283 mm shells:
Surviving examples
Gneisenaus Cäsar turret with its 3 guns survives at Austrått fort, Ørlandet, Norway
Parts of the guns from Anton turret survive at former "Stichting Fort", Hook of Holland
See also
List of naval guns
Footnotes
Notes
Citations
External links
Naval guns of Germany
280 mm artillery
World War II naval weapons
Coastal artillery
Military equipment introduced in the 1930s
Patrick Brophy is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenseman who was an All-American for Clarkson.
Career
Brophy began attending Clarkson University in the fall of 1959. they joined the varsity hockey team the following year and helped the team to a 14–8 record. Prior to their junior season, Clarkson became a founding member of ECAC Hockey along with 27 other eastern teams. That season Brophy partnered with Cal Wagner to form one of the most impenetrable defensive pairs and Clarkson finished the season 3rd in the conference standings. The team received the top seed for the ECAC Tournament and marched all the way to the finals before being shocked by St. Lawrence. Brophy was named to the All-Tournament Second Team and, fortunately, because the conference possessed all of the teams that were considered for the National Tournament, the selection committee chose to invite Clarkson as the top eastern seed. The Golden Knights won their semifinal match against Michigan and made their first ever championship game, however, they were no match for Michigan Tech and were throttled 1–8.
In Brophy's senior season, Clarkson performed nearly as well as they had in 1962. The team finished second in their conference and Brophy's defensive acumen was recognized by theirs being named an All-American. Clarkson received a second seed for the conference tournament but fell to a very strong Harvard team in the semifinal. The Golden Knights won the consolation game and believed their season was over, however, the Ivy League schools were in the midst of an argument with the NCAA over player eligibility and Harvard declined the invitation to the NCAA tournament. As a result, Clarkson was offered the bid and the team accepted. Clarkson was unable to overcome Denver in the semifinal but did win the consolation game, ending their season on a high note.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
Awards and honors
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Sportspeople from Pembroke, Ontario
Clarkson Golden Knights men's ice hockey players
AHCA Division I men's ice hockey All-Americans
Eamon Dunne, nicknamed "The Don", was a major Irish organised crime figure from Finglas, North Dublin. They led a gang based in Finglas, Cabra, and Ballymun, who were involved in drug dealing, armed robbery, extortion and murder. They took control of the gang after the murder of crime boss Martin "Marlo" Hyland, who was shot dead in December 2006, and Gardaí suspect that Dunne, who was one of Hyland's closest associates, drove the getaway car for the killers.
Dunne was linked to 17 gangland murders over the next three years, as they consolidated their position by having rivals and suspected Garda informers killed.
Death
Dunne's increasing paranoia and unstable behaviour eventually led to their own gang members turning against them and they conspired with others to have them killed. Gardaí believe a major Irish drug trafficker based in Spain, who supplied Dunne's gang with drugs and a veteran crime boss based in North Dublin, who acted as a mentor to Dunne, were angry at Dunne for bringing too much Garda attention to gangland. Together with some of Dunne's closest associates they are suspected of organising their murder and of hiring a gang of young criminals from the north inner city to actually carry out the hit.
Thirty-four-year-old Dunne was murdered as they attended a friend's birthday party at a pub in Cabra on 23 April 2010. A hit team of four men arrived in a car, one of them waved their gun around and warned smokers outside the pub to disperse. They then guarded the front door. Two masked gunmen entered and shot Dunne several times in the head and body, in front of their seventeen-year-old daughter, before escaping in a waiting car. The first gunman shot Dunne twice in the chest & once in the head, with the second gunman also performing the "Mozambique Drill" on them as they lay on the ground. Despite their bodyguard and a number of close associates being present, nobody made any attempt to prevent the murder. At the time of their death, Dunne was on bail and awaiting trial in connection with a €900,000 robbery of a cash-in-transit van in Celbridge in 2007. No one has been convicted of their murder.
Victims
While not pulling the trigger himself, Dunne was suspected of ordering at least a dozen gangland murders in the years before their death.
The victims included:
John Paul Joyce (30), a drug trafficker, shot dead and body dumped near Dublin Airport in January 2010.
David Thomas (43), shot dead in Finglas in October 2009.
Paul Smyth (34), from Finglas, killed and dumped in Balbriggan, June 2009.
Michael Murray (41), shot dead in Finglas, March 2009.
Graham McNally (34), formerly a close associate, shot dead in Finglas, January 2009.
Michael 'Roly' Cronin (35), a major drug dealer, and James Maloney (26), their driver, shot dead in Dublin city centre, January 2009.
Paul 'Farmer' Martin (30), a convicted bank robber, shot dead at a pub in Finglas, August 2008.
Trevor Walsh (33), shot dead at Kippure Park, Finglas, two days after they were released from prison, in July 2008.
John Daly (27), shot dead as they sat in a taxi in Finglas, October 2007, two months after their release from prison, where they served a nine-year sentence for armed robbery.
References
Further reading
Williams, Paul. "Crime Wars". Merlin Publishing, 2008.
Williams, Paul. "Badfellas". Penguin Ireland, 2011.
Irish drug traffickers
Irish crime bosses
Deaths by firearm in the Republic of Ireland
People murdered in the Republic of Ireland
Irish gangsters
Irish murder victims
Year of birth missing
2010 deaths
Unsolved murders in Ireland
Criminals from Dublin (city)
2010 murders in the Republic of Ireland
Kessleria albescens is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in France, Italy and Austria.
The length of the forewings is 6–7.3 mm for males and 5.1–6.1 mm for females. The forewings are white with light and dark brown scales. The hindwings are light brown. Adults are on wing from July to September.
The larvae feed on Saxifraga paniculata. Young larvae mine the leaves of their host plant. When older, they feed freely from within a spinning.
References
Moths described in 1899
Yponomeutidae
Moths of Europe
William Henry Fisk (1827–1884), was an English painter of landscapes and historical subjects, and a drawing-master.
Life
Fisk, born in Homerton, Middlesex, was the son of William Fisk. They were a pupil of their father, and also studied at the Royal Academy. They were a skilled draughtsman, and as such was appointed anatomical draughtsman to the Royal College of Surgeons. They exhibited as a painter for the first time in 1846. Three years later they were the first of a series of artists to be invited to Balmoral to paint watercolour views for Queen Victoria. They selected four of their images of the area for inclusion in one of their 'souvenir albums'.
They exhibited paintings of historical, religious and genre subjects at the Royal Academy from 1850 until 1873, and was an occasional exhibitor at the other London exhibitions and also in Paris. They were teacher of drawing and painting to University College School, London, and in that capacity was very successful and of high repute. They were a clear and logical lecturer on the practical aspect of art, and succeeded in attracting large audiences in London and the provinces. They also occasionally contributed articles on painting to the press. They were appointed anatomical draughtsman to the Royal College of Surgeons.
In the 1860s Fisk was commissioned to design mosaics depicting Lorenzo Ghiberti and Albrecht Dürer as part of a series of portraits of great artists for the 'Kensington Valhalla' in the South Court of the South Kensington Museum (now the Victoria and Albert Museum). Only the painting of Ghiberti was reproduced in mosaic, but Fisk's full sized oil versions for both remain in the museum.
In 1863, Fisk is interested in the French Revolution with the painting Robespierre Receiving Letters from Friends of their Victims with Assassination Threats, exhibited nowadays in the Musée de la Révolution française.
They died on 13 November 1884, at No. 27 Church Row, in Hampstead, in their 58th year and was buried on the western side of Highgate Cemetery.
References
Sources
1827 births
1884 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
19th-century English painters
English male painters
19th-century British educators
British draughtsmen
Schoolteachers from London
19th-century English male artists
Abu Osama al-Tunisi (d. ) is a citizen of Tunisia believed to have played one of the most
important leadership role in Al Qaeda in Iraq. The United States reported that he, and two of their aides, were killed by air strikes.
References
External links
Tunisian al-Qaeda members
Year of birth missing
2007 deaths
Deaths by American airstrikes
Sargocentron vexillarium is a species of fish in the family Holocentridae
References
External links
vexillarium
Sigurdur Thorarinsson (Icelandic: Sigurður Þórarinsson) (January 8, 1912 – February 8, 1983) was an Icelandic geologist, volcanologist, glaciologist, professor and lyricist.  They are considered a pioneer in the field of tephrochronology, and they made significant contributions in many areas of geology, especially volcanology and glaciology, both in Iceland and abroad.
Biography
Sigurður Þórarinsson was born in Vopnafjörður in northeastern Iceland in 1912. They received their Ph.D. from Stockholm University College in 1944 and began a long and distinguished academic career as professor of geography at the University of Iceland.
According to their obituary in The Geographical Journal, "He was something of a polymath who contrived to take geology, geomorphology, glaciology, climatology, and archaeology in their stride."
They died suddenly of a heart attack in Reykjavík in 1983. Subsequently, the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior (IAVCEI) decided to name its highest award the Thorarinsson Medal in their honor. As usual outside Iceland, the name of the prize misunderstands Icelandic naming conventions, because Þórarinsson is a patronymic not a surname, and in Iceland they would have properly been referred to by their given first name, Sigurður.
Eldur er í Norðri is a collection of papers, published by their colleague when Sigurður turned 70 years old.
In 1961, they were made a member of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. They were the first to receive the award of Steno Medal in 1969 by the Geological Society of Denmark for their work with volcanology and tephrochronology.
Sigurdur Thorarinsson is the author of the lyrics to many well-known Icelandic songs, such as Þórsmerkurljóð (María María), Vorkvöld í Reykjavík and Að lífið sé skjálfandi.
Bibliography
Books and Theses
Sigurdur Thorarinsson. Surtsey, the new island in the North Atlantic. New York: Viking Press, 1967, 47 pgs text and 53 pgs photographs.
Selected Significant Articles
References
*
External links
IAVCEI.org
'ETT OCH ANNAT OM TEFROKRONOLOGI' -SIGURDUR THORARINSSON
1912 births
1983 deaths
Icelandic volcanologists
Glaciologists
Members of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
Sigurdur THorarinsson
The King is the second album by Scottish alternative rock band Teenage Fanclub, deleted on its day of release in 1991.
The album is often derided as a hastily assembled contractual obligation to US label Matador (allowing the group to sign to Geffen without penalty). However the group have denied this, claiming that the shambolic, spontaneous nature of the contents was a direct influence of producer Don Fleming, whose music was often improvised. "One night we all got completely wasted. ... and we said, "Let's make a LP overnight. We'll just improvise some songs and do some covers and cobble it all together", Norman Blake said in 2016. In a 2006 interview, Blake and Brendan O'Hare confirmed that the album had been recorded immediately after completing Bandwagonesque using pre-booked studio time that became available when the asupervisorstioned album was finished sooner than anticipated. They also claimed that the album was intended to be a mid-price edition of 1,000 but their then UK label Creation Records pressed 20,000 and sold them at full price .
The album was rereleased on vinyl for Record Store Day 2019.
Track listing
Personnel
Teenage Fanclub
Norman Blake – guitar, vocals
Gerard Love – bass, vocals
Raymond McGinley – guitar, vocals
Brendan O'Hare – drums
Additional musicians
Joe McAlinden – saxophone
Paul Chisholm – additional drums
Technical
Don Fleming – producer
Teenage Fanclub – producer
Paul Chisholm – producer, engineer
Keith Hartley – engineer
Dave Buchanan – assistant engineer
References
External links
The King on Discogs.com
Teenage Fanclub albums
1991 albums
Albums produced by Don Fleming (musician)
Creation Records albums
The Road Rats MC is a London-based independent English outlaw motorcycle club established in the 1960s. Arguably, one of the "oldest and toughest motorcycle clubs in the country" which became notable for its clashes with the English Hells Angels chapter, including a shooting on Chelsea Bridge, the Satans Slaves MC, in which two Road Rats were killed, and for murdering one of the founders of the Cycle Tramps MC.
The Rats are notorious for having fallen out with almost every motorcycle club in the UK and a few outside of the UK.
References
External links
Outlaw motorcycle clubs
Motorcycle clubs in the United Kingdom
Gangs in London
Boules is one of the sports at the quadrennial Mediterranean Games competition. It has been a sport in the program of the Mediterranean Games since its inception in 1997.
Editions
All-time medal table
Updated after the 2022 Mediterranean Games
References
Mediterranean Games 1997 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2001 Results (PDF file)
Mediterranean Games 2005 Results (PDF file)
Official website of the 2009 Mediterranean Games (archived)
Official website of the 2013 Mediterranean Games (archived)
Bocce
William Troy may refer to:
William Troy (Medal of Honor) (1848–1907), US Navy Medal of Honor recipient
William F. Troy (1920–1967), American Jesuit, president of Wheeling Jesuit University
William Troy (abolitionist) (1827–1905), Baptist minister, writer, abolitionist
William Troy (educator) (1903–1961), American writer and teacher
See also
William Troy Herriage, baseball player
Stoneyetts Hospital (also Stoneyetts Certified Institution for Mental Defectives) was a psychiatric hospital located in Moodiesburn, near Glasgow. Opened in 1913, Stoneyetts served as an important source of employment for residents within the expanding Moodiesburn area. The function of the institution changed throughout its existence: it originally cared for those with epilepsy, before housing people with intellectual disability, and from 1937 treating those with mental disorders. By the early 1970s there was an emphasis toward psychogeriatric care at the hospital.
Complaints against Stoneyetts began to surface in the mid 1980s, preceding its controversial closure and demolition in 1992. The brownfield site lay derelict for the next 28 years, becoming a popular location for dog walking, but also for anti-social behaviour. It was redeveloped as a private housing estate in 2020.
History
Stoneyetts was chartered in 1910 and designed by Glasgow Parish Council's Master of Works, Robert Tannock, with the foundation stone being laid by council chairperson James Cunningham on 23 May 1912. The hospital was built on a 46½ acre site, purchased by the council from the District Lunacy Board, at East Muckcroft within the "Woodilee estate"; the total cost of the project was £45,000 (including a cost of £70 per bed). Gartferry Road in Moodiesburn, a then-expanding local community, would become the hospital's official location. The facility contained six 50-bed brick villas; official, administrative and laundry blocks; housing for staff; and a hall with various workrooms that accommodated 320 people (the functions of the hospital buildings and rooms would change over the years). Cunningham conducted the opening ceremony on 6 June 1913. Originally intended for the treatment of people with epilepsy, Stoneyetts was the first Poor Law epileptic colony in Scotland and the only Scottish hospital ever built for epileptic individuals. A remote location was chosen to shield patients from the general public. Stoneyetts and local coal mining were important sources of employment for residents within the Moodiesburn area.
Following the passing of the Mental Deficiency and Lunacy (Scotland) Act 1913, Stoneyetts became a facility for intellectually disabled people – then termed "mental defectives" – who had been held in asylums for the insane. The hospital was known as "Stoneyetts Certified Institution for Mental Defectives" circa 1931. As well as housing civilians, Stoneyetts received convicts who had been deemed mentally "defective"; Glasgow Govan MP Neil Maclean disapproved of "young lads, guilty merely of a little horse-play or a boyish escapade" being held at the institution. The facility faced problems with overcrowding: arrangements were made with Falkirk Parish Council for patients to be cared for at Blinkbonny Home, and the remaining residents were transferred to the new Lennox Castle Hospital by December 1936. Following restoration, Stoneyetts was re-opened as a unit for certified mental patients on 7 August 1937.
The revised unit was headed by chief physician Dr Alexander Dick. Its first admissions were a number of Woodilee Hospital residents, owing to recent weather damage to that facility. Regular entertainment was provided for patients and staff: a cinema showing was supplied weekly, while the "Stoneyetts Concert Party" consisted of the kitchen staff and two female patients. With the inception of the National Health Service (NHS) in 1948, Stoneyetts was linked with Woodilee and Gartloch hospitals under a single board of management. In 1954 there were 340 staffed beds.
Improvements to the facility were carried out in 1950, at a cost of £6,800. These included an extension to the laundry, the addition of verandas to two of the villas and the erection of a designated patients' cafeteria. A television set was installed in May 1953, courtesy of Sir John Stirling-Maxwell, and a new oil-fired boiler was implemented in the late 1960s. The institution was upgraded and modernised . A number of proposed improvements to the hospital were thwarted by the health board's inability to gain sufficient funding over the years. In 1989, a £9,700 minibus was presented to Stoneyetts by the Parks and Recreation Charities Club.
By the early 1970s there was a changing emphasis toward psychogeriatric care at Stoneyetts. The institution became home to numerous Woodilee Hospital residents following the discovery of severe structural defects in the fabric of that facility's buildings on 13 March 1987 (dubbed "Black Friday" by Lenzie residents). In 1988, patients at Stoneyetts ranged in age from 33 to 87, and included people with schizophrenia, new chronic sick individuals, long-term geriatric patients, and those being prepared for rehabilitation. Three years later, residents were aged 40 to 98. As of October 1991, the hospital had 180 beds and 260 staff members.
Two local streets were laid that share the "Stoneyetts" name: Stoneyetts Road in Moodiesburn, and Stoneyetts Drive within Woodilee Village, Lenzie.
Closure
Stoneyetts was in serious need of funding by mid 1989; a fundraiser was organised at the Knights of St Columba social club in Moodiesburn. In May 1991, however, NHS Greater Glasgow announced its plans to close institution, with a view to transfer patients and staff to other locations. Proponents for its closure described the facility's accommodation as "outdated" and "sub-standard".
Tom Clarke, MP for Monklands West, led the opposition against closure. Hospital workers feared that Stoneyetts was being intentionally run down to justify its termination; the Confederation of Health Service Employees (COHSE) had produced a catalogue of complaints against the institution in 1986, citing cockroach and mould infestation, dilapidated surroundings, and staff shortages. Unions threatened to occupy the facility and organise a work-in if the plans went ahead. Despite union opposition, as well as public outcry and protesting by workers, Scottish Health Minister, Michael Forsyth, announced their approval of the closure plans on 24 October 1991. COHSE official Jim Devine described Forsyth's ruling as "an affront to democracy", while Tom Clarke called it a "ruthless decision made on commercial not caring grounds". Clarke demanded a probe into the hospital's closure.
Operations at Stoneyetts officially ceased on 19 February 1992.
Aftermath
NHS Greater Glasgow retained ownership of the land and allowed local players to continue funding the institution's bowling venue after the main buildings were demolished. The brownfield hospital site became a popular location for dog walking, but also for vandalism, fly tipping and underage drinking. Concerns were raised with regard to children playing in the area, particularly due to the presence of discarded hypodermic needles.
The woodland was home to a large tree that became a popular spot for local youngsters during the 1990s. On 25 September 1999, an 11-year-old boy died after falling from the tree, prompting police to remove home-made apparatus from it.
In October 2001, the Stoneyetts area again became the cause of public unrest when the Scottish Prison Service expressed interest in purchasing the former hospital grounds to build a jail there. Other proposed developments, including a shopping complex and a leisure centre, failed to materialise over the years.
Several elements of the hospital site remained into the 2010s, such as a tree outline of the grounds, largely overgrown roads, unpowered street lighting, a disused football pitch, and building remnants including an accessible basement. The nearby Stoneyetts Cottages still stand, despite being secluded from the site by the intersecting 2011 M80 motorway extension.
In November 2016, the Stoneyetts land was put up for sale as a residential development site. The following year Miller Homes announced 291 planned homes, while agreeing to retain Stoneyetts Bowling Club and much of the woodland; adjacent land by the entrance was procured by Persimmon for 60 proposed builds. Persimmon gained clearance from North Lanarkshire Council in November 2018, while Miller received permission in February 2019 and commenced work the following year. In 2021, Taylor Wimpey announced they had received planning permission to build a further 121 homes on the site.
References
External links
Stoneyetts Hospital, Glasgow at The National Archives
Stoneyetts Bowling Club
Glasgow at Historic Hospitals
Hospital buildings completed in 1913
1913 establishments in Scotland
1992 disestablishments in Scotland
Hospitals established in 1913
Former psychiatric hospitals in Scotland
History of North Lanarkshire
Defunct hospitals in Scotland
The Human Race Theatre Company is the professional producing theatre company of Dayton Ohio, dedicated to producing works on universal themes that explore the human condition and startle us all into a renewed awareness of ourselves. The HRTC is located in The Metropolitan Arts Building in downtown Dayton. The 212-seat Loft Theatre in downtown Dayton, Ohio serves as its home base, though it also stages one production each year in the 1,100-seat historic Victoria Theatre on their Broadway series.
The Human Race has put on more than 160 productions since its inception in 1986, and has an extensive theatre education program that annually serves more than 30,000 children and adults throughout southwestern Ohio.
Notable productions have included:
A newly re-imagined production of Lionel Bart's Oliver!, featuring a cast of ten actors and using one piano, during the 2012-2013 season
Another new musical from Gregg Coffin (Convenience, Five Course Love) the sung-thru right next to me, our 2011 production was the next step after staged reading in 2010
The fall 2010 production of August: Osage County produced in collaboration with Wright State University's Department of Theatre, Dance and Motion Pictures
The fall 2007 production of a new Stephen Schwartz piece entitled Snapshots: A Musical Scrapbook, with book by David Stern
The 2004 world premiere of Barry Kleinbort and Joseph Thalken's musical Was
The Human Race Theatre Company is noted for its Musical Theatre Workshops, staged readings of new works, which began in 2000
Current and Recent Productions
2016-2017 Eichelberger Loft Series
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street - A Musical Thriller with music, lyrics by Stephen Sondheim, book by Hugh Wheeler, directed by Scott Stoney. September 8 - October 2, 2016.
Hail Mary! by Tom Dudzick, directed by Margarett Perry. November 3–20, 2016.
The Santaland Diaries! Book by David Sedaris, adapted by Joe Mantello, directed by Scott Stoney. December 8–17, 2016.
World Premiere 26 Pebbles by Eric Ulloa, directed by Igor Goldin. February 2–19, 2017.
On Golden Pond by Ernest Thompson, directed by Richard E. Hess. April 6–23, 2017
World Premiere TO BE ANNOUNCED JUNE 2017.
History
In 1986, the original founders - Suzy Bassani, Sara Exley, and Caryl Philips - gathered together a handful of founding artists to represent the new company. These members included Marsha Hanna, Scott Stoney, Sheila Ramsey, Michael Lippert, Bob Hetherington, and Tony Dallas. Kevin Moore was the very first employee, serving as Executive Director from 1986 - 2011. In 2010, Moore and Hanna were the first arts team to be given the Ohio Governor's Award for Arts Administration. After the untimely passing of Marsha Hanna in 2011, Moore was named Producing Artistic Director.
The Human Race Theatre Company Board of Trustees, the Artistic Director Search Committee, and current Executive Director, Kappy Kilburn, are pleased to announce the appointment of Emily N. Wells as the next Artistic Director. They will be the fourth Artistic Director in the company's 35 years, following founding Artistic Director Suzy Bassani in 1986, who passed the torch to founding member Marsha Hanna in 1993. Kevin Moore will officially leave the company retiring in June 2022.
They moved into its first location, 13,000 square feet of space at 210 North Main Street on the second floor of the historic Biltmore Towers The Dayton Biltmore Hotel later joined by The Muse Machine, a nationally celebrated arts education organization. The Human Race Theatre Company with The Muse Machine moved into their current location in the Metropolitan Arts Center (The MAC) in 1991 operated by the Victoria Theatre Association, now known as Dayton Live. The Muse Machine sublet the Biltmore space to the upstart non-profit The Co. then known as Dayton Visual Arts Center.
Surviving the 2020 COVID-19 Pandemic shuttered venue doors The Human Race Theatre awaited approval of the Small Business Administration Shuttered Venue Operational Grant in 2021. Kilburn says they saw a 92 percent loss in revenue in 2020 and needs the grant to offset costs since Human Race Theatre Company is a nonprofit organization.
“As a self-producing organization, we bear the brunt of the expenses before we even see our first audience members,” Kilburn said. “We're having to pay the contracts upfront, we're having to license the work upfront, and we're having to build everything.”
References
External links
Official Website
Production history
Human Race Theatre Company history
Companies based in Dayton, Ohio
Regional theatre in the United States
The black-throated huet-huet , (Pteroptochos tarnii) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in southern/central Chile and adjacent western Argentina. Its natural habitat is temperate forest.
References
External links
Image at ADW
black-throated huet-huet
Birds of Chile
black-throated huet-huet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hamadou Derra (born November 27, 1985, in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé professional footballer. They currently play as a midfielder for Rail Club du Kadiogo.
Career
On 1 August 2006, Derra left Rail Club du Kadiogo and signed a contract for FC Botoşani. On 19 September 2008 their club FC Botoşani resigns their contract and they returned to Rail Club du Kadiogo.
Notes
1985 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
FC Botoșani players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Rail Club du Kadiogo players
Burkinabé expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Sportspeople from Ouagadougou
21st-century Burkinabé people
Mehmet Nadir (1856 – 13 December 1927) was a Turkish mathematician and educator.
Early life
They were born in Sakız island (modern Chios in Greece) then a part of the Ottoman Empire, to a poor family. They were adopted by a sea captain, who would be their father-in-law in the future. They studied in the military high school in Bursa. Then, they went to İstanbul to study in the military college and then the naval academy. After completing their education with honours, they were appointed teacher of mathematics at the naval academy, and later at Darüşşafaka High School, one of the most prominent schools in İstanbul. In 1879, together with one of their friends, they travelled to England for advanced studies. But the details of this period are not known. Probably, they also spent some time in Cyprus.
Educator
After returning to İstanbul, they began teaching in private high schools, and in 1884 they established a high school of their own. It was a junior high school (). Later, they added a senior high school section to their school (). Although there were private junior high schools before 1884, they were the founder of the very first private senior high school in İstanbul. This school is now considered as the core of the modern Istanbul High School for Boys (). They also added a section for the girls and a branch school in Edirne. Another novelty they introduced was the first school newspaper in Istanbul.
Politics and later life
They secretly supported the Young Turks movement. But when Sultan Abdülhamit II arrested 350 Young Turk adherents on the charge of planning a coup in 1896, Mehmet Nadir was forced to resign. After working in a public school in İstanbul in 1903, they were appointed to Aleppo (now in Syria) as the director of education. In 1908, Young Turks came to power and they were exiled to Tripoli (now in Libya) by the Young Turks, who suspected of their betrayal back in 1896. After the Italo-Turkish War, in which Italians invaded Libya, they returned to İstanbul. Although they were also sent to Edirne, they soon returned to İstanbul during the Balkan Wars. After they convinced Young Turks of their innocence, they were appointed mathematics professor in the newly established Girls' University in İstanbul. In 1919 soon after the World War I, they began serving in the Darülfünun (present day, İstanbul University) as a müderris (professor) of mathematics in the newly established branch of Number theory.
They died on 27 December 1927.
As a mathematician
Mehmet Nadir is considered as one of the first mathematicians of Turkey. They actively participated in a group of mathematicians of a French mathematics periodical named I'Intermediaire des Mathematiciens. According to Professor Erdal İnönü, a total of 62 papers of them were published in the periodical. One example cited by İnönü is as follows:
The whole number solution to the equation
proposed by Mehmet Nadir is
where b is a positive integer and a is a positive odd integer.
In 1917, Mehmet Nadir published a book on the Number theory. In this book, they proposed an alternative algorithm on divisibility. Well-known German mathematics professor Felix Klein congratulated them for the algorithm.
References
1856 births
1927 deaths
Scientists from the Ottoman Empire
Turkish mathematicians
Military personnel of the Ottoman Empire
Educators from the Ottoman Empire
People from Chios
Istanbul University faculty
The Calgary Kookaburras is a ladies Australian rules football club based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. They play at the Queen Elizabeth School, Hillhurst and are members of AFL Canada. They were the first women's football club formed in Canada.
History
The Calgary Kookaburras were formed on April 30, 2007, at a meeting of five girls at Hillhurst's Riley Park. Jake Anson was appointed as the club's inaugural coach, with Bri Johnstone as the club's first captain.
The first major tournament that club members participated in was the first women's international matches of Australian football, held at Vancouver's Thunderbird Stadium on August 4 & 5. Fourteen Calgary Kookaburras represented Canada in matches against the USA national team.
The club continued to gain momentum on- and off-field throughout 2007. The club developed an independent club structure in August, to focus on growing women's Australian football throughout southern Alberta. In October, the club was invited to compete in the US National Championships, held in Louisville, Kentucky. The Calgary squad combined with women from the Washington First Lady Eagles to compete in the championships. The combined team lost three official matches against Arizona, Milwaukee and Atlanta. In an unofficial match, Calgary 6.7 (43) defeated Washington 4.2 (26).
In 2008, a full pre-season and some innovative recruiting saw the club grow to become the largest women's footy team outside Australia. Two feeder clubs were formed to provide regular match practice for players and the club's profile in the Calgary community grew through exposure in the press and on television. In October the club again competed in the US National Championships, held in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The squad performed outstandingly and went through the tournament undefeated to become only the second women's football club to win the championship. Calgary 4.3 (27) defeated Atlanta 3.4 (22) in the final.
In 2011 the Calgary Kookaburras again traveled to the United States to compete in the 2011 Nationals held in Austin, Texas and hosted by the United States Australian Football League. Coach Holly Greatwich, formally of the Bridgetown Bulldogs and a previous, fierce player for the Kookaburras, will make history at the tournament when they become the first ever female coach of an international women's AFL team.
Tournament Championships
Alberta Cup (Gaelic Football) Champions Calgary, AB - 2007
US National Champions Colorado Springs, CO - 2008
Canadian National Champions Vancouver, BC - 2009
Feeder Clubs
The Alberta Footy Women's League was formed in 2008 to provide intra-club competition for the Calgary Kookaburras representative team. Calgary currently fields two sides in the competition:
Hillhurst Nighthawks
Kensington Kingfishers
See also
External links
Calgary Kookaburras
Kookaburras
Australian rules football clubs established in 2007
2007 establishments in Alberta
Australian rules football clubs in Canada
Women's Australian rules football clubs
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! Year !! Winner
|-
| 1900 || Boris Nikolaev
|-
| 1901 || Moishe Lowtzky
|-
| 1902 || Fedor Duz-Khotimirsky
|-
| 1903 || Fedor Duz-Khotimirsky
|-
| 1904 || Fedor Duz-Khotimirsky
|-
| 1905 || P.P. Benko
|-
| 1906 || Fedor Duz-Khotimirsky
|-
| 1908 || Stefan Izbinsky
|-
| 1909 || Boris Nikolaev
|-
| 1910 || Stefan Izbinsky
|-
| 1911 || Fedor Bogatyrchuk
|-
| 1913 || Alexander Evenson
|-
| 1914 || Alexander Evenson
|-
|}
References
Chess competitions
Chess in Ukraine
Sports competitions in Kyiv
Wake Up India is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language political drama film written & directed by Babloo Seshadri. It is produced by Shree Balajee Entertainment in association with Kanishka Films. Starring Sai Tamhankar, Manoj Joshi, Mukesh Tiwari, Mohan Joshi, Asrani, Elisha Kriis. The film released on 25 October 2013. The Times of India stated that "the issues raised here are valid but the execution is immature". The film raised valid questions towards the growth and development of the nation and the hostile behavior of the political parties involved.
Cast
Sai Tamhankar
Manoj Joshi
Aanjjan Srivastav
Elisha Kriis as Supriya
Mukesh Tiwari
Mohan Joshi
Milind Gunaji
Anant Jog
Adi Irani
Mushtaq Khan
Atul Parchure
Asrani
Anjula Singh Mahor
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
2013 films
Indian political drama films
2013 drama films
Hindi-language drama films
Granotoma tumida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.
Distribution
This marine species occurs off Greenland.
References
Posselt H.G., Jensen A.S.. 1898. Grønlands Brachiopoder og Bloddyr. Udgivet efter Forfatterens Død ved Ad. S. Jensen. Meddelelser om Grønland, 23: 1–298
External links
Tucker, J.K. 2004 Catalog of recent and fossil turrids (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Zootaxa 682:1–1295.
Merkuljev A.V. (2017). Taxonomic puzzle of Propebela arctica (A. Adams, 1855) (Gastropoda, Mangeliidae) - six different species under single name. Ruthenica. 27(1): 15–30
tumida
Gastropods described in 1876
Wygoda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Scopula mollicula is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found on Madagascar.
This species is similar to Scopula caducaria (Swinhoe, 1904) in size, shape and coloration but less glossy.
Both wings bear a strong cell-dot, median and postmedian lines of the forewings are placed more distally than in S.caducaria.
References
mollicula
Moths described in 1932
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Africa
Thomas Peter Lowe (born 23 April 1978, Stockport, England) is an English-born singer and actor.
Personal life
Tom Lowe was born in Stockport, England to their parents, Peter and Margaret Lowe. They grew up in the village of Mellor, on the outskirts of Stockport. They attended Mellor Primary School from 1982 to 1989 and Manchester Grammar School from 1989 to 1996, where they performed in many school plays. They sang in the church choir of St. Thomas's Mellor during their childhood and was runner-up in the UK wide Choirboy of the Year competition while a chorister there. They also appeared on TV while at Primary school with fellow Mellor pupils on the children's show Umbrella, filmed at BBC Manchester.
UK career
Early career
Lowe had a stint as a Take That backing singer during their 1995 UK tour. They were part of the male voice choir, named 'The Wanted Men', who sang behind the group in the encore, and specifically during the Number One hit single at that time "Never Forget".
North and South
They first rose to fame just out of school, as a member of the teenage boy band North and South, along with Lee Otter, James Hurst and Sam Chapman. Lowe played keyboard, saxophone, and sang vocals. The band starred in the BAFTA nominated hit BBC TV series No Sweat, for which Lowe composed the soundtrack at the age of eighteen.
West End career
Lowe starred in the London West End award-winning productions of Les Misérables and Cats in the leading roles of "Marius" and "The Rum Tum Tugger". They also originated the role of "Billy" in the West End workshop of Boy George's musical, Taboo.
Career in United States
Harvard
A 2005 graduate of Harvard University, Lowe majored in East Asian Studies, and speaks fluent Mandarin along with four other languages. Their ties to the emergent Chinese market are credited to numerous visits to China, many of them sponsored by the Chinese government.
Lowe is the Harvard cultural attaché to the Shaolin Temple, responsible for training top Chinese film celebrities such as Jet Li. Their fellowship at Harvard enabled them to spend four months traveling the ancient Silk Road through Xinjiang and Gansu provinces in northwest and central China, as an editor for the best selling student travel guide Let's Go. Their esteemed Harvard thesis on Tang Dynasty frontier poetry won them an honors degree and was contributed to the Harvard Yenching Library following Magna Cum Laude recognition. These cultural advantages, coupled with their first hand, viable experience in the world of pop music and Broadway musicals, has afforded them a unique expertise, for a Westerner, in the commercial Chinese entertainment scene.
During their Harvard career, Lowe continued to perform their original material as the lead singer of the band Tommy and The Tigers. The band had the honor of playing at CBGBs, the original New York City hardcore and punk rock club, in 2005. Also during their career, they were selected to sing in Harvard's premier co-ed a cappella group, the Harvard-Radcliffe Veritones, where they were a featured tenor for two years. Their vocals can be found on their fourth album, Imprudence. Staying on in Boston in 2006, Lowe was chosen to be the face of Massachusetts, the on-camera host for a webseries of international tourism promotional videos under Tourism Massachusetts. They became the first ever non-American to sing the national anthem at a Boston Red Sox game.
American Idol
Lowe became the first non-US citizen to appear on American Idol when they auditioned for American Idol'''s sixth season in Seattle. During Hollywood Week's group round, Lowe sang "How Deep Is Your Love" together with Blake Lewis, Rudy Cardenas and Chris Sligh, to move forward to the top tier of contestants. Their encounter with 'Idol' and X Factor has proved to be a source for 'Runner-Up', a new Broadway musical they are co-writing, centered on a fictitious reality show. Their rendition of "God Bless America" at The LA Dodgers stadium was broadcast on television to an audience of millions.
Musical theatre
Lowe performed in a major production of Les Misérables at the Hollywood Bowl, on 8–10 August 2008, this time playing the rebel hero role of Enjolras.
In April - May 2009, they starred in Back to Bacharach and David at the Henry Fonda Music Box Theatre, Hollywood.
In 2010, they opened Vegas! The Show at the Saxe Theater, Planet Hollywood Casino and Resort Las Vegas. As lead singer they paid homage to Sinatra, Elvis, Tom Jones and Elton John.
Tom was honoured in 2013 to perform “Empty Chairs At Empty Tables” for Les Mis lyricist Alain Boublil at the ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards
Their original album Back to Mine, available on Spotify, iTunes and Amazon, features a collection of original songs in Mandarin, Portuguese, Spanish, French and English.
Real Life: The Musical
Lowe is the host of the reality television show, Real Life: The Musical'', which debuted on the Oprah Winfrey Network on 9 June 2012.
References
6. ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uP4sFehngyo
External links
Tom Lowe in Les Miserables at the Hollywood Bowl
Tom Lowe produces riveting new music video POLANCO
1978 births
American Idol participants
British expatriates in the United States
English pop singers
English male stage actors
English gay actors
English gay musicians
English male singers
Harvard University alumni
Living people
Musicians from Boston
People from Mellor, Greater Manchester
People educated at Manchester Grammar School
21st-century English singers
21st-century British male singers
20th-century LGBT people
21st-century LGBT people
Children's Hospital is an Australian television series that screened on the ABC in 1997 and 1998. There was one series of 13 episodes produced. The series was set in a busy inner-city children's hospital. It followed the stories of the hospital staff, the young patients and their concerned families.
Cast
Ian Stenlake as James
Jodie Dry as Charlie
Rachel Szalay as Kris
Gennie Nevinson as Pam
Deborah Galanos as Meredith
Hugh Baldwin as Dave
Ling-Hsueh Tang as Tina
Paula Arundell as Claire
Stuart Robinson as Nigel
See also
List of Australian television series
External links
Australian drama television series
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
1997 Australian television series debuts
1998 Australian television series endings
Perrinsville School is a historical site in Wayne County in Westland, Michigan. Perrinsville is a one-room schoolhouse that is located on Warren Road and Cowan Road. What is now the city of Westland used to be called the Village of Perrinsville in the 1830s. The main residential streets, Perrin and Liberty are still there today and Perrinsville was first settled by Thomas Dickerson in 1831. The Perrin brothers opened a sawmill in 1832 and several other businesses opened to help the village of Perrinsville reach peak activity in the 1850s.
The Perrinsville School Historical Marker says, “Perrinsville began with a sawmill established by Abraham and Isaac Perrin around 1832. During the next century three one-room schools served area children. The first, a wooden school, was erected in 1833 on Marcus Swift farm. A second, larger one, was built on the William Osband farm in 1856 on land purchased from Isaac and Hannah Swift Perrin by Nankin District No. 2, was the first brick school in the township. Classes were held here until 1937 when Henry Ford constructed the nearby Nankin Mills schoolhouse as a replacement. Perrinsville School served as a church from 1948 to 1968. Having suffered many changes over the years, including the removal of the teacher's platform, the cupola, and the wainscoting, the school has been restored to its 1890s appearance by the city of Westland, which acquired it in 1990.”
The Perrinsville one-room schoolroom was built in 1856 as a Greek Revival architecture style made with soft red, clay bricks that were made at a nearby brickyard. For eighty-one years, from 1856 to 1937, the school was used for educating the boys and girls of Nankin. In 1937, the school was closed and replaced by another one-room school called Nankin Mills, built by Henry Ford two and half miles away.
On October 25, 2016, Perrinsville School was relocated from its original location to the historical village located at the City of Livonia's Greenmead Historical Park. The park is located at the southwest corner of Newburg and Eight Mile Roads.
Village of Perrinsville
The Perrinsville historical marker says, “The village of Perrinsville was established as a small commercial center during the 1830s. Abraham and Isaac Perrin started a successful sawmill where Merriman Road now crosses the Middle Rouge. Several businesses sprang up and the community became known as Perrinville. About 1850 the village reached its peak of activity with flourishing enterprises on Ann Arbor Trail and Merriman Road. But a railroad built during this era bypassed Perrinville to the south; in 1871 this railroad was intersected at what is now Wayne City by a rail line running from the north. Perrinsville's distance from these vital transportation lines led to its decline. It became an agricultural area. Absorbed by the city of Westland in 1966, one of Perrinsville's residential streets, a school, and a store still exist.”
The American Local History Network of Michigan has a website that has a list of Wayne county townships/communities that do not exist anymore, Perrinsville is listed on it and it says that the name was changed to Pikes Peak December 21, 1882, and that it was in operation until August 30, 1902. A book called Traveling Through Time: A Guide to Michigan's Historical Markers, By Laura Rose Ashlee has information about different historical markers.
Wayne County
The City of Westland has information about the village of Perrinsville and pictures regarding the one-room school house in the Westland Historical Museum. The historical museum has articles that tell about what life was like for the people that used to go to live In Perrinsville and about that the main cause for the decline was because of the distance from the railroad system. The Perrinsville School was also a huge part of village along with the sawmill, a store, the cabinet shop, blacksmith, and post office. Between the years of 1866 and 1870, Thomas Lathers, had a country store in Perrinsville. The Westland Historical museum has a copy of a book that Thomas Lathers had that has the accounts of about 180 names that were directly related to the pioneer farm families of Nankin and Livonia.
The Perrinville schoolhouse at Cowan and Warren and the Perrinsville sign at Ann Arbor Trail and Merriman both are Michigan Historical Markers which means that they are recognized by the State of Michigan. The Westland Historical Museum and the Garden City Historical Museum both have information about the Village of Perrinsville, articles about what life was life in the 1830s, and pictures.
"The first train arrived in the Village of Wayne on Feb. 3, 1838. The decision to build the tracks through Wayne raised that village to prominence in Nankin Township and doomed the Village of Perrinsville"
Historical Schools
Briggs School (District No. 3) - Constructed in 1859 at Six Mile and Newburg (Newburgh) Roads. Even though districts were consolidated in 1944, the school was still used until 1945. In 1964, Briggs was razed to make way for the Newburgh Shopping Plaza.
Cooper School #1 (Nankin/Fractional District No. 1) - Constructed in 1837 at present-day Ann Arbor Trail & Middlebelt Road; became Fractional District No. 1 for Livonia & Nankin Townships in 1849.
Cooper School #2 - Constructed in 1865 by the district as a one-room schoolhouse; replaced by Cooper School #3 in 1938.
Elm School #'s 1 & 2 (District No. 6) - Constructed in 1869 on Middlebelt Road, south of the present-day CSX Transportation line, with an addition during the 1920s. During the 1930s, a second Elm School was constructed, with an addition a few years later. Both schools were razed in the early 1970s for the construction of a General Motors Powertrain plant.
Livonia Center (Tamarack) School (District No. 4) - Constructed in 1872 on Farmington Road, just south of Five Mile Road. The original school was razed in 1927 for a replacement four-room school on the site. The building is now part of the district Board of Education office.
Newburg School #1 (Fractional School District No. 8) - Constructed in 1861 at present-day Newburgh & Ann Arbor Roads. The one-room schoolhouse was used until 1922, when it was replaced with Newburg School #2 In 1987, the schoolhouse was moved to Greenmead Historical Park, where it still stands today.
Newburg School #2 - Constructed in 1922 to replace Newburg School #1; razed in 1974.
Pearson School (School District No. 2)
Stark School (School District No. 7)
Wilcox (Gaffney) School (School District No. 5)
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wayne County, Michigan
Saginaw Trail
References
External links
Livonia Public Schools
City of Westland official website
More Westland History
Westland, Michigan
Schoolhouses in Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites in Wayne County, Michigan
School buildings completed in 1856
1856 establishments in Michigan
Defunct schools in Michigan
Educational institutions disestablished in 1937
1937 disestablishments in Michigan
Dedicated is the eleventh studio album by The Marshall Tucker Band. It was "dedicated" to their former bassist and founding member, Tommy Caldwell, who was killed from injuries sustained in a car crash the previous year, and the other Caldwell brother, Timmy, who died under similar circumstances, and to all lost loved ones.
Track listing
All songs written by Toy Caldwell, except where noted.
"Rumors Are Raging" – 4:10 (Toy Caldwell, Paul Riddle)
"Tonight's The Night (For Making Love)" – 3:57 (George McCorkle)
"Love Some" – 2:55 (Alan Tarney, Trevor Spencer)
"Silverado" – 4:10 (McCorkle)
"Something's Missing In My Life" – 3:31
"This Time I Believe" – 3:19
"Tell The Blues To Take Off The Night" – 4:51
"Special Someone" – 4:01
"The Time Has Come" – 2:45
"Ride In Peace – Dedicated to Tim and Tommy Caldwell and To All Lost Loved Ones" – 3:58
Personnel
Toy Caldwell – Guitars, Steel Guitar, Background Vocals
Doug Gray – Vocals
Jerry Eubanks – Flute, Saxophone, Keyboards, Background Vocals
Paul Riddle – Drums, Percussion, Background Vocals
George McCorkle – Guitars
Franklin Wilkie – Bass Guitar, Background Vocals
Guest musicians
Charlie Daniels – Fiddle
Norton Buffalo – Harmonica
References
Marshall Tucker Band albums
1981 albums
The 1930 Giro di Lombardia was the 26th edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 26 October 1930, over a course of . The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by the Italian Michele Mara, who reached the finish line at an average speed of , preceding their compatriots Alfredo Binda and Learco Guerra.
124 cyclists departed from Milan and 46 of them completed the race.
General classification
References
External links
Web oficial de la carrera ((in Italian))
El Sitio de Ciclismo
Resultados a Les-Sports.info
1930
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Wronowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Wronowice
Floyd Arthur Kranson (July 24, 1913 – September, 1967) was an American baseball pitcher in the Negro leagues. They played from 1935 to 1940 with the Kansas City Monarchs and the Chicago American Giants. They pitched for the West in the 1936 East-West All-Star Game.
References
External links
and Baseball-Reference Black Baseball stats and Seamheads
1913 births
1967 deaths
Kansas City Monarchs players
Chicago American Giants players
Baseball players from Louisiana
20th-century African-American sportspeople
Baseball pitchers
Jeremy Sutherland Begbie, BA, BD, PhD, LRAM, ARCM, (born 1957) is Thomas A. Langford Distinguished Research Professor of Theology at Duke Divinity School, Duke University, where they direct Duke Initiatives in Theology and the Arts.  They are a systematic theologian whose primary research interest is the correlation between theology and the arts, in particular the interplay between music and theology.  They are also an Affiliated Lecturer in the Faculty of Music at the University of Cambridge.
Biography
Begbie was born on 15 June 1957. They obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in philosophy and music at the University of Edinburgh and Bachelor of Divinity and Doctor of Philosophy degree at the University of Aberdeen.
Prior to teaching at Duke Divinity School in 2009, they were the Associate Principal of Ridley Hall, Cambridge, as well as an Affiliated Lecturer in the Faculty of Divinity, University of Cambridge. In addition, they were an Honorary Professor at the Institute for Theology, Imagination, and the Arts at St Mary's College, University of St Andrews, in Scotland, and was the acting Associate Director of the program.  They are currently Thomas A. Langford Distinguished Research Professor of Theology at Duke University.  They are a Senior Member of Wolfson College, Cambridge.
 They are an ordained minister at the Church of England.
Being a professionally trained musician, they have performed as a pianist, oboist, and a conductor.  They are founder of the New Caritas Orchestra, a group professional players of faith.
Research
 They are known for their writing and lecturing in theology and the arts, especially music.
In September 1997 they founded the Theology Through the Arts project at the University of Cambridge, whose primary aim was "to discover and demonstrate ways in which the arts can contribute towards the renewal of Christian theology". The project included conversation among artists and theologians, academic lectures, publications, and an international arts festival held in 2000.
In 2009, they founded Duke Initiatives in Theology and the Arts at Duke Divinity School, a project which "promotes and supports the vibrant interplay between Christian theology and the arts by encouraging transformative leadership and enriching theological discussion in the Church, academy, and society."
For their book, Resounding Truth: Christian Wisdom in the World of Music, Begbie won the 2008 Christianity Today Book Award in the theology/ethics category.
Publications
Books
Voicing Creation's Praise: Towards A Theology of the Arts, T&T Clark, 1991.
Beholding the Glory: Incarnation Through the Arts (ed.), DLT/Baker Books, 2000.
Theology, Music, and Time, Cambridge University Press, 2000.
Sounding the Depths: Theology Through the Arts (ed.), SCM Press, 2002.
Resounding Truth: Christian Wisdom in the World of Music, Baker Academic, 2007.
Resonant Witness: Conversations Between Theology and Music (co ed.), Eerdmans, 2011.
Art, Imagination and Christian Hope: Patterns of Promise (co ed.), Ashgate, 2012.
Music, Modernity, and God, Oxford University Press, 2013.
Redeeming Transcendence: Bearing Witness to the Triune God, Eerdmans, 2018.
A Peculiar Orthodoxy: Reflections on Theology and the Arts, Baker Academic, 2018
Theology, Music, and Modernity: Struggles for Freedom, (co ed.), Oxford University Press, 2021.
Abundantly More: Theology and the Arts in a Reductionist World, Baker Academic, 2023 (forthcoming).
Selected articles
"Who Is This God?--Biblical Inspiration Revisited.” Tyndale Bulletin 43, 2 (November 1992): 259-282.
"The Theological Potential of Music: A Response to Adrienne Dengerink Chaplin.” Christian Scholar's Review 33, 1 (Fall 2003): 135-141.
“On the Strange Place of Contemporary Art,” article review of On the Strange Place of Religion in Contemporary Art, James Elkins (New York: Routledge, 2004) and God in the Gallery: A Christian Embrace of Modern Art, Daniel Siedell (Grand Rapids, MI: Baker Academic, 2008), in Image Journal, Iss. 64 (December 2009): 105–13.
“Modelling Harmony: Music, Theology and Peace-Building” in Interpretation: A Journal of Bible and Theology, 71.1 (January 2017)
Selected chapters
"Through Music: Sound Mix." In Beholding the Glory: Incarnation Through the Arts, ed. Jeremy Begbie. Grand Rapids: Baker, 2000.
"Unexplored Eloquencies: Music, Media, Religion and Culture." In Mediating Religion: Conversations in Media, Religion and Culture, eds. Jolyon Mitchell and Sophia Marriage. London: T&T Clark, 2003.
"Beauty, Sentimentality and the Arts." In The Beauty of God: Theology and the Arts, eds. Daniel J. Treier, Mark Husbands and Roger Lundin. Downers Grove: IVP, 2007.
"Created Beauty: The Witness of J.S. Bach." In The Beauty of God: Theology and the Arts, eds. Daniel J. Treier, Mark Husbands and Roger Lundin. Downers Grove: IVP, 2007.
"The Sense of an Ending." In A Place for Truth: Leading Thinkers Explore Life's Hardest Questions, ed. Dallas Willard. Downers Grove: IVP, 2010.
"The Future: Looking to the Future: A Hopeful Subversion." In For the Beauty of the Church: Casting a Vision for the Arts, ed. W. David O. Taylor. Grand Rapids: Baker, 2010.
"The Shape of Things to Come?: Wright Amidst Emerging Ecclesiologies." In Jesus, Paul, and the People of God: A Theological Dialogue with N.T. Wright, eds. Nicholas Perrin and Richard B. Hays. Downers Grove: IVP Academic, 2011.
"Confidence and Anxiety in Elgar's Dream of Gerontius." In Music and Theology in Nineteenth-Century Britain, ed. Martin Clarke. Burlington: Ashgate, 2012.
'"A Semblance More Lucid"? in An Exploration of Trinitarian Space', in George Westhaver (ed.), A Transforming Vision, London: SCM Press, 2018.
Begbie, Jeremy. "“There before Us”: New Creation in Theology and the Arts." In The Art of New Creation: Trajectories in Theology and the Arts, edited by Jeremy Begbie, Daniel Train and W. David O. Taylor, Downers Grove, Illinois: IVP, 2022.
References
External links
Duke faculty page
Duke Initiatives in Theology and the Arts
Interview with Image Journal
1957 births
20th-century Anglican theologians
20th-century English Anglican priests
21st-century Anglican theologians
21st-century English Anglican priests
Academics of the University of St Andrews
Alumni of Ridley Hall, Cambridge
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British Anglican theologians
British classical oboists
British conductors (music)
British male pianists
Duke Divinity School faculty
Living people
Staff of Ridley Hall, Cambridge
Systematic theologians
Simon Thompson may refer to:
Simon Thompson (business person)
Simon Thompson (footballer) a Scarborough F.C. player
Simon Thompson (make-up artist)
Simon Thompson (professor)
Simon Thompson (Royal Mail), CEO of Royal Mail
Simon Thompson (triathlete)
See also
Simone Thompson (born 1996), American model known as Slick Woods
Mojsławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Qualitest was an American pharmaceutical company that produced generic drugs. Qualitest had manufacturing facilities in Charlotte, North Carolina, and Huntsville, AL.
In 2010, Qualitest joined Endo International plc – a global specialty healthcare company focused on improving patients' lives while creating shareholder value. Endo develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes quality branded pharmaceutical, generic and device products through its operating companies. Endo has global headquarters in Dublin, Ireland and US headquarters in Malvern, PA.
DAVA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. became part of Qualitest Pharmaceuticals, an Endo International plc company.
Boca Pharmacal was a specialty generics company with a unique generics product portfolio and complementary pipeline that builds on Qualitest's strength in controlled substances.
Timeline
1983: Founded as a generic product distribution joint venture with Kmart
1986: Company is named Qualitest and moved to Huntsville, Alabama
1992: Charlotte, North Carolina facility purchased from Medico Pharma; manufacturing company named Vintage, Inc.
1996: Liquid plant built in Huntsville and rolled into Vintage, Inc.
2001: Tabled plant headquarters and distribution buildings built.
2007: Company purchased by Apax® and ranked 7th largest generics company in the United States.
2010: On December 1, 2010, Qualitest Pharmaceuticals becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of Endo Pharmaceuticals. Qualitest is ranked the 5th largest generics company in the United States.
2014: On February 3, 2014, Endo successfully completed its acquisition of specialty generics company Boca Pharmaca. Boca Pharmacal Inc. (Boca), the specialty generics company, was acquired by Endo in February 2014 and is now part of Qualitest. Boca focuses on niche areas, including controlled substances, semi-solid drugs and solutions. On August 6, 2014, Endo completed its acquisition of DAVA Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a privately held company specializing in generic pharmaceuticals. The acquisition of DAVA Pharmaceuticals Inc., in August 2014, adds a high-margin generics portfolio and robust near-term generics pipeline to the Qualitest business
2015: Endo acquires Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. as part of Endo Pharmaceuticals business.
In May, 2015 Endo International plc (NASDAQ: ENDP) (TSX: ENL) and Par Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Endo will acquire privately held Par from TPG in a transaction valued at $8.05 billion, including assumption of Par debt. Qualitest subsequently merged into Par in July 2016 which effectively dissolved Qualitest as a company.
Lawsuit
In 2015, over one hundred women have filed legal action against the company.
References
Pharmaceutical companies disestablished in 2016
Pharmaceutical companies of the United States
Companies based in Huntsville, Alabama
Health care companies based in Alabama
Xu Xi is the name of:
Xu Xi (painter) (died before 976), Southern Tang painter
Xu Xi (writer) (born 1954), Hong Kong writer
The Museo Bellapart is a private art museum in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Its collection includes artwork from the mid-19th century to the 1960s.
See also
List of art museums
References
External links
Museo Bellapart website
Museums with year of establishment missing
Art museums and galleries in the Dominican Republic
Buildings and structures in Santo Domingo
Tourist attractions in Santo Domingo
John Phillips Little House is a historic plantation house located near Little's Mills, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built between 1850 and 1855, and is a two-story, three bay, frame dwelling in the Greek Revival style. It features a low hip roof and one-story porch supported by four fluted Doric order columns. Also on the property are the contributing blacksmith's shop, the ruins of the cook's house, the site of the original kitchen, two small dove-tail plank structures, a 20th-century shed structure, and a large plank barn.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
References
Plantation houses in North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1855
Houses in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
Charles Browne Fleet (September 18, 1843 – May 12, 1916) was a pharmacist and inventor of the laxative and chapstick. Their company, C.B. Fleet, was founded in Lynchburg, Virginia, and still operates producing laxatives, douches, micro-enemas, and other products of the sort.
A native of King and Queen County, Virginia, Fleet studied at Columbian College until the advent of the American Civil War, at which point they enlisted in the Confederate Army. They then moved to Charlottesville, Virginia, living there for a time before moving to Lynchburg. They served as Secretary of the Virginia Pharmaceutical Association for twenty-three years.
References
1843 births
1916 deaths
American pharmacists
19th-century American inventors
20th-century American inventors
People from King and Queen County, Virginia
People from Lynchburg, Virginia
Businesspeople from Virginia
19th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American businesspeople
George Washington University alumni
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
Đồng Đăng is a town of Cao Lộc District, Lạng Sơn Province, Vietnam. It is best known as a border town on the Vietnamese side of the main road and rail crossing to China. It is on National Route 1.
Đồng Đăng Railway Station and the town are several kilometres short of the Friendship Pass border crossing. It is one of three main border crossings with China, the others being Móng Cái-Dongxing, Guangxi to the East on the coast, and Lào Cai-Hekou, Yunnan, inland 150 km northwest. A fourth crossing is the Trà Lĩnh District-Longbang, Guangxi crossing.
History
The town was the site of the Battle of Đồng Đăng in 1885.
In September 1940 a group of Japanese officers, in spite of an agreement signed the 22nd, attacked Đồng Đăng and laid siege to Lam Sơn, beginning the Japanese invasion of French Indochina. In March 1945 the Japanese again attacked, and it was the site of the fiercest fighting of the March coup d'état, when a company of Tonkinese Rifles and a battery of colonial artillery held off the invaders for three days before being massacred by them.
In 1979, the border town became ground for heavy engagements between Chinese and Vietnamese forces during the Sino-Vietnamese War.
Geography
156 meters.
See also
Hanoi–Đồng Đăng Railway
References
China–Vietnam border crossings
Communes of Lạng Sơn province
Populated places in Lạng Sơn province
Townships in Vietnam
Chorrillos may refer to
Places
Chorrillos River, Argentina
Chorrillos, Tarija Department, Bolivia
Chorrillos, Chile
Antofagasta
Valparaiso
Chorrillos District, Lima, Peru
Chorrillos, Peru, a southern suburb of Lima
Other
Association Chorrillos football club in Chorrillos, Lima
Battle of Chorrillos in the War of the Pacific, around Chorrillos, Lima
Chorrillos Military School in Chorrillos, Lima
Sport Chorrillos football club in Piura, Peru
TreeSize is a disk space analyzer written by JAM Software. TreeSize has native 32 and 64-bit support for all Windows versions and client/server versions currently supported by Microsoft.
Functionality
The common functionality of all editions is to determine and to display drive/folder sizes, and to create reports such as tables and charts (pie chart, bar chart or treemaps). The collected data can be exported to plain text, clipboard, HTML, XML, or Microsoft Excel formats.
The Professional and Personal Editions enable a user to search specifically for large, old, or obsolete files, e.g. temporary files, duplicates or caches of web-browsers such as Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, or Opera. Duplicate files can be identified via MD5- or SHA256-checksums and duplicated or replaced by hardlinks.
TreeSize can also monitor disk space usage development. The software either compares XML reports or uses shadow copies created by Windows itself or by the user.
As of version 3.4, TreeSize Free can scan mobile devices connected to a computer via the Media Transfer Protocol. Android devices can be scanned via WebDAV.
TreeSize can access not only mobile devices but will also scan SharePoint, Amazon S3 Storage and FTP servers.
History
The first version of TreeSize was programmed by Joachim Marder in 1996. It was designed to offer the features of Unix's du on Windows systems, with the addition of a GUI. The software tried to overcome the drawbacks of both the du command and Windows Explorer's right-click context menu. One year later, the newly founded German company JAM Software published TreeSize in a freeware and two shareware versions.
In October 2012 a freeware version with a touch-optimized interface was released for Windows mobile phones, available in Windows Store.
Version 7.1 was released in May 2019.
References
External links
Review on PC World. Additionally, PC World reported on two occasions about TreeSize in their print magazine; once in the Hungarian edition of August 2007, p. 66-67, authored by Tószegi Szabolcs. The second report was printed in the German edition of July 2007, p. 62 authored by cmd.
Review on 3d2f.com
Article on XML.com
Article on Techrepublic.com
Article on Techtree.com
Disk usage analysis software
White Australian may refer to:
European Australians, Australians with European ancestry
Anglo-Celtic Australians, an Australian with ancestry from the British Isles
White people, who are Australians
See also
White Australia policy, a 1901 policy that permitted only Anglo and then later European migration
Australian (disambiguation)
Australian White (disambiguation)
Australiana often pertains to stereotypical cultural objects of colonial Australia
Australians
Ethnic groups in Australia
Regions 615 is a 19-Story Class-AA Office Building in downtown Charlotte, North Carolina. It stands at a height of around with of floor space. It broke ground on August 15, 2015 and was opened on May 22, 2017. A year after opening, the building was sold for a record $222 million to CBRE Global Investors.
615 South College is currently the 28th Tallest Building in Charlotte, NC and was Developed by Portman Holdings. It is located next to The Westin Charlotte.
It serves as the North Carolina headquarters for Regions Financial Corporation.
New tenant
On February 28, 2017, BDO USA signed a new tenant at the 12th floor. BDO USA is expected to relocate from Morehead St. in August, 2017. On March 13, 2017, WeWork signed a second new tenant for the 8th & 9th floors to open their first North Carolina office in Charlotte.
References
Skyscraper office buildings in Charlotte, North Carolina
Skyscrapers in Charlotte, North Carolina
Office buildings completed in 2017
John C. Portman Jr. buildings
God L of the Schellhas-Zimmermann-Taube classification of codical gods is one of the major pre-Spanish Maya deities, specifically associated with trade. Characterized by high age, they are one of the Mam ('Grandfather') deities. More specifically, they evince jaguar traits (particularly the ear), a broad feathery hat topped by an owl, and a jaguar mantle or a cape with a pattern somewhat resembling that of an armadillo shell. The best-known monumental representation is on a doorjamb of the inner sanctuary of Palenque's Temple of the Cross.
Name
The main sign of god L's name glyph in the Dresden Codex consists of the head of an aged man painted black. The reading is unknown, but may conceivably have been Ekʼ Chuah (see below).
Functions
Attributes and scenes of god L are indicative of at least three main functions.
Wealth
Recurrent attributes are a bundle of merchandise and a walking-stick. The floating ends of god L's cloth can show footsteps, again pointing to travelling merchants. In view of the further functions of god L, the Maya merchants should perhaps be compared to the Aztec nahualoztomecah, warriors disguised as merchants. The wealth of god L has been suggested to refer specifically to the cacao orchards of the Gulf Coast; in Cacaxtla, god L is associated with maize stalks and cacao trees. God L's wealth seems to include women as well. On the Princeton vase (see figure), god L is surrounded by five young women, whereas in the Dresden Codex (14c2), they hold a young woman (goddess I) with a maize sign.
Magic and Shamanism
The cigar which, more often than not, is smoked by god L suggests the apotropaic magic of a merchant or, perhaps, the habit of a shaman. The owl on the hat points a connection to the underworld and night, and recalls the Nahua term for sorcerer, tlacatecolotl 'Man-Owl'. The jaguar is also a reference to night and the underworld.
War
God L's jaguar and owl (kuy) attributes point to sorcery, violence, and warfare, qualities that may be related to their Postclassic role as a personification of Venus rising from the underworld, and throwing spears at their victims (Dresden Codex). God L's connection to warfare is also suggested by the decapitation of a bound prisoner, perhaps a captive king, in front of god L's jaguar palace (Princeton vase). On the central relief of the Palenque Temple of the Sun - a war temple - god L, together with one of the other Maya jaguar gods (viz. the Jaguar God of Terrestrial Fire), supports an emblem consisting of the sacred shield and lances of the Palenque kings. Their submissive posture suggests they now represent a defeated enemy chief.
Connections to other deities
God M. As a merchant deity, god L is paralleled by another, Postclassic merchant god, the black god M (Madrid Codex).
Ek Chuah. A Yucatec merchant god who, like god L, was connected to cacao orchards, bore the name Ek Chuah (Landa). This name is usually connected to god M, but could as well refer to god L.
Bolon-Yokte. Together with the deity Bolon-Yokte ('Nine-Strides'), god L and god M have been argued to represent the abstract idea of travelling and of movement in space and time.
God K. God L is often combined with god K, the lightning deity who, as an owner of the seeds, was considered a bringer of abundance. More specifically, god L can extend the head of god K, or carry an infant god K in a sling on their back. God K also happens to be the victim of god L as a Venus patron (Dresden Codex).
Itzamna. It has been suggested that God L is the underworld counterpart of Itzamna, the supreme Maya deity.
Ritual
The acantun stone shafts depicted in the Dresden Codex, which were venerated during the five unlucky and dangerous days (wayeb) at the end of the year, are draped with the mantle and footprint-marked loincloth of God L.
Narrative scenes
Narrative scenes on pottery show the denudation and clothing of god L, while focussing on their owl hat, mantle, and staff. These scenes involve the Maya moon goddess, the rabbit, the Tonsured Maize God, the Hero Twins, and also (in a Dresden Codex vignette) Chaak, the Rain Deity. In this connection, god L has been interpreted (in terms of the Popol Vuh hero myth) as one of the principal lords of the Underworld, or Xibalba.
Presence in contemporary Maya religion
It has been suggested that god L corresponds to that most famous of all Tzʼutujil deities, the cigar-smoking 'Grandfather' (Mam) Maximón, whose manifold associations include long-distance travel, witchcraft, and jaguars, and who is especially venerated during the last days of Holy Week. In the cult of Maximón, the latter's cloths receive special emphasis.
References
Citations
Sources
Coe, Michael D., Lords of the Underworld: Masterpieces of Classic Maya Ceramics. 1978
Christenson, Art and Society in a Highland Maya Community. 2001
Gillespie and Joyce, Deity relationships in Mesoamerican cosmologies: The case of the Maya God L. Ancient Mesoamerica 9 (1998): 278-296
Grube and Schele, Kuy, the Owl of Omen and War. Mexicon XVI-1 (1994): 10-17
Miller and Martin, Courtly Art of the Ancient Maya. 2004
Robicsek, The Smoking Gods. 1978
Taube, The Major Gods of Ancient . 1992
External links
Maya mythology and religion
Maya deities
Shands was a historic settlement on the San Juan Ridge, about 2 1/2 miles west of Graniteville, and just west of the intersection of the present day North Bloomfield – Graniteville and Spanish Mine Roads, near Cherry Hill. The site is at an elevation of 4636 feet.
There is little in the historical record about the settlement and what there is, is not always consistent. As best as can be determined, a Canadian named John Shand, [sometimes spelled Shann], established a store in that locality before November 20, 1853, as there are references to Shand's store in local newspapers. Among other things, they grew produce to sell to miners.
At around the same time, Ann [sometimes spelled Anne] Adams McDonnel and Richard William McDonnel arrived in California from England and moved to the Graniteville area where Richard became a miner. In the spring of 1853, Richard left home to go to Marysville for provisions and is believed to have died while trying to cross the swollen Yuba River. To support themselves and their young daughter Emily, Ann opened a boarding house. They were acknowledged to be a “splendid cook“. In 1856, they married John Shand. Sometime prior to 1859, John and Ann acquired a new home in the area where the Eureka Lake and Water Company was preparing to construct a new flume, and opened a boarding house.
Under the direction of French engineer Benoit Faucherie, the Magenta Flume, 7 feet wide, 1400 feet long and 165 feet high was constructed across the valley leading to Cherry Hill. During the construction process, Ann fed the workmen. Thereafter, their boarding house became known as Magenta House. In the 1860s, with the rise in importance of the Henness Pass Road between Marysville and the Territory, later State, of Nevada, Magenta House became an important stop for travelers. The place was very popular, in large part because of Ann's dedication. There is a report of a wagon train arriving at 4 AM and being so impressed by Ann's service that each man gave Ann a five dollar gold piece.
Described as a "landmark of the pioneer days" Magenta House was an impressive establishment. It had a dining room that could serve 30 people at a setting and an upstairs bedroom with 24 straw beds on each side. It had a barn that could accommodate 60 horses as well as pens for various animals. It had its own vegetable garden and fruit trees, with a sophisticated watering system fed by a large tank built on the side of the hill.
In addition to the important travel stop, there was also some mining and lumbering around Shands. Shands was located on one of the gold-bearing gravel channels that ran down the San Juan Ridge. Lindgren reports small areas of gravel at Shands “100 feet thick, composed of well-washed pebbles and covered by subangular gravel.” Shands was also connected to the world's first long-distance telephone line which connected all the mining towns on the ridge.
There is an interesting report of an argument between John Shand and an unidentified person. Ann came to John's assistance whereupon the assailant turned on them John drew their pistol and killed the assailant. John was not arrested.
John Shand died in the late 1860s. Ann continued to run the Magenta House. In 1874, they petitioned the County for $5100 in claimed damages to their water tank. In 1875, they married Michael Quinn. The Quinns continued to operate the Magenta House, and there is a reference to Shands being called Quinns Ranch. Ann died in 1899 and was buried in the North Bloomfield cemetery. Magenta House then passed to their son W. G. Shand, who lived in Graniteville. Michael Quinn continued to operate the inn until their health began to decline around 1908, at which point the inn was operated by a Chinese cook, known as "Charley Rabb." In 1915, Michael moved to the Masonic home in Alameda to "spend the rest of their days."
Interviewed in 1947, Ann Shand's granddaughter, Anna Loomis, confirmed many of the facts reported above. They particularly mentioned that their grandmother was an excellent cook noted for their hospitality. They stated that the Magenta House still stood but others lived there and the flume had been replaced by a water pipeline.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Tiidu may refer to several places in Estonia:
Tiidu, Valga County, village in Estonia
Tiidu, Võru County, village in Estonia
The Karnataka State Film Award for First Best Film is a state film award of the Indian state of Karnataka given during the annual Karnataka State Film Awards. The award honors Kannada language films.
Winners
See also
Karnataka State Film Award for Second Best Film
Karnataka State Film Award for Third Best Film
Cinema of India
Cinema of Karnataka
List of Kannada-language films
References
Karnataka State Film Awards
Kannada-language films
Nigel McClintock is a Northern Irish organist, choral conductor and teacher. They were a previous director of music at Croydon Parish Church (now Croydon Minster).
Education and career
Nigel McClintock was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland and studied at Methodist College Belfast. They then moved to London, studying piano, organ and choral conducting at the Royal College of Music under Nicholas Danby, Patricia Carroll and Paul Spicer. During their studies, they held organ scholarships at Mill Hill School and St Albans Cathedral, where they worked under Barry Rose.
Between their undergraduate and postgraduate studies at the Royal College of Music, they worked as director of Music at St George's Parish Church, Belfast. There, they produced numerous recordings of the boy choristers with Lammas Records, which were produced by Barry Rose. After received an MMus in Choral Conducting, they worked as director of music at Croydon Parish Church from 2000 to 2007.
In 2008, McClintock took up the position of director of music at St Peter's Cathedral, Belfast, leading the newly formed Schola Cantorum. They also became involved in the Charles Wood Summer School, based in Armagh. In 2010, the choir was the subject of a 3-part BBC One TV documentary, following McClintock as they led the choir to sing at St Peter's Basilica in Rome for the Pope. McClintock left the post in 2018. Since then, the role and choir, in its then format, has disbanded.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Organists from Northern Ireland
Alumni of the Royal College of Music
Matutuíne District is a district of Maputo Province in southern Mozambique. The principal town is Bela Vista. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with the city of Maputo in the north, the province of KwaZulu-Natal of South Africa in the south, Eswatini in the west, and with Namaacha and Boane Districts in the northwest. In the east, the district is limited by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . This is the southernmost district of Mozambique. It has a population of 37,165 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Maputo River and the Tembe River. There are several lakes in the district.
The climate is subtropical, with the annual rainfall being around at the coast and in the interior.
History
The area has been recorded in the 17th century as populated by Machavane people. In the 18th century it was conquered by a local chief Maputsu. In the 19th century the state they established still existed and was paying tribute to the Zulu Kingdom. Subsequently, the Portuguese took over the administration.
In the 1940s, the district was divided into three postos, in the 1960s one more was added.
Demographics
As of 2005, 39% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 38% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Xichangana. 64% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into five postos, Missevene (four localities, including Bela Vista), Catembe-Nsime (two localities), Catuane (two localities), Machangulo (two localities), and Zitundo (two localities).
Economy
3% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 7,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long, which includes stretches of national roads EN3 (, connecting Boane and Catuane), EN201 (), EN202 (, to Bela Vista), as well as secondary roads.
A new port primarily for the export of coal was approved in 2009.
References
Districts in Maputo Province
The 2015 GFA Premier Division was the 33rd season of top-division football in Grenada. The competition began on 23 May 2015 and concluded on 24 October 2015. The league title was won by Carib Hurricane who achieved a record-tying fourth title. It was also their first title since 2008.
Teams
A total of 10 teams are taking part in the league. The three newcomers were New Hampshire United, Chantimelle, and Boca Juniors, who finished atop the 2014 GFA First Division table. These clubs replaced the relegated Mount Rich, Happy Hill and Five Stars. Half of the clubs were located in the capital area (St. George's) while the rest were dispersed among the northern tracts of the main island.
Table
Results
Relegation playoffs
The relegation/promotion playoffs took place between the 8th placed GFA Premier Division club, and the 3rd placed GFA First Division club.
1–1 on aggregate. Fontenoy United won 4–3 on penalties and remain in the GFA Premier Division
References
External links
2015
Grenada
Grenada
football
Pseudocellus pearsei is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei. It occurs in caves in Yucatan, Mexico.
References
Chamberlin & Ivie, 1938 : Arachnida of the orders Pedipalpida, Scorpionida and Ricinulida. Fauna of the caves of Yucatan, Carnegie Institution of Washington Publication, n. 491, p. 101-107
Animals described in 1938
Ricinulei
Endemic fauna of Mexico
Cave arachnids
Arthropods of Mexico
Gimhae Air Base is a Republic of Korea Air Force (ROKAF) base adjacent to Gimhae International Airport. Runway 18L/36R is used for military purposes only.
Units
The base is home to the ROKAF's 5th Tactical Airlift Wing (제5전술공수비행단), comprising:
251st Tactical Air Support Squadron flying the C-130H and C-130H-30
258th Tactical Support Squadron flying the CN235-100M and CN235-220M
259th Tactical Air Support Squadron flying the UH-60P
The ROKAF's 4 Boeing 737 AEW&C Peace Eye aircraft were all delivered to the base which is to be the home base for the aircraft.
Until September 2010 a contingent of United States Air Force personnel of the 607th Material Maintenance Squadron served in a co-located operating base on Gimhae Air Base.
History
The base was originally established during the Korean War as Pusan West (K-1) Air Base and hosted United States Air Force and United States Marine Corps units.
On 25 June 1950, 10 divisions of the North Korean People's Army attacked the Republic of Korea. The North Koreans quickly overwhelmed the South Korean Army and moved south. Following the passing of United Nations Security Council Resolution 83 on 27 June 1950, President Truman ordered US forces defending the Republic of Korea. On 30 June 1950 C-54s of the Fifth Air Force began transporting a battalion of the 24th Infantry Division from Itazuke Air Base to K-1, however the weight of the C-54s damaged the runway and later flights were made using C-47s. On 2 July the Battalion, known as Task Force Smith, boarded trains to Taejon and was destroyed on 4 July in the Battle of Osan.
On 7 July 1950 two L-5s and an SC-47 from the 3rd Air Rescue Squadron (3rd ARS) deployed to K-1 from Ashiya AB in Japan, but the aircraft proved unsuitable for the terrain and returned to Japan on 16 July. On 30 August, the 3rd ARS formally organized Detachment F, with six H-5s at K-1. Following the success of the Inchon landing Detachment F moved north to Seoul (K-16) Air Base.
On 24 December 1950 the Air Defense Section of Marine Tactical Air Control Squadron 2 was deployed to K-1 to establish a tactical air command center.
By April 1951 K-1 served as the headquarters of the First Marine Air Wing and Marine Aircraft Group 12 was based at K-1 to provide aircraft for combat missions and special missions. VMA-513 flying F7Fs and F4U-5Ns were flying out of K-1 and providing the sole night fighter air defense and interdiction support to all UN forces in Korea.
On 31 May 1951 a US Navy R5D-3 #56513 hit a mountain at the end of the base killing all 5 passengers and crew.
In November 1951 the 1903rd Aviation Engineer Battalion arrived at K-1 and relieved the First Marine Air Wing of all responsibilities for maintaining the base and runways. Maintenance responsibility was later assumed by the 366th Aviation Battalion.
From October to December 1952, the 17th Bombardment Wing was based at K-1 to allow for the resurfacing of the Pusan East (K-9) Air Base runway from PSP to asphalt.
References
South Korean airbases
Korean War air bases
Cowley County (county code CL) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 34,549. Its county seat is Winfield, and its most populous city is Arkansas City.
History
For millennia, the land now known as Kansas was inhabited by Native Americans. The first European visitor to Kansas was the Spanish explorer Francisco Vasquez de Coronado in 1541. In 1601, the Governor of New Mexico, Juan de Oñate, visited Etzanoa, a settlement of several thousand Wichita people near Arkansas City along the Walnut River. The ruins of Etzanoa have been found by archaeologists.
19th century
In 1803, most of modern Kansas was secured by the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Cowley County was officially organized as a county, but reserved for the Osage Indians, by the Kansas Legislature in March 1867, originally named Hunter County for Robert Mercer Taliaferro Hunter (1809–1887), a Virginia Representative and Senator to Congress and Speaker of the House in the twenty-sixth Congress. In 1870, the county was renamed for Matthew Cowley, First Lieutenant in Company I, 9th Kansas Cavalry, who died at Little Rock, Arkansas, on October 7, 1864. Officially opened for settlement July 15, 1870, there was a lengthy and bitter disagreement between the towns of Winfield and Cresswell (the town now named Arkansas City) over the possession of the county seat of government. Finally settled after two special elections and numerous petitions to the Governor and Legislature, Winfield was determined to be the county seat and a courthouse was constructed in 1873 at a cost of $11,500.
21st century
In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was constructed north to south through Cowley County. Controversy arose from the Kansas legislature's decision to grant the pipeline a ten-year exemption from property taxes; it was estimated that this would mean $15 million per year in lost revenue to the six counties through which the pipeline passed. The counties were unsuccessful in an attempt to eliminate the exemption.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Butler County (north)
Elk County (northeast)
Chautauqua County (east)
Osage County, Oklahoma (south)
Kay County, Oklahoma (southwest)
Sumner County (west)
Sedgwick County (northwest)
Demographics
Cowley County comprises the Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Wichita-Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Combined Statistical Area.
As of the U.S. Census in 2000, there were 36,291 people, 14,039 households, and 9,616 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 15,673 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 90.13% White, 2.70% Black or African American, 1.96% Native American, 1.53% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 1.36% from other races, and 2.30% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.59% of the population.
There were 14,039 households, out of which 32.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.20% were married couples living together, 9.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.50% were non-families. 27.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 9.90% from 18 to 24, 26.00% from 25 to 44, 22.20% from 45 to 64, and 15.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 95.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,406, and the median income for a family was $43,636. Males had a median income of $31,703 versus $21,341 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,509. About 9.20% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.00% of those under age 18 and 11.20% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1996, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink without a food sales requirement.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 52% to 48% despite backing Donald Trump with 68% of the vote to Joe Biden's 30% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Colleges
Cowley College
Southwestern College
St. John's College (closed in 1986)
Unified school districts
Central USD 462
Udall USD 463
Winfield USD 465
Arkansas City USD 470
Dexter USD 471
Communities
Cities
Atlanta
Arkansas City
Burden
Cambridge
Dexter
Geuda Springs (partly in Sumner County)
Parkerfield
Udall
Winfield
Unincorporated communities
Akron
Albright
Box
Cameron City
Dale (Seely)
Eaton
Eschs
Floral
Glengrouse
Grand Summit
Hackney
Hooser
Kellogg
Maple City
Moxham
New Salem
Otto
Pleasant Valley
Rainbow Bend
Redbud
Rock
Silverdale
Taussig
Tisdale
Vinton
Wilmot
Townships
Cowley County is divided into twenty-five townships. The cities of Arkansas City and Winfield are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
See List of people from Cowley County, Kansas
General Dean Coldwell Strother was a United States Air Force four-star general who served as U.S. Military Representative, NATO Military Committee (USMILREP), from 1962 to 1965; and as Commander in Chief, North American Air Defense Command/Commander in Chief, Continental Air Defense Command (CINCNORAD/CINCONAD), from 1965 to 1966.
Robert Docking was a successful banker and mayor of Arkansas City before they became the 38th Governor of Kansas.
Several college football head coaches have passed through Winfield that have gone on to become widely recognized. Jerry Kill is the current head coach for the Minnesota Golden Gophers—he played for the Southwestern Moundbuilders under Dennis Franchione when they were head coach. Jack Mitchell went on to coach several schools including the Kansas Jayhawks. Former head coach and for the Oklahoma Sooners and College Football Hall of Fame member Bennie Owen was born in Arkansas City.
Perhaps the most famous resident of Cowley County is the fictional character Mary Ann Summers from the television show Gilligan's Island. It is said on the show that they are "employed at the Winfield General Store."
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cowley County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
History of Cowley County Kansas; D.A. Millington / E.P. Greer; Winfield Courier; 162 pages; 1901.
Hand-book of Arkansas City and surroundings; C. S. Burch Publishing Co; 38 pages; 1887.
Standard Atlas of Cowley County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 54 pages; 1905.
Historical Atlas of Cowley County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 52 pages; 1882.
External links
County
Cowley County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Cowley County - GenWeb
Maps
Cowley County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area
Populated places established in 1867
James Murdoch Austin (May 25, 1915 – November 26, 2000) was a New Zealand-American meteorologist. They were notable for their pioneering modeling of the meteorology of air pollution, especially that of smokestack particulates.  They are also notable as the doctoral advisor of the pioneer of chaos theory and early practitioner of numerical weather prediction, Edward Norton Lorenz.
Early life and education
Austin was born in Dunedin, New Zealand. They graduated from Otago University in 1935 and obtained a master's degree in mathematics from the University of New Zealand in 1936 and the ScD in meteorology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1941. Under Sverre Petterssen, the thesis they produced was entitled Fronts and Frontogenesis in Relation to Vorticity. They became a naturalized US citizen in 1946.
Personal life
Austin was married for 59 years to Dr. Pauline Morrow Austin, who for years directed the MIT Weather Radar project. Their two daughters are Doris A. Price of Annapolis, Maryland, and Carol T. West of Gainesville, Florida.
Career
Austin was a professor of meteorology at MIT from 1941-83. They were also the first director of MIT's Summer Session, holding that position from 1956-83.
As a forecaster during World War II, they served as a consultant to the US Army Air Force weather service in Europe. Their forecasting work was a factor in the decisions on the final bombardment of Cherbourg, France and the D-Day landing of airborne troops, as well as the movement of advance mobile weather stations across northern France. In 1946, President Harry S. Truman awarded them the Medal of Freedom for their civilian wartime service.
They consulted for major power companies in the nation's first efforts to control pollution from energy-generating plants. They also brought meteorology into homes in eastern Massachusetts. On June 9, 1948, they launched a nightly weather forecast on WBZ-TV, the first television program broadcast live from Boston.
Austin was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1955. They were a former secretary of the American Meteorological Society.
Death
As a resident of Concord, Massachusetts, James M. Austin died on November 26, 2000, aged 85.
Books by Austin
Bernhard Haurwitz and James M. Austin, Climatology, New York, London, McGraw-Hill Book Company, 1944.
References
External links
Austin's obituary
Austin's thesis
1915 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
American meteorologists
Chaos theorists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science faculty
People from Concord, Massachusetts
Scientists from Dunedin
University of Otago alumni
New Zealand meteorologists
People with acquired American citizenship
New Zealand emigrants to the United States
Tianjin Tuanbo Football Stadium is a professional football stadium in Tianjin, China. The stadium holds 22,320 spectators and opened in 2012.
References
Football venues in Tianjin
Sports venues in Tianjin
Fabian Gramling (born 5 April 1987) is a German politician for the CDU and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Gramling was born in the West German city of Stuttgart and was member of the Landtag of Baden-Wurttemberg. Gramling was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1987 births
Christian Democratic Union of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
"Mama" is a song by South Korean-Chinese boy bands Exo-K and Exo-M. It served as their debut single and the title track of their debut extended play Mama (2012). Available in both Korean and Mandarin, the song was released digitally on April 8, 2012, by SM Entertainment.
Release and promotion
"Mama" was written by Yoo Young-jin and produced by Yoo Young-jin. The Korean version is performed by subgroup Exo-K and the Mandarin version by Exo-M. The music videos of the song were released on YouTube on April 7, 2012, the same day the song was made available for download through iTunes and other Korean and mainland Chinese online retailers.
Exo-K and Exo-M performed both versions during their pre-debut showcase on March 31, 2012 in Seoul, South Korea, followed by a second group performance for their second showcase in Beijing, China on April 1.
On April 7, Exo-M made their television debut at China's 12th Yinyue Fengyun Bang Awards, performing "Mama". On that same day Exo-K made their debut in Korea on SBS's music program The Music Trend, performing both "Mama" and a prologue single, "History". Exo-K also debuted on Mnet's M! Countdown on April 12, KBS's Music Bank on April 13, and MBC's Show! Music Core on April 14.
Music video
Two music videos for "Mama" were released on YouTube on April 8, 2012 through S.M. Entertainment's official channel, SMTOWN. Each music video, though recorded in two different versions, featured all twelve members of Exo.
The two videos begin with the same animation and English voice over illustrating the birth of twelve legendary powers that break into two separate forces in order to "keep alive the heart of the tree of life," which is being conquered by an evil force. The two legends divide the tree of life in half, and carries each piece to their own lands. The narration then declares that the two legends will "reunite into one perfect root" on the day, the evil force purifies. After the introduction, all twelve members of Exo appear wearing robes as they walk to the center of a darkly lit circular room. The song begins with a Gregorian chant, and the members look up to a bright light in the sky in unison. Throughout the videos, there are close-up shots of the members performing their own celestial powers with intercut sequences of choreographed dancing, choreographed by Lyle Beniga. Xiumin has cyrokinesis (frost), Kris has flying, Luhan has telekinesis, Suho has water powers, Baekhyun has light powers, Lay has healing, Chen has lightning, Chanyeol has pyrokinesis, D.O. has strength and ground manipulation, Tao has time stopping, Kai has teleportation, and Sehun has wind. The videos end with each group finishing their dance, and they both close with the logo of Exo. The song uses a riff from Led Zeppelin's "Kashmir" in the background as well as the end of Guns N' Roses' "November Rain".
Charts
Sales
References
Exo songs
2012 singles
SM Entertainment singles
Korean songs
Korean-language songs
Chinese songs
Mandarin-language songs
Songs written by Yoo Young-jin
2011 songs
In computer science, a family of hash functions is said to be k-independent, k-wise independent or k''-universal if selecting a function at random from the family guarantees that the hash codes of any designated k keys are independent random variables (see precise mathematical definitions below). Such families allow good average case performance in randomized algorithms or data structures, even if the input data is chosen by an adversary. The trade-offs between the degree of independence and the efficiency of evaluating the hash function are well studied, and many k-independent families have been proposed.
Background
The goal of hashing is usually to map keys from some large domain (universe) into a smaller range, such as bins (labelled ). In the analysis of randomized algorithms and data structures, it is often desirable for the hash codes of various keys to "behave randomly". For instance, if the hash code of each key were an independent random choice in , the number of keys per bin could be analyzed using the Chernoff bound. A deterministic hash function cannot offer any such guarantee in an adversarial setting, as the adversary may choose the keys to be precisely the preimage of a bin. Furthermore, a deterministic hash function does not allow for rehashing: sometimes the input data turns out to be bad for the hash function (e.g. there are too many collisions), so one would like to change the hash function.
The solution to these problems is to pick a function randomly from a large family of hash functions. The randomness in choosing the hash function can be used to guarantee some desired random behavior of the hash codes of any keys of interest. The first definition along these lines was universal hashing, which guarantees a low collision probability for any two designated keys. The concept of -independent hashing, introduced by Wegman and Carter in 1981, strengthens the guarantees of random behavior to families of designated keys, and adds a guarantee on the uniform distribution of hash codes.
Definitions
The strictest definition, introduced by Wegman and Carter under the name "strongly universal hash family", is the following. A family of hash functions is -independent if for any distinct keys and any hash codes (not necessarily distinct) , we have:
This definition is equivalent to the following two conditions:
for any fixed , as is drawn randomly from , is uniformly distributed in .
for any fixed, distinct keys , as is drawn randomly from , are independent random variables.
Often it is inconvenient to achieve the perfect joint probability of due to rounding issues. Following, one may define a -independent family to satisfy:
distinct and ,
Observe that, even if it is close to 1, are no longer independent random variables, which is often a problem in the analysis of randomized algorithms. Therefore, a more common alternative to dealing with rounding issues is to prove that the hash family is close in statistical distance to a -independent family, which allows black-box use of the independence properties.
Techniques
Polynomials with random coefficients
The original technique for constructing -independent hash functions, given by Carter and Wegman, was to select a large prime number , choose random numbers modulo , and use these numbers as the coefficients of a polynomial of degree whose values modulo are used as the value of the hash function. All polynomials of the given degree modulo are equally likely, and any polynomial is uniquely determined by any -tuple of argument-value pairs with distinct arguments, from which it follows that any -tuple of distinct arguments is equally likely to be mapped to any -tuple of hash values.
In general the polynomial can be evaluated in any finite field.
Besides the fields modulo prime, a popular choice is the field of size , which supports fast finite field arithmetic on modern computers.
This was the approach taken by Daniel Lemire and Owen Kaser for CLHash.
Tabulation hashing
Tabulation hashing is a technique for mapping keys to hash values by partitioning each key into bytes, using each byte as the index into a table of random numbers (with a different table for each byte position), and combining the results of these table lookups by a bitwise exclusive or operation. Thus, it requires more randomness in its initialization than the polynomial method, but avoids possibly-slow multiplication operations. It is 3-independent but not 4-independent. Variations of tabulation hashing can achieve higher degrees of independence by performing table lookups based on overlapping combinations of bits from the input key, or by applying simple tabulation hashing iteratively.
Independence needed by different types of collision resolution
The notion of k''-independence can be used to differentiate between different collision resolution in hashtables, according to the level of independence required to guarantee constant expected time per operation.
For instance, hash chaining takes constant expected time even with a 2-independent family of hash functions, because the expected time to perform a search for a given key is bounded by the expected number of collisions that key is involved in. By linearity of expectation, this expected number equals the sum, over all other keys in the hash table, of the probability that the given key and the other key collide. Because the terms of this sum only involve probabilistic events involving two keys, 2-independence is sufficient to ensure that this sum has the same value that it would for a truly random hash function.
Double hashing is another method of hashing that requires a low degree of independence. It is a form of open addressing that uses two hash functions: one to determine the start of a probe sequence, and the other to determine the step size between positions in the probe sequence. As long as both of these are 2-independent, this method gives constant expected time per operation.
On the other hand, linear probing, a simpler form of open addressing where the step size is always one, requires 5-independence. It can be guaranteed to work in constant expected time per operation with a 5-independent hash function, and there exist 4-independent hash functions for which it takes logarithmic time per operation.
For Cuckoo hashing the required k-independence is not known as of 2021.
In 2009 it was shown that -independence suffices, and at least 6-independence is needed.
Another approach is to use Tabulation hashing, which is not 6-independent, but was shown in 2012 to have other properties sufficient for Cuckoo hashing.
A third approach from 2014 is to slightly modify the cuckoo hashtable with a so-called stash, which makes it possible to use nothing more than 2-independent hash functions.
Other Applications
Kane, Nelson and David Woodruff improved the Flajolet–Martin algorithm for the Distinct Elements Problem in 2010.
To give an approximation to the correct answer, they need a -independent hash function.
The Count sketch algorithm for dimensionality reduction requires two hash functions, one 2-independent and one 4-independent.
The Karloff–Zwick algorithm for the MAX-3SAT problem can be implemented with 3-independent random variables.
The MinHash algorithm can be implemented using a -independent hash function as was proven by Piotr Indyk in 1999
References
Further reading
Hash functions
Search algorithms
Error detection and correction
Sir Harold Baxter Kittermaster, KCMG, KBE (14 May 1879 – 20 March 1939) was governor of British Somaliland (now Somalia), British Honduras (now Belize), and then of the Nyasaland protectorate (now Malawi) in the period before the Second World War.
Early years
Kittermaster was born at Belmont, Shrewsbury, Shropshire on 14 May 1879, son of the Reverend Frederick Wilson Kittermaster (died 1906) of Coventry, England. It was the same year that their father moved from Coventry to take up their last post as Vicar of Bayston Hill near Shrewsbury.
They were educated at Shrewsbury School and at Christ Church, Oxford.
They married, in 1923, Winifred Elsie, born on 25 April 1899 in Coventry, daughter of Richard Alexandra Rotherham, by whom they had one son and one daughter.
At a height of they were reckoned to be one of the tallest men in the British Colonial Service.
Kenya
Kittermaster was a colonial official in British East Africa, now Kenya, before World War I, and assisted Theodore Roosevelt on their 1909 safari.
Kittermaster was the officer-in-charge of the Northern Frontier District during the Aulihan Somali uprising, which started with a major cattle raid on the Samburu in December 1915 and was followed by the sack of the British post at Sarinley in Jubaland. The British had limited forces in the area and were distracted by military operations in German East Africa. Kittermaster was unable to persuade the authorities to undertake serious reprisals until September 1917.
After ruthless military action and many deaths the Aulihan were forced to capitulate and pay compensation in cattle. Kittermaster said: "no further trouble need be feared from the Aulihan for some time to come".
Kittermaster established the administrative boundary later called the Kittermaster Line separating the Samburu grazing lands of the Leroghi plateau from the larger Laikipia plateau, which had been reserved for white settlers.
They were appointed the first acting district commissioner in the Turkana District in the northwest of what is now Kenya.
British Somaliland
Kittermaster was Governor of British Somaliland from 1925 to 1931.
They were handicapped by strict limits of expenditure by the Treasury, usually limited to £200,000 annually. As far as possible, they made sure this money was used productively, setting up an agricultural department and distributing groundnuts and cowpeas to prospective growers.
In 1927 they decided that the livestock industry was crucial to the economy, and introduced measures that included launching a compulsory inoculation program, building stock dips and organizing the market for animal products.
They also obtained funding for well-boring from the Colonial Office.
British Honduras
Kittermaster took office as Governor of the British Honduras on 9 March 1932.
Although there were labor grievances against the British administration during Kittermaster's tenure, they undertook few reforms since the situation did not appear to be deteriorating.
The colony was poor, but Kittermaster refused to believe that some people were close to starvation.
They did nothing to introduce a minimum wage or to reform laws that prevented the formation of unions and imposed a land tax paid mostly by smallholders.
A report on education in the British West Indies during this period concluded that primary education was the least progressive of any part of the empire, and the school buildings were in very poor condition.
Kittermaster said it was unfortunate that the report did not cover the British Honduras, but noted that it "has not been found practical to take any action with a view to improving the present situation due to the impossibility of providing increased appropriations for education".
They did however recommend "missions to establish schools wherever there is a minimum of children", perhaps with a view to shifting responsibility for funding to the church.
In 1932 they commented on secondary schooling that "the high rate of fees is far beyond the means of an ordinary parent of a primary school pupil".
Nyasaland
Kittermaster was 55 years old when appointed Governor of Nyasaland in 1934. They sponsored limited development of the Native Authority system and enacted rules to regulate emigrant labor.
Otherwise, they did not introduce any major innovations. They said "So far as my own policy is concerned I may say it has been to carry on the policies of my predecessors, ... and it seemed to me that the last thing the Protectorate would require was another new broom".
At the time of their appointment, Native Associations of educated Africans were attempting to become recognized by the colonial administration as alternative representatives of the people to the Native Authorities, which were headed by conservative chiefs and headmen. Kittermaster did not entirely reject this concept. After some debate, the Native Associations were allowed to send their views to the Secretariat, which would acknowledge their receipt, but any action would still be taken through the Native Authorities.
Kittermaster met with Levi Z. Mumba, the leader of the Native Association movement, on 12 May 1935. They took a conciliatory approach and encouraged the Associations to continue their activity on useful lines.
Kittermaster inherited the controversial issue of land rights. Landlords who had acquired title to estates were entitled by statute to evict 10% of resident Africans every five years. The government had to find land of equal value nearby. The subject was complicated by non-disturbance clauses for the original occupants of the land, who could remain without paying rent. Although the question was not urgent due to a shortage of labor, Young had proposed various changes to clarify the laws, which Kittermaster supported, essentially leading towards the acquisition of land from private estates for permanent settlement of Africans. However, the Secretary of State directed that no changes to the laws be made. Consistently siding with indigenous Africans instead of the European settlers led to Kittermaster becoming unpopular with the white settler community while they were in office.
The colonial government decided in 1934 to encourage the Nyanja language as the lingua franca in Nyasaland, since it was the most widely spoken.
Kittermaster ordered immediate implementation of this policy.
The missions opposed the decision, as did ethnic groups such as the Yao people and the Tumbuka speakers led by Levi Mumba.
After the London Missionary Society appealed to London, Kittermaster was told to suspend the decision and hold a conference to resolve the issue. In the end the decision was to encourage use of Nyanja but allow free use of other languages.
Kittermaster's administration had little positive impact. While they were in office, annual internal revenue declined from £511,000 to £506,000.
The civil service remained static, growing from 3,437 to 3,534 officers.
Early in 1939, Kittermaster was taken ill and was diagnosed to be suffering from appendicitis. Their condition became serious and the doctors were unable to save him. They died on 20 March 1939.
Their wife, Winifred Elsie, lived to advanced old age, dying in 1993.
Kittermaster's administration was one of many criticized by Nazi Germany because of its liberal attitude towards the colony's African majority. Similarly, the Sierra Leone administrations of Henry Monck-Mason Moore, Arnold Hodson and Douglas James Jardine were condemned by the Nazis on the same grounds.
References
Sources
K
K
K
K
K
K
1939 deaths
1879 births
The Škoda 7 cm guns were a family of naval guns and dual-purpose guns of the Austro-Hungarian Empire that were developed and produced for the Austro-Hungarian Navy in the years before and during World War I. These guns were actually 66 mm, but the classification system for artillery rounded up to the next highest centimeter. Following the defeat of the Central Powers in World War I and the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian empire the ships of the Austro-Hungarian Navy were divided among the victorious allies and some guns continued to be used until World War II.
Construction
The Škoda 7 cm guns were developed and built at the Pilsen works between 1892 through 1918. The barrel was made of steel with a horizontal sliding-wedge breech, they used fixed quick fire ammunition and most ranged in length between 26 and 45 calibers. There was a single hydraulic recoil cylinder beneath the barrel and most were aimed by shoulder pads. The G. L/18 was a landing gun which could be taken ashore to provide support for a landing party. Initially these guns were deployed as anti-torpedo boat guns and had an elevation of -10° to +20°. Škoda engineers later developed anti-aircraft mounts which could elevate from -10° to +90°, but the ballistic performance for the guns remained the same.
Acronyms associated with these guns include:
SFK = Schnell-Feuer Kanone or quick firing cannon.
TAG = Torpedoboot-Abwehr Geschütz or anti-torpedo boat gun.
BAG = Ballon-Abwehr Geschütz or anti-balloon gun.
BAK = Ballon-Abwehr Kanone or anti-balloon cannon.
History
The Škoda 7 cm were mounted aboard coastal defence ships, destroyers, minelayers, monitors, pre-dreadnought battleships, protected cruisers and submarines of the Austro-Hungarian Navy.
Coastal defense ships:
Monarch-class - SMS Monarch had one G. L/45 BAG gun after a 1917 refit. SMS Vienna and SMS Budapest each received a Škoda 7 cm K10 gun for anti-aircraft defense after a 1917 refit.
Destroyers:
Huszár-class - The fourteen ships of this class had a primary armament of one SFK L/45 gun on a low angle mount. Later all ships received five L/30 K09 BAG guns on dual-purpose mounts after 1912–1913 refits. One of these ships Ulan was ceded to Greece after World War I and was renamed Smyrni.
Tátra-class - The six ships of this class had a secondary armament of six SFK L/45 guns on low angle mounts. Two of these guns were replaced with dual-purpose G. L/45 BAG guns after 1916-18 refits. Four ships of this class Tatra, Csepel, Orjen and Balaton were ceded to Italy after World War I where they were called the Fasana-class.
SMS Warasdiner - This ship had a primary armament of two SFK L/45 guns on low angle mounts and four dual-purpose L/30 K09 BAG guns. Warasdiner was ceded to Italy after World War I.
Minelayers:
MT.130-class - The eight ships of this class had a primary armament of one dual-purpose L/30 K09 BAG gun. After World War I three of the unfinished ships were ceded to Italy and called the Albona-class, while five unfinished ships were ceded to Yugoslavia and called the Malinska-class. After the defeat of Yugoslavia in World War II five ships were seized by Italy and called the Arbe-class.
Monitors:
Enns-class - The two ships of this class had a tertiary armament of two G. L/26 K16 BAK guns. SMS Inn was ceded to Romania after World War I and was renamed Besarabia. SMS Enns was ceded Yugoslavia and renamed Drava.
Sava-class - The two ships of this class had a tertiary armament of two G. L/26 K16 BAK guns. Both ships were ceded to Yugoslavia after World War I and SMS Temes (II) was renamed Vardar, while SMS Sava ceded to Romania and renamed Bucovina.
Körös-class - The two ships of this class had a secondary armament of two SFK L/42 guns. SMS Körös was ceded to Yugoslavia after World War I and renamed Morava.
Leitha-class - One ship of this class the SMS Leitha received a SFK L/42 gun after a 1915 refit.
Pre-dreadnought battleships:
Erzherzog Karl-class - The three ships of this class had twelve SFK L/45 guns for anti-torpedo boat defense. Each ship received two G. L/45 BAG guns for anti-aircraft defense after 1916 refits.
Habsburg-class - The three ships of this class had ten SFK L/45 guns for anti-torpedo boat defense. Each ship received two G. L/45 BAG guns for anti-aircraft defense after 1916-17 refits.
Protected cruisers:
Kaiser Franz Joseph I-class - The two ships of this class were armed with two G. L/18 landing guns.
Panther-class - The two ships of this class the SMS Panther and SMS Leopard received four SFK L/42 guns after 1909-10 refits.
Submarines:
U3-class - One ship of this class U-4 received one G. L/26 K15 BAK gun after a 1917 refit.
U20-class - Four ships of this class U-20, U-21, U-22 and U-23 received one G. L/26 K15 BAK gun.
Torpedo boats:
T-group - The eight ships of this group had a primary armament of two SFK L/45 or two L/30 K09 BAG guns. Four were ceded to Romania and renamed Sborul, Vartejul, Viforul and Vijelia. Four were ceded to Yugoslavia after World War I where they were named T1, T2, T3 and T4. Following the defeat of Yugoslavia in World War II these ships were seized by Germany and Italy
F-group - The sixteen ships of this group had a primary armament two L/30 K09 BAG guns. These were ceded to Greece, Portugal, Romania and Yugoslavia after World War I. Greece received Panormos, Pergamos and Proussa. Portugal received Zêzere, Ave, Cávado, Sado, Liz and Mondego. Romania received Năluca, Smeul and Fulgerul. Yugoslavia received T5, T6, T7 and T8.
M-group - The three ships of this group had a primary armament two L/30 K09 BAG guns. The ships of this group were ceded to Greece and renamed Kydonia, Kios and Kyzikos.
Torpedo cruisers:
Zara-class - The three ships of this class were armed with two SFK L/45 guns after 1917 refits.
Ammunition
Ammunition was of fixed QF type. A complete round measured 66 x 575R and the projectile weighed between .
Ammunition types:
Steel shells
Common shells
Shrapnel
Weapons of comparable role, performance and era
Canon de 65 mm Modèle 1891: French equivalent
Škoda 7 cm K10 and K16: Skoda successors to the TAG/BAG/BAK line
Users
Notes
References
70 mm artillery
World War I naval weapons
World War I artillery of Austria-Hungary
Naval guns of Austria-Hungary
Naval guns of Italy
The 2019 Coke Zero Sugar 400 was a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race that was held on July 7, 2019 at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida. Contested over 127 of the scheduled 160 laps on the superspeedway, it was the 18th race of the 2019 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series season. The race was postponed from Saturday, July 6 to Sunday, July 7, due to rain. 20-year-old Justin Haley won the race, recording their first career Cup Series win and the first for Spire Motorsports after the race was called due to rain.
Report
Background
The race was held at Daytona International Speedway, a race track located in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States. Since opening in 1959, the track is the home of the Daytona 500, the most prestigious race in NASCAR. In addition to NASCAR, the track also hosts races of ARCA, AMA Superbike, USCC, SCCA, and Motocross. It features multiple layouts including the primary high speed tri-oval, a sports car course, a motorcycle course, and a karting and motorcycle flat-track. The track's infield includes the Lake Lloyd, which has hosted powerboat racing. The speedway is owned and operated by International Speedway Corporation.
The track was built in 1959 by NASCAR founder William "Bill" France, Sr. to host racing held at the former Daytona Beach Road Course. Their banked design permitted higher speeds and gave fans a better view of the cars. Lights were installed around the track in 1998 and today, it is the third-largest single lit outdoor sports facility. The speedway has been renovated three times, with the infield renovated in 2004 and the track repaved twice — in 1978 and in 2010.
On January 22, 2013, the track unveiled artist depictions of a renovated speedway. On July 5 of that year, ground was broken for a project that would remove the backstretch seating and completely redevelop the frontstretch seating. The renovation to the speedway is being worked on by Rossetti Architects. The project, named "Daytona Rising", was completed in January 2016, and it costed US $400 million, placing emphasis on improving fan experience with five expanded and redesigned fan entrances (called "injectors") as well as wider and more comfortable seating with more restrooms and concession stands. After the renovations, the track's grandstands include 101,000 permanent seats with the ability to increase permanent seating to 125,000. The project was completed before the start of Speedweeks 2016.
Entry list
(i) denotes driver who are ineligible for series driver points.
(R) denotes rookie driver.
Practice
First practice
Kyle Busch was the fastest in the first practice session with a time of 44.831 seconds and a speed of .
Final practice
Martin Truex Jr. was the fastest in the final practice session with a time of 43.703 seconds and a speed of .
Qualifying
Qualifying for Friday was cancelled due to inclement weather and Joey Logano, the point leader, was awarded the pole as a result.
Starting Lineup
Race
Stage results
Stage One
Laps: 50
Stage Two
Laps: 50
Final stage results
Stage Three
Laps: 27
The Big One occurred on lap 119 when Clint Bowyer and Austin Dillon battled for the lead in intense drafting packs, leading to a 17-car crash. Kurt Busch was the leader when most leaders pitted, but when at the end of Lap 127, officials gave the signal the race would restart on the ensuing lap, Busch pitted, handing the lead to Justin Haley. When lightning was detected while the cars were on the backstretch working Lap 128, the safety truck turned on its lights and immediately sent the cars to the pit lane. After two further attempts to restart the race were aborted because of lightning, more rain led NASCAR to declare the race official. NASCAR then spent considerable time to score all penalties assessed for pitting before pit lane was opened before an official result was declared. Haley was declared the winner.
Race statistics
Lead changes: 24 among 14 different drivers
Cautions/Laps: 6 for 25
Red flags: 1
Time of race: 2 hours, 14 minutes and 58 seconds
Average speed:
Media
Television
NBC Sports covered the race on the television side. Rick Allen, 2000 Coke Zero 400 winner Jeff Burton and two-time Coke Zero 400 winner Dale Earnhardt Jr. called in the booth for the race. Steve Letarte called from the NBC Peacock Pit Box on pit road. Dave Burns, Marty Snider and Kelli Stavast reported from pit lane during the race. During the lengthy red flag for lightning, television coverage eventually switched over to NBCSN, where the official announcement of the end of the race was made.
Radio
MRN had the radio call for the race which was also simulcast on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio.
Standings after the race
Drivers' Championship standings
Manufacturers' Championship standings
Note: Only the first 16 positions are included for the driver standings.
. – Driver has clinched a position in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series playoffs.
References
2019 Coke Zero Sugar 400
2019 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series
2019 in sports in Florida
Coke Zero Sugar 400
In phonetics, length or quantity is a feature of sounds that have distinctively extended duration compared with other sounds. There are long vowels as well as long consonants (the latter are often called geminates).
Many languages do not have distinctive length. Among the languages that have distinctive length, there are only a few that have both distinctive vowel length and distinctive consonant length. It is more common that there is only one or that they depend on each other.
The languages that distinguish between different lengths have usually long and short sounds. The Mixe languages are widely considered to have three distinctive levels of vowel length, as do Estonian, some Low German/Low Saxon varieties in the vicinity of Hamburg and some Moselle Franconian and Ripuarian Franconian varieties.
Strictly speaking, a pair of a long sound and a short sound should be identical except for their length. In certain languages, however, there are pairs of phonemes that are traditionally considered to be long-short pairs even though they differ not only in length, but also in quality, for instance English "long e" which is (as in feet ) vs. "short i" which is (as in fit ) or German "long e" which is (as in Beet 'garden bed') vs. "short e" which is (as in Bett 'sleeping bed'). Also, tonal contour may reinforce the length, as in Estonian, where the over-long length is concomitant with a tonal variation resembling tonal stress marking.
In transcription in the International Phonetic Alphabet, long vowels or consonants are notated with the length sign (Unicode U+02D0 MODIFIER LETTER TRIANGULAR COLON) after the letter. Diacritics may occur over either the base letter, the length sign, or both. For example, in some non-rhotic varieties of English the /t/ of the word party may be nearly elided, with just some breathy-voice remaining, in which case it may be transcribed . When both length and tone are moraic, a tone diacritic may appear twice, as in (falling tone on a long vowel). A morpheme may be reduced to length plus nasalization, in which case a word might be transcribed . If the length is morphemic, the morphemes would be and .
In this non-linear phonology, the feature of length is often not a feature of a specific sound segment, but rather of the whole syllable.
See also
Chroneme
Extra-short
Colon (letter)
References
Phonology
That's So Raven Too! is the second soundtrack album from the hit Disney Channel original series, That's So Raven. The soundtrack debuted and peaked at #44, on the Billboard 200, selling 22,600 copies in its first week. Since then, the soundtrack has sold 200,000 copies (as of 2007). The soundtrack includes the single "Some Call it Magic" by Raven-Symoné. The album also features songs from other artists such as Jesse McCartney, B5, Everlife, Anneliese van der Pol, Orlando Brown, Aretha Franklin, and Aly & AJ.
Track listing
Notes
"Walking on Sunshine" is a cover, originally performed by Katrina and the Waves.
"A Day in the Sun" is a cover, originally performed by Hilary Duff on their Metamorphosis album (Japanese version).
"I Can See Clearly Now" is a cover, originally performed by Johnny Nash.
"Will It Go Round in Circles" is a cover, originally performed by Billy Preston.
"Let's Groove" is a cover of an Earth, Wind, And Fire song.
Charts
References
2006 soundtrack albums
Albums produced by Matthew Gerrard
Dance-pop soundtracks
Hip hop soundtracks
Rhythm and blues soundtracks
Television soundtracks
That's So Raven
Walt Disney Records soundtracks
Green Bay–Austin Straubel International Airport is a county-owned public-use airport in Brown County, Wisconsin, United States, which serves Northeastern Wisconsin. It is the fourth busiest of eight commercial service airports in Wisconsin in terms of passengers served. The airport is located southwest of downtown Green Bay, in the village of Ashwaubenon. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2021–2025, in which it is categorized as a non-hub primary commercial service facility.
The airport sits on portions of land encompassing Green Bay and the Oneida Nation of Wisconsin's Indian reservation. It has two runways and is used for commercial air travel and general aviation. There are two concourses with six gates each. The airport is named for Lt. Col. Austin Straubel, the first aviator from Brown County to die in their country's service on 3 February 1942, after having served for thirteen years in the United States Army Air Corps. The airport name was officially changed to Green Bay–Austin Straubel International Airport on 17 August 2016.
Green Bay–Austin Straubel International Airport is also known as "The Gateway to Lambeau", as it is the primary airport utilized for people and teams traveling to Lambeau Field, home of the Green Bay Packers.
Facilities
Green Bay–Austin Straubel International Airport has two fixed-base operators: Executive Air and Jet Air. Both offer full service during operating hours. The airport covers and has two runways.
Runway 18/36: 8,700 x 150 ft (2,651 x 46 m.), surface: concrete, ILS equipped
Runway 6/24: 7,700 x 150 ft (2,347 x 46 m.), surface: concrete, ILS/DME equipped
For the twelve-month period ending 31 December 2021, the airport had 38,152 aircraft operations, an average of 105 per day: 62% general aviation, 19% air taxi, 17% commercial airline and 2% military.
In September 2022, there were 101 aircraft based at this airport: 49 single-engine, 28 multi-engine, 21 jet, 2 helicopter and .
Airlines and destinations
Passenger
Cargo
Statistics
Top destinations
Passenger traffic
Airline market share
Accidents and incidents
On 29 June 1972, a Convair CV-580 flying as, North Central Airlines Flight 290 bound for Oshkosh, Milwaukee and Chicago collided midair with an Air Wisconsin turboprop plane over Lake Winnebago. Eight people died as a result of this accident, five from the North Central flight and three from the Air Wisconsin plane.
On 21 December 1979, a Cessna 310R operated by Green Bay Aviation was destroyed and two of the five occupants were killed when the aircraft struck trees. The accident occurred 1/2 mile southwest of the airport as the aircraft was executing an ILS approach to Runway 6.
On 25 January 1989, a privately owned Cessna 337G was destroyed when it impacted the ground 1/2 mile south of Austin Straubel Airport. The aircraft was on approach to GRB, where it was based when the crash occurred. The plane's only occupant, the pilot, was killed.
On 2 April 2001, a Cessna 501 I/SP en route to Fort Myers, Florida crashed into a Morning Glory Dairy warehouse immediately after takeoff from Runway 18, killing the sole occupant of the aircraft.
On 16 May 2001, a Glasair experimental aircraft was destroyed and the pilot killed. The aircraft, which was based at GRB, impacted the ground while executing a turn for separation with a landing Cessna on runway 24 at GRB.
On 22 February 2018, a Cessna 441 performing a flight from Indianapolis to Green Bay crashed in Carroll County, Indiana. All three occupants on board were killed.
See also
Green Bay Metro
List of intercity bus stops in Wisconsin
References
External links
at Wisconsin DOT airport directory
Airports in Wisconsin
Buildings and structures in Brown County, Wisconsin
Lekhtusi Radar Station is an early warning radar near Lekhtusi in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. It is a key part of the Russian early warning system against missile attack, going on combat duty on 11 February 2012. It is run by the Russian Aerospace Defence Forces.
There have been a number of announcements about the introduction of this radar, the first one of the third generation Voronezh series of early warning radar. It first entered testing in December 2005, experimental service a year later, service in December 2009 and finally combat duty in 2012.
The station is south west of the village of Lekhtusi and north north east of St Petersburg. It is adjacent to the A.F. Mozhaysky Military-Space Academy which is an officer training centre for the Aerospace Defence Forces.
Voronezh radar
Voronezh radar are highly prefabricated radars needing fewer personnel and using less energy than previous generations. The one built in Lekhtusi is described as Voronezh-M, a VHF radar with a stated range of . The radar was described by Space Forces commander Oleg Ostapenko as covering north west Russia and replacing coverage lost when the radar at Skrunda in Latvia was decommissioned in 1998.
References
Russian Space Forces
Russian and Soviet military radars
Military installations of Russia
Try Harder! is a 2021 American documentary film, directed and produced by Debbie Lum. It follows students at Lowell High School as they apply and hope for admission to the college of their dreams.
It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 30, 2021. It was released on December 3, 2021, by Greenwich Entertainment.
Synopsis
Students at Lowell High School apply and hope for admission to the college of their dreams.
Release
The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 30, 2021. It also screened at the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival on June 2, 2021. It also screened at AFI Docs in June 2021. In August 2021, Greenwich Entertainment acquired distribution rights to the film. It was released on December 3, 2021. The film also aired on Independent Lens on PBS on May 2, 2022.
Reception
Box office
In its opening weekend, the film earned $27,815 from 5 theaters.
Critical response
Try Harder received positive reviews from film critics. On Rotten Tomatoes it holds a 97% approval rating based on 33 reviews, with an average rating of 7.50/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Straightforward and disarmingly, charmingly sincere, Try Harder! follows college-bound students through their final year of high school".
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
American documentary films
Documentary films about high school
Documentary films about high school in the United States
PBS original programming
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
The swamping problem is a problem that appears in the context of epistemology that shows that the idea that knowledge has no additional value over true belief. The problem assumes that knowledge is a true justified belief—the canonical definition—and proceeds to show that knowledge has no more value over true belief by showing that the justification requirement does not add value to the definition. The first known historical mentioning of the problem is in Plato's Meno, when Meno and Socrates have a discussion on how they should choose their guide to Larissa. Meno suggests that they need someone who knows the route, but Socrates suggests that someone with true opinion will do as well.
External links
The value of knowledge-SEP
What is the swamping problem
The swamping problem
Coherentist theories of epistemic justification-SEP
Epistemology
Grey Mountains could be:
Grey Mountains in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth fiction Ered Mithrin
Grey Mountains in the fictional Warhammer Fantasy (setting) by Games Workshop
Super Ready/Fragmenté is the sixth album by Industrial band The Young Gods.
Track listing
"I'm The Drug" - 3:05
"Freeze" - 2:36
"C'est Quoi C'est Ça" - 4:04
"El Magnifico" - 3:28
"Stay With Us" - 4:31
"About Time" - 5:20
"Machine Arrière" - 1:03
"The Color Code" - 5:27
"Super Ready/Fragmenté" - 8:59
"Secret"* - 3:42
"Everythere" - 3:49
"Un Point C'est Tout" - 5:18
- original (slightly different version) on the compilation album XXY
Personnel
Al Comet (Alain Monod) - Keyboards
Yannick Gremaud - Assistant Engineering
George Marino - Mastering
Roli Mosimann - Producer, Mixing
Benoît Saillet - Assistant Engineering
Bertrand Siffert - Engineering
Franz Treichler - Vocals
Bernard Trontin - Drums
References
The Young Gods albums
2007 albums
Ipecac Recordings albums
Albums produced by Roli Mosimann
Maisie Dobbs is a fictional character created by the author Jacqueline Winspear. Dobbs is a "psychologist and investigator" in post–World War I London. After serving as a Voluntary Aid Detachment nurse during the war, they returned to London to work with their mentor, the accomplished detective Dr. Maurice Blanche. When Blanche retires, Dobbs takes over their private investigation business.
The character
At the start of the first novel, we learn that Maisie Dobbs was raised in London by their father, costermonger Frankie Dobbs. Following the death of their mother and their father's inability to afford school fees, they were placed as a maid in the household of Lord Julian and Lady Rowan Compton. When Lady Compton discovered Maisie reading books in the family library, they were so impressed by Maisie's intelligence that they invited their friend, Mr. Maurice Blanche, to tutor Maisie. Maisie won a place at Girton College in Cambridge, but left soon after to volunteer as a nurse in the First World War. After the war, they continued nursing shell-shocked victims in England before returning to Girton to complete their university education. They then joined Dr. Blanche as an assistant in their private investigation and psychology practice.
At the beginning of the first novel of the series, Maisie is starting their own detective agency. The series follows the growth of their business, with each book focusing on a particular crime or mystery, as well as Maisie's own personal development as they come to terms with the trauma of their wartime experiences.
Books about Maisie Dobbs
Seventeen books have been published in the Maisie Dobbs series:
Maisie Dobbs (2003)
Birds of a Feather (2004)
Pardonable Lies (2005)
Messenger of Truth (2006)
An Incomplete Revenge (2008)
Among the Mad (2009)
The Mapping of Love and Death (2010)
A Lesson in Secrets (2011)
Elegy for Eddie (2012)
Leaving Everything Most Loved (2013)
A Dangerous Place (2015)
Journey to Munich (2016)
In This Grave Hour (2017)
To Die but Once (2018)
The American Agent (2019)
The Consequences of Fear (2021)
A Sunlit Weapon (2022)
Awards and reviews
Maisie Dobbs (2003) was chosen as one of Publishers Weeklys Best Mysteries of 2003, received starred reviews in Publishers Weekly and Library Journal, and was a New York Times Notable Book of the Year 2003, an Edgar Award nominee for Best Novel 2003, and the Agatha Award winner for Best First Novel in 2003. In addition, Maisie Dobbs received an Alex Award in 2004.
Recurring characters
Dr. Maurice Blanche - A mentor and tutor to Dobbs since their teen years, Blanche is a celebrated detective with a mysterious past. When Blanche retires, they turn their clients over to Dobbs in support of their efforts to open their own business. Despite their close relationship, Dobbs' work eventually causes a rift between them. Although they remain on speaking terms, mentor and student grow apart for a time.
Frankie Dobbs - Maisie's father.
Brenda Dobbs née Bromley - Maisie's stepmother.
Priscilla Partridge née Evernden - Maisie's wealthy and stylish best friend. A former classmate at Girton College, Cambridge, they dropped out to join the Nursing Yeomanry and drove an ambulance in France. All three of their brothers were killed during the war and their parents died shortly after of influenza. They and their husband Douglas have three sons. Priscilla smokes cigarettes and struggles with alcoholism throughout the series.
Simon Lynch - A doctor who Maisie Dobbs meets through Priscilla at Girton. They fall in love, and when working together during the war, a bomb destroys the casualty clearing station at which they were working. Simon is seriously injured; they survive after the war but cannot communicate and needs constant care. They live in an institution paid by their parents. Maisie is injured as well, but makes a full physical recovery. Maisie focuses on their work at first to distract from the pain of loss, and then to work through their struggle find love again.
Andrew Dene - An orthopedic surgeon and love interest of Maisie's.
Richard Stratton - A detective inspector and love interest of Maisie's.
Viscount James Compton - Son of Lord Julian Compton and Lady Rowan Compton, and Maisie's husband.  They are killed, along with their and Maisie's unborn child, while conducting research into military planes in Canada.
Lady Rowan Compton - Maisie's employer and later, mother-in-law.
Lord Julian Compton - Maisie's employer and later, father-in-law.
Billy Beale - A former patient of Maisie's, Billy reconnects with their savior when they rent an office in the building where they work as caretaker. Billy is drawn in to helping Maisie with their work and quickly becomes their assistant and righthand man. Billy is married; they and their wife Doreen have several children.
Sandra Tapley - Maisie's secretary. Having worked at the Compton household with Maisie, Sandra is hired part-time after the unexpected death of their husband.
Chief Inspector Caldwell - An inspector at Scotland Yard, they have reluctantly developed a professional relationship with Maisie.
Robert "Robbie" MacFarlane' - An inspector at Scotland Yard's Special Branch, they recruit Maisie to take on a role with the Special Operations Executive in the lead-up to the Second World War.
References
External links
jacquelinewinspear.com
Characters in British novels
Fictional female detectives
The Felony Investigative Assistance Team (FIAT) is a multi-jurisdictional police task force comprising 16 law enforcement agencies in Cook County, Illinois, and DuPage County, Illinois, ]. The taskforce covers approximately 300,000 residents in those jurisdictions. It is broken down into five units, four of which are staffed by assigned officers.
History
FIAT began in the 1970s as a group of small police departments in DuPage County, Illinois, identified the need to pool detectives for major investigations. Smaller law enforcement agencies having only a few detectives needed to "borrow" more investigators for crimes such as murder, sexual assault, robbery, or burglary. When FIAT began, all the chiefs of police (and the DuPage Co Sheriff) signed a mutual aid agreement which formalized the process of requesting additional detectives. With a single telephone call, a process to gather these detectives could be underway.
In 1999, the chiefs of those departments saw the need for a tactical unit that could respond to special emergencies such as hostage incidents, barricaded gunmen, active shooters, and high-risk warrant service. The acronym SWAT was used to denote Special Weapons And Tactics. The team's motto is In Hoc Signo Vinces.
Since then, FIAT has expanded to include a pool of traffic crash reconstructionists for fatal or serious injury accidents, as well as a police K9 response group. Now police dogs from member agencies can be called upon to assist in a variety of incidents.
Member agencies
Brookfield, Illinois
Burr Ridge, Illinois
Clarendon Hills, Illinois
Darien, Illinois
Downers Grove
DuPage County
Hinsdale, Illinois http://villageofhinsdale.org
Illinois State Police
Lisle, Illinois
Lombard, Illinois
Oak Brook, Illinois http://oak-brook.org
Warrenville, Illinois
Westmont, Illinois
Willowbrook, Illinois
Winfield, Illinois
Wood Dale, Illinois
Woodridge, Illinois http://www.vil.woodridge.il.us/
Current units
FIAT's only unstaffed unit is activated like an in-advance mutual aid plan. No officers are assigned until a planned police event requires such. A FIAT-member agency may request a number of officers for a special event within its jurisdiction (such as a protest, a planned event requiring traffic direction at multiple intersections, or the like.) Member agencies are notified ahead of time to assign any officer to the event.
Officers currently assigned to FIAT are generally specialized within a single component. Officers have collateral duty, maintaining responsibilities at a home agency until an emergency activation. The staffed units are:
Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT)
Canine Response Group
Major Case Unit (MCU)
Traffic Crash Reconstruction Unit
FIAT SWAT
The SWAT unit is generally the most recognized element of FIAT. It is a full-service SWAT team that contains approximately 50 personnel:
tactical officers,
crisis negotiators (sometimes improperly called Hostage Barricade Team),
police/fire dispatchers,
tactical paramedics,
snipers
Training
The SWAT Team trains on a regular basis. The officers assigned to SWAT are called to handle these high-risk incidents, but remain at their local police agencies when not training or handling emergencies.
The SWAT Team also fields a Mobile Training Team (MTT) which provides updated tactical and firearms training to officers of the member agencies.
Organization
The Team holds various ranks similar to a police agency or US military unit. The Team maintains:
Commander (1)
Assistant Commander (2)
Tactical Team Leaders (3)
Sniper Team Leader (1)
Tactical Dispatch Team Leader (1)
Tactical Medic Team Leader (1)
Crisis Negotiations Team Leader (1)
various Assistant Team Leaders (7)
DuPage Co State's Attorney Liaison (1)
Officers, Medics, and Dispatchers (approx 35)
Selection to FIAT
Officers assigned to one of FIAT's staffed units must first be employed by a member law enforcement agency. The selection process is different for each unit. FIAT does not employ anyone. Officers are employed and paid by their home agencies.
Dissolution and Consolidation
On August 1, 2019, The FIAT Board of Directors voted to dissolve FIAT and combined with Du Page Major Crimes to form a new multi-component task force (shared services entity) called Metropolitan Emergency Response and Investigation Team (MERIT.) All funds and equipment owned by FIAT was transferred over to MERIT.
References
External links
Felony Investigative Assistance Team
Illinois Tactical Officers Association
National Tactical Officers Association
Law enforcement in Illinois
DuPage County, Illinois
Odeefuo Boaponsem was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Denkyira in the Central Region. Their official title was Denkyirahene - King of Denkyira. They were the ninth president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 1999 to 2001.
References
Ghanaian leaders
People from Central Region (Ghana)
Changying Global 100 Fantasty Park (), also known as Changying Wonderland, is an under-construction amusement park in Haikou, Hainan, China.
It is located around 12 km west of downtown Haikou, and around 7 km south of Haikou's west coast area.
References
Parks in Haikou
Amusement parks in China
Tourist attractions in Haikou
Marion Burbank Stevens Rice (September 9, 1904 – April 12, 1995) was an American modern dance choreographer, dance teacher and producer.
Early life
Rice was born in Hingham, Massachusetts. They studied ballet at Sullins College. They settled in Fitchburg, Massachusetts and founded the "Marion Rice Studio of the Dance" where they taught and performed Denishawn technique for over 60 years. They studied in the late 1920s and early 1930s with Ted Shawn, Ruth St. Denis, Miriam Winslow and the Braggiotti sisters at the Braggiotti-Denishawn School of Dance in Boston, often performing Denishawn works in their concerts.
Other work
They produced work by Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn as well as their own choreography. Among the dancers and choreographers they trained were their daughter Carolyn Brown of the Merce Cunningham Dance Company, their daughter-in-law Mona Irvine Rice, and their granddaughters Robin Rice and Rebecca Rice.
Dance company
They also operated their own dance company, the Marion Rice Denishawn Dancers, and in 1980 staged their version of "Soaring," for Les Grands Ballets Canadiens in Montreal. Marion Rice Denishawn performed at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in 1972, the Marymount Manhattan Theater (New York) in 1976 and City College (New York) in 1986 at the "Roots: Foundations of American Modern Dance Festival".
Marion Rice Denishawn or Marion Rice Denishawn Dancers is a dance company devoted to preserving Denishawn dance, the choreography of modern dance pioneers Ruth St. Denis and Ted Shawn, taught and staged by Marion Rice. Marion Rice dedicated their creative life to teaching, preserving, protecting and performing the fifty or so dance works taught to them by Ruth St. Denis, Ted Shawn, Miriam Winslow and other modern dance luminaries while they were a student and performer at the Boston Braggiotti School in Boston in the early 1900s. Along with members of their family, daughter Carolyn Brown, daughter-in-law Mona Irvine Rice, granddaughters Robin Rice and Rebecca Rice, these Denishawn dances have been performed by Marion Rice and their students for over 75 years.
Marion Rice Denishawn performed in Fitchburg, Massachusetts as well as at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival in 1972, the Marymount Manhattan Theater (New York) in 1976 and City College (New York) in 1986 at the 'Roots: Foundations of American Modern Dance Festival'.
In 2000, Marion Rice Denishawn performed at the "Dance in Millennium" Festival in Washington. The company presented "Boston Braggiotti and Denishawn", a lecture demonstration illuminating a select number of the early Denishawn works.
Village Voice critic Deborah Jowitt wrote about the performance in the following review:
Ruth St. Denis, American mystic, and Ted Shawn, entrepreneur, were a great team. During the glory days of their Denishawn company—roughly 1916 to 1931—a gifted disciple could obtain a franchise and open a Denishawn school. For a price, a young dancer could learn a colorful routine and secure its sheet music and costume design. Last month, two companies—the Marion Rice Denishawn dancers at the "Dancing in the Millennium" conference in Washington, D.C., and Dansarté, at Jacob's Pillow—presented programs of dances by St. Denis, Shawn, and their pupils.
What's intriguing about these dances—learned by Robin and Rebecca Rice at their grandmother's studio, and from Shawn at Jacob's Pillow in 1942 and 1943 by Dansarté's director, Sharry Underwood—is the way they combine the notion of art dance with a vaudeville structure. They tend to be about three minutes long, with reassuring amounts of repetition, structured in A-B-A form. Shawn and St. Denis captured the look and ambience of "exotic" styles, if not their steps. Dansarté's beautiful Maris Wolff, gorgeously costumed, performs an orientalist's dream of an Indian "nautch" dance—all rippling midriff, swaying steps, and flirtatious glances. Rice dancer Laurie Cameron appears for the circa 1930 fantasy La Peri (by either St. Denis or Miriam Winslow, who took over the Boston Denishawn school of the Braggiotti sisters), wafting swags of material that depend on from their cap. The heelwork that Dansarté's Jean-Marie Mellichamp beats out in Viva Faroan has the air of flamenco without its now familiar complexities. In the early 20th century, what did American audiences know or care about authenticity?
On these fine programs, you can see the influence of Isadora Duncan in Chopin dances performed with lovely sincerity by the Rices, or get a whiff of German modernism in Miriam Marmein's circa 1932 mime, Argument des Boulevardiers, in which Valerie Farias Newton and Rebecca Rice wear mannish attire and gesticulate with rhythmic fury. Jess Meeker's music for Shawn's Gypsy-Rondo-Bout-Town nudges Dansarté's Genevieve Pellman and Neth Urkiel-Taylor from Haydn to swing. In all these early pieces, theatrical traditions, fashion, and experiment tiptoe toward modern dance.
Current events
In 2000, Marion Rice Denishawn performed in the "Dance in Millennium" Festival in Washington, DC. The company presented "Boston Braggiotti and Denishawn", a lecture demonstration illuminating a select number of the early Denishawn works.
Anna Kisselgoff wrote in the New York Times: "Marion Rice's stagings of Denishawn works are always fresh and beautiful – the perfect example was the St. Denis Valse No. 14 in which Robin Rice and Rebecca Rice were also swathed in swirling fabric – but much more actively so than in theFuller solo. The amount of basic ballet taught in the Denishawn schools was evident in Robin Rice's luminous performance of Shawn's Red Radiance.
References
External links
\\
People from Hingham, Massachusetts
American women choreographers
American choreographers
American female dancers
Modern dancers
Dance teachers
Sullins College alumni
1904 births
1995 deaths
20th-century American dancers
20th-century American women
Wetherall is a surname, and may refer to:
David Wetherall (born 1971), English footballer
Frances Wetherall (born 1952), British sprint canoer
Frederick Augustus Wetherall (1754–1842), British Army general
George Augustus Wetherall (1788–1868), British Army general
Harry Wetherall (1889–1979), British Army general
Jack Wetherall (born 1950), Canadian actor
Edward Heneage (24 July 1802 – 25 June 1880) was a British Whig politician.
Heneage was the son of George Robert Heneage (1768–1833) and their wife Frances Anne Ainslie. They were educated at Eton College.
At the 1835 general election they were elected unopposed as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Grimsby, a seat which had been held from 1826 to 1830 by their older brother George. They were re-elected unopposed in 1841 and 1847, but was defeated in a contest in 1852.
Personal life
Heneage was married twice, firstly on 11 April 1840 to Charlotte Frances Anne Rolleston (died January 1853), daughter of Colonel Lancelot Rolleston and Caroline Chetwynd. On 25 August 1853 they married again, to Renee Elizabeth Levina Hoare, daughter of Captain Richard Hoare and Matilda Ottley Fahie.
References
External links
Whig (British political party) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Great Grimsby
UK MPs 1835–1837
UK MPs 1837–1841
UK MPs 1841–1847
UK MPs 1847–1852
1802 births
1880 deaths
People educated at Eton College
John Lillie Gillies (1832 – 27 September 1897) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Otago region of New Zealand. They were from Rothesay, Bute on the Isle of Bute, Scotland.
Gillies was a member of the Otago Provincial Council, representing the Tokomairiro electorate from 10 October 1861 until 16 August 1864, when they resigned. They then represented the electorate from 5 February 1869 until the abolition of provincial government in 1876, with the electorate changing names in 1871 to Milton. Gillies are twice a member of the executive council: from 16 September 1863 to 17 May 1864, and from 6 May 1869 to 13 April 1871. They were speaker of the provincial council from May 1871 until the abolition of the provinces.
They represented the Waikouaiti electorate in the House of Representatives from 1873 to 1875, when they resigned.
They were Secretary to the Harbour Board when they died aged 65 years, and had been Provincial Treasurer of the Otago Provincial Council.
They were the brother of Thomas Gillies and Robert Gillies, and was the brother-in-law of James McIndoe.
Notes
References
1832 births
1897 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
People from Rothesay, Bute
Scottish emigrants to New Zealand
Members of the Otago Provincial Council
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Hill-McIndoe-Gillies family
Seo Gyeong-seok (born April 9, 1970) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, they were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event.
External links
1970 births
Living people
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
South Korean male canoeists
The Chinge () is a river in the Tandinsky District of Tuva, Russia. It is a left tributary of the Mezhegey which belongs to the drainage basin of the Yenisey.
The source of the Chinge is on the northern slope of the Eastern Tannu-Ola Range, close to the border with Mongolia. The river flows north. The only settlement on the Chinge is Urgaylyg (Argolik).
The Chinga meteorite was found on the shore of the Chinge and named after it ().
References
Rivers of Tuva
Charmaine Clamor is a singer from the Philippines who combines Filipino folk songs with American jazz and blues.
Biography
Born in Subic, Zambales, Philippines, Charmaine Clamor began their singing career at age three, entertaining passengers in buses traveling to Manila. As they grew, they began providing piano accompaniment while their mother sang kundiman (Filipino torch songs) and English language classics. They grew up speaking Tagalog and singing karaoke, moving to the U.S. when they were sixteen years old. They received a master's degree in physical therapy and worked as a physical therapist in hospitals and clinics. They have volunteered for environmental organizations that promote "green living", is a pesco-vegetarian, and grows an organic vegetable garden.
Career
They made the top 5 on the Jazzweek World (No. 2) and Traditional Jazz (No. 4) charts and is the first Filipino-American musician to place two consecutive recordings in the World Music top 10. They record in North America for Michael Konik's label FreeHam Records. They have appeared on NPR's Weekend Edition, BBC's The World, and performed at the San Francisco Filipino-American Jazz Festival.
Them second album, Flippin' Out, was released in 2007. They performed at the Iridium Jazz Club in New York City, singing "My Funny Brown Pinay" to the tune of "My Funny Valentine". On April 15, 2008, at their Brooklyn debut, they continued the theme ("Look at my skin—it's brown...Look at my nose—it's flat"). In May 2008 Clamor and eight jazz musicians and bands appeared at the 3rd Annual Miri International Jazz Festival at Parkcity Everly Hotel in Sarawak, Malaysia. In November 2008, Clamor released My Harana: A Filipino Serenade, touring America and the Philippines. In September 2009, Jazzipino was released with a tour in the Philippines.
Clamor is a founding member of JazzPhil-USA, a non-profit organization that promotes jazz musicians of Filipino descent in the United States
Awards and honors
Named one of the 100 Most Influential Filipino Women in the U.S., Filipino Women's Network
Named a rising star by jazz critic Brick Wahl, LA Weekly
Asian Heritage Award in the Performing Arts, Sand Diego, California, 2009
Achievement Award in Entertainment, Filipinas magazine, 2009; FAMAS award
Performed for President Benigno Aquino, 2011
Discography
Searching for the Soul (FreeHam, 2005)
Flippin' Out (FreeHam, 2007)
My Harana: A Filipino Serenade (FreeHam, 2008)
Something Good (Freeham, 2010)
External links
Official site
References
Living people
21st-century Filipino women singers
American musicians of Filipino descent
Filipino emigrants to the United States
Filipino jazz singers
Singers from Zambales
Year of birth missing (living people)
Trapper Peak is the highest point in the Bitterroot Mountains, part of the larger Bitterroot Range in western Montana. It rises over above the nearby Bitterroot Valley.
The peak is located within the Central Bitterroot Range, a subrange of the Bitterroot Mountains and within the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness Area of the Bitterroot National Forest.
A trail to the peak climbs from the end of a Forest Service road.
References
External links
Bitterroot Range
Mountains of Montana
Mountains of Ravalli County, Montana
Bitterroot National Forest
Baulk Head to Mullion is a coastal Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) in Cornwall, England, UK, noted for both its biological and geological characteristics.
Geography
The site straddles the west coast of the Lizard Peninsula, from Baulk Head in the north to Mullion Cove in the south, within the civil parishes of Mullion and Gunwalloe.
The South West Coast Path runs through the SSSI and parts of the coastline are owned by the National Trust.
Flora and fauna
The SSSI contains several plant species listed in the Red Data Book of rare and endangered plant species, such as Hairy Greenweed, the moss Pottia starkenna, part of the Pottiaceae family, Fringed Rupturewort (Herniaria ciliolata) and the only recently recorded instances of wild leek (Allium ampeloprasum).
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Cornwall
Sites of Special Scientific Interest notified in 1995
Lizard Peninsula
Mullion, Cornwall
Coffey County (county code CF) is a county located in Eastern Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 8,360. Its county seat and most populous city is Burlington.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Coffey County was established.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Osage County (north)
Franklin County (northeast)
Anderson County (east)
Allen County (southeast)
Woodson County (south)
Greenwood County (southwest)
Lyon County (northwest)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
Interstate 35
U.S. Route 50
U.S. Route 75
K-31
K-58
National protected area
Flint Hills National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 8,865 people, 3,489 households, and 2,477 families residing in the county. The population density was 14 people per square mile (5/km2). There were 3,876 housing units at an average density of 6 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.95% White, 0.25% Black or African American, 0.52% Native American, 0.34% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.50% from other races, and 1.43% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.55% of the population.
There were 3,489 households, out of which 33.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.70% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.00% were non-families. 26.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.49 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 26.40% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 96.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,839, and the median income for a family was $44,912. Males had a median income of $31,356 versus $20,666 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,337. About 5.00% of families and 6.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.00% of those under age 18 and 9.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Coffey County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2004, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Lebo-Waverly USD 243
Burlington USD 244
LeRoy-Gridley USD 245 (Southern Coffey County)
Communities
Cities
Burlington
Gridley
Lebo
LeRoy
New Strawn
Waverly
Unincorporated communities
Agricola
Aliceville
Crandall
Crotty
Halls Summit
Ottumwa (ghost town)
Section
Sharpe
Townships
Coffey County is divided into fourteen townships. The city of Burlington is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Alan L. Hart (1890–1962), transgender physician, radiologist, tuberculosis researcher, writer, and novelist
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Coffey County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 69 pages; 1919.
Plat Book of Coffey County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 40 pages; 1901.
An Illustrated Historical Atlas of Coffey County, Kansas; Edwards Brothers; 44 pages; 1878.
External links
County
Coffey County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Coffey County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
The Sukhoi S-70 Okhotnik-B (), also referred to as Hunter-B, is a Russian stealth heavy unmanned combat aerial vehicle (UCAV) being developed by Sukhoi and Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG as a sixth-generation aircraft project. The drone is based on the earlier Mikoyan Skat, designed by MiG, and encompassing some technologies of the fifth-generation Sukhoi Su-57 fighter jet.
Development
The Okhotnik has been under development since at least 2011, when Sukhoi was selected by the Russian Defense Ministry to lead a programme for a new heavy unmanned reconnaissance and attack drone. The new UCAV is being jointly developed by MiG and Sukhoi, based on data of the earlier Mikoyan Skat UCAV programme. The work is carried out by the Novosibirsk Aircraft Production Association (NAPO), part of the Sukhoi company. In the documents, the drone is characterised as a "sixth-generation unmanned aerial vehicle".
The first mock-up intended for ground tests was created in 2014. Prototype of the drone was first revealed in July 2017, showing the drone's flying wing configuration.
In November 2018, the drone performed first series of taxiing, speeding and stopping tests in fully autonomous mode at a runway of the NAPO plant. During the runs, it has reached a maximum speed of 200 km/h.
On 18 January 2019, the third flyable Su-57 prototype (bort no. 053) was spotted wearing a new digital camouflage paint scheme, with digital silhouette of the Okhotnik on its top and underside and a unique marking on the vertical tail showing the shape of a UCAV flying alongside the shape of Su-57 with a lightning bolt (universally used to show electronic connectivity and data sharing) between the two. On 24 January 2019, first flyable prototype of the drone was seen towed at the NAPO plant. According to Russian officials, the Su-57 is being used as a flying laboratory for the testing of the Okhotnik's avionics systems.
In late May 2019, Okhotnik performed a series of flight tests during which the drone flew several meters above a runway of the NAPO plant.
On 3 August 2019, Okhotnik performed its maiden flight. The drone flew for about 20 minutes at an altitude of 600 meters above Chkalov State Flight Test Center in Akhtubinsk, and made several circles around the airfield. On August 7, the Russian Defence Ministry released a video of the first flight.
On 27 September 2019, Russian MoD released a video showcasing the first flight of Okhotnik alongside Su-57. Reportedly the UAV operated autonomously and flew for more than 30 minutes interacting with the Su-57 to test extending the fighter's radar and target designation range for use of long-range air-launched weapons from the outside of enemy air defenses.
On 12 February 2021, it was reported that three additional prototypes were under construction at the Novosibirsk Chkalov Aviation Plant, according to a source in the military-industrial complex. The second model is a modified copy of the 1st prototype while the 3rd and 4th prototypes will be identical to the serial production unit. The improvements will relate to the systems of onboard radio-electronic equipment and structural elements of the airframe. The three additional prototypes should be ready for flight tests in 2022 and 2023. The source in the military-industrial complex also said that the serial Hunter will receive a standard flat nozzle to further reduce their thermal and radar signature.
On 28 February 2021, it was reported that the Okhotnik will be used aboard the future Project 23900 Ivan Rogov amphibious assault ships, capable of carrying 4 Okhotnik drones, for reconnaissance and strike missions.
The second prototype was rolled out in December 2021, with a new flat jet nozzle.
Okhotnik reportedly tested unguided weapons like free-fall bombs in 2021 and carried out tests with precision-guided munitions in 2022.
Design
The Okhotnik's design is based on the flying-wing scheme and incorporates use of composite materials and stealth coatings, making the drone low-observable in flight. It has a weight of about 20 tons and a wingspan around 65 feet (20 m). The drone is powered either by a single AL-31F turbofan, as used on the Sukhoi Su-27 fighter aircraft, or by the improved AL-41F derivative installed on Su-35S fighters and Su-57 prototypes. Although the first prototype's exhaust nozzle was conventional and could increase the drone's radar signature, future upgrade could see improved exhaust as well as engine inlet as shown by a mock up at the 2019 MAKS International Aviation and Space Salon. The maximum speed of the drone is reportedly 1,000 km/h while carrying its payload internally. It is likely the Okhotnik was designed to act as a "loyal wingman" controlled by the Su-57.
The aircraft bears some visual resemblance to RQ-170. It is speculated that the Russian engineers could have had access to the one that was captured by Iranians, but similar design of flying-wing Mikoyan Skat was in development since 2005 and Okhotnik is a further development by Sukhoi of the former MiG design. The second prototype received a flat jet nozzle.
Specifications (Sukhoi S-70)
See also
References
External links
Sukhoi Design Bureau
Single-engined jet aircraft
Unmanned military aircraft of Russia
Sukhoi aircraft
Unmanned stealth aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 2019
Flying wings
Now Deh (; also known as Now Deh-e Harāzpey) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 285, in 67 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Frederiksborgvej is a major street in the North-West, Bispebjerg and Emdrup neighbourhoods of Copenhagen , Denmark. The 3 kulimetre long street runs from Frederikssundsvej in the south to the municipal border with Gladsaxe Municipality in the north where it splits into Søborg Hovedgade and Vangedevej.
History
Frederiksborgvej was part of the road that Christian IV established in circa 1620 betweenVopenhagen and Frederiksborg Castle. The road ran across Bispebjerg Hill. The land belonged to the farms in the village of Emdrup. It belonged to the parish of Brønshøj.
In 1870 the City of Copenhagen began to by up land in the area and the civil parish of Brønshøk-Husum was merged into Copenhagen in 1901. The area along the road was gradually built over with a combination of housing and industry. Glud og Marstrand occupied a large site bounded by Grederiksborgvej, Rentemestervej, Rebslagervej and Drejervej.
Notable buildings and residents
The most notable landmark along the street is Grundtvig's Church. It was inaugurated in 1940 and is designed by Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint. Bispebjerg Cemetery is located on the other side of the street. Bispebjerg Chapel has now been decommissioned and is now operated as a venue for dance under the name Dansekapellet (Chapel of Dance). The domed building was designed by Holger Jacobsen.
Bispebjerg Skole (No. 107) was built in 1911-12 to design by Carl Thorning. It was expanded by Axel Ekberg in 1931. Holbergskolen, another public primary school, is located at No. 216.
Public art
In front of the Bispeparken Housing Estate, close to the corner of Tuborgvej, stands a 2.5 m tall figurative sculpture of a snowy owl. It was created by Gunnar Westman and is from 1968. Westman is known for their animal sculptures.
References
External links
Streets in Bispebjerg
The first season of the long-running Australian outback drama McLeod's Daughters began airing on 8 August 2001 and concluded on 22 March 2002 with a total of 22 episodes. Created by Posie Graeme-Evans and Caroline Stanton, the format is produced by Millennium Television and Nine Films and Television for the Nine Network distributed by Southern Star Group.
Plot
Having spent most of their life in the city, Tess Silverman returns home when they inherit part of Drover's Run, a cattle station passed down the generations of the McLeod family, from their late father, Jack McLeod. There they meet their estranged half-sister, Claire, after twenty years of separation. Tess announces that their mother Ruth, Jack's second wife and Claire's stepmother, died recently. Claire, now in charge of the property, is placed in a desperate position when they discover their farmhands have breached their trust, as they did their father, and fires them. With the future of Drover's Run now in jeopardy, Claire enlists the help of their sister, along with the local wayward delivery girl, Becky, the housekeeper of Drover's, Meg, and Meg's spoiled daughter, Jodi. Against all odds, they form an unlikely workforce, in the hope of saving the land and the property.
Claire, at first, struggles to bond with Tess, more so when they discover Tess' secret – they plan to sell their share of the heritage and fulfil their dream of owning a café in the city, much to Claire's worry when they try to convince Tess that in doing so could spell disaster for Drover's Run.
Cast
Regular
Lisa Chappell as Claire McLeod
Bridie Carter as Tess Silverman McLeod
Jessica Napier as Becky Howard
Rachael Carpani as Jodi Fountain
Aaron Jeffery as Alex Ryan
Myles Pollard as Nick Ryan
Sonia Todd as Meg Fountain
Recurring
John Jarratt as Terry Dodge
Marshall Napier as Harry Ryan
Catherine Wilkin as Liz Ryan
Fletcher Humphrys as Brick Buchanon
Guest
John Sheerin as Brian Cronin
Rodger Corser as Peter Johnson
Carmel Johnson as Beth Martin
Ben Mortley as Alberto Borelli
Luke Ford as Craig Woodland
Episodes
Production
Following the success of the 1996 telemovie, which was intended to serve as a pilot for the series, the creators had expectations that the Nine Network would commission a subsequent series. However, Nine initially rejected any plans to pick up a series, stating that they did not believe a female-driven drama would appeal to audiences. In a further attempt to negotiate a deal, Nine decided to make a compromise to order three more telemovies, to no avail. They later accepted a deal to commission a season of 13 episodes, before expanding to 22 episodes.
The series was filmed on location in the same area as the telemovie. When Nine decided to proceed with the series, they purchased the 55-hectare property in Kingsford, South Australia in 1999, which included the decrepit 145-year-old sandstone homestead.
Reception
Ratings
On average, McLeod's Daughters received an audience of 1.51 million, and ranked #7 for its first season. The series premiere was watched by 1,890,000 viewers.
Awards and nominations
The first season of McLeod's Daughters received one win and one nomination at the 2002 Logie Awards.
Logie Award for Most Popular Australian Program – Nomination
Logie Award for Most Popular New Female Talent – Win (Lisa Chappell)
Home media
References
McLeod's Daughters seasons
2001 Australian television seasons
2002 Australian television seasons
Young Kwok Wai (born 3 September 1929) is a Hong Kong former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1968 Summer Olympics. They also competed at the 1966 and 1974 Asian Games.
References
External links
1929 births
Possibly living people
Hong Kong male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Hong Kong
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Hong Kong
In law, venire facias (Latin for "may you cause coming"), also venire facias juratores, and often shortened to venire, is a writ directing a sheriff to assemble a jury. Various types are:
venire facias ad respondendum – "a writ requiring a sheriff to summon a person against whom an indictment for a misdemeanor has been issued," now superseded by the use of warrants.
venire facias de novo, often shortened to venire de novo – a writ for summoning a new jury panel, or venire, "because of some impropriety or irregularity in the original jury return or verdict such that a judgment cannot be entered on it." This results in a trial de novo. "In substance, the writ is a motion for a new trial, but when the party objects to the verdict because of a procedural error (and not an error on the merits), the form of motion was traditionally for a venire facias de novo." For example, see the 1817 decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in Laidlaw v. Organ (15 U.S. 178): "...the judgment must be reversed, and the cause remanded to the district court of Louisiana, with direction to award a venire facire de novo" (John Marshall).
venire facias tot matronas – "a writ requiring a sheriff to summon a jury of matrons to execute a writ de ventre inspiciendo."
References
Legal documents with Latin names
Writs
Grzegorz Halama Oklasky is Polish cabaret established in 1995 in Zielona Góra by Grzegorz Halama.
Cabaret actors include Grzegorz Halama and Jarosław Jaros. Former members of this cabaret include Marcel Chyrzyński and Marek Grabie.
Awards and distinctions
1995
Grand Prix - Lato Kabaretowe "Mulatka", Ełk
I position - Przegląd Piosenki Kabaretowej OSPA
Nagroda Specjalna Programu III Polskiego Radia
Nagroda Radia Kielce
I position - Festiwal PaKA w Krakowie
II position - Festiwal Piosenki Studenckiej, Kraków
I position - Przegląd Piosenki Studenckiej TARTAK, Warszawa
1996
Award name Andrzej Waligórski - ANDRZEJ'96
1998
I position on Rybnicka Jesień Kabaretowa - Ryjek
2003
Grand Prix name professor Ludwik Sempoliński - IV Ogólnopolski Festiwal Sztuki Estradowej
2005
Award from jury - VI Festiwal Dobrego Humoru, Gdańsk
I position on Rybnicka Jesień Kabaretowa - Ryjek
External links
Official page of cabaret Grzegorz Halama Oklasky
Sources
Grzegorz Halama Oklasky at polskilimerick.com.pl
1995 establishments in Poland
Polish cabarets
My Childish Father (French: Mon gosse de père) is a 1930 French drama film directed by Jean de Limur and starring Adolphe Menjou, Roger Tréville and Alice Cocéa. It is based on the 1925 play of the same title by Léopold Marchand which was later remade in 1953 as My Childish Father.The film's sets were designed by the art director Jacques Colombier. It was one of twelve sound films produced by Pathé-Natan that year following the conversion from silent film. A separate English-Language version The Parisian was produced, also starring Menjou.
Cast
Adolphe Menjou as Jérome
Roger Tréville as Gerard
Charles Redgie as Stanley
Alice Cocéa as Yvonne
Olga Valéry as Mado
Renee Savoye as Secretary
Pauline Carton as The Concierge
André Marnay as Le petit sale
André Volbert as Julien
Marcello Spada
Nicole de Rouves
Odette Barencey
Fanny Clair
Meg Lemonnier
References
Bibliography
Crafton, Donald. The Talkies: American Cinema's Transition to Sound, 1926-1931. University of California Press, 1999.
Crisp, C.G. The Classic French Cinema, 1930-1960. Indiana University Press, 1993.
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1930 films
1930s French-language films
1930 drama films
French drama films
Films directed by Jean de Limur
French films based on plays
Films set in Paris
Pathé films
1930s French films
William Morris Jr. (1746 – 1802) was a pioneer, military officer, and politician born in Orange County, Colony of Virginia. They served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates for Kanawha County from 1792 until 1801 as a member of the Federalist Party. Morris served in Lord Dunmore's War in the Battle of Point Pleasant in 1774. They were wounded during the battle.
When the American Revolutionary War began in 1776, Morris was commissioned as a captain in the Virginia Militia where they served in the Kanawha Valley, and Greenbrier County supporting General Andrew Lewis as a spy until 1792. Captain Morris led a company of spies whose primary mission was to track hostile Indian movements who aligned with the Royalists, frontier defense, and engage in guerrilla operations. William served alongside their brother Leonard Morris, and brother-in-law John Jones between the years 1778 through 1783 who were also spies.
In March 1783, Captain William Morris commissioned John Young as a lieutenant and assigned them as a spy. Lieutenant Young's principal role was to lead troops in surveilling, engaging, and reporting on Indian movements throughout the Greenbrier and Kanawha region. Captain Morris's unit garrison was at Morris Fort (also known as Kelly's Post) from 1784 until 1786. Captain Morris was promoted to major in 1786 where they served in the Northwest Indian Wars and Whiskey Rebellion.
In the October Session of 1794, Morris was appointed as a trustee of the newly incorporated town of Charleston (now the capital city of West Virginia) along with Ruben Slaughter, Andrew Donnally Sr, William Clendenin, John Morris (brother), Leonard Morris (brother), George Alderson, Abraham Baker, and John Young.
In 1801 Morris became Sheriff of Kanawha County, Virginia replacing Leonard Morris, who served as Sheriff of Kanawha from 1798. They died the following winter in 1802.
William Morris, Jr. is the eldest son of ten children by William Morris and Elizabeth Stapp (Stipps). William Morris Sr. was born in January 1722 and emigrated from London, England at the age of 14. William Morris's brothers all served as military officers in Lord Dunmore's War, American Revolution, and the Northern Indian Wars. William Morris Jr also had a son named William Morris III, who served in the Virginia House of Delegates representing Kanawha County from 1796-1809. William Morris Jr. is the uncle of US House Representative Calvary Morris, Calvary is the son of Captain John Morris.
References
1746 births
1802 deaths
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Federalist Party politicians
Virginia militiamen in the American Revolution
People from Kanawha County, West Virginia
Virginia sheriffs
Trustees of populated places in Virginia
Yasurō, Yasuro or Yasurou (written: or ) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese academic
, Japanese Go player
Japanese masculine given names
Seo Eun-kwang (; born November 22, 1990), also simply known as Eunkwang, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, entertainer and musical actor.  They are the leader and main vocalist of the South Korean boy group BtoB.
Biography
Seo was born on November 22, 1990, in Yongin, Gyeonggi in South Korea. They graduated from Dongshin University, majoring in practical music. They have one younger brother named Seo Eun-chong.
Military service
Seo reportedly began military duty by enlisting as an active duty soldier in the military band on August 21, 2018, at the ROK army's 27th division, nicknamed the 'We Will Win' unit in Gangwon-do's Hwacheon County. In October 2018, they received first place out of the recruits in the overall results during basic training. On March 14, they were selected as ROK-SWC for receiving more than 90 points in sit-ups, push-ups, 3 km running, 10 km full combat gear marching and more.
They were discharged from the army on April 7, 2020.
Philanthropy
In 2017, Seo participated in the Donation Applause 337 Relay Campaign with another 200 entertainers and sports stars. The campaign is to share more than three donations and to send warmth to more than three friends and purchase more than 7,000 won. This resulting in Seo's 418 fans donated to the Children's Rehabilitation Hospital, a building facility who was fully funded by Seo to treat children with severe disabilities. On November 21, 2017, Seo and their fans donated ₩10 million to help children with childhood diabetes. Cube Entertainment revealed, "Eunkwang's fans wanted to do something nice for their birthday and started collecting donations for the Korea Diabetes Association, which BtoB works as ambassadors. When Eunkwang heard their fans were preparing to donate, they told the label that they wanted to participate as well and they participated in the donation and delivered the scholarship letter himself."
On April 9, 2019, while serving the military, Seo donated ₩20 million to help the affected areas of the Sokcho Fire through Hope Bridge National Disaster Relief Association.
In January 2020, Korea Heart Foundation reveals that Seo donated ₩20 million to help financially troubled heart patients at the end of 2019. In April 2020, BtoB's fan club 'Melody' donated women's hygiene products to commemorate Seo's discharge. The fan club delivered 3,201 sanitary napkins and wipes through World Human Bridge for pregnant women in vulnerable families who are suffering from COVID-19.
Career
BtoB
Seo debuted as the leader and main vocalist of Cube Entertainment's boy group BtoB on March 21, 2012, with the promotional single "Insane". The group is currently active with ten mini albums and two studio albums. Eunkwang also contributed as the lyricist in their fourth mini album, Beep Beep with the song "Melody" that is dedicated to their fans.
During their enlistment, BTOB promotions continued in their absence, with Minhyuk as the second leader and Sungjae as the third leader till their discharge.
Solo activities, acting and debut
In 2012, they released a digital single with singer Yoo Sung-eun entitled "Love Virus". A music video was uploaded to BtoB's official YouTube channel, featuring 4Minute's Nam Jihyun and singer Roh Ji-hoon.
In 2013, Seo made their musical debut as "Albert" in the musical, "Monte Cristo". They gained good responses after their performance. They also joined the cast for musical, "Bachelor's Vegetable Store" as Chul Jin-yeok.
In 2014, they became a fixed cast on tvN's variety show SNL Korea 5. They also released the song "Back In The Day" as part of the "Cube Voice Project Part 2".
In 2015, they sang the OST for the drama Mask with singer Miyu. It was entitled "I Miss You." They also joined the studio panel in the MBC variety show, and virtual marriage program, We Got Married.
In 2017–2018, Seo was active in the Korean musical theater scene. They were cast in Hamlet, Goddess is Watching You, Three Musketeers and Barnum: The Great Showman. Due to the sudden news of their enlistment, they were only able to perform 6 of the shows for Barnum: The Great Showman despite practice.
On April 25, 2020, Seo broadcast a 12 hours YouTube Live, 'Silverlight Is Back' on Btob's official channel to celebrate their discharge from the military. On May 7, 2020, it was announced that Seo would release their debut EP in June.  They are the sixth member of BtoB to debut as a solo artist. To accompany the release of the EP, Seo will release "Dear My Dear" (Hangul: 서랍; lit. "Drawer"), which served as a pre-release single for Seo's upcoming first solo mini album. Seo's first solo mini album was released on June 8, 2020, with the title "FoRest: Entrance". Its released was followed shortly with the announcement of their first solo concert. Due to the COVID-19 situation in South Korea at the time, the concert was held online.
On August 13, 2020, Seo's appointment as a member of Cube Entertainment's board of directors was revealed through the company's 2020 half term report. Seo thereby became the first artist within Cube Entertainment to reach a director position within the agency.
On October 27, 2020, Cube announced that they have formed a unit called BtoB 4U consisting of Eunkwang, Minhyuk, Changsub and Peniel. The unit debuted on November 16 with their first mini-album, Inside and title track "Show Your Love".
Discography
Extended play
Songs
Filmography
Radio show
Award and nominations
Notes
References
External links
BTOB Official website
Living people
Cube Entertainment artists
South Korean male idols
1990 births
K-pop singers
BtoB (band) members
Weekly Idol members
21st-century South Korean male singers
Korean Christians
Todd Fischer may refer to:
Todd Fischer (baseball)
Todd Fischer (golfer)
Volcano Live is a live television programme broadcast on BBC Two from 9 July 2012. The show was commissioned following the success of other "live" programmes such as Stargazing Live. Volcano Live was presented over four nights by Kate Humble and Iain Stewart from the Kīlauea volcano on Hawaii's Big Island. Comedian Ed Byrne presented segments, which attempted to discover the principles behind volcanic phenomena. Volcano Live also featured pre-recorded reports and interviews in addition to the real-time broadcast. Webcams showed volcanic activity from around the world and online features included a geothermal map of current volcanic events.
Overview
Volcano Live was commissioned following the success of Stargazing Live and Lambing Live. The controller of BBC Two, Janice Hadlow, stated "Volcano Live will offer BBC Two viewers a rare opportunity to join world-class experts at the forefront of cutting-edge volcanology research. Broadcasting live from the edge of one of the world's most active volcanoes over four days will offer a completely new and unique way of experiencing this powerful and unpredictable natural phenomenon."
Kate Humble and Professor Iain Stewart were chosen to present the live show. Stewart had not done live television before, while Humble had previously presented many shows, including Springwatch. Stewart has been studying volcanoes for twenty years and their journey to the Bay of Naples in Italy to explain about devastating eruptions was shown in the third episode. Humble traveled to Iceland a few months before the show was broadcast to get a closer look at Eyjafjallajökull and to learn about the people who study and live near to other volcanoes. A writer for the BBC's Media Centre said "As Kate embarks on a journey of discovery, geologist Iain provides context and insight and together they guide viewers through the science of volcanology." Comedian Ed Byrne presented segments on experimental volcanology and the principles behind volcanic phenomena in the University of Bristol research laboratories.
The show was broadcast live from the active Kīlauea volcano on Hawaii over four days starting from 9 July. The Media Centre writer added that Volcano Live would allow viewers to connect with the active terrain that impacts the land and lives around it. The Hawaiʻi Volcanoes National Park and scientists of the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory hosted the production. Pre-recorded footage featuring interviews with experts, expeditions of volcanologists and demonstrations was added into the real-time broadcast. Humble and Stewart operated out of a specialised motor home and used Kīlauea to help explain the science of volcanoes. Online features included a "geothermal map" of current worldwide volcanic events.
Episodes
Reception
Ratings
The first episode opened with 2.49 million viewers and had an audience share of 10.8% according to overnight data. The second episode posted a small decrease, pulling in 2.24 million viewers and an audience share of 10.2%. 167,000 people watched the episode on the BBC HD channel, attaining a 0.76% share. Episode three gained 2.04 million viewers and a 10% share.
Critical response
Ahead of the first episode airing, John Robinson from The Guardian stated "It's interesting, then, that the BBC's next live nature step should be this: wherein Kate Humble and geologist Iain Stewart attempt to sex-up vulcanology at Kilauea, Hawaii. Undoubtedly a professional job will be done, but at the ideas stage this sounds more whimper than bang." The Metro's Larushka Ivan-Zadeh and Sharon Lougher wrote "Stargazing Live, Planet Earth Live, Springwatch Live: carry on at this rate and we'll have Allotment Live, Out The Back by the Bins Live… but before then, it's a chance for a volcano to have its turn in the spotlight. That volcano is Hawaii's Kilauea, the world's most active. Kate Humble and Prof Iain Stewart are the pair risking the red-hot lava as they broadcast from the edge of the crater, while comedian Ed Byrne randomly pops up to explain more about the science. Hey, if anyone can make molten rocks fun, they can."
Writing for the Radio Times Paul Jones commented Humble was "just the job" for a show like Volcano Live, while Stewart "had Professor Brian Cox's knack of making rocks seem exciting, as well as their habit of using everyday items as props". Jones added that the only problem they had with the programme was that the molten lava rolling down the hill "exposing that cinder toffee interior", made them wonder what was for dessert. A reporter for the Shropshire Star gave the show a negative review, saying "as we sat back and anticipated the biggest and best pyrotechnic displays that nature has to offer, we were instead given a comedian armed with Mentos and diet Coke trying to figure out the difference between spurting and seepage." The reporter added "credit must be given to both presenters who worked tirelessly to inject a bit of life into the show. But unless Humble and Stewart had been propelled into the stratosphere atop a lava fountain, then there was nothing unique about this live experience that I hadn't seen before on a GCSE geography programme."
References
External links
BBC Television shows
2012 British television series debuts
2012 British television series endings
BBC high definition shows
English-language television shows
The pearl onion (Allium ampeloprasum var. sectivum or A. ampeloprasum 'Pearl-Onion Group'), also known as button, baby or silverskin onions in the UK, is a close relative of the leek (A. ampeloprasum var. porrum), and may be distinguished from common onions by having only a single storage leaf, similar to cloves of garlic. In French they are known as oignon grelot. One English-speaking reference also mentions the term petit poireau antillais.
Cultivation and storage
Pearl onions are cultivated mostly in Germany, the Netherlands, and Italy, usually in home gardens, although formerly on a commercial scale. They are mostly used for pickling.
The majority of onions grown for pickling are common onions (A. cepa). They are grown to a small size suitable for pickling by planting at a high density.
Known small white varieties include Crystal Wax, or White Bermuda. Red varieties are milder in flavour.
Pearl onions are ready to harvest from seed in 90 days. They can be stored for up to a month in a cool, dry, dark place.
Consumption
Because of its uniquely small size and a taste sweeter than that of a common onion, it has also been used in dishes ranging from mid-20th-century American casserole dishes such as succotash to sweetly flavored onion relishes in Indian cuisine. It can also be used in stews soups or sautéed (fried) with other vegetables. It can also be used in cocktails such as "martini standing".
Pearl onions are a staple to the cuisine of Northern Europe. Also in modern Europe they are used as a beautiful flowering plant and in Israel as a cut flower.
Pearl onions contain chemical compounds that have health benefits including helping cardiovascular health and stabilize blood sugar levels, and acting as an antioxidant and anti-inflammatory.
Cultural references
Larry Wall's yearly serious State of the Onion speeches about advancements in Perl programming, an allusion to the many layers of the language, are named as a pun both on the pearl onion and the US presidents' State of the Union addresses.
References
Onions
Food plant cultivars
David Wesley Finney (22 August 1839 – 1 November 1916) was an American politician. Between 1881 and 1885 they served as Lieutenant Governor of Kansas.
Life
David Finney was born in Annapolis, Indiana and grew up on a farm. During the American Civil War they served between 1862 and 1865 in the Union Army. In 1863 they were captured by Confederate Soldiers and for two months they were arrested in the Libby Prison. After a change of prisoners they were released and returned to the Union Army. In 1864 they belonged to the troops of General William Tecumseh Sherman that were on their March through the South (Sherman's March to the Sea).
In 1866 Finney arrived in Neosho Falls, Kansas where they were engaged in the grocery and hardware business as well as in selling and buying stock. They joined the Republican Party and became a Member of the Kansas House of Representatives. Between 1872 and 1880 they held a seat in the Kansas Senate, where they were the chairperson of a committee to reform the education system. In their home town they functioned as Justice of Peace.
In 1880 David Finney was elected to the office of the Lieutenant Governor of Kansas. After a re-election in 1882 they served two terms between 10 January 1881 and 12 January 1885 when their second term ended. In this function they were the deputy of Governor John St. John (first term) and of Governor George Washington Glick (second term). Finney was also a member of the Grand Army of the Republic where they held the rank of a Quartermaster. Since 1869 they were married with Helen H. McConnell. The couple had two children. David Finney died on 1 November 1916 in Emporia, Kansas.
External links
The Political Graveyard
The Lieutenant-Governors of Kansas
1839 births
1916 deaths
People from Woodson County, Kansas
People from Parke County, Indiana
People of Indiana in the American Civil War
Businesspeople from Kansas
Members of the Kansas House of Representatives
Kansas state senators
Lieutenant Governors of Kansas
Kansas Republicans
Union Army personnel
19th-century American businesspeople
Grand Army of the Republic officials
Arthur Finger (18 January 1898 – 27 January 1945) was a German general (Generalmajor) in the Wehrmacht during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. Finger was killed on 27 January 1945 near Tschenstochau, Poland during the Soviet Vistula–Oder Offensive.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 16 November 1943 as Oberst and commander of Artillerie-Regiment 306
References
Citations
Bibliography
1898 births
1945 deaths
Major generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
German police officers
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
People from West Prussia
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
German military personnel killed in World War II
People from Toruń
Korak may refer to:
Korak people, indigenous people of Siberia
Korak (character) – the son of Tarzan
Korak, Semnan, Iran
Korak, Nepal
Korak, Pakistan
See also
Karak (disambiguation)
Korah
Tracy Jo Barker (née Miller) (born December 10, 1957) is an American herpetologist specializing in pythons.
Barker grew up in Washington, D.C., as the daughter of J. Jefferson Miller who was Curator of ceramics and glass at the Smithsonian Institution. After an undergraduate degree in psychology at the University of Colorado, they graduated in biology at the Central Michigan University. They also worked as a reptile keeper at Buffalo Zoological Gardens. Already in their early years, they specialized in herpetology and focused on animal behavior. They worked as a field biologist for repopulating Green Iguanas in Panama and studied the reproductive behavior of Tuatara on Stephens Island in New Zealand.
In 1990 they and their husband, biologist David G. Barker, founded Vida Preciosa International, Inc. (VPI), an enterprise dedicated to the research necessary to establish self-sustaining captive populations of pythons and boas. This facility became one of the largest and most diverse collection of pythons in the world; in 1997, the Barkers and their work at VPI were featured in a National Geographic Television documentary titled “Passion for Pythons”. They managed to reproduce 32 of the 52 recognized taxa of pythons. Among them, the first ever reproduction of 12 taxa.
Barker has written numerous papers in scientific journals as well as dozens of popular publications. In 1979, Barker described a new species of python Python saxuloides, which is currently regarded as a slightly distinct Kenyan population of the later re-erected Python natalensis. One of their five books, Pythons of the World, Volume 2: Ball Pythons, was certified as “The Best Animal Book of 2006” by the Independent Publisher Book Awards.
In 2000 a new species of python, Morelia tracyae, was named in their honor.
Books
Pythons of the World, Volume 3: The Pythons of Asia and the Malay Archipelago. with David G. Barker and Mark Auliya. VPI Library, Boerne, Texas, 2018. 371 pp.
The Invisible Ark – In Defense of Captivity. with David G. Barker. VPI Library, Boerne, Texas, 2014. 169 pp.
Pythons of the World, Volume 2: Ball Pythons: The History, Natural History, Care and Breeding. with David G. Barker. VPI Library, Boerne, Texas, 2006. 321pp.
Pythons of the World, Volume 1, Australia. with David G. Barker. The Herpetocultural Library, Advanced Vivarium Systems, Lakeside, California, 1994. 171 pp.
The Ball Python Manual. with Philippe de Vosjoli, Roger Klingenberg and David G. Barker. The Herpetocultural Library, Advanced Vivarium Systems, Lakeside, California, 1994. 76 pp.
References
American herpetologists
Women herpetologists
1957 births
Living people
Scientists from Washington, D.C.
20th-century American zoologists
20th-century American women scientists
21st-century American zoologists
21st-century American women scientists
Forg () may refer to:
Forg District in Fars Province, Iran
Forg Rural District in Forg District, Fars Province, Iran
Förg may refer to:
Günther Förg (1952 – 2013), German painter, graphic designer, sculptor and photographer
FORG may refer to:
The ticker symbol of ForgeRock
Hedgehogfjellet is a mountain in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a height of 615 m.a.s.l. The mountain is situated south of Tvillingtoppen, between the sea and the glacier of Hedgehogfonna.
The lagoon of Davislaguna is located at the foot of Hedgehogfjellet and Tvillingtoppen.
References
Mountains of Spitsbergen
Loreto de Franchis or Loreto di Franco (1578–1638) was a Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Minori (1636–1638)
and Bishop of Capri (1634–1636).
Biography
Loreto de Franchis was born in Castel di Sangro, Italy in 1578 and ordained a priest in 1604.
On 22 March 1634, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Capri.
On 26 March 1634, they were consecrated bishop by Francesco Maria Brancaccio, Bishop of Capaccio, Fausto Caffarelli, Archbishop of Santa Severina, with Giovanni Battista Altieri, Bishop Emeritus of Camerino, serving as co-consecrators.
On 1 December 1636, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Urban VIII as Bishop of Minori.
They served as Bishop of Minori until their death in 1638.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Urban VIII
1578 births
1638 deaths
People from Castel di Sangro
The Nicaraguan grackle (Quiscalus nicaraguensis) is a species of passerine bird belonging to the genus Quiscalus, a genus of grackles in the New World blackbird family, Icteridae. It is found only in Nicaragua and northernmost Costa Rica.
Description
It is a medium-sized bird with a long, graduated tail and fairly long bill and legs. The bill and legs are black and the eye is pale yellow. The male is about 31 cm long while the female is 25 cm. The adult male's plumage is entirely black with an iridescent gloss. The gloss is violet on the belly and tail, violet-green on the head, back, and breast, and blue-green on most of the wings. The tail of the male is V-shaped, rising from the centre to the outer feathers. Immature males are duller and less glossy than the adults, with a brown belly and thighs. The female is brown above with a pale supercilium (the stripe over the eye), made more obvious by the dark lores and ear coverts. The thighs, flanks, and undertail coverts are dark brown, while the rest of the underparts are buff, the darkest on the upper breast, and paler on the throat and belly.
The similar great-tailed grackle (Quiscalus mexicanus) overlaps with it in range, but is larger, with a longer tail and larger bill. The male has a less green gloss than the Nicaraguan grackle, while the female is darker below and has a less obvious supercilium.
The Nicaraguan grackle has a variety of calls, including a frequent nasal call, various whistling notes, and a sharp, rising whine. The song is a series of whistles, which increase in speed and frequency.
Distribution and habitat
It is restricted to western Nicaragua and northern Costa Rica. It mainly occurs in the vicinity of Lake Nicaragua and Lake Managua, but its range has expanded a little due to the clearance of forest and creation of pastures by man. It may be a fairly recent arrival in Costa Rica, where it is found in the Caño Negro area along the Río Frio. It is not migratory, but makes some local movements in response to seasons and changes in water level.
It nests only in marshland, but forages in scrubland, wet pastures, and along lake shores and riverbanks.
Behaviour
It feeds in small groups, foraging on the ground for seeds and insects. It turns over stones or debris to look for food underneath, and often forages on or around cattle.
It nests in small colonies in bushes or trees or among marsh vegetation such as sedges. The well-hidden nest is cup-shaped and made from grass and sedge leaves and roots. Two or three eggs are laid; they are blue with dark markings concentrated at the larger end. Only the female incubates the eggs, but both sexes are involved in feeding the young.
References
Garrigues, Richard & Dean, Robert (2007) Birds of Costa Rica, Christopher Helm, London.
Jaramillo, Alvaro & Burke, Peter (1999) New World Blackbirds: the Icterids, Christopher Helm, London.
Ridgely, Robert S. & Gwynne, John A., Jr. (1989) A Guide to the Birds of Panama with Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Honduras, Princeton University Press.
External links
Xeno-canto: recording of Nicaraguan grackle calls
Photo of Nicaraguan grackle
Quiscalus
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds described in 1891
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
