An Independent Review Committee (IRC) is a special committee that is required to be part of the governance structure of every investment fund that is offered to the public in Canada. IRCs are currently unique to the investment fund business in Canada, as other countries have dealt with the inherent conflict of interest involved in running public investment funds in different ways. For example, in the United States of America, mutual funds have been required to have independent directors ever since 1935.
In Canada, a securities regulation called National Instrument 81-107 Independent Review Committees for Investment Funds (the Instrument) requires every public investment fund to have a fully independent body, called an Independent Review Committee, whose role is to oversee all decisions involving an actual or perceived conflict of interest faced by the fund manager in the operation of the fund. The Instrument sets out an independent oversight regime for all publicly offered investment funds that is intended to improve investment fund governance in Canada.
The International Organization of Securities Commissions defines investment fund governance as a framework for the organization and operation of investment funds that seeks to ensure that funds are organized and operated in the interests of fund investors, and not in the interests of fund insiders.
Improving fund governance has been a priority for Canadian securities regulators for several years. The process began in the 1990s with a debate over the need for independent boards for mutual funds and increased regulatory standards for fund managers. In 1999, the Canadian Securities Administrators retained Stephen Erlichman to provide a summary of the discussion on governance in Canada and abroad and to make specific recommendations to improve fund governance. Their report, entitled "Making it Mutual: Aligning the Interests of Investors and Managers: Recommendations for a Mutual Fund Governance Regime in Canada," was released in June 2000.
On March 1, 2002, the CSA released Concept Proposal 81-402 ("Striking a New Balance: A Framework for Regulating Mutual Funds and their Managers"), setting out the CSA's vision for a renewed framework for regulating mutual funds and fund managers based on five pillars: registration of mutual fund managers (now NI 31-103), mutual fund governance, product regulation, disclosure and investor rights and regulatory presence.
After public consultation, the CSA published the Instrument in final form on July 28, 2006 and it came into force in 2007.
The manager must abide by the decision of the IRC on those matters that require its approval (subject to a manager's overriding right to seek "exemptive relief" from its regulator). A manager must consider the recommendation of the IRC in respect of other conflict of interest matters, but may disregard the recommendation of the IRC, after such consideration
In March 2007, the CSA published an FAQ on the Instrument entitled "CSA Staff Notice FAQs on 81-107: NI - 81-107 - Independent Review Committee for Investment Funds".
References
External links
The Instrument itself (consolidated)
Law of Canada
Jacki Apple (1941-2022) was an American artist, writer, composer, producer and educator based in New York City. They worked in multiple disciplines such as performance art and installation art. As well as art making, Apple was also a writer, penning around 200 reviews and critical essays on topics such as performance art, media arts, installation art and dance. Them writing has appeared in publications such as Performing Arts Journal, Public Art Review and The Drama Review.
Early career
As a fashion designer they worked mainly with the effects of disguise on other people, or in relation to herself. “Transfers/Exchanges” (exploring [Freud's idea of] the four people in every relationship between 's self as defined by others' perceptions.) Soliciting opinions about their appearance from others and documenting them evolved into a new form of self-portrait.
Artworks
Them work deals with memory, history, and the interface between nature and culture, the relationship between matter and consciousness, and historical, biological, and geological time, as well as political and social issues. Loss, disappearances, and dislocations are often underlying themes.
The interdisciplinary performance The Amazon, The Mekong, The Missouri and the Nile (1985), a discourse on the nature of colonialism was conceived by artist/writer Jacki Apple, choreographer Mary Jane Eisenberg, and composer/musician Bruce Fowler.
Since 1990 they explored subjects such as species extinction (The Culture of Disappearance ) and natural disasters (You Don't Need A Weatherman). Archaeology, paleontology, theoretical and astrophysics, earth sciences, and the politics of culture, music and dance have been influential sources. (1). Apple chose physicist David Bohm's Wholeness and the Implicate Order upon which to base their performance spectacle Fluctuations of the Field., “and it is nothing less than a demonstration, in the language of avant-garde performance, of the nature of reality in both its physical and social manifestations.”
Audio and radio
Apple worked on inserting the artist's voice into mass media as well as creating works for installations and performances. Them text/sound/music audio and radio works consist of layered intersecting textual and sonic narratives, and have been broadcast worldwide. They have approached aural space as a multi-dimensional place equivalent to three-dimensional visual space, and radio as a performance space. They create hybrid forms—talking pictures, orchestrated texts and sonic architecture, to create a perceptual shift and transport the listener to someplace unexpected. The recording studio has been their compositional instrument, and they view producing as a compositional art form.
Works commissioned by New Radio and Performing Arts for New America Radio include the collaborative six-part radio series Redefining Democracy in America 1991–92. In Parts 1, 2, & 3: Episodes in Black and White(1991) Apple and collaborating writer/performers Linda Albertano, Keith Antar Mason, and Akilah Nayo Oliver explored issues of race, sex, money, power, drugs, family, children, violence, language and censorship, and raised questions about who speaks, who is listened to, who is heard, who is silenced. Parts 4 & 5: The Voices of America 1992 produced with KPFK-FM, Los Angeles, posed the questions "What would you say to your fellow citizens if you were running for president? What should we aspire to and how should we get there?" providing a forum for Americans across the political and cultural spectrum to speak to fellow listeners. In Part 6: A Leap of Faith (1992) with writer, performer Keith Antar Mason, a white American woman and an African-American man born in America in the middle of the twentieth century on opposite sides of the dividing line, take an imaginary journey through time.
1989 Swan Lake
1991 The Culture of Disappearance
1991 Voices in the Dark
1997 You Don't Need A Weatherman
Co-produced by sound artist Jacki Apple and Julie Adler, the annual EARJAM new music festival was an eclectic sonic cavalcade featuring around thirty local musicians in the adventurous jazz, contemporary and experimental realms from 2000 to 2004 at Side Street Live, the Armory Northwest, and REDCAT in Los Angeles. The diverse programs included instrumentalists, vocalists, and improvisers, acoustics and electronics, solos and duets. Each of two sets ended in “jams” adding to the collective whole.
Discography
1978 Black Holes/Blue Sky Dreams, Airwaves, 110 Records, N.Y. LP
1980 The Mexican Tapes, LP, 110 Records, New York
1983 Idaho (Free Fire Zone) High Performance #23, Astro Artz, L.A. LP
1983 The Garden Planet Revisited (excerpts) Live to Air, Audio Arts, London
1992 Episodes in Black & White Part 1 (compilation/excerpt) SiteLess Sound Tellus #25, Harvestworks, N.Y. CD
1993 "Voices in the Dark” Radius # 2, Nonsequitur (record label), Albuquerque, N.M. CD
1995 Thank You For Flying American, Stories and songs 1980-1992, retrospective CD, Cactus/Chronic Interactive, Los Angeles
1995 ghost.dances\on the event horizon, CD, Cactus/Chronic Interactive, Los Angeles
1996 “A Leap of Faith” (excerpt) Voice Tears, The Drama Review, NYC
1998 You Don't Need A Weatherman (excerpt), RAS 3, Centro de Creacion Experimental Taller de Sonido, Cuenca, Spain
Awards and recognition
2012 College Art Association recipient Distinguished Teaching of Art Award
Durfee Foundation Visual Arts Grant 2008, 2003
Art Center College of Design Faculty Enrichment Grant 2014, 2007, 2001
L.A. Dept. of Cultural Affairs, Public Arts Commissions 2001, 2000, 1999, 1997
California Arts Council Artists Fellowship New Genres 1996
National Endowment for the Arts Inter-Arts grant 1991-92
Los Angeles Cultural Affairs Media Arts grant 1990
VESTA Award in Media Arts 1990
Santa Monica Arts Commission Grant 1989
National/State/County Partnership project grant 1987, 1989
National Endowment for the Arts Inter-Arts grant 1984, 1992
New York State Council on the Arts Multimedia grant 1981
National Endowment for the Arts Visual Arts Fellowship 1981,1979
NEA Museum Program project grant 1980
ZBS Foundation Residency Grant 1978
References
External links
Guide to the Jacki Apple Papers 1984-2000
Julie Adler by Jackie Apple
Living people
American women performance artists
American performance artists
American women installation artists
American installation artists
Art Center College of Design faculty
Artists from Pasadena, California
Feminist artists
Parsons School of Design alumni
20th-century American women artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women artists
American women academics
Heinrich August Georg Schiøtt (17 December 1823 – 25 June 1895) was a Danish portrait painter.
Biography
August Schiøtt was born in Helsingør, Denmark. They were the son of Heinrich Erpecum Schiøtt and Anna Sophie Marie Fleron.
Their father was a customs official. After their confirmation, they were sent to school in Copenhagen where they later entered the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts and had an undistinguished academic record. For a short time, they were a private student of Christoffer Wilhelm Eckersberg. Their first portrait (of a child) was created in 1844, two years before their graduation. After that, they painted six to eight portraits every year.
Altogether, they presented over 150 portraits at the Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition, including several of the Royal Family: Caroline Amalie of Augustenburg (three times), Prince Ferdinand, Princess Caroline and Prince (later King) Christian. In addition to these portraits, their most notable include those of Baron , who was the grandfather-in-law of Karen Blixen, General Gerhard Christoph von Krogh, and the history painter J.L. Lund.
They were married in 1850, to Betty Augusta Ultima Søth (1820-1853), but they wife died three years later, after they returned from an Academy supported study trip to France, England and Italy. In 1854, they were named a member of the Academy. They remarried in 1855, to Mariane Ogilvie (1836-1857) and, in 1866, became a titular professor.
In 1872, they received ""; a grant for composers, writers and artists. This enabled them to visit Southern Europe, Egypt and Palestine where they made numerous sketches of people and landscapes.
In addition to their portraits, they created numerous figure compositions, such as King Wermund with their son Offa, Christ at Gethsemane and genre scenes of peasant life.
They were awarded the Order of the Dannebrog in 1880. They died at Hellebæk in 1895 and was buried at Garrison Cemetery, Copenhagen.
One of their children, Elisabeth Schiøtt (1856-1893), studied with P.S. Krøyer and Laurits Tuxen and became a landscape painter. In 1938, an auction of their and their daughter's remaining works was held at the Academy and the proceeds were used to establish a scholarship.
References
External links
ArtNet: More works by Schiøtt.
1823 births
1895 deaths
19th-century Danish painters
Danish male painters
Danish portrait painters
People from Helsingør
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts faculty
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Burials at the Garrison Cemetery, Copenhagen
19th-century Danish male artists
Franklin Virtual High School (or FVHS) is a private online high school located in Tallahassee, Florida. It was established in 2010 and provides its entire academic program online only (virtual campus).
Description
Franklin Virtual High School provides programs and services that are designed for both teenage and adult students. Programs of study, which are offered via distance learning, include a complete high school curriculum.
Accreditation
FVHS is accredited by AdvancED and is registered with the Florida Board of Education School Choice for Private Education database.
Mission
Provide quality, flexible, cost-effective education options to help students achieve their personal, educational and career goals.
References
External links
Official site
2010 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 2010
Online schools in the United States
Private schools in Florida
Schools in Tallahassee, Florida
A constitutional referendum was held in Liberia on 4 April 1972. The changes to the constitution would lower the voting age from 21 to 18, and had been announced by President William Tolbert shortly after taking office. On 15 February the date of the referendum was set to coincide with a by-election for the Vice Presidency. The change required a two-thirds majority in favour, and was approved by voters.
References
1972 referendums
1972 in Liberia
Referendums in Liberia
Constitutional referendums in Liberia
April 1972 events in Africa
Lepidodactylus moestus is a species of gecko. It is found in the Marshall Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, and Palau.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1867
Taxa named by Wilhelm Peters
Carpolestidae is a family of primate-like Plesiadapiformes that were prevalent in North America and Asia from the mid Paleocene through the early Eocene. Typically, they are characterized by two large upper posterior premolars and one large lower posterior premolar. They weighed about 20-150g, and were about the size of a mouse. Though they come from the order, Plesiadapiformes, that may have given rise to the primate order, carpolestids are too specialized and derived to be ancestors of primates.
Historically, the almost twenty species included within the family were thought to have given rise to each other over time in a linear and straightforward manner. Still today it is widely assumed that Elphidotarsius from the mid to late Paleocene gave rise to Carpodaptes which lived in the late Paleocene and subsequently gave rise to Carpolestes from the early Eocene. As a result, they have been used as biostratigraphic indicators in a variety of paleontological digs. However, the phylogenetic picture has been complicated by the discovery in Asia of both ancestral and derived carpolestids in the same stratigraphic layer.
References
Fleagle, J. G. 2013. Primate Adaptation and Evolution. San Diego, Academic Press.
Mikko's Phylogeny Archive
Plesiadapiformes
Paleocene first appearances
Prehistoric mammal families
Cotton is the nickname of:
Cotton Davidson (born 1931), American National Football League (NFL) quarterback for the Baltimore Colts
Cotton Fitzsimmons (1931–2004), American college and NBA basketball coach
Cotton Ivy (1930–2021), American humorist, comedian and entertainer who served in the Tennessee House of Representatives
Cotton Knaupp (1889–1967), American Major League Baseball (MLB) shortstop
Cotton Minahan (1882–1958), American MLB pitcher, and track and field athlete who competed at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris
Cotton Nash (born 1942), American MLB outfielder and National Basketball Association (NBA) forward
Cotton Owens (1924–2012), American NASCAR driver
Cotton Pippen (1911–1981), American MLB pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals (1936), Philadelphia Athletics (1939), and Detroit Tigers (1939–40)
Cotton Priddy (1928–1956), American NASCAR Grand National race car driver from Louisville, Kentucky
Cotton Speyrer (born 1949), American NFL wide receiver for the Baltimore Colts and the Miami Dolphins
Cotton Tierney (1894–1953), American MLB second baseman and third baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Philadelphia Phillies, Boston Braves, and Brooklyn Robins
Cotton Warburton (1911–1982), American film and television editor with sixty feature film credits with Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios (MGM)
See also
Cotton (surname) people with surname
Lists of people by nickname
The División de Honor Femenina 2011–12 was the 55th season of women's handball top flight in Spain since its establishment. Season began 10 September 2011 and finished 12 May 2012. Fourteen teams took part in the competition, with BM Gijón, CB Kukullaga and CB Porriño replacing CP Goya Almería, CBF Monóvar and AD Sagardía.
SD Itxako won every match but one to lift its fourth championship in a row with a 5 points advantage over runner-up BM Bera Bera, which also qualified for the Champions League. BM Sagunto, BM Alcobendas and CB Mar Alicante followed in European positions while newly promoted Gijón and Kukullaga were relegated as the two bottom teams.
Financial strain led to major changes following the end of the season. 4-times champion CBF Elda asked to be relegated to the third tier on 18 June, Itxako renounced to its place in the Champions League three days later, and Mar Alicante also renounced to its European place on 9 July. Two days later BM Murcia became the second team relegated for financial reasons.
Teams
Alcobendas
Bera Bera
Castro Urdiales
Elche
Elda
Gijón
Itxako
Kukullaga
León
Mar Alicante
Murcia
Porriño
Remudas
Sagunto
Standings
Statistics
Top goalscorers
References
External links
2011–12 season at RFEBM.net
División de Honor Femenina de Balonmano seasons
ABF
Spa
2011 in women's handball
2012 in women's handball
The 1988 Hong Kong Masters was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament held in August 1988 at the Queen Elizabeth Stadium in Hong Kong. Eight professional players and eight local amateur players participated. Jimmy White won the title, defeating Neal Foulds 6–3 in the final.
The highest of the tournament was 118 by Jimmy White.
Prize Fund
The tournament was sponsored by UK industrial group Lep. Prize money was awarded as follows:
Winner: £28,751
Runner-up: £10,714
Semi-final: £7,143
Quarter-final: £3,571
Highest break: £2,714
Main draw
References
1988 in snooker
1988 in Hong Kong sport
Sport in Hong Kong
On October 20, 1977, a Convair CV-240 passenger aircraft ran out of fuel and crashed in a wooded area near Gillsburg, Mississippi, United States. Chartered by the rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd from L & J Company of Addison, Texas, it flew from Greenville, South Carolina, to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, crashing near its destination.
Lead vocalist/founding member Ronnie Van Zant, guitarist and vocalist Steve Gaines, backing vocalist Cassie Gaines (Steve's older sister), assistant road manager Dean Kilpatrick, Captain Walter McCreary and First Officer William Gray all died as a result of the crash while twenty others survived. The tragedy abruptly halted Lynyrd Skynyrd's career until Van Zant's brother Johnny reformed the band ten years later.
Crash
On October 20, 1977, three days after releasing their album Street Survivors, Lynyrd Skynyrd performed at the Greenville Memorial Auditorium in Greenville, South Carolina, and boarded a Convair CV-240 airplane to take them to Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where they were to perform at Louisiana State University. The plane ran out of fuel near the end of the flight.
Upon realizing that the plane had insufficient fuel, the pilots attempted to navigate to McComb Airport, about northeast of the eventual crash site in Amite County, Mississippi, but soon realized that the plane would not make it. As a last resort, they attempted an emergency landing in an open field about from where the plane eventually went down. Despite their efforts, at approximately 6:52 pm the plane skimmed about along the top of the tree line before smashing into a large tree and splitting into pieces near Gillsburg, Mississippi.
Early in the flight, witnesses recall that lead vocalist Ronnie Van Zant was lying on the floor with a pillow, having been up most of the previous night and being in need of sleep. Several other passengers passed the time by playing cards. At some point the passengers became aware that something was wrong, and drummer Artimus Pyle recalls entering the flight deck and being told by the terrified captain, Walter McCreary, to go back and strap themselves in. With the gravity of the situation clear, the passengers sat in silence, some praying. Guitarist Gary Rossington recalls hearing what sounded like hundreds of baseball bats hitting the plane's fuselage as it began striking trees. The sound got louder and louder until Rossington was knocked unconscious; they awoke some time later on the ground with the plane's door on top of him.
Keyboard player Billy Powell's nose was nearly torn off in the crash as they suffered severe facial lacerations and deep lacerations to their right leg. Decades later, they gave an account of the flight's final moments on a VH1 Behind The Music special, stating that Van Zant, who was not wearing a seat belt, was thrown violently from their seat and died immediately when their head hit a tree as the plane broke apart. Some elements of Powell's version of the events, however, have been disputed by both drummer Pyle and Van Zant's widow Judy Van Zant Jenness, who posted the autopsy reports on the band's web site in early 1998, while confirming other aspects of Powell's account. Pyle suffered broken ribs but managed to leave the crash site and notify a nearby resident.
Van Zant, guitarist/vocalist Steve Gaines, backing vocalist Cassie Gaines, assistant road manager Dean Kilpatrick, Captain McCreary, and First Officer William Gray all died in the crash. Most of the survivors had been seated toward the back of the plane. The survivors, all of whom were seriously injured, were transported to different hospitals for treatment and were not immediately aware of the fatalities. Rossington, for instance, was not informed until days later by their mother in the hospital that Van Zant had been killed.
Cassie Gaines had been so fearful of flying in the Convair that they had preferred to travel in the band's cramped equipment truck instead, but Van Zant convinced them to board the plane on October 20. Another member of the band's trio of back-up singers (collectively known as the "Honkettes"), JoJo Billingsley, was not on the plane as they were under a doctor's care in Senatobia, Mississippi, dealing with health problems brought about by substance abuse. Billingsley planned on re-joining the tour in Little Rock, Arkansas, on October 23. They reported dreaming of the plane crash and begging guitarist and founding member Allen Collins by telephone not to continue using the Convair. The band's ex-guitarist, Ed King, said later that they "always knew it wasn't gonna end well" for the band due to their penchant for drinking and brawling, but they could never have envisioned it ending the way it did, and recalls being overcome with sadness upon learning of the crash.
It was later discovered that the very same aircraft had earlier been inspected by members of Aerosmith's flight crew for possible use in their Draw the Line tour, but it was rejected because it was felt that neither the plane nor the crew were up to standard. Aerosmith's assistant chief of flight operations, Zunk Buker, told of observing pilots McCreary and Gray sharing a bottle of Jack Daniel's while they and their father inspected the plane. Aerosmith's touring family were quite shaken after receiving word of the crash, as Steven Tyler and Joe Perry had pressured their management into renting that specific plane for use on their tour.
The doomed flight of October 20, 1977, was intended to be the last Lynyrd Skynyrd would make on the Convair. "We were flying in a plane that looked like it belonged to the Clampett family," said Pyle, and the band had decided that their status as one of the world's top rock acts warranted an upgrade. The band had planned on acquiring a Learjet after arriving in Baton Rouge, to replace the 30-year-old plane, which all in the band's circle agreed was well past its prime.
Rescue
Rescuers had to cross a 20-foot-wide (6 meters), waist-deep creek and dig through an overgrown forest, while digging out rescue vehicles that got stuck in the mud. Locals worked with rescue officials and drove victims to the hospital in the back of pick-up trucks. One local resident recalled, "I found someone on the ground alive. When I walked to the other side of the plane, I tripped on another person." Another resident commended the actions of all those who helped, and highlighted that, "Some of them were out on that highway directing traffic. Some of them went home and got tractors. My wife was home on a CB radio. I'm relaying messages on CB to her, ten miles away."
Cause
After the accident, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) removed, inspected, and tested the right engine's ignition magneto and found it to be operating normally, concluding, "No mechanical or electrical discrepancies were found during the examination of the right magneto." The inspection also determined that, "All of the fuel cross-feed and fuel dump valves were in the closed position."
Billy Powell, among others, spoke of seeing flames shooting out of the plane's right engine during a flight just days before the crash. The subsequent report by the NTSB listed "an engine malfunction of undetermined nature" in that same engine as a contributing factor in the crash. Pyle told Howard Stern years later in an interview that the fuel gauge in the older-model plane was known to malfunction and the pilots had neglected to check the tanks manually before taking off. Toxicology reports from both pilots' autopsies found no traces of alcohol or other drugs. "Crew inattention to fuel supply" was ultimately determined to be responsible for the crash.
The accident report records that the aircraft was both owned and operated by L & J Company, but the lease to Lynyrd Skynyrd's production company specified that Lynyrd Skynyrd was the operator and therefore was responsible for regulatory compliance (including managing the flight crew). The flight crew were employed by a third party, and the lease period was three weeks. The report records the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as taking legal action against L & J Company in relation to the operator responsibility, and the analysis section concludes by asking, "How does the system in such a case protect a lessee who is uninformed either by design, by inadvertence, or by their own carelessness?"
Legacy
The band's record label MCA replaced the album cover of the Street Survivors album, as it showed the band surrounded by flames. The site of the crash has become a memorial for fans, rescuers and survivors, with an oak tree that has been carved with Lynyrd Skynyrd iconography, while the site was also the location of a fortieth anniversary memorial by survivors and rescuers.
In 2017, surviving members of the band and family of those who died in the crash filed a lawsuit to block production and distribution of a film entitled Street Survivors: The True Story of the Lynyrd Skynyrd Plane Crash. The dispute stemmed from a "blood oath" by survivors, reportedly taken after the crash, never to use the name Lynyrd Skynyrd again in an effort not to capitalize on the tragedy that had befallen them. The film premiered at the Hollywood Reel Independent Film Festival on February 18, 2020.
See also
List of music group fatalities from aviation accidents
References
Further reading
External links
Official Lynyrd Skynyrd website
US NTSB Report on Plane Crash
Check-Six.com – Lynyrd Skynyrd's Crash – includes full crew and passenger list
Official Lynyrd Skynyrd History site
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 1977
Aviation accidents and incidents in Mississippi
Accidents and incidents involving the Convair CV-240 family
Amite County, Mississippi
Lynyrd Skynyrd
1977 in Mississippi
October 1977 events in the United States
Byron Black and Wayne Ferreira were the defending champions, but Black did not compete this year. Ferreira teamed up with Kevin Ullyett and lost in the semifinals to tournament runner-ups Jan-Michael Gambill and Scott Humphries.
Paul Kilderry and Sandon Stolle won the title by walkover, as Gambill was injured during the singles final due to knee and ankle sprains.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (ATP)
Official results archive (ITF)
Los Angeles Open (tennis)
2000 ATP Tour
Desire Caught by the Tail is a farcical play written by the painter Pablo Picasso.
History
In the winter of 1941, soon after the Germans had occupied Paris, Picasso while ill spent three days writing a play. Written in French, the piece was entitled Le Désir attrapé par la queue, which translates literally to "Desire Caught by the Tail." However, it was not until 1944 that it had its first audience when it was given a reading in the Paris apartment of Michel Leiris. There the parts were read by such local literati as Simone de Beauvoir, Jean-Paul Sartre, Valentine Hugo, Raymond Queneau and Picasso himself. Albert Camus directed the piece.
The Living Theatre made the play a part of their first critical success, when three poetic plays were staged at the same time. It was called An Evening of Bohemian Theatre at the Cherry Lane Theatre in Greenwich Village, 2 March 1952, and also included plays by Gertrude Stein and T.S. Eliot. In June, 1959, Lorees Yerby Dutton directed a version of the play at the Coffee House Positano in Malibu, California. It premiered as a full staged production in 1967, in St. Tropez, France. The show, which was rumored (falsely) to have actors urinating on stage, was protested despite the town's generally tolerant reputation. The central prop was a large black box, which served as a bathtub, a coffin and a bed. In November 1969, an off-Broadway production, simply titled "Desire...," was briefly presented at Theatre East in New York City, featuring a young actor billed as Mike Stallone in the role of "Big Foot" prior to their stardom as Sylvester Stallone. Desire Caught by the Tail was restaged in 1984 (with David Hockney acting) by the Guggenheim Museum. It has been rarely produced since.
Description
Described as "surrealistic" and "simply weird," the play is rarely produced due to sheer incomprehensibility. There is no plot to speak of. The play has abstractly named characters: besides the protagonist Big Foot and their love interest Tart, there are Onion, Round End, the Cousin, the two Bow-wows, Silence, Fat Anguish, Skinny Anguish and The Curtains. And the stage directions are highly impractical: the transparent doors light up and the dancing shadows of five monkeys eating carrots appear. Complete darkness.
While the narrative is nonlinear and the meaning nearly impossible to decipher, the work has been praised despite (and sometimes for) its lack of message. Bernard Frechtman, who translated the work from the original French, writes in their foreword, "It says nothing of human destiny or of the human condition. In an age which has discovered man with a capital M, it is gratifying to advise the reader that Picasso has nothing to say of man, nor of the universe. This in itself is a considerable achievement."
Noteworthy productions
Eye and Ear Theater, 1984. Two day production in New York.
Envision Theatre, 2002. Produced as a radio broadcast in the UK.
Banished? productions, 2006. D.C production featured characters portrayed by dancers and puppeteer-powered toilet bowls
Luxe, 2016. Two-day production in London.
References
1941 plays
1944 plays
French plays
Surrealist plays
Plays by Pablo Picasso
Mohammad Reza Entezari (Persian: محمد رضا انتظاری, born 31 July 1946) is a retired Iranian runner. They specialized in the 400 m and 800 m distances, in which they won two silver and one bronze medals at the 1974 Asian Games. They competed in the 400 m at the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 800 m at the 1976 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the finals.
References
Iranian male sprinters
Iranian male middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 Asian Games
1946 births
Living people
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games bronze medalists for Iran
Olympic athletes of Iran
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Milton Rogério Harassen do Ó (born 24 February 1979) is a Brazilian retired footballer who played professionally as a defender in Brazil, Portugal and Turkey, and is the current manager.
A native of Ponta Grossa, the second-largest city in southern Brazil's state of Paraná, Milton do Ó had a minor stint in the early 2000s in Turkey's Turkcell Super League. They returned home to play with a number of Brazilian clubs, and while a member of Rio de Janeiro's Fluminense, signed with the Portuguese club CS Marítimo (2005–07).
Milton do Ó played for Brazil at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria.
References
External links
Profile at Foradejogo
Profile at Turkish Football Federation
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian football managers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Primeira Liga players
Süper Lig players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
People from Ponta Grossa
Association football defenders
Brazil under-20 international footballers
Paraná Clube players
Club Athletico Paranaense players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Samsunspor footballers
Madureira Esporte Clube players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira) players
Fluminense FC players
C.S. Marítimo players
C.D. Trofense players
FC Cascavel managers
Sportspeople from Paraná (state)
Lalbagh is situated about 3 km to the north of Hampankatta, Mangalore, India
The main office of the Mangalore City Corporation is also located here
Public utilities
Mangalore City Corporation Headquarters: The headquarters of the Mangalore City corporation is located in this building.
KSRTC Bus Stand: The state-run KSRTC buses start from here, unlike the private buses which start from State Bank.
Mangala Stadium: This stadium hosts sports events in the city.
U S Mallya Indoor Stadium: Stadium for Basketball and Badminton
Public swimming pool: This swimming pool is run by the city corporation and open to the public.
Lalbagh House: This house was originally built by Mr. Rupert Fernandes then belonged to their wife Mrs. Celine Fernandes and now belongs to their youngest son Mr. Alfred Fernandes.
References
Localities in Mangalore
The Guantang LNG Terminal () is a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal under construction in Datan Borough, Guanyin District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.
History
The terminal design was originally drafted in 2015. In 2018, the government considered relocating the terminal but rejected this idea because the new proposed site was reserved for a planned offshore wind farm. On 8 October 2018, the terminal project passed its environmental impact assessment. The construction of the terminal is expected to be completed by 2025.
Architecture
The terminal will span an area of 9 km2. The original location of the terminal was proposed to be 455 meters from the coastline. However, due to pressure from environmental activists over to the existence of a sensitive coral reef in the nearby area, the terminal was redesigned to be 750 meters further away, with a total distance of around 1.2 km out to the sea from the shoreline. The relocation design was expected to add NT$15 billion to the cost of the project, for an estimated total cost of NT$75 billion.
See also
List of LNG terminals
References
Buildings and structures in Taoyuan City
Buildings and structures under construction in Taiwan
Liquefied natural gas terminals in Taiwan
Tiger Lily is an unincorporated community in central Alberta within the County of Barrhead No. 11, located northwest Highway 18, northwest of St. Albert. It is named for the tiger lily flower.
Tiger Lily is a retirement and tourist destination. It is home to several retirement communities and Clear Lake Park, a camp and resort.
A ranch near Tiger Lily sells beef directly to the public.
References
Localities in the County of Barrhead No. 11
John Hamer (born 5 April 1944) is an English former professional footballer who played as a left half.
Career
Born in Bradford, Hamer played for Bradford City and Harrogate Railway Athletic.
For Bradford City they made 1 appearance in the Football League.
Sources
References
1944 births
Living people
English footballers
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Harrogate Railway Athletic F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football wing halves
Recreation Ground is a multi-use stadium in Caersws, Wales. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Caersws F.C. The stadium holds 4,000 people (375 seated) and has hosted the Welsh League Cup final.
Caersws
Football venues in Wales
Stadiums in Wales
Multi-purpose stadiums in the United Kingdom
Ørting is a village in Jutland, Denmark. It is located in Odder Municipality.
History
Ørting is first mentioned in 1302 as Yrthinge.
Notable residents
Rasmus Andersen (1861 — 1930), sculptor
References
Odder Municipality
Cities and towns in the Central Denmark Region
Villages in Denmark
The Fischer quintuplets also known as the Fischer quints, were the first surviving quintuplets in the United States. They are Mary Ann (named after their mother), Mary Magdalene, Mary Catherine, James Andrew, and Mary Margaret. The news of the quintuplets' birth garnered world wide attention in 1963 and the family received a parade, money, and even five medals from Pope Paul VI. The parents sold the magazine and television rights to their story and then attempted to give the "quints" an ordinary life.
Birth
They were born at St. Luke's Hospital in Aberdeen, South Dakota, on September 14, 1963, and were placed in incubators because they were "tiny, premature babies, so small that any one of them could be held in a hand". The nurses at St. Lukes Hospital named the babies A, B, C, D and E. It was thought the quintuplets came from three different eggs, leading to two fraternal twins and three triplets.
Childhood
Their parents are Andrew and Mary Ann Fischer, who treated their children normally despite the public treating them as a "rare natural wonder". Catholic priest Lambert Anthony Hoch baptized them in 1963. Exactly a month after they were born, a two-hour long parade was held in Aberdeen for the quintuplets with their parents leading the procession. The parade was watched by 50,000 people, including 24,000 from Aberdeen. Five medals from Pope Paul VI were given to the Fischer family during the parade. Due to the publicity, the family received a large sum of money and bought a $100,000 house and an farm. They were raised near Aberdeen, along with their six other siblings. When their daughter Cynthia was born the following year, Mary Ann said that Cindy kept the quintuplets from thinking that they were "the whole show" because much of the family's attention was focused on them
In 1980 the parents divorced, and the divorce settlement allowed Mrs. Fischer to stay in the customized home with the eleven children until 1985; the home was to be sold at the time with the funds split between Mary Ann and Andrew Fisher. Mary Ann Fisher died in 2012 and Andrew Fisher died in 2015.
Media
John Bird, of The Saturday Evening Post, covered the quintuplets' first summer outside, on their family farm, when they were 22 months old. They were written about in The Saturday Evening Post several times. There was once a sign in Aberdeen that said, "Aberdeen—Home of the Fischer quints".
A 1963 film titled Happy Mother's Day was shown at the Venice Film Festival and Dok Leipzig, winning awards at both of them. The film later aired on European television and was covered in European film journals. However, the film never aired on television in the United States. In Happy Mother's Day, Mary Ann Fischer was shown to be "quietly suffering" because of the publicity. The American television channel ABC showed a heavily cut version of the film, titled The Fischer Quintuplets with negative content being replaced by narration.
When the quintuplets turned five years old they were living in "relative seclusion". After the worldwide publicity, the Fischers decided they wanted their children to have as "ordinary a life as possible." The Fischers signed exclusive contracts with publications which gave them $250,000. By 1976 the quintuplets were 13 years old and their parents still kept the children out of the spotlight. Mary Ann Fischer stated that they wanted the quints to be "ordinary, everyday kids". Their father Andrew Fischer had become a cattle rancher.
The quintuplets turned 50 years old in 2013 and the Associated Press ran a story updating their life history.
See also
List of multiple births
References
External links
Associated Press photos
Fischer Family Quins (1963) video
Home of Fischer Quints Sign on Flickr
Happy Mother's Day Part 1 on Youtube
1963 births
Living people
People from Aberdeen, South Dakota
Quintuplets
Vladimir Akimovich Bron (14 September 1909, Mykolaiv – 1985, Sverdlovsk, USSR) was a Soviet chess master and problemist.
Born into a Jewish family in Nikolaev (currently Mykolaiv), near Kherson, they were one of the leading scientists of the refractory materials industry. Professor Bron also actively participated in the Sverdlovsk Chess Federation.
They were a top Soviet composer of chess studies. In 1969 they wrote Selected Studies and Problems. They won 31 first prizes in composing tourneys.
Dr. Bron was awarded the International Master title for chess composition in 1966 and the Grandmaster Composer title in 1975.
References
1909 births
1985 deaths
Ukrainian Jews
Soviet chess players
Jewish chess players
Chess composers
Grandmasters for chess composition
20th-century chess players
Erik Ersberg (born March 8, 1982) is a Swedish retired professional ice hockey goaltender. During their playing career, they made a total of 54 appearances in the National Hockey League with the Los Angeles Kings.  They are currently serving as the goaltending coach to the Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).
Playing career
Ersberg started their ice hockey career playing for VIK Västerås HK in HockeyAllsvenskan (tier two in the Swedish league structure). For season 2005–06 they joined the Jönköping based elite club HV71. As a backup goalie behind Stefan Liv, Ersberg guarded the net for ten games in their rookie season, ending the regular season with a save percentage of .929. In the Elitserien playoffs 2006 they played in two games with a .857 save percentage.
The following season they got their breakthrough and became starting goaltender for HV71 and was also selected for the Swedish national team in the 2006 Karjala Tournament and Channel One Cup.  They are somewhat of a late bloomer as they have never before played for the national team, including youth and junior tournaments. In season 2006–07 they were nominated as the second candidate for the title Elitserien Rookie of the Year. On March 22, 2007 they were awarded the Honken Trophy, which is awarded to the Swedish goaltender of the year. On May 31, 2007, Los Angeles announced on their web site that they have signed Ersberg to a one-year entry-level deal. They started the 2007–08 season playing for Manchester Monarchs in the American Hockey League.
On February 21, 2008, the Kings recalled Ersberg from Manchester, becoming the first Swedish-born goaltender in Los Angeles Kings franchise history.
February 23, 2008, Ersberg made their NHL debut against the Chicago Blackhawks at Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. They replaced Dan Cloutier, who was pulled in the second period with the score 5-1. The Kings scored four goals in the third period to tie the game 5-5 and send it into overtime, where the Blackhawks scored for the 6-5 victory. Ersberg allowed only one goal on 19 shots, but earned the overtime loss.
On March 6, 2008, Ersberg recorded their first career NHL win and shutout. They made 40 saves to defeat the Ottawa Senators 2-0. Ersberg became the first NHL rookie to make at least 40 saves in a shutout since November 14, 1996. They also broke the Kings' franchise single game record for saves by a rookie, breaking Gary Edwards' previous mark of 38 saves during the 1971–72 season.
For the 2010–11 season, Ersberg was assigned to the Manchester Monarchs. They proceed to leave the team without permission and on October 22, 2010, Ersberg was placed on waivers. After clearing waivers two days later they had their contract terminated by the Kings for violating their contract. They have since been playing for the Russian club Salavat Yulaev in KHL, before moving on to fellow KHL side Donbass Donetsk. After spending the 2013–14 season in Germany, representing the Iserlohn Roosters, Ersberg returned to Sweden and spent two years with HV71 of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL). They announced their retirement in July 2016.
International play
Ersberg made their international debut for Sweden in a single game at the 2007 World Championships. They later competed in two games at the 2011 World Championships, helping claim the silver medal.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Statistics complete.
Awards and honors
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
HC Donbass players
HV71 players
Iserlohn Roosters players
Los Angeles Kings players
Manchester Monarchs (AHL) players
People from Sala Municipality
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
Undrafted National Hockey League players
VIK Västerås HK players
Sportspeople from Västmanland County
Lake Henshaw is a reservoir in San Diego County, California
at the southeast base of Palomar Mountain, approximately northeast of San Diego, California and southeast of Los Angeles.
The lake covers approximately and holds of water when full (lowered in 1978 from its original capacity of out of earthquake concerns), in addition to groundwater stored in its local basin. It drains an area of square miles at the source of the San Luis Rey River.
The lake was constructed in 1923 with the building of Henshaw Dam, an earth dam tall and long. It is owned by the Vista Irrigation District and used primarily for agricultural irrigation.
The lake features opportunities for catfish and carp fishing. Boats and cabins are available for rental. It hosts The Carp Throwdown fly fishing tournament organized by The Fly Stop.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in California
List of lakes in California
References
External links
Dams in California
United States local public utility dams
Henshaw, Lake
Henshaw, Lake
Henshaw
Jews have settled in Maryland since the 17th century. As of 2018, Maryland's population was 3.9% Jewish at 201,600 people. The largest Jewish populations in Maryland are in Montgomery County and the Baltimore metropolitan area, particularly Pikesville and northwest Baltimore. As of 2010, Baltimore and Baltimore County was home to a Jewish community of around 100,000 people. The Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C. (Montgomery County and Prince George's County) have a Jewish population of around 116,700 as of 2017, with the majority residing in lower Montgomery County. The Rockville/Potomac area is the center of Montgomery County's Jewish population, while sizable communities also exist in the Bethesda/Chevy Chase area and in Silver Spring's Kemp Mill neighborhood. Smaller Jewish communities exist in Gaithersburg, Germantown, White Oak, Olney, and Takoma Park. Columbia, Frederick, Annapolis, Cumberland, and Easton are also home to smaller but significant Jewish populations.
History
Because the Province of Maryland lacked major cities and the economy focused primarily around the tobacco industry, few Jews settled in Maryland for the first century and a half following the colony's founding in 1634.
Jacob Lumbrozo is the first known Jewish resident of Maryland, having settled in the Province of Maryland in 1656.
Prior to 1826, Jews were prohibited from holding public office in Maryland. Maryland was one of the last states to have antisemitic laws prohibiting Jews from holding public office. On January 5, 1826, the Maryland General Assembly passed the Jew Bill repealing the prohibition.
Between the 1830s and the 1870s, 10,000 German and Central European Jews settled in Maryland. Eastern European Jews began to settle in Maryland in the 1850s, with a mass emigration of Eastern European Jews occurring between the 1880s and the 1920s.
In 1899, 35,000 Jewish people lived in the state of Maryland.
In 1904, Isidor Rayner was elected the first Jewish US Senator from Maryland, one of the first Jewish US Senators in American history.
In 1969, Marvin Mandel became the first Jewish Governor of Maryland.
See also
History of the Jews in Baltimore
History of the Jews in Cumberland, Maryland
History of the Jews in Frederick, Maryland
History of the Jews in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Associated Jewish Federation of Baltimore
Charles E. Smith Life Communities
Jewish Federation of Greater Washington
Jewish Museum of Maryland
Star-K Kosher Certification
Vaad HaRabanim, the Rabbinical Council of Greater Washington
Jews
Maryland
Pierre Auguste Antoine Marie Guichet, MSC, MBE (born 21 January 1915, died 6 October 1989) was the Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Tarawa from 1961 to 1978, when Paul Mea succeeded him.
They were a titular bishop of Stectorium from 1961 to 1966 as Vicar Apostolic of the Gilbert and Ellice Islands, until it was elevated as the Diocese of Tarawa in Teaoraereke in 1966.
They were ordained a priest on 24 March 1946, was the superior of the Mission of Melanesia, and consecrated bishop on 18 November 1961.
See also
1975 New Year Honours
References
External links
Diocese of Tarawa and Nauru
TROIS NOUVEAUX ARCHEVÊCHÉS ET SEPT NOUVEAUX ÉVÊCHÉS EN OCÉANIE.
1989 deaths
20th-century French Roman Catholic bishops
1915 births
French Roman Catholic bishops in Oceania
French expatriates in Kiribati
Roman Catholic bishops of Tarawa and Nauru
Missionaries of the Sacred Heart
Eastern Tasmanian is an aboriginal language family of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern.
Languages
Bayesian phylogenetic analysis suggests that four (at p < 0.20) to five (at p < 0.15) Eastern Tasmanian languages are recorded in the 26 unmixed Tasmanian word lists (out of 35 lists known). These cannot be shown to be related to other Tasmanian languages based on existing evidence. The languages are:
Oyster Bay (Central–Eastern Tasmanian) (2)
Oyster Bay (Oyster Bay and Big River tribes)
Little Swanport
Bruny (Southeastern Tasmanian) (2–3, Bruny tribe)
Southeast Tasmanian
Bruny Island
Two of the lists reported to be from Oyster Bay contain substantial Northeastern admixture (see Northeastern Tasmanian languages), which Bowern believes to be responsible for several classifications linking the languages of the east coast. However, once that admixture is accounted for, the apparent links disappear.
Descendants
The Flinders Island lingua franca was based primarily on Easter and Northeastern Tasmanian languages. The English-based Bass Strait Pidgin continued some vocabulary from the lingua franca.
The constructed language Palawa kani is based on many of the same languages as the lingua franca.
References
Indigenous Australian languages in Tasmania
Language families
Onthophagus gazella (common names: gazella scarab, brown dung beetle) is a species of scarab beetle. It belongs to the subgenus Digitonthophagus, which may also be treated as a genus. There has been some confusion regarding the application of the name.
Its native distribution is Afro-Asian. It has been introduced to many other parts of the world in order to help remove cattle dung from pastures, with some introductions leading to naturalized populations.
References
Scarabaeinae
Beetles described in 1787
Beetles of Asia
Beetles of Africa
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Blackroom, formerly known as Lorraine are a 3-piece band from Bergen in Norway consisting of Ole Gunnar Gundersen (vocals), Anders Winsents (guitar) and Paal Myran Haaland (keyboards, programming).
They signed to the major record label RCA Records in 2007 after parting ways with Columbia Records. The band cite their influences as Depeche Mode, a-ha, Pet Shop Boys and New Order.
In the summer of 2000, the band decided not to return to school. Paal's bedroom was traded for a workspace outside Bergen, in a decaying factory building. The units surrounding Lorraine's studio were filled with either crackheads or car mechanics. Without heating, the studio became cold, resulting in floppy discs freezing into the band's sampler. The band remained there for twelve months. The trio would record a rock song one day, a pop song the next, then a trip-hop track the day after that. Some days they would start with a lyric, others with a bassline, or a keyboard riff.
Their first releases were two 7" singles "Twenty Years Underwater" and "Lovesongs for an Ugly Girl" with a remix of Twenty Years Underwater made by Paal as a b-side. The song "Twenty Years Underwater" was put on a compilation "This is Norway". After this, in 2003, the band released their first CD - Lorraine EP featuring the new song "Echoes". These were the first Lorraine's steps.
In the same year, they were able to release their debut album. They reworked songs "Twenty Years Underwater" & "Sold Out" for the album, so their sound "grew up" and became more professional. Lorraine has been described as an electronic rock roll band. Their music is filled with plenty of references to the modern rock and electronica scene. In Norway the press have been throwing superlatives at Lorraine's first album. The Perfect Cure is produced by Bjarte Ludvigsen and is mixed by Nille Perned (The Wannadies, Bob Hund and Kent). This album was inspired by such bands as Placebo, The Cure, The Smiths, Joy Division, Prodigy and others.
Lorraine has already toured in Europe; in 2003 they have done 100 concerts in countries like France, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany and Norway. In 2006, the band had a top-thirty hit in the UK with "I Feel It". They went on to tour with Pet Shop Boys.
In 2007, their song "Heaven" (EP version) was on the soundtrack of the Hollywood movie I Could Never Be Your Woman, with Michelle Pfeiffer.
In late 2008/early 2009, Lorraine changed their name to Blackroom. Blackroom was chosen because their rehearsal studio where their equipment was housed in Bergen, Norway was destroyed in a fire and they had to buy replacement equipment.
In May 2009, the band released their album Pop Noir, featuring new tracks "A Million Colors" and "Imagine This".
After releasing the album Lighthouse and a few singles from it, the band took a music pause. Ole started a new project called Subshine. Anders playing guitar for "Bloody Beach" and Paal recently made some music via their project Souldrop. Band also has some festival appearances last year, but no news on new material soon.
Discography
Albums
The Perfect Cure (Rec90 2003)
Perfect Cure 3.35
Highlights 3.22
Lipgloss 4.41
The Water 3.55
Hold 4.06
Twenty Years Underwater 4.25
Virgin 5.03
Any Given Sunday 3.51
Sold Out 4.00
Ghosts 6.18
Album Sampler 2006
Transatlantic Flight 3.25
Saved 3.12
Beautiful Thing 3.17
They Live in Gardens 3.22
I Feel It 3.05
Pop Noir (March 2009)
I Feel It
When I Return to the World
Saved
Tell It All
They Live in Gardens
Beyond The Sky
A Life Less Ordinary
Heaven (P Furs cover)
A Million Colors
The Mess That We Are
Imagine This (+ hidden track Never Give You Up)
Italian Girlfriend (Bonus)
Lighthouse (May 2012)
Signals
What Is It That You Want
Falling Down
Control (Extended Version)
Sunrise
XTC
. Frances
Micropaal
Witness
Gonna Last a Long time
Singles
Lorraine E.P. (Rec90 2003)
Twenty Years Underwater 3.55
Lovesong for an Ugly Girl 4.26
Sold Out 4.16
Echoes 5.01
Perfect Cure Remix (Rec90 2003)
Perfect Cure (Beat Mix) 3.37
Ghosts (Remix) 5.58
Saved / I Feel It (September 2005 Genepool)
Clear 7" Ltd. to 500 copies)
I Feel It (Extended Mix) 5.00
Saved (Demo Version) 4.15Tell Me Where You Wanna GoFree 3" Promo CD (Columbia February 2006)
Tell Me Where You Wanna Go 4.16I Feel It (Columbia 10 April 2006)CDS I Feel It 3.05
K-19 3.46Maxi I Feel It 3.05
Italian Girlfriend 4.45
I Feel It (Cicada Remix) 7.31
I Feel It (Video)Spearmint 7" I Feel It 3.05
Confetti 4.25Transatlantic Flight (Columbia 31 July 2006)12"/Digital E.P. Axwell Mix 7.33
Rize & 7th Heaven Dub 8.20
MHC Dub 6.02Heaven (Columbia 23 October 2006)E.P. Heaven 4.03
Saved (Demo Version) 4.15
When I Return to the World 4.01
Confetti 4.25Clear 7" Heaven 4.03
Saved (Demo Version) 4.15Saved (Waterfall 10 December 2007)7" Ltd. to 1000 copies Saved (New Version)
The Mess That We AreWhen I Return to the World (Waterfall 19 May 2008)White 7" Ltd. to 1000 copies When I Return to the World
Beyond The Sky
Trivia
Winsents and Gundersen met in a guitar shop when they both started playing Stairway to Heaven at the same time. They later discovered Haaland drunk at a bus stop.
At age 11, Winsents won the gold medal in a Scandinavian speed walking competition.
They first began recording music in Haaland's bedroom, later moving to a decaying factory outside Bergen.
They are now joined by a session drummer, who though not an official member of the band joins them at live shows.
Their first record was recorded by Bjarte Ludvigsen at Tinnitus recording studio and was well received by the critics.
Their music Heaven (EP version) is the first song of the 2007 Hollywood movie I Could Never Be Your Woman''', with Michelle Pfeiffer.
Other Recorded Tracks
I'll Never Give You Up
Remind Me (Unreleased)
Touch Me (Free download)
Heaven (Sebastian Leger Remix) (Promo only)
Beautiful Thing (MHC Remix) (Free download)
Tell It All (aka Tell Them All)
Return Beat
Gasoline
Falling Down
Home
Ecstasy
Control
Angel
References
Norwegian alternative rock groups
Norwegian musical groups
Rajan Pavlovic (born 17 August 1976) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Doboj
Abdurrahim bey Asad bey oglu Hagverdiyev () (17 May 1870 – 11 December 1933) was an Azerbaijani playwright, writer and cultural figure, stage director, politician, public figure, one of the five first Azeri Deputats of First Duma of Russian Empire, Deputat of Georgian Parliament, Creator of the Theatrical Writers Society in Azerbaijan, one of the collaborators of the magazine Molla Nasraddin, and Ambassador of Azerbaijan in the Republic of North Caucasus and Armenia.
Early life
Abdurrahim bey Asad bey oglu Hagverdiyev was born in the village of Aghbulaq near the Shusha suburb (then part of the Russian Empire, currently in the Nagorno-Karabakh region of Azerbaijan) to court reporter Asad bey Hagverdiyev and their wife Tukasban. Their brother-in-law (his sister's husband) was a nobleman, Mamobey Mamayev. They had no children but adopted their sister's daughter, Fatma xanum Malik-Abbas, as confirmed by the court of Azerbaijan).
After losing their father, Hagverdiyev lived with their uncle's family, and later returned to their mother, who had married a local official. They studied at a two-year Russian-Muslim school, then took up Russian at Malik-Hagnazarov's School. In 1884 they enrolled in a seven-year Shusha Realschule. In their final year, Hagverdiyev transferred to the Realschule in Tiflis. At age 14, they became acquainted with theatre on seeing an adaptation of Mirza Fatali Akhundov's play Khirs guldurbasan. Upon graduating Hagverdiyev was admitted to the Saint Petersburg Institute of Transportation Engineering and attended lectures in Oriental Studies at the Saint Petersburg University as a visiting student. In their eight years in Saint Petersburg, Hagverdiyev also excelled in French, which helped them learn traditions of Western European drama.
Literary contributions and stage directing
In 1892, Hagverdiyev wrote their first dramatic piece, a comedy, Yeyarsan gaz atini, gorarsan lazzatini. The book almost immediately was published thanks to benevolent Muslim societies in the Russian capital. While in St. Petersburg, Hagverdiyev wrote the first epic tragedy in the Azeri language, Daghilan Tifag ("The Breaking of Unity", 1896). In 1899, they returned to Shusha and took up theatre directing while continuing to write plays, such as Bakhtsiz Javan ("The Unlucky Young Man", 1900) and Pari Jadu ("Nymph Magic", 1901). In 1907, Hagverdiyev completed their historical tragedy Agha Mohammad Shah Qajar, which brought them great fame. In 1906, they began writing for the satirical magazine Molla Nasraddin. In 1908, they directed Azerbaijani composer Uzeyir Hajibeyov's opera Leyli and Majnun. In the years 1911 through 1916 they lived in Aghdam, dedicating themselves mostly to writing fiction. Over the next two years they lived and worked in Tiflis as a reporter for the local Russian-language newspaper, and translated Russian writers such as Gogol and Ostrovsky, European writers Shakespeare, Molière, Schiller and others into Azerbaijani.
Political career
In 1905, Hagverdiyev was appointed to Shusha's municipal government. In 1906, they were elected to the State Duma of the Russian Empire (the Russian Imperial legislative assembly) as a representative of the Elisabethpol Governorate and moved to St. Petersburg. After the government's dissolution, Hagverdiyev returned to the insurance industry and later a waterway transportation company. In these years, they often travelled to Iran and Central Asia.
In 1918, Hagverdiyev, who lived in Tiflis at the time and worked as a court officer, was appointed representative of Georgia's Azeri community in the Parliament of the newly formed Democratic Republic of Georgia. Concurrently they taught at an Azeri-language secondary school in Tiflis. In 1919 they accepted an invitation from the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic government to serve as the Azerbaijani consul in Dagestan, and later in Armenia.
After Azerbaijan's Sovietization in 1920, Hagverdiyev was appointed head of the department for theatres in the People's Commissariat for Enlightening an early Soviet analogy to the Ministry of Education). In 1921–1931 they worked in the Oriental Studies department of the Azerbaijan State University. From 1923–1935, they headed the Azerbaijan Society for Scientific Research, of which they were a co-founder. In 1924, they were elected Corresponding Member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. In 1929, they received the title of an Honoured art worker of Azerbaijan. In 1930–1932 Hagverdiyev was Chair of the Writers' Union of Azerbaijan. They died in Baku in 1933.
Legacy
Hagverdiyev's 49-year-old career in literature was a successful continuation to dramaturgic traditions initiated by Mirza Fatali Akhundov in the early-to-mid 19th century. In their works and articles Hagverdiyev communicated themes like the necessity for mass education and respect for human rights. Their tragedies were true depictions of contemporary problems. Given their education, knowledge of Western and Eastern cultures and refined manners, Hagverdiyev was widely known and loved by Azerbaijanis, setting an example to subsequent generations of writers. On January 31, 2020, a presidential order was issued by Ilham Aliyev to celebrate the 150th Anniversary of Hagverdiyev's birth.
References
External links
Plays by Abdurrahim bey Hagverdiyev online. Gutenberg.aznet.org.
1870 births
1933 deaths
Writers from Shusha
People from Elizavetpol Governorate
Members of the 1st State Duma of the Russian Empire
Azerbaijani dramatists and playwrights
Azerbaijani theatre directors
Azerbaijani translators
Translators to Azerbaijani
Politicians of the Russian Empire
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Politicians from Georgia (country)
Soviet translators
Soviet dramatists and playwrights
Male dramatists and playwrights
Soviet male writers
20th-century male writers
19th-century translators
20th-century translators
19th-century Azerbaijani dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Azerbaijani dramatists and playwrights
19th-century male writers
Ambassadors of Azerbaijan to Armenia
Shusha Realni School alumni
Honored Art Workers of the Azerbaijan SSR
Allen Kaufman (1933) is an American chess master and the former Executive Director of the American Chess Foundation and Chess-in-the-Schools.
Kaufman, a longtime member of the Marshall Chess Club and former president and vice-president, competed nationally in chess in the 1950s. In 1954, Kaufman finished seventh in the U.S. Open. In 1957 at the U.S. Open, while ultimately finishing out of contention, Kaufman was in first place after the fourth round and tied for third after the sixth round. In 1958, Kaufman came in sixth in the U.S. Open. The winner, Eldis Cobo Arteaga, lost their only game to Kaufman.
As the executive director of the American Chess Foundation, Kaufman expanded their program of teaching chess to school-age children, leading to the name change of the organization to "Chess-in-the-Schools". Kaufman is an advocate of chess as mental training and believes that chess increases children's reading and reasoning skills.
At the American Chess Foundation, Kaufman aided the chess prodigy Gata Kamsky in their defection from the Soviet Union in 1989. They were also instrumental in the formation of the Samford Chess Fellowship and is former secretary of the fellowship committee. Kaufman has a Morphy Number of 4 through, for example, Arthur Bisguier and Norman T. Whitaker.
Kaufman was a friend of Bobby Fischer in their teen years.
References
External links
Allen Kaufman player profile at US Chess Federation
American chess players
1933 births
Living people
Defending champion Thomas Muster defeated Albert Costa in the final, 6–3, 5–7, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2 to win the singles tennis title at the 1996 Monte Carlo Open.
Seeds
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round.
Thomas Muster (champion)
Andre Agassi (third round)
Michael Chang (second round)
Boris Becker (third round)
Goran Ivanišević (second round)
Yevgeny Kafelnikov (second round)
Thomas Enqvist (second round)
Jim Courier (second round)
Sergi Bruguera (second round)
Marc Rosset (first round)
Arnaud Boetsch (second round)
Andriy Medvedev (third round)
Marcelo Ríos (semifinals)
Todd Martin (first round)
Renzo Furlan (second round, withdrew)
Albert Costa (finalist)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
1996 Monte Carlo Open draw
1996 Monte Carlo Open
Chemba District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Chemba. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Tete Province in the northeast, Caia District in the southeast, Maringué District in the southwest, and with Tambara District of Manica Province in the northwest. The area of the district is . It has a population of 65,107 as of 2007.
Geography
The district is located at the right bank of the Zambezi.
The climate of the district is tropical semi-arid at the bank of the Zambezi and tropical dry in the interior. The average annual rainfall at the bank of the Zambezi is ; in the interior of the district it is .
History
The name Chemba as the designation of the area appeared in the colonial times, its origin is unclear.
Demographics
As of 2005, 48% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 13% of the population spoke Portuguese. The most common mothertongue among the population was Cindau. 88% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Chemba (two localities), Chiramba (two localities), and Mulima (two localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 10,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, pearl millet, sorghum, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which is long.
There is semi-public transportation between Chemba and Beira.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
The Bushwhackers are a 1952 American Western film directed by Rod Amateau and starring John Ireland, Wayne Morris, Lawrence Tierney, Dorothy Malone, Lon Chaney Jr. And Myrna Dell.
Plot
Tired of killing, war veteran Jefferson Waring rides west, but in Missouri they see "squatters" mowed down by men working for rich, ruthless Artemus Taylor.
They spend the night at Independence newspaperman Peter Sharpe's place, but is jailed when daughter Cathy Sharpe finds this total stranger in their room. The local marshal, John Harding, is just one of many men on Taylor's payroll.
Peter's business is threatened by banker Stone unless they take Taylor's side against "squatters" settling in the region. The blind and wheelchair-bound Taylor and ambitious daughter Norah are secretly aware that railroad surveyors are considering laying tracks nearby, so they want all the land for themselves.
Jeff decides to leave. Norah and henchman Ding Bell intercept him; Norah shoots at them but misses. They take them to see Artemus, who tells a vocally reluctant Bell to take Jeff off to a remote canyon and murder him. Under Norah's instructions, Artemus's chief thug Sam Tobin goes after them to murder both; they wound Jeff and kills Bell, but not before Bell hits them with a fatal shot. A doctor treats Jeff's wounds but Marshall Harding turns up and charges Jeff with the two killings.
When the situation escalates and two of Taylor's thugs gun down Peter Sharpe, Jeff breaks out of jail and organizes a group of settlers to resist Taylor's planned big attack. The settlers slaughter Taylor's thugs; Taylor dies of a heart attack; Norah, having shot and they think killed banker Justin Stone in order to get some getaway money, is killed by them as they leaf. Jeff stays in town to run the paper with Cathy.
Cast
John Ireland as Jefferson Waring
Wayne Morris as Marshal John Harding
Lawrence Tierney as Sam Tobin
Dorothy Malone as Cathy Sharpe
Lon Chaney Jr. as Artemus Taylor (as Lon Chaney)
Myrna Dell as Norah Taylor
Frank Marlowe as Peter Sharpe
William Holmes as "Ding" Bell (as Bill Holmes)
Jack Elam as Cree
Ward Wood as Second Henchman (as Bob Wood)
Charles Trowbridge as Justin Stone
Norman Leavitt as Deputy Yale
Stuart Randall as Slocum
George Lynn as Guthrie
Gordon Wynn as John Quigley (as Gordon Wynne)
Gabriel Conrad as Kramer
Eddie Parks as Funeral Franklin
Bob Broder as Tommy Lloyd
External links
1952 films
1950s English-language films
American black-and-white films
1952 Western (genre) films
Films directed by Rod Amateau
Films set in Missouri
American Western (genre) films
Jack Broder Productions Inc. films
Films scored by Albert Glasser
1952 directorial debut films
Squatting in film
1950s American films
Phillips Ranch is a master-planned community, first developed by Louis Lesserin 1965. It is located in the southwestern portion of the city limits of Pomona, in Los Angeles County, California. It is located near the Pomona Freeway (SR 60), the Orange Freeway (SR 57), and the Chino Valley Freeway (SR 71). The zip code serving the neighborhood is 91766. Phillips Ranch is 4 miles southwest of downtown Pomona, and is mostly working to upper-middle class in a very diverse community. Many residents use "Phillips Ranch, CA" as a return address, which is an acceptable alternative to Pomona, CA, according to the United States Postal Service. Phillips Ranch is often referred to by its neighborhood name instead of by the city name.
History
Phillips Ranch is located on land which served as part of the ranch of Louis Phillips, who in 1864 acquired the southern end of the Rancho San Jose from two business people who had previously bought it from Ricardo Vejar. How much the very private Phillips's fortune grew in these years is up for debate. In 1892, a reporter for the Pomona Progress interviewed Harris Newmark, who when asked, claimed unequivocally that the unassuming Phillips was the richest man in the county.
In 1964, Louis Lesser Enterprises, Inc. purchased Phillips Ranch, one of the largest parcels of undeveloped land in Los Angeles County, and developed 10,000 housing units.
Lesser purchased "the historic Phillips Ranch" southwest of Pomona in 1964, at 2.241 acres (9,070 m2) The sale of 5,000 acres (20 km2) of the ranch in 1875 started the City of Pomona. Lesser developed 10,000 housing units in this single project. The land was originally part of a 40,000-acre (160 km2) land grant from Mexico, Rancho San Jose, granted to Ricardo Vejar in 1837, who in 1864 sold to Prussian cowboy immigrant Louis Phillips, who came to California in the gold rush. Lesser's brother Alvin was their director of development at the time, and construction started in 1865. After the Civil War, the Southern Trail from the eastern United States, through Yuma, to the California coast passed through the ranch, and the Phillips Ranch Rubottom Hotel became a Saturday night wild west activity center, with fourteen saloons, and three opium dens for large numbers of settlers, business people, and others. Churches, schools, and Pomona College ended the lawless element.
Louis Phillips Mansion
The Phillips Mansion is a Second Empire-style historic house in Pomona, Los Angeles County, California. It was built in 1875 by Louis Phillips, who by the 1890s had become the wealthiest man in Los Angeles County. Situated along the Butterfield Stage route, the Phillips Mansion became a center of community activity in the Pomona and Spadra area. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974, making it among the first 25 sites in Los Angeles County to be so designated (there are now more than 450).
Geography
Phillips Ranch is bounded by the 71 Freeway to the east, Chino Hills to the south, Diamond Bar to the west, and Mission Blvd to the north-northwest. The elevation of the community is 800 feet above sea level, but it is as high as about 1400 feet, the peak being located at the northwestern part of the neighborhood above Mission Blvd.
City government
Steve Lustro was elected in November 2018 to represent District 5 seat. Since moving to Pomona over 35 years ago, Steve's involvement in school and community has been virtually non-stop. Shortly after moving into their neighborhood, Steve was instrumental in helping set up a Neighborhood Watch group encompassing about 50 residences. This led to an invitation by a neighbor to serve on the School Site Council at Decker Elementary from 1984-1987. When Ranch Hills Elementary opened in 1990, Steve volunteered to serve as editor of the school newsletter, Rattlers' Tattler, which they continued to do for four school years.
In 1993, Steve was asked to participate as a community member on the planning advisory committee for Diamond Ranch High School. The committee, which met periodically until the school opened in 1997, was charged with helping select the site architect, determining when the school would open, and providing input on curriculum.
Steve was elected to the PUSD Board of Education in November 1997 and re-elected in November 2001.
Steve was appointed to and served on the City of Pomona Planning Commission from July 1991 through April 1997. In January 2017, Mayor Tim Sandoval selected Steve to serve as their appointment to the City of Pomona Board of Parking Place Commissioners (Vehicle Parking District), which is responsible for making policy recommendations and overseeing the operation of 26 City-owned parking lots in and around Downtown Pomona.
Education
Like the remainder of Pomona, Phillips Ranch is served by the Pomona Unified School District, which stretch as far south as parts of Diamond Bar. The community is served by two elementary schools: Decker Elementary School and Ranch Hills Elementary School.
Diamond Ranch High School is located on the hills where Diamond Bar and Phillips Ranch meet. In 2003 and 2007 Diamond Ranch was titled a California Distinguished School by the California Department of Education. Pomona has been criticized for its construction of Diamond Ranch High School in the city's more affluent area of Phillips Ranch because of the inequities in the rest of the school district and for the almost $68 million tab for building this architecturally unique campus in the hilly area. However, the City of Industry provided $5.4 million, and sold 80 acres of an undeveloped hill land parcel for one dollar, for the school.
Higher education
California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona), four-year university.
Mt. San Antonio College, more informally called Mt. SAC, is in nearby Walnut, California.
Western University of Health http://www.westernu.edu/
Main surface thoroughfares in Phillips Ranch
Rio Rancho Road
Phillips Ranch Road
Avenida Rancheros
Village Loop Road
Old Pomona Road
Temple Avenue
Santa Clara Drive
North Ranch Road
Mission Boulevard
Los Felis Drive
Chino Hills Parkway
References
External links
Phillips Ranch detail page
Pomona Unified School District's Home Page
Neighborhoods in Los Angeles County, California
Geography of Pomona, California
Ladislav Petráš (born 1 December 1946) is a former Slovak football player. They played 19 matches for Czechoslovakia national team and scored six goals. Petráš was a participant at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, where they played three matches and scored two goals. Petráš also took part in the Euro 1976, where their team won the gold medal. After scoring Czechoslovakia's only goal against Brazil, Petráš celebrated kneeling and doing the sign of the cross, demonstrating their Catholic faith in defiance against the Communist regime in Czechoslovakia, which was contrary to any religious belief. Petras continues to be a Roman Catholic. In the second match of the tournament, Petráš scored the first goal of the match against Romania at the 4th minute.
Domestically Petráš played for Dukla Banská Bystrica and later for Inter Bratislava.
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
People from Prievidza
1970 FIFA World Cup players
Czechoslovak footballers
Czechoslovakia international footballers
FK Inter Bratislava players
Slovak footballers
Slovak Roman Catholics
Olympic footballers of Czechoslovakia
Footballers at the 1968 Summer Olympics
UEFA Euro 1976 players
UEFA European Championship-winning players
Slovak football managers
Slovakia national under-21 football team managers
FK Inter Bratislava managers
Association football forwards
FK Dukla Banská Bystrica players
FC Baník Prievidza players
Wiener AC players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Czechoslovak expatriate sportspeople in Austria
SK Vorwärts Steyr players
The Grünhirscher Stollen (also Grünhirschler Stollen or Grüne Hirschler Stollen, German: Green Stag's Adit) is an adit (German: Wasserlösungsstollen) for water drainage in Sankt Andreasberg, in the Harz mountains. It was created during mining in the Upper Harz and named after the valley Grüner Hirsch (German: Green Stag) between the mountains Galgenberg and Glockenberg. It leads from the Samson Pit to the south-west of the Galgenberg.
The first 7.1 km of the 10.2 km adit is part of the Upper Harz Water Regale and has been declared UNESCO World Heritage Site.
History
The construction of the Grünhirscher Stollen began in 1691. Until 1710 the adit was driven through for 1.4 km to the Samson Pit only using hammer and pick.
In the following years it was expanded and connected to other mines. Since 1729 it has been connected to the pit Wennsglückt. At this time the 25 mines in Sankt Andreasberg had their highest output. The main shafts of the mines Sankt Andreas and König Ludwig had a depth of 400 m.
To go deeper a draining adit with a lower altitude was necessary because Grünhirscher Stollen had reached its limit. In 1716 the construction on the adit Sieberstollen began. It has a 58 m lower level and replaced the older adit in 1754. After that the waters of the Grünhirscher Stollen and the Spötterstollen were only used to drive flatrod systems in the Samson Pit and Wennsglückt.
In the beginning of the 19th century the mines Samson and Gnade Gottes had 26 drifts beneath Grünhirscher Stollen with different altitudes, relative to the adit between 5.7 to 19 m. The drift directly under this adit was numbered 1st drift. Drifts beneath this one were numbered ascendingly. Beneath the mine Catharina Neufang the drifts were numbered relatively to the Sieberstollen. The 16th drift (Samson Pit) was the main draining adit even before Sieberstollen was finished.
In 1922 the hydroelectric power station Grüner Hirsch was installed in the Samson Pit 130 m beneath ground. It is one of two underground power stations in the Samson generating electricity from the waters of the Oderteich. The Grünhirscher Stollen is discharging its waters into Sperrlutter.
References
Mining in the Harz
Sankt Andreasberg
Water management in mining
The 2007 Tylenol Players' Championships was held at the Stampede Corral in Calgary, Alberta. April 10-15, 2007. It was the last event of the 2006-07 curling season
Rankings are the CCA rankings.
Man 's
A event
B Event
C Event
Championship
Woman 's
A event
B Event
C Event
Championship
External links
Men's results
Women's results
Sport in Calgary
Curling in Alberta
2007 in Canadian curling
Players' Championship
Willi Wigold (10 December 1909 – 28 November 1944) was a German footballer who played as a forward for Fortuna Düsseldorf and the Germany national team. They joined Fortuna Düsseldorf in 1930 and was part of the team that won the 1933 German football championship. They played four matches for Germany between 1932 and 1934.
Wigold was a corporal in the German army in World War II and died at Lake Ilmen during the Russian campaign. The exact date of their death is disputed, with some sources listing 12 August 1943.
References
1909 births
1944 deaths
Association football forwards
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
German Army soldiers of World War II
German military personnel killed in World War II
Footballers from Düsseldorf
Stewart Township is a geographic township in the Unorganized North Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada. The Ontario Northland Railway, constructed in the early 20th century, runs from south to north through the township, and the dispersed rural community of Tomiko with two passing sidings is on the railway in the centre-east.
Lakes that are all or in part in Stewart Township include Brûlé Lake, Ferguson Lake, Little Rock Lake, Little Tomiko Lake, Moose Lake, Notman Lake, and Sturgeon Lake.
References
Geographic townships in Ontario
Geography of Nipissing District
Hällåsen is a sports venue in Söderhamn, Sweden. It is the home of Broberg/Söderhamn Bandy since 1976.
References
Bandy venues in Sweden
Sport in Söderhamn
The Minnesota Twins are a Major League Baseball franchise based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. They play in the American League Central division. Also known in their early years as the "Washington Senators" (1901–1960) based in Washington, D.C., pitchers for the Twins have thrown seven no-hitters in franchise history. A no-hitter is officially recognized by Major League Baseball only "when a pitcher (or pitchers) allows no hits during the entire course of a game, which consists of at least nine innings", though one or more batters "may reach base via a walk, an error, a hit by pitch, a passed ball or wild pitch on strike three, or catcher's interference". No-hitters of less than nine complete innings were previously recognized by the league as official; however, several rule alterations in 1991 changed the rule to its current form. A perfect game, a special subcategory of no-hitter, has yet to be thrown in Twins history. As defined by Major League Baseball, "in a perfect game, no batter reaches any base during the course of the game."
Walter Johnson threw the first no-hitter in Senators/Twins history on July 1, 1920; the most recent no-hitter was thrown by Francisco Liriano on May 3, 2011. Four left-handed pitchers have thrown no-hitters in franchise history while three were by right-handers. The longest interval between no-hitters was between the games pitched by Bobby Burke and Jack Kralick, encompassing 31 years and 8 days from August 8, 1931 to August 26, 1962. Conversely, the shortest interval between no-hitters was between the games pitched by Kralick and Dean Chance, encompassing 4 years and 364 days from August 26, 1962 to August 25, 1967. They no-hit the Boston Red Sox the most, which occurred twice, which were no-hit by Johnson in 1920 and Burke in 1931. There is one no-hitter in which the team allowed at least a run, thrown by Chance in 1967. The most baserunners allowed in a no-hitter were by Chance (in 1967) and Liriano (in 2011), who each allowed six. Four no-hitters were thrown at home, and three were thrown on the road. They threw one in April, one in May, one in July, three in August, and one in September. Of the seven no-hitters, three have been won by a score of 1–0, more common than any other results. The largest margin of victory in a no-hitter was a 7–0 win by Eric Milton in 1999. The smallest margin of victory in a Twins no-hitter came in 1–0 wins – by Johnson in 1920, Kralick in 1962, and Liriano in 2011 – and a 2–1 win by Chance in 1967.
The umpire is also an integral part of any no-hitter. The task of the umpire in a baseball game is to make any decision "which involves judgment, such as, but not limited to, whether a batted ball is fair or foul, whether a pitch is a strike or a ball, or whether a runner is safe or out… [the umpire's judgment on such matters] is final." Part of the duties of the umpire making calls at home plate includes defining the strike zone, which "is defined as that area over homeplate (sic) the upper limit of which is a horizontal line at the midpoint between the top of the shoulders and the top of the uniform pants, and the lower level is a line at the hollow beneath the kneecap." These calls define every baseball game and are therefore integral to the completion of any no-hitter. A different umpire presided over each of the franchise's seven no-hitters. The Twins almost had another no-hitter on August 18th, 2020 when the Twins Start pitcher Kenta Maeda Threw 8 Innings without any hits allowed. Maeda's no-hitter was broken in Top of the 9th when the Brewers 3rd Basemen Eric Sogard softly hit a ball into center field for a base hit. That would be the closest time the Twins had a no-hitter since May 3rd, 2011 When, Francisco Liriano No-Hit the Chicago White Sox.
List of no-hitters in Senators/Twins history
See also
List of Major League Baseball no-hitters
References
No-hitters
Minnesota Twins
Boniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Boniewo
The Asian Karate Federation (AKF) is the governing body of sport karate of about 44 countries of karatedo federation in Asia.
The AKF is a non-profit organization and performs its activities on an amateur basis in compliance with the principles set forth in the Olympic Charter, duly
recognized by the World Karate Federation, the largest international governing body of sport karate with over 198 member countries. It is the only karate organization recognised by the International Olympic Committee and has more than fifty million members. The AKF organizes the Asian Karatedo Championships, the Junior and Senior AKF Championships in every two years in between the Olympic and Asian Games and participates in WKF World Karate Championships. The Current President of the Asian Karate Federation (AKF) is Major Gen Nasser Al Sayed Abdulrazak Alrazooqi of the UAE and Mr. Kuong Im Che of Macau, China serves as the Secretary General.
History of AKF
Asian Karatedo Federation founded as APUKO (Asian Pacific Union of Karatedo Organizations) in the year 1973.
It changed to AUKO (Asian Union of Karatedo Organizations) in 1992 after WUKO was admitted to IOC.
The name was changed again in 1999 to AKF (Asian Karatedo Federation) in line with World Union of Karate-Do Organizations (WUKO) changed to World Karate Federation (WKF).
AKF Country Member's Federations
Asian Karate Federation (AKF) Affiliated Countries
Afghanistan
Bangladesh
Bahrain
Bhutan
Brunei
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong, China
Indonesia
India
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Japan
Kazakhstan
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao PDR
Lebanon
Macau, China
Malaysia
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nepal
Oman
Pakistan
Philippines
Palestine
DPR Korea
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Syria
Thailand
Tajikistan
Timor-Leste
Chinese Taipei
Turkmenistan
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Vietnam
Yemen
References
External links
Asian Karatedo Federation official website
World Karate Federation official website
Sports organizations established in 1973
Karate organizations
Kar
ja:世界空手道連盟
Tajanjar () may refer to:
Tajanjar-e Olya
Tajanjar-e Sofla
Harry J. Barnhart (September 19, 1890 – December 28, 1961) was an American football and basketball coach. They served as the head football coach at the University of Findlay in Findlay, Ohio from 1915 to 1916 and again from 1927 to 1931, compiling a record of 17–31–1. Barnhart was also the head basketball coach at Findsaly from 1910 to 1918 and 1927 to 1932, tallying a mark of 82–85.
References
External links
1890 births
1961 deaths
Findlay Oilers football coaches
Findlay Oilers men's basketball coaches
People from Wooster, Ohio
Basketball coaches from Ohio
The Von Hügel Institute (VHI) is an academic research institute based at St Edmund's College, Cambridge, a constituent part of the University of Cambridge in England.
Founded in 1987, it is named after Anatole von Hügel (1854–1928), naturalist and co-founder (with the Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 15th Duke of Norfolk) of St Edmund's College. It was established, according to the College's Ordinances, to 'preserve and develop the Roman Catholic tradition of the College' by carrying out research on Catholic Social Teaching, on the relationship between Christianity and society, and on issues of social justice.
The institute has been directed by Rev Chris Moss SJ, the Rev Frank McHugh, Rev Frank Carey WF, Professor David Bridges, Rev David Clark and Professor John Loughlin.
Professor Mary McAleese, former President of Ireland and Honorary Fellow of St Edmund's is a Patron of the VHI, alongside Professor Rowan Williams, Rt Rev Alan Hopes, and the Countess of St Andrews (Dr Sylvana Tomaselli).
Director
Since October 2015, the Director is Dr Philip McCosker, in succession to John Loughlin.
Projects
In recent years, the VHI has carried out projects on: the relationship between Catholic Social Teaching and the UK Government's 'Big Society' programme; on religious freedom in domestic and international politics; on Intellectual Property questions in the light of Catholic Social Teaching; on illegal trafficking in human organs; and on applying the sustainability and capabilities concepts of Amartya Sen and Martha Nussbaum.
Other activities
The VHI runs public lectures including the Von Hügel Lecture (delivered in 2012/13 by Professor Stanley Hauerwas, in 2013/14 by the former Irish President Professor Mary McAleese, 2014/15 by Professor Joseph H. H. Weiler, and in 2015/16 by Professor Denys Turner); the Lattey Lecture which examines the links between Catholic Biblical Studies and Catholic Social Teaching (delivered in 2012 by Archbishop Bernard Longley of the Archdiocese of Birmingham, UK and in 2013 by Rev Timothy Radcliffe OP, former Master of the Dominican Order). The theme for 2012-13 lecture series was "Multidisciplinary Perspectives on the Human Person", in 2013-14, "Faith and Governance", in 2014-15, "Ethics and Public Life", and 2015–16, "Mercy".
References
External links
Research institutes in the United Kingdom
Dryobalanops fusca is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae. The species name fusca is derived from Latin (fuscus = dark-coloured) and refers to the dark coloured indumentum This species is endemic to Borneo, where it is threatened due to habitat loss. It is a large emergent tree, up to 60 m tall, found in kerangas on raised beaches. It is a heavy hardwood sold under the trade names of Kapur.
References
fusca
Endemic flora of Borneo
Trees of Borneo
Critically endangered flora of Asia
The Yongan LNG Terminal () is a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal at Yong'an District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
History
The operation of the terminal started in 1990 with 1.5 million tons capacity. The terminal was expanded to 4.0 million tons capacity during the second phase expansion which was completed in December 1996. It was then expanded again to 7.44 million tons capacity in the third phase of expansion which commenced in July 1996 and completed in December 2002.
Technical specifications
The terminal has a current capacity of 7.44 million tons annually.
See also
List of LNG terminals
References
1990 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Kaohsiung
Energy infrastructure completed in 1990
Liquefied natural gas terminals in Taiwan
The Connecticut River Academy (CTRA) is a magnet high school for grades 9 – 12, located in East Hartford, Hartford County, Connecticut.
It is co-located with Goodwin University, a small 4-year college which moved to the site in 2005. Connecticut River Academy opened in 2010 and graduated its first 4-year class in 2014. CTRA's Sustainability Theme provides hands-on learning in Environmental Studies and Advanced Manufacturing. CTRA's Early College Model offers college and career experiences, including the opportunity to earn tuition-free college credits. The academy is accredited by New England Association of Schools and Colleges (NEASC).
References
External links
Goodwin University
Buildings and structures in East Hartford, Connecticut
Schools in Hartford County, Connecticut
Public high schools in Connecticut
Magnet schools in Connecticut
"Drowning" is the first single from Crazy Town's second album, Darkhorse, and fifth released single in total. The song was written by Crazy Town and peaked at No. 24 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks and No. 50 in the UK.
Music video
The music video was directed by The Malloys. It features Crazy Town playing in an industrial area intercut with footage showing a story unfold. A young man befriends a girl at a lookout before they are dragged off by an aggressive male. Later the young man sees the girl at a party, and walks off with them alone. As they kiss them on the cheek, the aggressive male and their friends approach and beat the man whilst the girl protests. Distraught, the young man returns to the party, where they explain what happened to their friends. Their friends get in a car and start searching for the attackers, eventually finding them at a restaurant. The attackers flee, and their friends chase them down one by one and beat them. The video ends with the distressed young man repeatedly punching something. When the camera angle changes it is shown that they have been on their knees punching at the ground; their friends are then seen helping them up.
Track listing
Australia Maxi-single
UK Maxi-single
Germany Maxi-single
Charts
References
2002 singles
Crazy Town songs
Columbia Records singles
Music videos directed by The Malloys
2002 songs
Song recordings produced by Howard Benson
Elena Georgievna Glagoleva (, 8 April 1926 – 20 July 2015) was a Soviet and Russian mathematician and mathematics educator who organized a correspondence school for the mathematics in the Soviet Union based at Moscow State University, and as part of the project coauthored two mathematics textbooks with Israel Gelfand.
 They are the author of:
Метод координат (with I. M. Gelfand and A. A. Kirillov, 1964); translated into English by Richard A. Silverman as The Coordinate Method (Pocket Mathematical Library, Gordon & Breach, 1969), and by Leslie Cohn and David Sookne as The Method of Coordinates (Library of School Mathematics, MIT Press, 1967; Dover, 2002)
Функции и графики (with I. M. Gelfand and E. E. Schnol, 1965); translated into English as Functions and Graphs by Richard A. Silverman (Pocket Mathematical Library, Gordon & Breach, 1969) and by Thomas Walsh and Randell Magee (MIT Press, 1969; Birkhäuser, 1990; Dover, 2002); translated into German by Reinhard Hoffmann as Funktionen und ihre graphische Darstellung (Teubner, 1971)
Электричество в живых организмах (Electricity in Living Organisms, with M. B. Berkinblit, 1988)
References
1926 births
2015 deaths
Soviet mathematicians
Soviet women mathematicians
Russian mathematicians
Mathematics educators
Celeste Kidd is a professor of psychology at the University of California, Berkeley. They were amongst the "Silence Breakers" who were named Time Person of the Year in 2017.
Early life and education
Kidd studied print journalism and linguistics at the University of Southern California, where they earned a dual honors degree in 2007. They moved to the University of Rochester for their graduate studies, where they worked in brain and cognitive studies and earned their PhD in 2013. They worked with Richard N. Aslin, an expert on infant learning. They held visiting positions at Stanford University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Research and career
Kidd works on curiosity and exploration throughout early development. They were hired as assistant professor at the University of Rochester in 2012. They have studied the willpower of children, challenging the Stanford marshmallow experiment. They demonstrated that children's willpower is influenced by their superior's reliability and trust.
Kidd was made director of the Rochester Baby Lab at the University of Rochester in 2014. They moved to the University of California, Berkeley, in June 2018. They have studied why it is so difficult to shake a false belief, such as believing in flat earth or climate change denial. Kidd is interested in the neuroscience of curiosity. They demonstrated that uncertainty can lead to the most curiosity.
#MeToo advocacy
In July of 2016 Kidd filed a complaint with the Office of Counsel of the University of Rochester alleging retaliation for their participation in a university investigation of alleged sexual misconduct by a tenured professor. An outside investigator concluded that the evidence did not support their claims. Kidd was then one of eight then current and former faculty members at the University of Rochester to file a complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. In response the university initiated an outside investigation led by Mary Jo White which cleared the professor of the most serious complaints.
Kidd was one of nine faculty members who sued the university alleging mishandling of the case. In 2018, Kidd left the University of Rochester, and in March 2020, the university settled with Kidd and the other plaintiffs for $9.4 million with no admission of wrongdoing.
Kidd has since become a campaigner to end sexual harassment in academia. Kidd was made a leader in the Me Too movement in academia, and one of several advocates selected as Time Person of the Year. They have criticized how universities are expected to "investigate themselves" when it comes to complaints about sexual harassment. They believe that public pressure and increased transparency will help to transform academia.
Awards and honors
2012 Discover magazine Top 100 Science Story of 2012
2014 Cognitive Science Society Glushko Dissertation Prize in Cognitive Science
2017 Time Person of the Year
Kidd has been selected as one of the Association for Psychological Science's Rising Stars.
Personal life
Kidd is married to Steven Piantadosi, a computational psychologist at the University of California, Berkeley.
References
Living people
American women psychologists
American psychologists
University of Rochester alumni
University of Rochester faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek–Fort Story (JEBLC-FS), established October 1, 2009, is a Joint Base of the United States military that is located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The installation is made up of former U.S Army post Fort Story and Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek. It was created as the result of the Base Realignment and Closure, 2005 process. It is commanded by the United States Navy .
JEB Little Creek
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek is the major operating base for the Expeditionary Forces in the United States Navy's Atlantic Fleet. The base comprises four locations in three states, including almost 12,000 acres (4,900 ha) of real estate. Its Little Creek location in Virginia Beach, Virginia totals 2,120 acres (860 ha) acres of land. Outlying facilities include 350 acres (140 ha) located just north of Training Support Center Hampton Roads in Virginia Beach, and 21 acres (8.5 ha) known as Radio Island at Morehead City, North Carolina, used as an amphibious embarkation/debarkation area for U.S. Marine Corps units at Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
JEB Fort Story
Fort Story is located in the independent city of Virginia Beach, Virginia at Cape Henry at the entrance of the Chesapeake Bay.[2] It offers a unique combination of features including dunes, beaches, sand, surf, deep-water anchorage, variable tide conditions, maritime forest and open land. The base is the prime location and training environment for both Army amphibious operations and Joint Logistics-Over-the-Shore (LOTS) training events.
The base includes 1,451 acres (5.9 km²) of sandy trails, cypress swamps, maritime forest, grassy dunes and soft and hard sand beaches. The western beaches are wide, gently sloped and washed by the waters of the Chesapeake Bay. Eastern beaches are exposed to the rougher waters of the Atlantic surf.
External links
Joint bases of the U.S. Department of Defense
Military installations in Virginia
Claude Asquith Sheppard (June 21, 1916 – October 7, 2001) was a Canadian politician and magistrate. They represented the electoral district of Harbour Grace in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1956 to 1966 as a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador.
The son of J.F. Sheppard and Mary V. Hiscock, they were born at Spaniard's Bay, Newfoundland and was educated there, at Bishop Feild College and at Memorial University. In 1940, they married Florence Gosse; with her, they had 2 children. Sheppard served overseas as a major in the Royal Artillery during World War II. They were a stipendiary magistrate from 1946 to 1956.
They were first elected to the Newfoundland assembly in 1956. Sheppard served as deputy speaker from 1963 to 1966. They retired from politics in 1966. Later that year, they were named manager of administrative services for the Newfoundland and Labrador Power Commission.
References
1916 births
2001 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Bishop Feild School alumni
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Artillery officers
Hansca is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
Demographics
According to the 2004 census, the village population is 1080 people, 49.91% are male and 50.09% female.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
"Faith" is the thirteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe. The episode originally aired on April 16, 2010 on Syfy in the United States, and on SPACE in Canada. The episode was directed by William Waring who directed two other episodes for the series. The episode was written by Denis McGrath, and this episode represents their first foray into the Stargate franchise.
In this episode, the Destiny finds themselves drawn to the gravity well of a sun, leading the ship off-course. However, there is no trace of the sun in the database, and as the Destiny uses a parabolic manoeuvre to correct its course which will take roughly a month, the crew uses this time to explore a habitable planet and collect supplies.
Plot
Destiny mysteriously exits FTL in a star system that the ship does not recognise; the seeding ships never informed Destiny of the system, and the habitable planet orbiting it. It is later revealed that the star is only 200 million years old, too young to start a system. Dr. Rush (Robert Carlyle) believes that the ship has dropped out of FTL in order to correct its course by performing a parabolic maneuver, which will take a month. In the meantime, a team uses the opportunity to explore the planet; the team finds fresh fruit, water and plants with medicinal attributes, which the expedition can take back with them. Also, during a flyover in the shuttle, Scott (Brian J. Smith) spots an artificial obelisk at least 2000 feet high.
While Destiny is out of shuttle range for the next few weeks, the team on the planet settles in. Rush uses the time to explore more of the ship, where they and their team make numerous new discoveries. Adam Brody (Peter Kelamis) and Lisa Park (Jennifer Spence) repair the second shuttle where Senator Armstrong sacrificed themselves to save the crew. Eli (David Blue) and Wray (Ming-Na) discuss the possibility that the system might have been built by possibly the most advanced race in the Universe. Tension between the military and civilians since the coup passes. On the planet, T.J. (Alaina Huffman) is revealed to be pregnant with Colonel Young's (Louis Ferreira) baby.
During their last days on the planet, the team on the planet see the obelisk sending a beam of light into the night sky. By the time Destiny is back in range, Young learns that several of them wish to stay on the planet, including Robert Caine (Tygh Runyan) who believes that a higher power is responsible for creating the planet as a "lifeline" for the expedition, as well as believing that the race responsible will find them and return them to Earth. Young goes down to the planet with the partially repaired shuttle, and offers it to those who wish to stay, so long as all the military personnel return to Destiny, otherwise everyone will be returned by force. With the military personnel back on Destiny, a few civilians remain on the planet while Destiny jumps back to FTL. In the end, the expedition enjoy a feast from the food they brought from the planet.
Reception
Carl England of Den of Geek found the episode more inclined to the dramatic side of the series, but noted, "it shouldn't ward off sci-fi fans, as it teases many alien-related plot points to come back to in later weeks." Overall, England said that "this episode may not have been as great as last week's, but it's a really good entry in the season one catalogue." IGN's Ramsey Isler was much more negative than Carl England, describing the episode as "a return to the slow stuff, and it really killed a lot of momentum." Among the complaints that Isler had was the re-bonding of the Destiny crew which they understood because of the recent mutiny but said, "it makes perfect sense, it just doesn't make for good drama." Isler also found the pregnancy of Lt. Johansen a little cliché citing they do not, "like that this is somewhat of a stereotypical role for a woman to be thrown into." Meredith Woerner from io9.com generally favoured the episode. Woerner had felt a little slighted by the ending of Divided but said this episode, "didn't attempt to end everything with a big shiny reset bow forcibly tied on in the end. And I loved it." They go onto say it was, "a healthy dose of reality as soap dishy as it was." Woerner praised the character development of Lt. Johansen stating that, "we watched TJ, a normally calm and cool character, unravel for obvious reasons. Then we the audience got to weigh all the possible options with them And even though we're never really knowing the full story we assumed by their attitude you knew it couldn't have been pretty." However Woerner did have their complaints; citing Dr. Caine, "lunatic ramblings about the obelisk alien overlords."
References
External links
"Faith" at mgm.com
"Faith" at Stargate wikia
Stargate Universe episodes
2010 American television episodes
it:Episodi di Stargate Universe (prima stagione)#Fede
Benjamin Brown (born July 1, 1966 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli professor, researcher of Judaism and Jewish thought, lecturer at the Department of Jewish thought at Hebrew University and a researcher at the Israel Democracy Institute. Brown is known for their studies on Orthodox Judaism, especially the ultra-Orthodox community, from the theological, Jewish-legal and historical perspectives. Among other topics, they were the first to trace the development of the concept Daas Torah and its various usages in the Haredi (ultra-Orthodox) world. In addition, they published many papers about the Jewish legal ruling system (Halakhah), the Musar movement and the Hasidic movement. In their studies, Brown incorporates concepts, models and analytical tools originating from general philosophy, including legal philosophy.
References
Brown's Academia.edu page: https://huji.academia.edu/BBrown
Brown's "Thoughts and Ways of Thinking" (open access) at the Ubiquity Press website
1966 births
Living people
Israeli Jews
Hebrew University of Jerusalem faculty
People from Bnei Brak
Scientists from Tel Aviv
Judaic scholars
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Ballistic Missile Range Safety Technology (BMRST) is a mobile system designed and built by Honeywell International in Clearwater Florida, to monitor and provide space-vehicle position data during launches. The BMRST system consists of a control center van and two trailer-mounted tracking antennas. All data processing and range safety displays are housed in the control center; the antennas are designed to receive data from launched rockets and space vehicles and transmit the information back to the control center. From the control center, the Range Safety Officer will also be able to assist in destroying an off-course rocket or launch vehicle for safety reasons.
The tracking antennas combine the ability to receive an S-band telemetry data signal with the ability to transmit high-power UHF Command Destruct tones. Each of the antenna systems consists of a 5.4-meter reflector, elevation over azimuth pedestal, and a specialized telemetry tracking/UHF feed.
The system is currently operated by the Florida Air National Guard at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. The system is capable of being transport by land, sea and C-5 Galaxy, C-17 military cargo aircraft.
The BMRST system is similar in design to the Range Safety and Telemetry System (RSTS) being used at the Kodiak Launch Center in Alaska.
See also
BMRST Interior
BMRST Video
Safety at the Kodiak Launch Complex (RSTS)
External links and sources
Florida Air Guard Receives New Space-Launch Tracking System
Honeywell Range Safety
Honeywell To Provide Ballistic Missile Range Safety Technology System For The U.S. Air Force Rocket System Launch Program (October 2002)
Contract from Honeywell Space Systems for Ballistic Missile Range Safety System
Challenges in Acceptance/Licensing of a Mobile Ballistic Missile Range Safety Technology (BMRST) System (PDF File)
Notes and references
Telemetry
Sarah Wesker (1901 – 1971) was a trade unionist active in the garment industry in the East End of London in the 1920s and 1930s.
Biography
Wesker grew up in the Rothschild Buildings, a block of flats in Spitalfields, tenanted mainly by Jewish families. They were on the executive committee of the National Union of Tailors and Garment Workers (NUTGW) before joining the United Ladies Tailors' Trade Union (ULTTU), a Jewish trade union.
Wesker was involved in the organisation of many strikes by garment workers in the East End. At Goodman's trouser factory in 1926, where they worked as a machinist, they led the all-female workforce in a walk out demanding a farthing a pair. In 1928 they organised 600 young women at the Rego Factory on Bethnal Green Road. The strike lasted for 12 weeks until the workers won at Christmas. As the strike was not recognised by the national leadership of the NUTGW, the workers raised money by singing "strike songs" and collecting money around London, activities orchestrated by Wesker. In 1929 they took a leading part in the strike at Polikoff's, a factory at 148-160 Mare Street in Hackney.There the strikers also sang. In 1930 they led a strike at the Simpson factory, also in Hackney.
In 1929, Wesker was a founding member of the United Clothing Workers' Union (UCWU). They were the only female member of its executive committee, and later became its full-time women's organiser. The UCWU was absorbed into the NUTGW in 1935. Wesker again sat on the NUTGW executive committee and their appointment in 1937 as NUTGW women's organiser signalled a new approach to female workers. They helped women to become organised in a number of large factories.
Wesker was elected to the Communist Party of Great Britain's Central Committee at the 12th Congress in 1932. Along with other women, they took part in the Battle of Cable Street on 4 October 1936.
Wesker was fluent in English and Yiddish and was known to be a fiery speaker, able to inspire the older women workers in the factories. The playwright Arnold Wesker was their nephew, and based the character Sarah in their play Chicken Soup with Barley on their aunt.
References
1901 births
1971 deaths
Communist Party of Great Britain members
English Jews
English trade unionists
People from Spitalfields
Women trade unionists
Bourillon may refer to:
Grégory Bourillon (born 1984), French soccer player
Nathalie Bourillon (born 1965), French ski mountaineer
Om Namah Shivaya (Devanagari: ; IAST: Om Namaḥ Śivāya) is one of the most popular Hindu mantras and the most important mantra in Shaivism. Namah Shivaya means "O salutations to the auspicious one!", or “adoration to Lord Shiva". It is called Siva Panchakshara, or Shiva Panchakshara or simply Panchakshara meaning the "five-syllable" mantra (viz., excluding the Om) and is dedicated to Shiva. This Mantra appears as 'Na' 'Ma' 'Śi' 'Vā' and 'Ya' in the Shri Rudram Chamakam which is a part of the Krishna Yajurveda and also in the Rudrashtadhyayi which is a part of the Shukla Yajurveda.
Origin of the mantra
This mantra is present in the Shri Rudram Chamakam, which is part of the Krishna Yajurveda. Shri Rudram Chamakam is taken from two chapters in fourth book of Taittiriya Samhita (TS 4.5, 4.7) of Krishna Yajurveda. Each chapter consist of eleven anuvaka or hymns. Name of both chapters are Namakam (chapter five) and Chamakam (chapter seven) respectively. The mantra appears without the initial Om in the eighth hymn of Namakam(TS 4.5.8.1) as Namaḥ śivāya ca śivatarāya ca (Sanskrit: ). This means "Salutations unto Śiva the auspicious one, unto Śivatara the one than whom none more auspicious can exist".
This mantra also appears in the Rudrashtadhyayi, a part of the Shukla Yajurveda. In the Rudrashtadhyayi, the mantra appears in the 5th chapter (also known as Namakam) verse 41.
Translations among different traditions
Namah Shivaya means "Adoration to Lord Shiva"; this is preceded by the devotional syllable "Om".
In Siddha Shaivism and Shaiva Siddhanta Shaivism traditions, Namah Shivaya is considered as Pancha Bodha Tatva of Lord Shiva and their universal oneness of five elements:
Na sound represents earth
Ma sound represents water
Śi sound represents fire
Vā sound represents Pranic air
Ya sound represents sky or ether
Its total meaning is that "universal consciousness is one".
In Shaiva Siddhanta, the five letters also represent:
Na is the Lord's concealing grace
Ma is the world
Śi stands for Shiva
Vā is Their revealing grace
Ya is the Ātman or soul
The Tirumantiram (a scripture in Shaiva Siddhanta) announces that "His feet are the letter Na. Their navel is the letter Ma. Their shoulders are the letter Śi. Their mouth, the letter Vā. Their radiant cranial center aloft is Ya. Thus is the five-lettered form of Shiva.": Tirumantiram 941. TM
In different scriptures
The Mantra appears as 'Na' 'Ma' 'Śi' 'Vā' and 'Ya' in the Shri Rudram Chamakam which is a part of the Krishna Yajurveda. Thus predates the use of Shiva as a proper name, in the original context being an address to Lord Rudra (later Shiva), where Shiva retains its original meaning as an adjective, meaning "auspicious, benign, friendly", a euphemistic epithet of Rudra.
The mantra appears in the Rudrashtadhyayi which is a part of the Shukla Yajurveda.
Whole Panchakshara Stotra is dedicated to this mantra.
Tirumantiram, a scripture written in Tamil language, speaks of the meaning of the mantra.
It appears in the Shiva Purana in the chapter 1.2.10 (Shabda-Brahma Tanu) and in its Vidyeshvara samhita and in chapter 13 of the Vayaviya samhita of the Shiva Purana as Om Namaḥ Śivāya. It is also referenced many times throughout the Śiva Purana as the "5 syllable Mantra" and "6 syllable mantras" when including Om.
The Tamil Saivaite hymn Tiruvacakam begins with the five letters 'Na' 'Ma' 'Śi' 'Vā' and 'Ya'.
Usage
This mantra is repeated verbally or mentally, drawing the mind in upon itself to Lord Shiva's infinite, all-pervasive presence. Traditionally it is repeated 108 times a day while keeping count on a strand of rudraksha beads. This practice is called japa yoga. It is freely sung and chanted by everyone, but it is most powerful when given by one's guru. Before this initiation which is called mantra diksha, the guru will usually require a period of study. This initiation is often part of a temple ritual, such as a puja, japa, homa (fire ceremony), dhyana or and while smearing vibhuti. The guru whispers the mantra into the disciple's right ear, along with instructions on how and when to chant it.
Intended effect
This mantra is associated with qualities of prayer, divine-love, grace, truth, and blissfulness. When done correctly, it allegedly calms the mind and brings spiritual insight and knowledge. It also keeps the devotee close to Shiva and within Their protective global fellowship.
Traditionally, it is accepted to be a powerful healing mantra beneficial for all physical and mental ailments. Soulful recitation of this mantra brings peace to the heart and joy to the Ātman or soul. Many Hindu teachers consider that the recitation of these syllables is sound therapy for the body and nectar for the Ātman. The nature of the mantra is the calling upon the higher self; it is the calling upon Shiva.
In popular culture
The mantra has gained wider use outside India as a result of Siddha Yoga, founded by Swami Muktananda, in which it is the main mantra used for meditation and chanting.
In the film Eat, Pray, Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia (2007), Elizabeth Gilbert explained that the first chant provided by their guru was "Om Namah Shivaya." Gilbert wrote that this meant "I honor the divinity within me."
See also
Jangam
Mahamrityunjaya Mantra
Om Namo Narayanaya
References
Hindu mantras
Indian culture
Om mantras
Shaivism
Nirex was a United Kingdom body set up in 1982 by the UK nuclear industry to examine safe, environmental and economic aspects of deep geological disposal of intermediate-level and low-level radioactive waste (LLRW).
History
Originally known as the Nuclear Industry Radioactive Waste Executive, it became United Kingdom Nirex Limited in 1985. The ownership of Nirex was transferred from the nuclear industry to the UK Government departments DEFRA and DTI in April 2005, and then to the UK's Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) in November 2006. Nirex's staff and functions were integrated into the NDA in April 2007, at which point Nirex ceased trading as a separate entity. Nirex's role continues through the activities of the Radioactive Waste Management Directorate of the NDA.
Nirex had gained widespread notoriety during the 1980s as the focus for widespread public opposition to the burying of nuclear waste in the UK. Nirex was based at Harwell, Oxfordshire and had several roles:
to advise organisations and companies that produce radioactive waste on how they should package radioactive waste;
to set standards for radioactive waste packaging. It monitored the processes of organisations and companies to check, for example, that they had procedures for keeping adequate records;
to produce on behalf of the UK Department for the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs an updated public record of the quantities and types of radioactive waste in the UK;
to continue to develop understanding of the scientific, technological and environmental options for dealing with radioactive waste, including developing an understanding of the requirements for public acceptability.
Nirex was also involved in keeping the UK abreast of international expertise in research and development into the disposal of radioactive waste.
During the mid-1980s proposals for low-level nuclear waste repositories at Billingham, Elstow, Bradwell, Fulbeck, and South Killingholme were abandoned due to local opposition. In 1989, work began on two possible sites to take both intermediate and low-level waste near Dounreay in Caithness and near Sellafield in Cumbria. Following preliminary investigations at both sites, Nirex announced plans in October 1992 to build a “Rock Characterisation Facility” (RCF) at Sellafield. Nirex critics including Cumbria County Council, Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace argued that the RCF was an integral part of Nirex's repository plans and in effect a 'trojan horse' for an intended nuclear waste repository. It was also successfully argued that the RCF proposal was scientifically flawed and that Nirex's scientific knowledge was insufficient to prove that disposal was safe for any site. In 1997, following a five-month local planning inquiry, the Secretary of State for the Environment rejected Nirex's case.
The Inquiry Inspector said "chemical containment is new and untried, with more experimentation and modelling development indubitably required. This work would to my mind be particularly difficult and important because of the problems of meaningfully testing some of the components of the concept. Implicitly Nirex feels unable to credit the notion that this barrier would fail; but the lack of any calculation based on an adverse, as distinct from a conservative, interpretation of this chemical containment seems to me to be an unfortunate omission from the emerging safety case, particularly having regard to FOE's impressive critique of the concept.".
References
External links
NDA website
Friends of the Earth's Evidence to the Nirex Inquiry (1995-6)
Mining companies of the United Kingdom
Radioactive waste repositories
Nuclear waste companies
Companies based in Oxfordshire
1982 establishments in England
Waste companies established in 1982
British companies established in 1982
The Star of Bethlehem is a 2007 documentary by Frederick A. "Rick" Larson to show what they found when they searched for clues about the Star of Bethlehem. Larson used the Starry Night astronomy computer program along with an article written by astronomer Craig Chester; based in part on the work of Ernest Martin. Larson also used details from the Christian Bible to find nine data points about the Star of Bethlehem which, according to the second chapter of the Gospel of Matthew, stopped over Bethlehem, bringing the Magi to Jesus.
Background
Larson's interest in the Star of Bethlehem began when they needed to make a Christmas Star to accompany their Magi lawn ornaments they had made to be Christmas decorations, but did not know what the Star of Bethlehem was and needed to learn more.
As a lawyer, Larson examined the text of Matthew, finding nine pieces of evidence in the nativity passage. The Star's nine data points are that it signified birth, it signified kingship, it was related to the Jewish nation, and it "rose in the East"; it was not known to Herod the Great; it appeared at a specific time; it endured over time; it was before the Magi as they traveled south to Bethlehem from Jerusalem, and then, according to the Bible, it stopped over the city of Bethlehem.
Using astronomy software to return to the skies over Judea by using Johannes Kepler's math to calculate positions of celestial objects, Larson thinks they found all nine elements found in the book of Matthew. They also believe that the Star of Bethlehem phenomenon was induced via the rendezvous of Jupiter and Regulus. as it was observed over Bethlehem during its triple conjunction on December 25, 2 BC. Larson believes King Herod the Great died in 1 BC, although almost all other experts, including astronomer David Hughes and astronomer Michael Molnar, believe Herod died in 4 BC. (In Molnar's book, The Star of Bethlehem: The Legacy of the Magi, they document Jesus' birth as Saturday [Sabbath] April 17, 6 BC due to a triple conjunction in Aries). This is concurred by the Biblical scholar Colin R. Nicholl, who disagrees with the Martin-Larson hypothesis, and presents their views in their book The Great Christ Comet.
Once Larson found what they think is the time of Jesus Christ's birth, they looked for signs appearing in the heavens at possible times that fit the Passover, and believes the date of the Christ's (Messiah's) crucifixion was April 3, 33 AD on the Gregorian calendar. They also think they found astronomical phenomena related to a vision in the Book of Revelation.
Production
Frederick Larson wrote the screenplay to The Star of Bethlehem and was co-executive producer along with Stephen McEveety. McEveety co-produced The Passion of the Christ, which won 22 awards including the People's Choice Award, the ASCAP Top Box Office Films Award, and an Academy Award for best cinematography. McEveety also co-produced Braveheart, which won 30 awards, including five Academy Awards, and whose films also include The Man Without a Face, Immortal Beloved, We Were Soldiers, and Payback. Stephen Vidano directed this film and Julie Davison Larson composed its music.
Larson released this documentary in 2007 (63 minutes) and in 2009 (65 minutes). It received five Doves from the Dove Foundation, which considered the film acceptable for all ages. Christian Cinema reviewer Angela Walker wrote, "The Star of Bethlehem doesn't have an MPAA rating, but the nature of the subject would probably earn it a PG for thematic elements (that being the birth of Jesus Christ)."
See also
Apparent retrograde motion
Johannes Kepler
Stephen McEveety
References
Further reading
Starry Night Companion : Your guide to understanding the night sky using Starry Night by John Mosley. 2004.
External links
The Star of Bethlehem information site. Retrieved April 1, 2016.
The Star of Bethlehem Movie website Retrieved April 1, 2016.
Star of Bethlehem
2007 documentary films
2007 films
2009 films
Films about astronomy
Documentary films about the Bible
Films based on the Gospels
Jupiter in film
The Cochrane Generals are a Junior "B" Ice Hockey team based in Cochrane, Alberta, Canada. They are members of the North Division of the Heritage Junior B Hockey League (HJHL). They will play their home games at Cochrane Arena for the 2021-2022 season.
History
The Cochrane Generals played in the CAJHL before the HJHL, in the CAJHL they were the 1988-89 South Division Champions. They are the 2007-08 and 2008-09 HJHL Champions. Since then they have been 2015-2016 HJHL South Division Champions, and in 2016-17, the team won the HJHL South division as well as a silver medal at the Alberta Jr. B hockey Championships.
Season-by-season record
Note: GP = Games played, W = Wins, L = Losses, T = Ties, OTL = Overtime Losses, Pts = Points, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against, PIM = Penalties in minutes
Russ Barnes Trophy
Alberta Jr B Provincial Championships
Awards and trophies
HJHL Championship
2007–08, 2008–09
See also
List of ice hockey teams in Alberta
External links
Official website of the Cochrane Generals
Ice hockey teams in Alberta
Riccardo Del Turco (born September 7, 1939) is an Italian singer and songwriter, born in Fiesole. Their song Luglio topped the Italian Hit Parade Singles Chart for two weeks in July 1968, selling over 500,000 copies. Luglios tune was marketed across Europe and was released in the UK as I'm Gonna Try by The Tremeloes, but the song had a lukewarm response. The tune was then offered to the Herman's Hermits, who used it for their song, "Something's Happening". The song reached the sixth spot on the UK chart. Other international versions of Luglio include Joe Dassin's Le petit pain au chocolat, in French, and Huhta Bengt's (aka Kristian) Ai ai ai, in Finnish. More recently, Del Turco wrote the song "Vivo" that Andrea Bocelli recorded in 2018.
Discography
33 rpm
Riccardo Del Turco, 1969
Tanto io non vinco mai, 1973
45 rpm
Le cose che non ci diciamo/La nostra casa, 1962
M'hanno detto che/Dimmi se vuoi, 1964
Parla di te/Non chiudere la porta, 1964
Figlio unico/Quanto amore, 1966
Uno tranquillo/Allora hai vinto tu, 1967
L'importante è la rosa/Se è scritto nel cielo, 16 October 1967
Luglio/Il temporale, 1968
Cosa hai messo nel caffè/Commedia, 2 January 1969
Il compleanno/Geloso, 23 aprile 1969
Due biglietti perchè/Se non hai pensato, 1970
Babilonia/Non ti voglio amare, 1970
La cicala/Nel giardino dietro casa, 1971
Uno, nessuno/La domenica ti penso di più, 1972
Tanto io non vinco mai/L'appartamento, 1973
Tanto io non vinco mai/La musica sta arrivando, 1973
The Summer Of Mary Ann/Ramona, 1976
Winter Flower/Sette e ventinove, 1979
Non voglio ali/Noi due, 1982
Serena alienazione/Spazio profondo, 1984
Filmography
Io non protesto, io amo, 1967
Il professor Matusa e i suoi hippies, 1968
References
Italian male singers
Italian pop singers
Italian rock singers
Italian singer-songwriters
1939 births
Living people
Musicians from Florence
Francis Nielsen is a French director of animated films, known mostly for their films Blackie & Kanuto, Émilie Jolie and Le Chien, le Géneral et les Oiseaux.
Biography
Nielsen was born and raised in the mountainous region of Lake Annecy in eastern France. They began their career as a puppeteer presenting shows in local schools.
After a varied career, they joined the animation studio Idéfix (created by Rene Goscinny and Albert Uderzo, creators of the French comic and animated film series Asterix). They began their career at Idéfix as the First Assistant Director of Les 12 Travaux D'Asterix and La Ballade des Dalton.
Directing many animated commercials and TV series, they eventually became a producer in two different companies they created: Stout Studio and Rooster Studio.
 They are currently director for several television series, specials and feature films. They became the first animated feature director to be in the Official Selection at the Venice International Film Festival with Le Chien...
Filmography
Feature films
Blackie & Kanuto, 2012 - produced by Baleuko (Spain), Lumiq (Italy) and Art'mell (France)
Émilie Jolie, 2010 - produced by Marathon (France). Script by Tonino Guerra
Le Chien, le Géneral et les Oiseaux [The Dog, The General and the Birds], 2003 - produced by Solaris (France).
Official section at the Venice International Film Festival; prize for the best Music
Official section at:
Marrakech International Film Festival
Yokohama Film Festival
Dubai Film Festival
Toronto International Film Festival
Television
Les Canopus, 2006, TV Series - France 5.
Boule et Bill, 2005, TV Series - TF1.
Marx Brothers, 2001, Pilot Episode, produced by Gary Kurtz
Butterscotch (Le Parfum de l'Invisible), 2000, TV movie - Canal+, M6. Based on the comic by Milo Manara
Les Dieux de l'Olympe, 1999, TV Series - Canal +, Channel 5.
Le Père Noël et son Jumeau, 1998, TV Spécial - France 2, Canal +, Canal J. Based on artwork by Boris Solotareff
Dirty jokes, 1997, TV series - PMMP, Rooster for Canal +.
Dad'X, 1997, TV Series - TF1.
Once upon a time, 1996, TV Series - Canal +, France 2 and ZDF. (Finalist Emmy Awards)
Inspecteur Mouse, 1997, TV Series - PMMP, Ravensburger for France 2, ZDF. (Finalist Emmy Award 1997.)
Docteur Globule, 1995, TV Series - PMMP, ITV for TF1, ITV. Winner of "Best audience on ITV" in 1995 and 1996.
Dodo, le retour, 1994 - Canal J, France2, TSR.
David Copperfield, 1992, TV Special, Co-Director - PMMP, ASTRAL, for NBC, TF1, Canal J.
Producer
Les Dieux de l'Olympe, 1999, Série TV - Canal+, Channel 5
Le Père Noël et son Jumeau, 1998, Spécial TV - France 2, Canal+, Canal J
Les Sales Blagues de l'Echo, 1997, Série TV - PMMP, Rooster for Canal+
Dodo, le retour, 1994, Série TV - Canal J, France 2, TSR
Zoolympiques, 1991, Série TV - Canal+
References
External links
http://en.unifrance.org/directories/person/136157/francis-nielsen
http://www.sensacine.com/actores/actor-63390/fotos/
http://www.baleuko.com.
1947 births
Living people
French film directors
People from Annecy
Qatar-e Aghaj-e Sofla (, also Romanized as Qaţār-e Āghāj-e Soflá; also known as Ghatar Aghaj, Qaţār Āghāj, and Qāţerqāj) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 228, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
David Schuller (born September 6, 1980) is an Austrian ice hockey player who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for HC TWK Innsbruck of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL). On June 13, 2015, they joined Innsbruck after spending the majority of their career with EC KAC, agreeing to a one-year deal.
Schuller competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Austrian ice hockey forwards
People from Bruck an der Mur District
HC TWK Innsbruck players
EC KAC players
Vienna Capitals players
Sportspeople from Styria
Professor Hugh Stanley Emrys Gravelle studied at the University of Leeds (September 1963-June 1966), where they graduated in BComm. They joined the staff at Queen Mary College, University of London, lecturing in theories and applied microeconomics. They then moved to The University of York, Centre for Health Economics in January 1998 to present.
Most economists probably know them as the lead author with Ray Rees, of the standard intermediate text: Microeconomics, Prentice Hall, 1981, First Edition. They started this text while at Queen Mary College as lecture notes, where they were teaching Microeconomics based on James Ferguson text. The book was intended and received as a bridge between standard and more advanced text, presenting the standard neoclassical point of view, but with a view toward General Equilibrium Analysis and Welfare Economics. In the Preface of the third edition in 2004, the authors hinted that a new edition seems warranted every eleven years of so, which one cannot avoid linking to sunspot-cycles which peaks at that interval.
An application of Gravelle et al. welfare theorem is exemplified in Market Failure. Since 1998, Gravelle has published enormously in the field of Health Economics. Wikipedia has highlighted one of their collaborative inputs in its entry in Pay for performance (healthcare).
One of Professor Gravelle's theory of health and unemployment was discussed in a recent book by Davide Stucker and Sanjay Basu. The theory holds that sickness is not caused by unemployment but the reverse, namely, unemployment is a result of sickness. (2013, p. 187).
References
Hugh Gravelle and Ray Rees. (1981). Microeconomics. Prentice-Hall.
David Stuckler and Sanjay Basu. (2013).The Body Economic: Why Austerity Kills. New York: Basic Books.
External links
https://ideas.repec.org/search.html
https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Hugh_Gravelle
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Academics of the University of York
British writers
British economists
A statue of Valentín Gómez Farías is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Sinclair Vehicles Ltd was a company formed in March 1983 by Sir Clive Sinclair as a focus for their work in the field of electric vehicles. The initial investment was £8.6m, which came from the proceeds of the sale of some of Sir Clive's shares in Sinclair Research. Barrie Wills, formerly of the DeLorean Motor Company, was appointed managing director.
The first (and only) Sinclair Vehicles production model was the single-seater Sinclair C5, launched on 10 January 1985. Larger models were planned, including the C15, a four-seater car capable of speeds of up to . The generally poor reception given to the C5 by the press and public meant that these models would never reach production.
In August 1985, Hoover, the manufacturer of the C5, announced that production would be stopped due to a financial dispute with Sinclair Vehicles. The following month, Sinclair Vehicles were renamed as TPD Ltd. On 15 October 1985, it was announced that TPD were in receivership and the company entered voluntary liquidation on 4 November 1985.
See also
List of car manufacturers of the United Kingdom
References
Excerpt from Sinclair and the 'Sunrise' Technology
Excerpt from The Sinclair Story
Excerpt from The battery management
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of the United Kingdom
Electric vehicles introduced in the 20th century
Vehicles
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1983
1983 establishments in England
Vehicle manufacturing companies disestablished in 1985
1985 disestablishments in England
British companies established in 1983
British companies disestablished in 1985
The National Committee of the Chinese Defense Industry, Postal and Telecommunications Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
basic info from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Postal trade unions
Defence and munitions trade unions
Vernor Steffen Vinge (; born October 2, 1944) is an American science fiction author and retired professor. They taught mathematics and computer science at San Diego State University.  They are the first wide-scale popularizer of the technological singularity concept and perhaps the first to present a fictional "cyberspace". They have won the Hugo Award for their novels and novellas A Fire Upon the Deep (1992), A Deepness in the Sky (1999), Rainbows End (2006), Fast Times at Fairmont High (2002), and The Cookie Monster (2004).
Life and work
Vinge published their first short story, "Apartness", in the June 1965 issue of the British magazine New Worlds. Their second, "Bookworm, Run!", was in the March 1966 issue of Analog Science Fiction, then edited by John W. Campbell. The story explores the theme of artificially augmented intelligence by connecting the brain directly to computerised data sources. They became a moderately prolific contributor to SF magazines in the 1960s and early 1970s. In 1969, they expanded the story "Grimm's Story" (Orbit 4, 1968) into their first novel, Grimm's World. Their second novel, The Witling, was published in 1976.
Vinge came to prominence in 1981 with their novella True Names, perhaps the first story to present a fully fleshed-out concept of cyberspace, which would later be central to cyberpunk stories by William Gibson, Neal Stephenson and others. Their next two novels, The Peace War (1984) and Marooned in Realtime (1986), explore the spread of a future libertarian society, and deal with the impact of a technology which can create impenetrable force fields called 'bobbles'. These books built Vinge's reputation as an author who would explore ideas to their logical conclusions in particularly inventive ways. Both books were nominated for the Hugo Award, but lost to novels by William Gibson and Orson Scott Card.
Vinge won the Hugo Award (tying for Best Novel with Doomsday Book by Connie Willis) with their 1992 novel, A Fire Upon the Deep. A Deepness in the Sky (1999) was a prequel to Fire, following competing groups of humans in The Slow Zone as they struggle over who has the rights to exploit a technologically emerging alien culture. Deepness won the Hugo Award for Best Novel in 2000.
Their novellas Fast Times at Fairmont High and The Cookie Monster also won Hugo Awards in 2002 and 2004, respectively.
Vinge's 2006 novel Rainbows End, set in the same universe and featuring some of the same characters as Fast Times at Fairmont High, won the 2007 Hugo Award for Best Novel. In 2011, they released The Children of the Sky, a sequel to A Fire Upon the Deep set approximately 10 years following the end of A Fire Upon the Deep.
Vinge retired in 2000 from teaching at San Diego State University, in order to write full-time. Most years, since its inception in 1999, Vinge has been on the Free Software Foundation's selection committee for their Award for the Advancement of Free Software. Vernor Vinge was Writer Guest of Honor at ConJosé, the 60th World Science Fiction Convention in 2002.
Personal life
Their former wife, Joan D. Vinge, is also a science fiction author. They were married from 1972 to 1979.
Bibliography
Novels
Realtime/Bobble series
The Peace War (1984) — Hugo Award nominee, 1985
Marooned in Realtime (1986) — Prometheus Award winner, Hugo Award nominee, 1987
Zones of Thought series
A Fire Upon the Deep (1992) — Hugo Award winner, 1993; Nebula Award nominee, 1992; Campbell and Locus SF Awards nominee, 1993
A Deepness in the Sky (1999) — Hugo, Campbell, and Prometheus Awards winner, 2000; Nebula Award nominee, 1999; Clarke and Locus SF Awards nominee, 2000
The Children of the Sky (2011)
Standalone novels
Grimm's World (1969), expanded as Tatja Grimm's World (1987)
The Witling (1976)
Rainbows End (2006) — Hugo and Locus SF Awards winner, 2007; Campbell Award nominee, 2007
Collections
Across Realtime (1986)
The Peace War
"The Ungoverned"
Marooned in Realtime
True Names ... and Other Dangers (1987)
"Bookworm, Run!"
"True Names" (1981, winner 2007 Prometheus Hall of Fame Award)
"The Peddler's Apprentice" (with Joan D. Vinge)
"The Ungoverned" (occurs in the same milieu as The Peace War and Marooned in Realtime)
"Long Shot"
Threats... and Other Promises (1988) (These two volumes collect Vinge's short fiction through the late 1980s.)
"Apartness"
"Conquest by Default" (occurs in the same milieu as "Apartness")
"The Whirligig of Time"
"Gemstone"
"Just Peace" (with William Rupp)
"Original Sin"
"To Blabber" (occurs in the same milieu as A Fire Upon the Deep)
True Names and the Opening of the Cyberspace Frontier (2001) (contains "True Names" plus essays by others)
The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge (2001) (hardcover) or (paperback) (This volume collects Vinge's short fiction through 2001 (except "True Names"), including Vinge's comments from the earlier two volumes.)
"Bookworm, Run!"
"The Accomplice"
"The Peddler's Apprentice" (with Joan D. Vinge)
"The Ungoverned"
"Long Shot"
"Apartness"
"Conquest by Default"
"The Whirligig of Time"
"Bomb Scare"
"The Science Fair"
"Gemstone"
"Just Peace" (with William Rupp)
"Original Sin"
"To Blabber"
"Win a Nobel Prize!" (originally published in Nature, Vol 407 No 6805 "Futures")
"The Barbarian Princess" (this is also the first section of "Tatja Grimm's World")
"Fast Times at Fairmont High" (occurs in the same milieu as Rainbows End; winner 2002 Hugo Award for Best Novella)
Essays
"The Coming Technological Singularity: How to Survive in the Post-Human Era" (1993), Whole Earth Review
"2020 Computing: The creativity machine" (2006), Nature
"The Disaster Stack" (2017) Chasing Shadows
Uncollected short fiction
"A Dry Martini" (The 60th World Science Fiction Convention ConJosé Restaurant Guide, page 60)
"The Cookie Monster" (Analog Science Fiction, October 2003) (winner 2004 Hugo Award for Best Novella)
"Synthetic Serendipity", IEEE Spectrum Online, 30 June 2004
"A Preliminary Assessment of the Drake Equation, Being an Excerpt from the Memoirs of Star Captain Y.-T. Lee" (2010) (Gateways: Original New Stories Inspired by Frederik Pohl, 2010)
"BFF's first adventure", (originally published in Nature, Vol 518 No 7540 "Futures")
"Legale", (originally published in Nature, Vol 548 No 7666 "Futures")
References
External links
About Vinge
Vernor Vinge, at Worlds Without End
official website
Essays and speeches
The Coming Technological Singularity: How to Survive in the Post-Human Era, 1993
Accelerating Change 2005: Vernor Vinge Keynote Address (64 kbit/s MP3 audio recording, 40 minutes long)
Seminars About Long-term Thinking: Vernor Vinge (Summary and MP3 audio recording of a 2007 speech, 91 minutes long)
"2020 Computing: The creativity machine", from Nature magazine, 23 March 2006.
Vernor Vinge's keynote address at the 2006 Austin Games Conference.
Interviews
Interview on Fresh Air, 2000 (audio)
Interviews on the podcast series The Future and You: April 8, 2006, May 1, 2006 (audio)
Interview by Glenn Reynolds and Helen Smith, April 26, 2006 (podcast)
Interview by Reason, 2007
Interview for the singularity symposium, 2011 (podcast)
1944 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American science fiction writers
American technology writers
American computer scientists
Writers from California
Novelists from Wisconsin
Hugo Award-winning writers
People from Waukesha, Wisconsin
Mathematics educators
San Diego State University faculty
American male short story writers
American transhumanists
20th-century American short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
Singularitarians
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
University of California, San Diego alumni
The Foundation for Science and Technology (, FCT) is an organization within the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education in Portugal which evaluates and funds scientific research activities, in particular in the areas of natural sciences, exact sciences, social sciences and humanities. FCT was founded in 1997, succeeding the Junta Nacional de Investigação Científica e Tecnológica.
Vision
To establish Portugal as a global reference in science, technology and innovation
Ensure that knowledge generated by scientific research is used fully, for economic growth and the well-being of all citizens
Research units funded by FCT
Most scientific research in Portugal takes place in R&D institutions financed and evaluated by FCT. As of 2019 there are 26 Associate Laboratories and 307 R&D Units, where 22,000 researchers work. These institutions are regularly evaluated by FCT.
Publications
The foundation, together with the University of Lisbon's Centre of Philosophy, publishes a biannual peer-reviewed open-access academic journal, Philosophica, International Journal for the History of Philosophy, which covers all areas of the history of philosophy. Beginning 2022 it is published on their behalf by the Philosophy Documentation Center.
References
External links
Government agencies of Portugal
Science and technology in Portugal
Research funding agencies
Multilingual journals
Philosophy journals
Biannual journals
Publications established in 1993
Philosophy Documentation Center academic journals
William Thomas Hanna, Jr. (September 26, 1930 – December 17, 2016), was a Ford Motor Company automobile dealer who served a single term from 1978 to 1982 as the Democratic mayor of Shreveport in Caddo Parish in northwestern Louisiana.
Background
Born in Kansas City, Missouri, to William Hanna, Sr., and the former Irma Belle Adams, they came to Shreveport with their parents at the age of three months. They graduated in 1947 from C. E. Byrd High School in Shreveport and enrolled at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge. There they became a lifelong Tigers partisan. They played on the LSU baseball team from 1949 to 1951. After graduation, they played shortstop on several minor league teams before they returned to Shreveport to join their father in the automobile business.
Hanna was a president of the Louisiana Automobile Dealers Association, which in 1977 named them the "Automobile Dealer of the Year". The company was well known for the popular sales slogan, "You Can Afford a Hanna Ford," which was intended to attract moderate-income buyers. The company no longer exists.
Public career
Hanna was the first Shreveport mayor under the mayor-council home-rule city charter, which replaced the former commission city government. They were also the first mayor in decades not serving in public office at the time of their election. They recruited nationally and secured exceptional people to serve in municipal government. Many noted that Hanna did not seem really interested in "politics". Such an attitude made it appear that they did not like being mayor, and they did not run for a second term in 1982.
Hanna promoted the decision to construct Interstate 49 through northwestern Louisiana. During their tenure, General Motors located a plant in Shreveport which later closed. Ground was broken for Expo Hall, and the stadium at the Louisiana Fair Grounds, location of the annual state fair, became the renovated Independence Stadium, at which numerous football teams, including Louisiana Tech University, occasionally played games. Some two weeks after becoming mayor, Hanna presented to legendary actor John Wayne, then in the last year of their life, the second annual "Spirit of Independence" Award, as part of the ceremonies at the annual Independence Bowl in Independence Stadium. They were succeeded as mayor by their fellow Democrat, the attorney John Brennan Hussey.
In 1994, twelve years after their stint as mayor, Hanna joined the Caddo Parish government as the director of building and grounds and later served as the director of operations and as assistant administrator. In June 1998, they were named Caddo Parish administrator, comparable to county judge in most other states. They were the administrator until their retirement in 2006. In this capacity, they helped to resolve the disputed boundary with neighboring Bossier Parish, which impacted revenues collected from boats docked in the Red River. They brought the three major governmental headquarters together to the downtown Government Plaza building, helped to establish the Northwest Louisiana Veterans Cemetery, built a Chimp Haven in Shreveport, and devised an emergency cell phone program for the handicapped and elderly.
Personal life
Hanna had one sibling, their brother, Kenneth George "Ken" Hanna (born 1939), who also worked in the automobile business.
Upon their death at the age of 86, Hanna was survived by their wife, Marvelle Warren Hanna, four daughters from a previous marriage, and two stepsons. They were interred at Forest Park East Cemetery.
References
1930 births
2016 deaths
People from Kansas City, Missouri
American businesspeople in retailing
Mayors of Shreveport, Louisiana
C. E. Byrd High School alumni
Louisiana State University alumni
LSU Tigers baseball players
Minor league baseball players
Louisiana Democrats
David Morgan is Professor of Religious Studies at Duke University, in Durham, North Carolina, with an additional appointment in Duke's Department of Art, Art History and Visual Studies. Morgan served as the Chair in the Department of Religious Studies in Trinity College of Duke University from 2013 to 2016.  They are the author of numerous books, including The Forge of Vision (2015), The Embodied Eye (2012), and The Sacred Gaze (2005).
Biography
They hold a BA in Studio Art (concentration on sculpture) at Concordia College (1980), a MA in Art History at the University of Arizona (1984), and a PhD in Art History at the University of Chicago (1990), They taught at Valparaiso University from 1990 to 2007, where they were the Duesenberg Professor in Christianity and the Arts, in the honors college of Valparaiso University.
Academic work
Morgan's writing has focused on the history of Protestant visual culture since the eighteenth century. They have also studied Catholic devotional images, the history of art theory, and religion and media. They were co-founder and is co-editor of the journal, Material Religion, and co-edits two book series at Routledge (London): Religion, Media, Culture, and Research in Religion, Media, and Culture.  They are an Elected Life Member of Clare Hall, Cambridge University and Elected member of the American Antiquarian Society.
Morgan is a recipient of the Annual Book Award from the Association of American Publishers in Professional and Scholarly Publishing for 1999 in the category of Religion and Philosophy for the book Protestants and Pictures: Religion, Visual Culture, and the Age of American Mass Production. Their edited volume Icons of American Protestantism: The Art of Warner Sallman received the CHOICE Outstanding Academic Book for 1996 from the American Library Association.
Their books include:
Morgan, David (2018). Images at Work: The Material Culture of Enchantment, Oxford, England: Oxford University Press.
Morgan, David (2015). The Forge of Vision: A Visual History of Modern Christianity, Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.
Morgan, David (2012). The Embodied Eye: Religious Visual Culture and the Social Life of Feeling, Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. It had reviews in CHOICE (2012), IMAGE online, Religious Studies Review, American Anthropologist, Art and Christianity, Journal of Religion in Europe, Critical Research on Religion, and Journal of Religion and Popular Culture.
Morgan, David (2008). The Sacred Heart of Jesus: The Visual Evolution of a Devotion, Amsterdam: Amsterdam University Press.
Morgan, David (2007). The Lure of Images: A History of Religion and Visual Media in America, New York: Routledge. It had reviews in Choice Reviews,The Journal of American History, Church History, Nova Religio, and Journal of the Scientific Study of Religion.
Morgan, David (2005). The Sacred Gaze: Religious Visual Culture in Theory and Practice, Berkeley: University of California Press. It had reviews in Choice Reviews, Scripture Bulletin, The Art Newspaper, Winterthur Portfolio, American Journal of Sociology, Church History, The Expository Times, Material Religion,Missiology: An International Review, and Journal of Religion.
Morgan, David (1999). Protestants and Pictures: Religion, Visual Culture, and the Age of American Mass Production, New York: Oxford University Press. It had reviews in The Christian Century, The Cresset, Journal of American History, The Historian, Journal of Religion and Popular Culture Baker, Kelly J. (2003). Protestants and Pictures: Religion, Visual Culture, and the Age of American Mass Production, Journal of Religion and Popular Culture Vol. 5, No. 1, online; Religious Studies Review, The American Historical Review, Church History, Books & Culture, Journal of Religion, and CAA Reviews.
Morgan, David (1998). Visual Piety: A History and Theory of Popular Religious Images, Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. It was reviewed in Publishers Weekly, Anglican Theological Review, Art Book Review, Choice Reviews, Christian Scholar's Review, Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion, The Art Newspaper, Books & Culture, Communication Research Trends, Theology Digest, Washington Post, Catholic Historical Review, The Christian Century, Fides et Historia, Religion, Kunst, Winterthur Portfolio, The Journal of American History, Journal of the American Academy of Religion, Journal of Religion, Nova Religio, The HEYTHROP Journal, and Journal of American Studies.
Their edited volumes include:
Morgan, David (2010). ed. Religion and Material Culture: The Matter of Belief, London and New York: Routledge.
Morgan, David (2008). ed. Key Words in Media, Religion, and Culture, London: Routledge.
Elkins, James and David Morgan (2008). eds. Re-Enchantment, New York, NY: Routledge.
Morgan, David and Sally M. Promey (2001). eds. The Visual Culture of American Religions, Berkeley, CA: University of California Press.
Morgan, David (1996). ed. Icons of American Protestantism: The Art of Warner Sallman, New Haven, CT: Yale University Press.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American art historians
Concordia University Nebraska alumni
University of Arizona alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Valparaiso University faculty
Duke University faculty
German Army Detachment Kempf was an army-sized formation of the Wehrmacht on the Eastern Front during World War II. As part of Army Group South, Detachment Kempf saw action during Operation Citadel, the German attempt to cut off the Kursk salient and destroy a large part of the Soviet army.
Operational history
The detachment was formed on 1 February 1943 as Armee-Abteilung Lanz, led by Hubert Lanz. On 21 February 1943 Lanz was replaced by Werner Kempf and the detachment was renamed to reflect this change. In February–March that year, The detachment fought in the Third Battle of Kharkov.
The detachment took part in the Battle of Kursk. Beginning on the night of 4/5 July 1943, III Panzer Corps, Kempf Army's primary attack formation, spearheaded the thrust east of Belgorod. After the failure of the operation, Army Detachment Kempf retreated with the rest of Army Group South. Kempf was relieved of command on 17 August 1943. They were replaced by Otto Wöhler on August 16 and the detachment was designated as the 8th Army.
The order of battle for Operation Citadel was:
III Panzer Corps: 6th, 7th, & 19th Panzer Divisions, 168th Infantry Division
XI Army Corps: 106th, 198th, 320th Infantry Divisions
XLII Army Corps: 39th, 161st, 282nd Infantry Divisions
Commander
References
Military units and formations of the German Army in World War II
Military units and formations established in 1943
Military units and formations disestablished in 1943
Queen Street is a Lower City arterial road in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. It starts off at Beckett Drive, a mountain-access road in the city and is a two-way street up to Herkimer Street and a one-way street (Southbound) the rest of the way north up to the Canadian National Railway Yard where the road turns right, merging with Stuart Street which travels in a west–east direction.
History
Queen Street was named after Queen Caroline of Brunswick, wife of King George IV.
Queen Street forms the western boundary line of the Durand neighbourhood. Durand is also bounded by Main Street to the north, James Street and James Mountain Road to the east and the Niagara Escarpment to the south. With the turn of the 20th century, luxurious new residences were built along Markland and Aberdeen Avenues and to the south in the lee of the escarpment. These residences reflected the entrepreneurial spirit of those who made their fortunes in transportation, finance, industry, and commerce in one of North Americas major centres, Hamilton. By 1920, the Durand neighbourhood was considered to be the “exclusive” neighbourhood in Hamilton. However, the Great Depression and the Second World War took their tolls on the fortunes of many of the established Durand households. Owners could no longer afford the taxes and upkeep on their homes, and many of the grander residences were either demolished and replaced with middle-class low-rise housing, or were renovated to become low-rise apartment buildings. Much of the heritage of the neighbourhood survives today.
The Hamilton A.A.A. Grounds, (Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds), is a park that was home to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats from 1872-1949. Entrance to the park at Queen Street South is right before Charlton Avenue West. Today it is also the site of the Hamilton Tennis Club. Today Ivor Wynne Stadium is the home of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. It's off of Beachwood Avenue, 2 blocks West of Gage Avenue North.
The TH&B Railway came into Hamilton in 1895. A railway tunnel was then constructed from Queen to Park Street to cut down on the noise, pollution and disruption for the wealthy families who lived South of Jackson Street in the Durand neighbourhood.
In 1964, Imperial Tobacco Company's Hamilton operations are moved to Guelph, Ontario. Originally it was known as the Tuckett Tobacco Company which was started up by George Elias Tuckett, (1835–1900), who was also Hamilton's 27th Mayor in 1896. Today the property is the site of two high-rise apartment buildings, Queen's Terrace and Oxford Heights. Tuckett's home was the Scottish Rite Castle, also on Queen Street, remains as one of Hamilton's most magnificent structures. At its peak the Tuckett Tobacco Company employed 600 workers and products were sold throughout the world. The first factory opened up in the 1860s near the intersection of King and Bay Streets. The Queen Street North factory opened up 28 February 1891 and stayed opened until 17 September 1966.
Bruce Trail
One can reach the Bruce Trail via Queen Street South. The trail cuts through the city along the Niagara Escarpment (mountain) and used by many locals for a full days hike. The Trail is long and starts at Niagara Falls, passes through Hamilton and ends at the Bruce Peninsula. Hikers are led to scenic gorges, hidden waterfalls and places of quiet charm.
Landmarks
Note: Listing of Landmarks from North to South.
Canadian National Railway Yards
A City Window & Glass, building
Queen's Terrace/ Oxford Heights (25 & 20 storey building apartments)
Gary Hill Parkette (park)
Queen 75 (22 storey condominium towers)
Queen Elizabeth Tower (18 storey apartment building)
All Saints Church, Hamilton, Ontario
Scottish Rite Castle, Originally the home of George Elias Tuckett, (1835–1900), Tuckett Tobacco Company owner + Hamilton's 27th Mayor in 1896.
Grand Lodge of Canada, behind the Scottish Rite Castle on King Street West
Canadian Pacific Railway tunnel, (Tunnel extends from Queen to Park Street)
Hess Village, Western end of George Street.
Queen's Court, (2 building blocks, 3-stories each)
Players' Guild of Hamilton, Inc. (theatre)
Jackson Villa, (12-storey apartment building)
Queensvilla Condominiums
Capital Terrace, (20-storey apartment building)
Savaria Tower, (14-storey apartment building)
Pannonia Tower, (18-storey apartment building)
Hamilton Amateur Athletic Association Grounds
Hamilton Tennis Club
Beckett Drive, a Mountain-access road
Bruce Trail
Niagara Escarpment (mountain)
CommunitiesNote: Listing of neighbourhoods from North to South
Strathcona/ Central - (The financial center of Hamilton), Queen Street is the division between these two neighbourhoods.
Kirkendall North/ Durand, Queen Street'' is the division between these two neighbourhoods.
Kirkendall South
Images
See also
Niagara Escarpment Commission
References
MapArt Golden Horseshoe Atlas - Page 647 - Grids F11, G11, H11, J11
External links
Hess Village: Official web site
Kirkendall.ca (Kirkendall neighbourhood)
Bruce Trail Association
Hikes on the Bruce Trail
Google Maps: Queen Street (Hybrid)
Roads in Hamilton, Ontario
Jo Hamilton (born in Eton, Berkshire) is a leading British interior designer and artist, known for their expertise in colour.  They are the founder and creative director of Jo Hamilton Interiors, taking on residential and commercial work in the UK and abroad. Hamilton is also a newspaper columnist and runs interior design courses at their London offices, in Belsize Park.
Hamilton is a show ambassador and key speaker for House, in Dublin's RDS, and the Index Exhibition, in Dubai's World Trade Centre. They were also the long-term resident interior designer at Grand Designs Live in both London and Birmingham as well as a key speaker and one of three "show ambassadors" along with Kevin McCloud and Charlie Luxton, and formerly George Clarke (architect).
Further keynote public speaking appointments have included London's Decorex, the International Contemporary Furniture Fair (ICFF), in New York, and the International Property Awards, for which they are a judge. Hamilton also became a What House? Awards judge in 2016, with What House? editorial director Rupert Bates stating: “We are delighted to have Jo on board.  They are hugely talented and regarded and joins an outstanding panel of judges.”  They are a judge also for the Index Architecture and Design Awards.
Hamilton has appeared on Sky Living series Who'd Be a Billionaire?, BBC's What To Do With The House (When The Kids Leave) and ITV's 60-Minute Makeover, among others.
Hamilton regularly features in interviews about interior design trends and issues by media outlets that have included The Independent, the Daily Telegraph, The Times, Irish Independent, Metro, BBC, International Property & Travel, Rightmove, and UAE fashion magazine Elite Monde, among others.
Hamilton has worked on interior design-related PR activities with a number of respected companies, including Virgin Money UK and First Time Buyer Online. In 2014, they were commissioned by homewares chain HomeSense to open a series of new stores across England, including Cheltenham, Solihull and Salisbury. Hamilton has also been a brand ambassador for Bosch Power Tools - also known as Robert Bosch GmbH - and Dulux.
From a young age Hamilton believed they would become an artist, with their "first love" being fashion design. They became an interior designer in 1995 with a brief professional background in graphic design before they had three children.
Them father, Brian Clarke, writes a monthly column for The Times, on fly-fishing and the environment.
References
1969 births
Living people
British interior designers
Interior design firms
People from Eton, Berkshire
Anti-homelessness legislation can take two forms: legislation that aims to help and re-house homeless people; and legislation that is intended to send homeless people to homeless shelters compulsorily, or to criminalize homelessness and begging.
International law
Since the publication of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (Charter of the United Nations — UN) in 1948, the public perception has been increasingly changing to a focus on the human right to housing, travel and migration as a part of individual self-determination rather than the human condition. The Declaration, an international law reinforcement of the Nuremberg Trial Judgements, upholds the rights of one nation to intervene in the affairs of another if said nation is abusing its citizens, and rose out of a 1939–1945 World War II Atlantic environment of extreme split between "haves" and "have nots." Article 6 of the 1998 Declaration of Human Duties and Responsibilities declares that members of the global community have individual and collective duties and responsibilities to take appropriate action to prevent the commission gross or systematic human rights abuses. The modern study of homeless phenomena is most frequently seen in this historical context.
Laws supporting homeless people
Laws supporting homeless people generally place obligations on the state to support or house homeless people.
United Kingdom
The 1834 Poor Law Amendment Act required parish unions to supply houses for workers but these unions purposely made these work houses unattractive in order to discourage workers from applying for housing. This Act also made casual wards known as "spikes" available for those who needed temporary housing in return for their labor. It was estimated that approximately 30,000 to 80,000 people used the spikes in the early 1900s in Great Britain.
Under the Homeless Reduction Act 2017 unhoused persons should be able to access assistance from their council. Councils also must work to prevent people from becoming unhoused, and families with children will still be housed by councils.
Part 7 of the Housing Act 1996 provides action to prevent homelessness and also to provide assistance to those which are threatened with homelessness.
Wales
In 2014, a law was implicated which means that the councils must attempt to stop people becoming homeless in the first place. Prior to this law, councils only had to assist unhoused persons labelled under 'priority', which included mostly families with young children.
According to the charity Crisis, this law has increased council efficiency via more proficient services, including fewer families being placed into expensive emergency accommodation.
Scotland
The Homelessness etc. (Scotland) Act 2003 was legislation passed by the Scottish Parliament that set the goal of providing permanent residence to those deemed unintentionally homeless. Following, the Homeless Persons (Unsuitable Accommodation) (Scotland) Order 2004 was passed in 2004. This order made it so that, unless exceptional circumstances were present, any familial unit including children or an expectant mother was not placed in "unsuitable temporary housing". Scotland's most recent anti-homelessness legislation is entitled The Housing Support Services (Homelessness)(Scotland) Regulations 2012, and it came into full effect on June 1, 2013. These regulations require local authorities to assist homeless people in a variety of ways, including help in adjusting to a new living situation, debt counseling and managing a personal budget.
Since 2012, Scotland have gained some of the strongest homelessness rights in the world. This is as a result of the insertion of having no distinction between the idea of 'priority' and 'non-priority' homeless, this creates an opportunity for anyone houseless to be entitled to at least temporary, and usually permanent accommodation.
United States
1987 McKinney Vento Act ---
A change created by the amendments of 1992 was the creation of the Access to Community Care and Effective Services and Support program (or ACCESS); this program was created in order to assist the homeless people who had both serious mental illness issues, and substance abuse problems and lasted a total of 5 years.
The Fair Housing Act passed in 1968 was designed to protect those who were traditionally discriminated against by housing agencies because of their race, gender, religion, familial status, and disability. Some states and cities also gave homeless people equal access to housing accommodations regardless of their income. Although this Act did not specifically refer to the homeless population, the main beneficiaries of this law were homeless individuals.
The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, also known as the ADA states that people with disabilities must be given appropriate housing accommodations that meet their special needs. Additionally, people with disabilities should be given the chance to interact with people who do not have disability.
Laws criminalizing behaviors engaged in by homeless people
Use of the law that criminalizes homeless people generally takes on one of five forms:
Restricting the public areas in which sitting or sleeping are allowed.
Removing homeless people from particular areas.
Prohibiting begging.
Selective enforcement of laws.
Selective creation of laws. (The French novelist Anatole France noted this phenomenon as long ago as 1894, famously observing that "the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges".)
England and Wales
The 1977 Housing (Homeless Persons) Act greatly restricted requirements for housing homeless people so that only individuals who were affected by natural disasters could receive housing accommodations from the local authorities. This led to the rejection of the majority of homeless applications received by the local government. This Act also made it difficult for homeless individuals without children to receive accommodations provided by local authorities.
Rough sleeping is viewed as a criminal offence under Vagrancy Act 1824. Nowadays, this law is used primarily used to move individuals without formal caution or arrest.
United States
Homeless people find it harder to secure employment, housing, or federal benefits with a criminal record, and therefore penalizing the act of being homeless makes exiting such a situation much more difficult. Although the court's opinion in Jones v. City of Los Angeles (see above) was vacated, the result suggests that criminalizing homelessness may be unconstitutional. Similarly, in response to growing reports of hate crimes, some state governments have proposed the addition of "people experiencing homelessness" to their hate-crimes statutes.
One study in Colorado examined a common justification for anti-homelessness laws—that a "tough love" approach ultimately improved the lives of homeless people—and found that the homeless reported worse quality of life due to the laws. Another study in California found that people experiencing extreme poverty face apathy, disrespect, and discrimination from police enforcing anti-homelessness laws, resulting in a reluctance to seek services and to engage with outreach when offered.
Europe
The European Court of Human Rights ruled that an anti-begging ordinance in Geneva violated human rights in the 2021 Lăcătuş v. Switzerland case. The plaintiff was from the Romani people in Romania and had been fined more than 400 euros for begging.
Hungary
Hungary is the only country where criminalization of homelessness is addressed in its constitution, which is seen as part of a broader illiberal governance in the country. Sleeping in a public space is illegal and violators can be fined or jailed. One study found that the criminalization of homelessness increased tolerance for extralegal violence against homeless individuals.
Anti-homeless architecture
Anti-homeless architecture is an urban design strategy that is intended to discourage loitering, camping, and sleeping in public. While this policy does not explicitly target homeless people, it restricts the ways in which people can use public spaces, which affects the homeless population.
This strategy can take many forms, including:
Reducing the number of sitting areas in public spaces.
Installing bolts and spikes in flat surfaces in order to make sleeping on them uncomfortable.
Installing dividers on metal benches to prevent sleeping.
Metal teeth and bars on ledges to prevent sitting.
Boulders placed in parks to prevent homeless encampments.
These forms of architecture are also referred to as hostile architecture. They can make life for the unhoused persons more difficult as they modify public spaces that would otherwise be accessible. Arguments are put forward that the resources spent on the upkeep and design of hostile architecture should instead spend on addressing the root causes of homelessness.
The Oregon Department of Transportation placed large boulders in several locations to discourage illegal camping near freeways. Anti-homeless spikes were installed in London, England, and New York City in order to make homeless activity more difficult. Anti-homeless architecture is a common tactic in major cities. Local governments often employ anti-homeless architecture practices following complaints from local business owners as the presence of homeless individuals lowers property prices and discourages business traffic.
Critics of anti-homeless architecture claim that it targets an already vulnerable population, and that it hides the effects of homelessness, rather than meaningfully addressing it.
Perception of homelessness and policy implications
United States
The authors of a 2017 study on homelessness stated that homeless people have a higher incidence of sickness, with their most common health problem being skin problems. Homeless people also have a lack of access to sanitation, leading to poor hygiene. These characteristics are noticeable and may trigger reactions of disgust from onlookers who are inclined, at an evolutionary level, to be pathogen-averse. This leads the general public to keep their physical distance from homeless people, and promotes exclusionary policies. As an example, these authors state that while the majority of the general public support subsidized housing for homeless individuals, they do not want that housing in their own neighborhood.
But the public also maintains concern for homeless people, supporting increases in federal spending on homelessness programs. In fact, when surveyed, the public supports spending on homelessness over other social problems by consistently putting homeless people in the top third of their spending priorities.
Respondents to surveys also feel that 55% of homeless people are addicted to drugs or alcohol, and that 45% of homeless people have been to jail before. The majority of U.S. residents surveyed also think that homeless people make neighborhood worse, and that their presence brings down the profitability of local businesses.
See also
Vagrancy law
Homelessness
Criminalization
Discrimination against homeless people
Sit-lie ordinance
References
External links
Constitutional Problems with Criminalization Measures National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty.
Class discrimination
Discrimination against the homeless
law
Homelessness solutions
Human rights by issue
Statutory law
Housing legislation
Yedashe is a town in Taungoo District, Bago Region in Myanmar. It is the administrative seat of Yedashe Township.Technological University Toungoo is located near this township.
History
Yedashe was the site of the battle of Yedashe in the larger Battle of the Yunnan-Burma Road, on 5-8 April 1942.
Notes
External links
"Yedashe Map — Satellite Images of Yedashe" Maplandia World Gazetteer
Township capitals of Myanmar
Populated places in Bago Region
Maurice H. Webster was a Chicago area architect who designed private homes and public buildings, including the award-winning Chess Pavilion on Chicago's lakefront.
Personal life
Webster was born September 20, 1892 in Evanston Illinois, the youngest child of Chicago industrialist Towner K. Webster and Emma Josephine Kitchell. Their older brother was author Henry Kitchell Webster. Maurice was trained as an architect at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. In 1916 they were licensed to practice in Illinois.
Their first commission was to build a summer home for their father. Bee Tree Farm, in Oregon Illinois, was completed in 1917. It was a wood frame house with a great room and a large screened-in porch overlooking a pool and pastureland beyond. Some years later, their nephew, the noted artist Stokely Webster, described the Bee Tree as a “magical place” that shaped their style of painting. Maurice Webster went on to have a long career designing a public building and private homes in a variety of architectural styles. Among their projects, Webster would build an airport, a castle, a stadium and field house, and Chicago's Chess Pavilion. They died on May 17, 1982 in Evanston.
Sky Harbor
Webster went into partnership with architect Alfred P. Allen. In 1929 they designed the Club House at Sky Harbor Airport in Northbrook Illinois, a suburb north of Chicago. The United Aviation Corporation conceived of Sky Harbor as an “aviation country club,” and spent an unheard of $500,000 on its construction. The central feature and public face of the airport was the Club House. The Chicago Tribune described it as the “latest thing in modernistic architecture and also reminiscent of ancient Aztec buildings.” It had a large square base with each succeeding floor stepping back to form a central tower. The first floor contained a waiting room and public facilities. The second floor housed a restaurant and nightclub. The third floor had a lounge and rooms for overnight guests. Outside, the building was surrounded by terraces where people could watch the airplanes. The Club House opened in June 1929. But the Great Depression brought an end to Sky Harbor just six months later. The building was later destroyed by fire.
Stronghold Castle
At about the same time that Sky Harbor was on the drawing boards, Webster was hired to design a home for Walter A. Strong, the publisher of the Chicago Daily News. Architecturally, this project was worlds apart from Sky Harbor. And it still stands. Strong wanted to build a summer home for their wife and five young children. They had purchased 360 acres of wooded property north of Oregon, Illinois that included a limestone bluff overlooking the Rock River. Their wife, Josephine, was Maurice Webster's older sister, so Strong had been a frequent guest at Bee Tree Farm. They wanted Webster to design a house that would sit atop the bluff. The original concept was to build a simple barn and silo structure, but it quickly grew into something resembling a castle, with 16 bedrooms, 9 baths, and 8 fireplaces. It took two years to complete and cost $85,000.
The castle was done in a Tudor Revival architectural style that was influenced by Strong's travels to Europe and their English ancestry. It came to be known as the Stronghold Castle. It had a Great Hall reminiscent of a medieval banqueting room, a circular library with a movable bookcase that revealed a secret passage, and a five-story circular tower with a staircase that seemed to float as it spiraled upwards. Webster accomplished that effect by using unseen steel rods to cantilever each tread out from the wall. At the top was an observation deck with commanding views of the surrounding countryside.
The Strong family spent their first summer in residence in 1930. In 1962, the family sold Stronghold to the Presbyterian Church. It now serves as a four-season retreat, conference center and camp. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers would go there for team building exercises and marvel at how the staircase was built.
Beloit College stadium and field house
Walter Strong was a graduate and trustee of Beloit College. After their untimely death, in 1931, Josephine donated the funds to build a stadium in their honor. Maurice Webster was commissioned to design Strong Stadium. It was a contemporary poured concrete structure with a series of ramps and passageways. It seated 1,600 and was dedicated October 13, 1934. Its seating capacity was later increased. It is still in use today.
After World War II, the G.I. Bill increased the size of the student body at the college. The 1904 gymnasium was no longer adequate. In 1946, Beloit College began planning a field house that could serve as a gymnasium and provide space for large events, such as concerts and commencement ceremonies. The College bought an unused Army aircraft hangar, that was boxed but had never been shipped overseas. This provided the basic structure for the field house, but it needed an architect to bring the plan to fruition. They turned once again to Maurice Webster to design the field house. The project was deceptively complex. It was to include balconies, a running track, locker rooms, exercise rooms and showers. The College paid $11,000 for the surplus hangar, but the ultimate construction cost was $300,000. Dedicated on December 6, 1947, is described as “strikingly modern, through the base of a pylon of concrete and glass.”
Chess Pavilion
Ever since the 1930s, North Avenue Beach had been a popular summer spot for Chicagoans to gather and play chess. In the 1950s, Laurens Hammond, Chairman of the Board of the Hammond Organ Company, and a chess lover himself, donated $90,000 for the construction of a new Chess Pavilion at North Beach. Maurice Webster, Hammond's friend, was commissioned to design the Pavilion.
The Pavilion, a modern open-air structure made of Indiana limestone and sweeping concrete forms, is both “architectural and a sculptural work of art.” A seating area covered by a thin, wing-like roof overlooks Lake Michigan. Five-foot tall sculptures of king and queen chess pieces flank the area, while other pieces are incised in limestone. These were created by artist Boris Gilbertson (1907-1982).
The Chess Pavilion was opened in 1957. That year, it received a citation of merit from the Chicago Chapter of the American Institute of Architects. It has been delighting people ever since. Blair Kamin, architecture critic for the Chicago Tribune, wrote the Pavilion is “at once a sculptural object, and orienting device and a lively people place.” In 2016, it earned a honorable mention for the Leicester B. Holland prize.
References
1892 births
1982 deaths
Architects from Chicago
Cornell University alumni
"Celos" ("Jealousy") is a song by Mexican singer-songwriter Daniela Romo. It was released in 1983 as the third single from their self-titled album.
Background
Mexican singer Daniela Romo released their self-titled second studio album with the lead single "Mentiras" ("Lies") in 1983 which became Romo's first number-one single in Mexico. "Celos" was released as the third single from the album and also peaked atop the charts in the country for 32 weeks. "Celos" was awarded a Gold certificacion by the Asociación Mexicana de Productores de Fonogramas y Videogramas.
Fanny Lu version
In 2009, Colombian singer Fanny Lu recorded a cover version of the song, which was included on their second studio album Dos.
Charts
See also
List of number-one hits of 1983 (Mexico)
References
1983 songs
2009 singles
Daniela Romo songs
Fanny Lu songs
Spanish-language songs
Songs written by José Luis Perales
EMI Records singles
Universal Music Latino singles
Giovanna Tinetti (born 1 April 1972) is an Italian physicist based in London.  They are a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at University College London, who researches galactic planetary science, exoplanets and atmospheric science.
Early life and education
Giovanna Tinetti was born in 1972 in Turin, Italy. They earned an MA in Astrophysics in 1997 and an MSc in Fluid Dynamics and Energetics in 1998 at the University of Turin. They completed PhD in Theoretical Physics under Professor Luigi Sertorio in 2003.
Research and career
Tinetti joined NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in 2003 as a postdoctoral researcher and remained in NASA's Astrobiology Institute until 2005. They joined the Institut d'Astrophysique de Paris as a European Space Agency as an external fellow in 2005, where they were the first to identify water vapour in the atmosphere of a planet beyond our solar system. They went on to secure a STFC Aurora Fellowship to pursue their research at University College London in 2007.
In 2009, Tinetti was made a research fellow of the Royal Society. They coordinated the European Space Agency's EChO Mission (Exoplanet Characterisation Observatory), which was backed by ESA, in 2013. Today they are the Principal Investigator of ARIEL, Atmospheric Remote-sensing Infrared Exoplanet Large-survey, one of three candidate-missions selected by European Space Agency for the next medium class (M4) science mission.  They are Principal Investigator for the European Research Council Consolidator program Exo-Lights - Decoding the light from other worlds.
 They are on the editorial board of Springer's Experimental Astronomy and Proceedings of the Royal Society A.
They currently lecture the UCL Physics of Exoplanets course (PHASM312 / 4630 / SPCEG011 / SS4) for the 2017/18 academic year, and is the Principal Investigator of the future ARIEL space telescope to be launched in 2028.
Public engagement and outreach
Tinetti regularly shares their enthusiasm for exoplanets and space science with non-expert audiences, contributing to websites, giving public lectures, appearing at science festivals and appearing on the television. Tinetti appears regularly on the BBC's Sky At Night and Stargazing Live. They featured in the 2012 Sky at Night Question and Answer book which accompanied the series. They have discussed the quest for exoplanets on several radio and television programs and podcasts.
In 2012, they were included in the London 2012 Olympics See Britain campaign, where recognised the "UK's ability to harness the best from the past whilst looking to the future has created the perfect conditions for great scientific innovation".
In 2013 they released a popular science book, "I pianeti extrasolari" (Extrasolar Planets), describing the history of exoplanets, detection techniques and likelihood of finding alien life. In 2016, they were an invited speaker at the Israel Institute for Advanced Studies.
Tinetti is co-director of Blue Skies Space Limited, a commercial enterprise for space science projects.  They are the Science Lead for the Citizen Science project Twinkle, a small, low-cost spectroscopy mission that decodes the light from extrasolar planets developed by Surrey Satellite Technology and UCL.
Awards
2011 - Moseley Medal & Prize Institute of Physics
2009 - NASA Group Achievement Award, with Mark Swain and Gautam Vasisht
2009 - Edward Stone Award, JPL
1999 - SIF Award for best young Italian physicist, Italian Society of Physics
1998 - ENEA Award for best MSc thesis, Italian National Agency for Energy & Environment
See also
List of women in leadership positions on astronomical instrumentation projects
References
1972 births
Living people
Italian women physicists
Women astrophysicists
Exoplanetology
21st-century Italian physicists
Women planetary scientists
Planetary scientists
21st-century Italian women scientists
Zindagi Ek Juaa () is a 1992 Hindi tragedy drama film directed and produced by Prakash Mehra. It stars Anil Kapoor, Madhuri Dixit, Suresh Oberoi, Shakti Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Amrish Puri as main cast. The music was composed by Bappi Lahiri.
Synopsis
After saving the life of their employer, Jagjit Singh, alias J.J., Harikishan is promoted with a wage increase that they had only dreamt of. Anxious to please their employer, Harikishan agrees to have their name changed to Harry, and does anything that they are instructed to do. Soon Harry realises that they have been aiding their employer in illegal activities. When they try to break away, they are told that their mother is and will be held captive to guarantee their cooperation. Harry must now come up with a scheme that will guarantee their safety as well as the freedom of their mom, and at the same time save themselves from being arrested by the police.
Cast
Anil Kapoor as Harikishan "Harry"
Madhuri Dixit as Juhi Singh
Suresh Oberoi as CBI Officer Suresh Chandra Bhatnagar
Shakti Kapoor as Shakti Dholakia
Anupam Kher as Jagjeet Singh "J.J."
Amrish Puri as Bhalla
Mangal Dhillon as Mangal
Anant Jog as Lobo
Roma Manek as Dancer in Shakti Dancing Group
Asha Sharma as Harry's Mother
Soundtrack
External links
Movietalkies
1992 films
1992 drama films
1990s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Prakash Mehra
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
Michael Riedel may refer to:
Michael Riedel (artist) (born 1972), German contemporary artist
Michael Riedel (journalist), theater columnist for the New York Post
The Allies, is a composite team competing in interstate representative Australian rules football matches that comprises players from several minor states and territories, typically the Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Northern Territory, Queensland and Tasmania.
The senior men's Allies contested senior State of Origin interstate football in the 1990s, and the senior women's Allies contested a match in 2017. Allies teams have also contested the AFL Under 18/19 Championships since 2016 for boys and 2017 for girls.
History
The team was first proposed as part of the AFL Commission's five-year plan released in August 1994. The AFL Commission in 1991 took over as national governing body which including administering interstate football; this replaced the council of state-based governing bodies which had run their representative teams independently. The composite team was intended to renew the public's waning interest in the state of origin series by creating a single team which would be selected under pure state of origin rules, and which would be more competitive against the main states (Victoria, South Australia and Western Australia) than any individual minor state team. The venture gave players from those states the opportunity to compete against the main states. The team was launched as the Australian Football Alliance in March 1995, nicknamed the Allies
The team's first match in 1995 was a win against Western Australia at Subiaco Oval. Its last match was in 1998 against Victoria the Brisbane Cricket Ground, a 53-point loss. Its overall record was two wins (both against Western Australia) and two losses (both against Victoria). The best on ground for the Allies in each game received the Alex Jesaulenko Medal, named in honour of future Hall of Fame Legend Alex Jesaulenko, who began their playing career in Canberra. During its State of Origin tenure, the Allies attracted lower crowds than other major state representative sides; their sole home crowd was 13,977 (in Brisbane) in 1998, when a record six Queenslanders were part of the side.
The senior Allies team has not competed since the end of State of Origin representative football in 1999. Since that time, composite teams under the names of Dream Team and All Stars have twice competed in one-off senior State of Origin matches against Victoria; these teams drew on all players of non-Victorian origin, rather than just from the traditional Allies states, and were branded differently to the Allies. These teams played against Victoria in 2008 and in 2020 respectively.
Since 2016, the Allies team has competed in Division 1 of the AFL Under 18/19s Championships. The team is selected from the top players in the former Division 2 state teams – New South Wales/Australian Capital Territory, Queensland, Tasmania and Northern Territory. As of 2021, the team is yet to win a championship.
Identity
The AFL chose the team's name to honour the Allies of World War II, which were celebrating the 50th anniversary of the war victory that year.
The senior Allies wore a guernsey with teal and black halves in 1995, and added a jagged white-trimmed orange field from 1996. Its guernseys and logos featured a stylised letter A formed from a black star on a white background. Since its re-establishment as an underage team, the Allies guernsey remains based on the 90s design, but is predominately sky blue instead of teal, and adds a dark green stripe and maroon cuffs and socks – thus representing the state sporting colour of each of its composite state and territory teams.
In the AFLW, the team has worn orange and purple. The Dream Team/All-Stars have worn all white and gold/tan, mainly to avoid clashing with the darker Big V jumpers. The AFLW Allies guernsey since 2021 also includes green to acknowledge the inclusion of Tasmania.
The latest All Stars design featured a Commonwealth Star within an A symbol.
1995 Allies AFL State of Origin Squad vs Western Australia in Perth
Coach:
Captain:
Vice Captain:
Deputy Vice Captain:
Australian Capital Territory
Brett Allison (North Melbourne Kangaroos)
Don Pyke (West Coast Eagles)
New South Wales
Billy Brownless (Geelong Cats)
Paul Kelly (Sydney Swans)
Northern Territory
Nathan Buckley (Collingwood Magpies)
Gary Dhurrkay (Fremantle Dockers)
Adrian McAdam (North Melbourne Kangaroos)
Michael McLean (Brisbane Bears)
Darryl White (Brisbane Bears)
Queensland
Marcus Ashcroft (Brisbane Bears)
Che Cockatoo-Collins (Essendon Bombers)
Gavin Crosisca (Collingwood Magpies)
Tasmania
Chris Bond (Richmond Tigers)
Matthew Febey (Melbourne Demons)
Steven Febey (Melbourne Demons)
Michael Gale (Richmond Tigers)
Simon Minton-Connell (Hawthorn Hawks)
Ryan O'Connor (Essendon Bombers)
Darrin Pritchard (Hawthorn Hawks)
James Shanahan (St Kilda Saints)
Jason Taylor (Hawthorn Hawks)
Paul Williams (Collingwood Magpies)
1996 Allies AFL State of Origin Squad vs Victoria in Melbourne
Coach: Neale Daniher (New South Wales)
Captain: Jason Dunstall (Queensland)
Vice Captain:
Deputy Vice Captain:
New South Wales
Billy Brownless (Geelong Cats)
Shane Crawford (Hawthorn Hawks)
Ben Doolan (Essendon Bombers)
Mark Roberts (North Melbourne Kangaroos)
Greg Stafford (Sydney Swans)
Northern Territory
Nathan Buckley (Collingwood Magpies)
Ronnie Burns (Geelong Cats)
Scott Chisholm (Fremantle Dockers)
Darryl White (Brisbane Bears)
Queensland
Marcus Ashcroft (Brisbane Bears)
Jason Akermanis (Brisbane Bears)
Che Cockatoo-Collins (Essendon Bombers)
Jason Dunstall (Hawthorn Hawks)
Michael Voss (Brisbane Bears)
Tasmania
Chris Bond (Richmond Tigers)
Matthew Febey (Melbourne Demons)
Adrian Fletcher (Brisbane Bears)
Michael Gale (Richmond Tigers)
Ryan O'Connor (Essendon Bombers)
Matthew Richardson (Richmond Tigers)
James Shanahan (St Kilda Saints)
Graham Wright (Collingwood Magpies)
1997 Allies AFL State of Origin Squad vs Western Australia in Perth
Coach: Neale Daniher (New South Wales)
Captain: Jason Dunstall (Queensland)
Vice Captain:
Deputy Vice Captain:
Australian Capital Territory
Don Pyke (West Coast Eagles)
New South Wales
Stefan Carey (Sydney Swans)
Ben Doolan (Essendon Bombers)
Jason Mooney (Sydney Swans)
Northern Territory
Nathan Buckley (Collingwood Magpies)
Ronnie Burns (Geelong Cats)
Gary Dhurrkay (Fremantle Dockers)
Andrew McLeod (Adelaide Crows)
Darryl White (Brisbane Lions)
Queensland
Jason Akermanis (Brisbane Lions)
Marcus Ashcroft (Brisbane Lions)
Danny Dickfos (Brisbane Lions)
Clarke Keating (Brisbane Lions)
Tasmania
Chris Bond (Richmond Tigers)
Darren Cresswell (Sydney Swans)
Brendon Gale (Richmond Tigers)
Michael Gale (Richmond Tigers)
Trent Nichols (Richmond Tigers)
James Shanahan (St Kilda Saints)
Paul Williams (Collingwood Magpies)
1998 Allies AFL State of Origin Squad vs Victoria in Brisbane
Coach: Damian Drum
Captain:
Vice Captain:
Deputy Vice Captain:
Australian Capital Territory
Justin Blumfield (Essendon Bombers)
Aaron Hamill (Carlton Blues)
New South Wales
Shane Crawford (Sydney Swans)
Jason Mooney (Sydney Swans)
Brad Seymour (Sydney Swans)
Dean Solomon (Essendon Bombers)
Northern Territory
Joel Bowden (Richmond Tigers)
Ronnie Burns (Geelong Cats)
Darryl White (Brisbane Lions)
Queensland
Jason Akermanis (Brisbane Lions)
Marcus Ashcroft (Brisbane Lions)
Danny Dickfos (Brisbane Lions)
Matthew Kennedy (Brisbane Lions)
Stephen Lawrence (Hawthorn Hawks)
Tasmania
Daryn Cresswell (Sydney Swans)
Matthew Febey (Melbourne Demons)
Michael Gale (Richmond Tigers)
Ben Harrison (Richmond Tigers)
Paul Hudson (Footscray/Western Bulldogs)
Michael Martin (Footscray/Western Bulldogs)
Dion Scott (Brisbane Lions)
Matthew Young (St Kilda Saints)
AFL Women's
In senior women's football, an Allies interstate team incorporated players from the traditional Allies states as well as South Australia and Western Australia for a one-off match against Victoria in July 2017 at Etihad Stadium. Victoria won by 97 points.
At the Under 18/19s level, composite teams under the Allies name have competed in the AFL Women's Under 18 Championships since the 2017 season; however, these are differently composed to the men's competition. In 2017, the Allies comprised players from South Australia, Northern Territory and Tasmania; and since 2018, two separate Allies teams have competed: the Central Allies (Northern Territory and South Australia) and Eastern Allies (New South Wales, ACT and Tasmania). Queensland, historically an Allies state in men's/boys' football, is one of the stronger states in women's football and competes stand-alone.
References
Allies State of Origin players
Australian rules interstate football
Australian rules football representative teams
Australian rules football State of Origin
Civilized is the third and final album by indie rock band Stellastarr. It was released in the United States on July 7, 2009.
Track listing
"Robot" – 3:00
"Freak Out" – 3:27
"Tokyo Sky" – 4:16
"Numbers" – 3:50
"Graffiti Eyes" – 3:41
"Prom Zombie" – 3:26
"Warchild" – 3:33
"People" – 3:15
"Move On" – 4:02
"Sonja Cries" – 4:45
"Underneath the Knife" – 3:11 (iTunes only bonus track)
References
External links
Official MySpace
2009 albums
Stellastarr albums
Brad Jamar Ford (born January 11, 1974) is a former American football cornerback for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). They were drafted by the Lions in the fourth round (129th overall) of the 1996 NFL Draft.
College career
Ford initially attended Fresno City College in 1992 and 1993, before transferring to the University of Alabama. While at Alabama, they appeared in 23 games and recorded two interceptions, one returned for a touchdown.
Professional career
Ford was selected in the fourth round (129th overall) of the 1996 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions. While with the Lions, they appeared in 14 games as a rookie, recording five tackles.
References
1974 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
Detroit Lions players
Rhynchosauroides is an ichnogenus, a form taxon based on footprints. The organism producing the footprints was likely a lepidosaur and may have been a sphenodont, an ancestor of the modern tuatara. The footprint consists of five digits, of which the fifth is shortened and the first highly shortened.
Species
R. beasleyi Nopsca, 1923
R. bornemanni Haubold, 1966
R. brunswickii Ryan and Willard, 1947
R. gangresci da Silva et al., 2012
R. hyperbates Baird, 1957
R. kuletae Baird, 1957
R. majus Demathieu, 1967
R. maximus Gand, 1974
R. minutipes Maidwell, 1914
R. pallinii <small>Conti et al.', 1977</small>R. palmatus Lull, 1942R. petri Demathieu, 1966R. pusillus Haubold, 1966R. rdzaneki Ptaszynski, 2000R. rectipes Beasley, 1911R. retroversipes da Silva et al., 2008R. santanderensis Demathieu and Saiz de Omeñaca, 1977R. schochardti von Lilienstern, 1939R. sphaerodactylus Demathieu, 1971R. tirolicus Abel, 1926R. triangulus Gand, 1977R. virgiliae'' Demathieu et al., 1978
See also
List of dinosaur ichnogenera
References
Reptile trace fossils
Hylomus rhinoparvus is a species of dragon millipede in the family Paradoxosomatidae. It is only known from Houaphanh Province of northeastern Laos.
It was first described, along with H. rhinoceros, in 2015. Both species were discovered in Laos, the first dragon millipedes identified there, H. rhinoparvus in the north of the country and H. rhinoceros in the south. The holotype is in the Museum of Zoology, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok, Thailand.
The body length is in males and in females. The color is dark brown.
References
Millipedes of Asia
Arthropods of Laos
Endemic fauna of Laos
Animals described in 2015
is a type of Japanese pottery traditionally from Izushi, Hyōgo prefecture in western Japan.
External links
http://www.izushi.co.jp/experiences02/
Culture in Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese pottery
Statistics of Belgian League in season 1985–86.
Overview
It was performed by 18 teams, and R.S.C. Anderlecht won the championship, while K. Waterschei S.V. Thor Genk & Lierse S.K. were relegated.
League standings
Results
Topscorers
References
Belgian First Division A seasons
Belgian
1
The 2017 FIBA 3x3 Under-18 Europe Cup was the third edition of the Under-18 3x3 Europe Championships that was organized by FIBA Europe and was held between 1 and 3 September 2017, in Debrecen, Hungary. This 3x3 basketball event featured separate competitions for men's and women's national teams.
Qualification
The qualification events took place in Szolnok, Hungary and Riga, Latvia on 5-6 August 2017. A total of 12 teams of each gender will be qualified for the championship through one of two qualifying tournaments.
Men
Women
See also
2017 FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup
References
External links
Official website
2017
International basketball competitions hosted by Hungary
2017 in 3x3 basketball
2017–18 in Hungarian basketball
Sport in Debrecen
September 2017 sports events in Europe
Rasm al-Abed () is a Syrian town located in Dayr Hafir District, Aleppo. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Rasm al-Abed had a population of 2,416 in the 2004 census. Rasm al-Abed was captured by Syrian Arab Army on 15 March 2017 from ISIS.
References
Populated places in Dayr Hafir District
Villages in Aleppo Governorate
Sattar Jabr Naser (born c. 1950s, disappeared 1978) was an Iraqi writer, who disappeared in 1978.
Biography
They were in their 20s when they published their book Reflections on the Book of Ali al-Wardi: Glimpses of the Modern History of Iraq in 1978. The book caused a stir in Baghdad's literary circles.
Disappearance
It is known that Naser was detained and tortured by the security forces of Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein. They were released after three months. Soon after their release, they were arrested for the second, and final time, after which they disappeared.
Aftermath
Naser has never been seen since and their remains have not been found.
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
1950s births
1970s missing person cases
20th-century Iraqi writers
Iraqi writers
Missing people
Missing person cases in Iraq
Phoebe English is an English fashion designer and head of their eponymous brand of women's wear and menswear.
Early life and education
English grew up "100 metres away from Shakespeare's birthplace in Stratford-upon-Avon" and graduated from Central Saint Martins in 2011 with an MA in fashion design.
Work
During the COVID-19 pandemic, English joined with other fashion designers to provide medical clothing to London hospitals. They have received funding to work on more sustainable fashion, and is one of the designers who supported a proposition to the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP26) climate conference. They were one of the artists in the show 'Waste Age' at the Design Museum in London, the timing of the show was set to coincide with the COP26 conference.
In 2016, English participated in the London Fashion Week Men's show and their shift into men's clothing was highlighted by The New York Times who noted they were one of five designers to watch that year.
In 2017, their work was presented in the Victoria and Albert Museum in the Raphael Gallery. Them pieces are in the permanent collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum, and the National Museum of Scotland.
In 2019 they presented their archive collections in miniature in the Morley College Gallery.
Awards and honours
In 2012, English received Vauxhall Fashion Scout's Merit Award to recognize their participation in the 'Ones to Watch' show. They were named to Forbes 30 Under 30 in 2015. In 2021, English was honored with the 'Leaders of Change' award from the British Fashion Council.
References
Living people
People from Stratford-upon-Avon
Alumni of Central Saint Martins
English fashion designers
British women fashion designers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Frédéric Labadie-Lagrave (16 August 1844 – 1917) was a French physician who made important contributions to medical literature.
Biography
Born at Nérac (department of Lot-et-Garonne), Labadie-Lagrave studied medicine in Paris. During the Franco-Prussian War, while still a resident, they saved a large convoy and was decorated on the battleground at Metz. They took their doctor's degree in 1873. In 1879 they became médecin des hôpitaux in Paris, practicing notably at the Charité hospital.
With Germain Sée (1818–1896), Labadie-Lagrave wrote the multi-volume Médecine clinique, to which they made extensive contributions on urology and diseases of the liver, kidneys and bile ducts. Sée's lectures on the diagnostic and treatment of heart diseases were published under their care.
With Felix Legueu (1863–1939) they published Traité médico-chirurgical de gynécologie, an influential book on medical-surgical gynecology.
They also contributed numerous articles to Sigismond Jaccoud's Nouveau dictionnaire de médecine et de chirurgie pratiques (for example, articles on gout, hydrophobia, meninges, nerves).
Labadie-Lagrave translated the first American treatise about neurology, W. A. Hammond's Diseases of the nervous system, C. A. Wunderlich's pioneer German book on body temperature Das Verhalten der Eigenwärme in Krankheiten and Siegmund Rosenstein's Die Pathologie und Therapie der Nierenkrankheiten.
They retired in 1909.
Works
Lists of works
An 1879 list of works
List of works on Sudoc (27 titles, 2012-04-08)
List of online works on Gallica (7 titles, 2012-04-08)
Selected works
Labadie-Lagrave, Frédéric, Observations de paralysie ascendante aiguë
Hammond, William Alexander (1879); Labadie-Lagrave, Frédéric (Translation and notes) (8vo), Traité des maladies du système nerveux : comprenant les maladies du cerveau, les maladies de la moelle et de ses enveloppes, les affections cérébro-spinales, les maladies du système nerveux périphérique et les maladies toxiques du système nerveux. Paris: J.-B. Baillière et fils. Retrieved 2012-03-30. (Translated from Hammond's Treatise on Diseases of the Nervous System)
Sée, Germain (1883); Labadie-Lagrave, Frédéric (Ed.) (8vo), Du diagnostic et du traitement des maladies du cœur et en particulier de leurs formes anormales, par le professeur Germain Sée, leçons recueillies par le Dr F. Labadie-Lagrave. Paris: A. Delahaye & É. Lecrosnier. Retrieved 2012-03-30
Labadie-Lagrave, Frédéric (1888) (8vo). , coll. Médecine clinique, vol. 4, Paris: Adrien Delahaye and Émile Lecrosnier
References
Obituary in the British Medical Journal, 1917 August 11; 2(2954): 201.
French urologists
French gynaecologists
Translators to French
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
1844 births
1917 deaths
People from Nérac
19th-century translators
19th-century French physicians
20th-century French physicians
Isaac Barrientos Flores (25 May 1966 – 14 June 1987) was a Puerto Rican boxer. They competed in the men's super heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. They were shot dead in San Juan, Puerto Rico, aged 21.
References
External links
1966 births
1987 deaths
Puerto Rican male boxers
Olympic boxers of Puerto Rico
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing
Deaths by firearm in Puerto Rico
Male murder victims
Super-heavyweight boxers
Puerto Rican murder victims
The La Trêve River is a tributary of the Maicasagi River located at Eeyou Istchee Baie-James (Municipality), in the Nord-du-Québec, in the Canadian province of Quebec, in Canada.
The course of the river La Trêve successively crosses the townships of Daine and Branssat.
The hydrographic slope of the La Trêve River is accessible on road 113 linking Lebel-sur-Quévillon to Chibougamau. This road goes to South of the mouth of La Trêve Lake and goes to the South of the Inconnu Lake and La Trêve Lake.
The surface of La Trêve River is usually frozen from early November to mid-May, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-November to mid-April.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near La Trêve River are:
North side: Caupichigau River, Maicasagi River, Monsan River, Capichigau Lake;
East side: Comencho Lake, Opataca Lake, La Trêve Lake;
South side: Inconnue River (Maicasagi River), Inconnue Lake, Chibougamau River;
West side: Maicasagi River, Inconnue River (Maicasagi River).
The river La Trêve originates at the mouth of a [[La Trêve lake] (length: ) altitude: ). The mouth of this head lake is located at:
South of the southern boundary of Assinica Wildlife Sanctuary;
North of the mouth of the La Trêve River (confluence with the Maicasagi River);
East of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
East of the mouth of Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River);
East of the mouth of Matagami Lake;
Southeast of the mouth of the Nottaway River;
Northeast of downtown Matagami.
From La Trêve Lake, the "La Trêve River" flows on according to the following segments:
Southwesterly through four falls, to a stream (from the South);
Westerly forming two curves to the North and crossing swamp areas to Huguette Creek (from the Southwest);
Northerly forming a slight westerly curve to the Caupichigau River (coming from the North);
Northwesterly through a marsh area at the beginning of the segment to Branssat Creek (from the South);
Northwesterly, forming a northeasterly curve to Veto Creek (from the Southwest);
West to mouth.
The "La Trêve River" flows into a river bend on the Southeastern shore of the Maicasagi River. From there, it flows West to the East shore of Maicasagi Lake. Then the current flows southwesterly through the Max Passage into the Goéland Lake. The latter is crossed to the Northwest by the Waswanipi River which is a tributary of Matagami Lake.
The mouth of La Trêve River located at:
Northeast of the mouth of the Maicasagi River (confluence with Maicasagi Lake);
Northeast of the mouth of [Goéland Lake (Waswanipi River)]];
Northeast of the mouth of Olga Lake (Waswanipi River);
North of the village center of Waswanipi;
North of downtown Matagami.
Toponymy
The toponym "Rivière la Trêve" (English: La Trêve River) was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec, i.e. at the creation of this commission.
References
See also
Rivers of Nord-du-Québec
Nina E. King (born October 3, 1978) is an American college sports administrator who is currently the vice president, director of athletics and adjunct professor of business administration at Duke University. They were named the director of athletics for the Blue Devils following athletic director Kevin White's retirement on September 1, 2021, the third Black woman to be an athletic director in a power conference. In addition to their duties, they also serve as the chair of the NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Committee, a role they will hold until the conclusion of the 2021–22 season.
King worked for Nike before joining their alma mater Notre Dame as their director of rules education, working under White. They followed them to Duke in 2008 to work as the senior deputy director of athletics, during which they were named to Sports Business Journal's "Forty under 40" list in 2018.
References
External links
Duke Blue Devils profile
1978 births
Living people
University of Notre Dame alumni
Tulane University alumni
University of Notre Dame faculty
Duke University faculty
Wólka Ratajska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziszów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Hyman Judah Schachtel (1907–1990) was Senior Rabbi of Congregation Beth Israel of Houston from 1943 to 1975. From 1975-1990 They served as Rabbi Emeritus of Congregation Beth Israel of Houston They also served the Houston Jewish community as "rabbi-at-large" for the remainder of their life. On January 20, 1965, Rabbi Schachtel delivered the inaugural prayer for President Lyndon B. Johnson in Washington, D.C. They were the author of several published works, including The Real Enjoyment of Living (1954), The Shadowed Valley (1962), and How to Meet the Challenge of Life and Death (1990).
Biography
Schachtel was born in London in May 1907, and came to the United States on the Lusitania with their family in 1914. They settled in Buffalo, New York, where Schachtel's father Bernard secured employment as a cantor. Schachtel was ordained into the rabbinate at Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati in 1931. Their first pulpit was at Congregation Shaaray Tefila (sometimes referred to as the West End Synagogue) in New York City, where they served from 1931 until their arrival in Houston. Schachtel became a close personal friend of Lyndon B. Johnson, and delivered the inaugural prayer at President Johnson's inauguration in Washington, D.C. on January 20, 1965.
Schachtel received a doctorate in Education from the University of Houston in 1948, as well as honorary degrees from Southwestern University in Georgetown and Hebrew Union College as well from Harvard. Locally, they served terms as president of the Houston Rabbinical Association and Texas Kallah of Rabbis. They were also a member of the executive board of the Central Conference of American Rabbis, and served as vice-president and secretary-treasurer of the organization's southwest region. Schachtel was a dedicated advocate of interfaith understanding, and was honored for this work by the National Conference of Christians and Jews, the American Jewish Committee, and B'nai Brith.
Rabbi Schachtel was well known to generations of Houstonians through their columns in the Houston Post and a radio show on KODA-FM. They died on January 11, 1990.
Rabbi Schachtel's published a number of books. The often quoted thought, was originally written in their book, The Real Enjoyment Of Living (1954). Among their other published works are The Life You Want To Live (1956), The Shadowed Valley (1962), and How To Meet The Challenge Of Life And Death (1980).
References
Sources
Excerpted from: Handbook of Texas Online, Phyllis Harris, "Schachtel, Hyman Judah," accessed March 15, 2018, http://www.tshaonline.org/handbook/online/articles/fsc83.
Uploaded on June 15, 2010. Modified on November 20, 2017. Published by the Texas State Historical Association.
1907 births
1990 deaths
American Reform rabbis
Jews and Judaism in Houston
University of Houston alumni
Rabbis from Texas
20th-century American rabbis
The Okanogan Steamboat Company was a shipping company that ran steamboats on the Columbia River above Wenatchee, Washington from the late 19th century to 1915.
Its steamboats included Pringle, Chelan, and North Star.
See also
Steamboats of the Columbia River, Wenatchee Reach
External links
Photographs
crew of sternwheeler post by lifeboat
company steamboats and town, circa 1910
References
Steamboats of the Columbia River
Chris Geile (born April 14, 1964) is a retired United States professional American football Offensive Lineman who played 1 season in the National Football League with the Detroit Lions in 1987. They played college football for Eastern Illinois University.
References
1964 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Eastern Illinois Panthers football players
Detroit Lions players
People from Pleasanton, California
Los Cortijos is a Caracas Metro station on Line 1. It was opened on 10 November 1989 as part of the extension of Line 1 from Los Dos Caminos to Palo Verde. The station is between Los Dos Caminos and La California.
References
Caracas Metro stations
1989 establishments in Venezuela
Railway stations opened in 1989
The World Theatre Season was a festival of foreign plays held annually at the Royal Shakespeare Company's Aldwych Theatre in London from 1964 to 1973, with a final season in 1975. It originated as a one-off celebration in 1964 organised by Peter Daubeny and the Royal Shakespeare Company as part of the celebrations for William Shakespeare's quatercentenary. In the 1950s, Peter Daubeny had presented foreign theatre companies, which gave them a knowledge of foreign theatre and served as a prelude to the World Theatre Seasons. Seven companies appeared at this initial World Theatre Season: Comédie Française; Schiller-Theater; Peppino de Filippo's Italian Theatre; Abbey Theatre; Polish Contemporary Theatre; Greek Art Theatre; and Moscow Art Theatre.
The season's success led to it becoming an annual event, with more than forty theatre companies appearing in total. Nevertheless, the seasons continued to be organised by Peter Daubeny without support from the Arts Council or any other official body. Theatrical companies visited from Europe, Asia and the Middle East, including evenings dedicated to Japanese nō and kabuki. Appearances at the World Theatre Season sometimes led to little-known plays achieving international acclaim, as was notably the case with Welcome Msomi's Umubatha, a Zulu version of Shakespeare's Macbeth, which was presented in 1972. Peter Daubeny's involvement in the World Theatre Seasons led to them winning the Evening Standard special award in 1972.
References
Theatre festivals in England
Festivals in London
Bretzenheim was a minor principality in pre-Napoleonic Germany. It was created in 1790 for Prince Charles Augustus (1769-1823) of the line of Wittelsbach-Bretzenheim, son of Charles Theodore, Elector of Bavaria and Palatinate. Its territory in central Germany was mediatised to Hesse-Darmstadt in 1803, and its territory north of Lake Constance was mediatised to Austria in 1804. Before 1789-1790 it was an Imperial Lordship and it had some important rulers, including Ambrosius Franz, Count of Virmont. In 1772 the Elector of Palatinate bought the Lordship (Imperial County 1774 ) for their son.
Prince of Bretzenheim
Charles Augustus (1790–1804)
1790 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
1804 disestablishments in the Holy Roman Empire
States and territories established in 1790
Lists of princes
Counties of the Holy Roman Empire
Former monarchies of Europe
Route 106 is a highway in the southern part of the US State of Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at Route 21 at Ellington; its western terminus is at Route 17 in Summersville. Route 106 runs through the eastern, mountainous Ozarks and through two sections of the Ozark National Scenic Riverways.
Major intersections
Related route
Spur Route 106 connects the main highway with Deer Run State Forest.
References
106
Transportation in Texas County, Missouri
Transportation in Shannon County, Missouri
Transportation in Reynolds County, Missouri
St Augustine's Church, Wrangthorn, usually referred to as simply Wrangthorn, is the church of the parish of Woodhouse and Wrangthorn, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. It is near Hyde Park Corner at the top of Woodhouse Moor. It shares a benefice and clergy with St George's Church in the city centre, although the parishes remain separate. It was paid for by the Leeds Church Extension Society in 1866 and completed in 1871. The church, which is a Grade II listed building is on a ridge of land between Meanwood Beck and the Aire Valley, on the north-west side of the city. Its architect, James Barlow Fraser (1835–1922), took advantage of this prominent location by including a three-stage pointed steeple; its blackened stone is a local landmark. The church is built in local gritstone ashlar in the Gothic Revival style and is adjoined by the smaller church hall of 1934.
Wrangthorn is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Leeds, arranging services on Sundays, in addition to baptisms, weddings, and funerals. It is the venue for a variety of community events including music performances and practice, hospitality for the weekly Woodhouse Moor parkrun, and the annual June Project of volunteering within Hyde Park.
History
Prior to its development as an area of dense housing in the mid 19th century, Hyde Park did not have an identity of its own and was part of the wider parish of Woodhouse and Wrangthorn. The name was given by a local landowner to confer a more prestigious image and encourage further development. In 1866, the Leeds Church Extension Society, which was founded two years earlier to help build churches and to pay for clergy in the rapidly expanding city, paid £1,000 for the site in Hyde Park Terrace. It was the first church to be endowed by the Society.
The Society provided temporary and movable iron churches, each with a capacity of 300, for communities to meet in while funds were raised for a permanent structure; this was open on the site by February 1867, with a Sunday school operating by August. It was at the eastern end of the current church. When no longer required, the iron churches were usually resold for a similar use on another site where they housed another congregation
saving and raising money to build a more lasting structure.
The architect for the church of St Augustine was James Barlow Fraser of Leeds, who prepared the designs in 1869. A foundation stone laying ceremony was held in December 1869 by the Vicar of Leeds, Canon Woodford. During the ceremony the ropes holding the stone gave way in the damp weather and they only narrowly avoided serious injury. The money needed for the church had been raised through collections and a bazaar. It was mostly constructed during 1870-71 - the general contractor was Thomas Whiteley and a number of smaller firms such as Messrs. Heaps and Robinson sub-contracted to provide ironmongery and other similar items - and was ready to be consecrated by 8 November 1871, having cost about £8,500 ().
The spire, which is high, was the last phase of the main structure, being completed in March 1878. It has a single bell cast by Thomas Hilton of Wath, hung for ringing though now supported on timbers and rigged up for chiming. This bell was formerly at St Michael and All Angels, East Ardsley and is assumed to have been transferred here when eight new bells were installed at East Ardsley in 1883.
The church's seating capacity was 650, a target set by the Extension Society in 1866 as one quarter of the population of the parish. They were all needed as over the next 30 years that population quadrupled to an estimated 10,000. In the 1970s, some of the pews at the front and rear were removed for music groups and disabled access. The church had a large choir, athletics, cricket, and football teams and uniformed organisations. The church also had its own school of 1865 at the corner of Cliff Road and Cross Cliff Road, now residential apartments.
St Augustine's Church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a Grade II listed building, having been designated on 5 August 1976. Grade II is the lowest of the three grades of listing, and is applied to "buildings that are nationally important and of special interest".
The present church hall was built in 1934 over part of the churchyard and is not linked to the church. This building was built using funds raised for a stained glass west window, but this remains plain glass with the church hall now established as a community facility.
A Roman Catholic church building of 1936 in Harehills shares the name of St Augustine's, so to avoid confusion Wrangthorn (the name of the parish) is often used to refer to the church. For many years, the parish had two churches: St Augustine's and St Mark's; in 2001, the decision was taken to close St Mark's Church.
Description
Externally, the church is constructed in rock-faced gritstone, with ashlar details and a pitched slate roof. The building was designed by local architect James Fraser and is in the Gothic Revival style. Though blackened by pollution damage, the exterior is noted for a tall southeastern tower of three stages, with shallow corner buttresses, a pair of lancet windows and carved corbels in the form of angels and grotesques, with an octagonal bell stage, surmounted by a tall stone spire, considered to be a significant local landmark.
The elegant Victorian interior is a five-bay nave with a floor of red and black tiles, polished marble columns, foliate capitals and chamfered pointed arches. This space is illuminated by electric light fittings with central orb and pendant bulbs with stylised leaf motifs. Seating space is in the form of low original pews with umbrella holders. There are two-bay transepts and a three-bay chancel. The pulpit is constructed of inlaid marble on square and cylindrical squat columns, decorated with elaborate mosaics on three sides, including one of a comparatively rare image of a pelican.
The chancel arch is supported by short black marble shafts and has a painted vaulted wooden ceiling, most notably but subtly decorated with a crown of thorns. The reredos is of pink-veined marble in the Gothic Revival style and has a central mosaic depicting the Last Supper, in memory of members of Fraser's family. Above this, the east window is made up of highly decorative stained glass, depicting scenes from the life of Christ. A small statue depicts Augustine of Hippo, an early church father and bishop to whom the church is dedicated. Both the north and south transepts have decorative stained glass windows, and the church also houses some stained glass from the demolished St Michael's Church, Buslingthorpe, and the original altar from St Mark's. There is a font, made up of an octagonal bowl, featuring ornately carved stonework. The font, which was a gift from the architect, has a rare gilded boss pulley balance lid. There is a memorial dedicated to the victims of both world wars.
The church is surrounded by gardens, which are maintained by a team of volunteers, but there is no graveyard.
Organ
A previous organ was originally installed by the prolific organ builder Henry Bevington. The stop-list of the Bevington organ was for a 3-manual and pedal organ and was quite ambitious for an English local parish church in the mid-19th century. In the early 20th century, it was replaced by the present organ, also a 3-manual and pedal organ, built by the Leeds firm of Abbott and Smith, which had its factory on Blackman Lane and a good reputation for the sound and construction of its organs. The stop-list of the present organ is very similar, although not identical, to that of the Bevington organ, so much of the present pipework may be from the earlier instrument, although this has never been confirmed.
Originally, the console was under the pipework on the south side of the choir stalls but at some point the organ was rebuilt with a detached console behind the north choir stalls and recessed into the choir vestry. There are 43 stops distributed over the 3 manuals and pedals; 32 are sound-producing stops, the rest being couplers and tremulants. There are just short of 2000 pipes, varying in length from to about . A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
See also
Listed buildings in Leeds (Hyde Park and Woodhouse)
References
External links
Church website
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Leeds
Leeds, St Augustine's
Churches completed in 1871
Gothic Revival architecture in Leeds
Wrangthorn
Bequia English is the local dialect of English spoken on Bequia, an island in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It belongs to the group of the Caribbean English varieties.
Phonology
Consonants
Word-initially /t/ and /d/ are dental. Word-final /t/ can be sometimes fully released and sometimes fully deleted, such as in but [bʌ] and about [əbaʷ]. Word-medially /t/ can occur as either a stop or glottal stop, hence after is either [aftə] or [afʔə].
Word-initially H is variably present. The fricatives are pronounced as dentals: 'think' [tɪŋk], 'there' [dɛ]. Nasal backing is common after back vowels: "Hamilton" sounds like [hamɪltɔŋ]. /l/ is normally light in all positions, the /r/ is a retroflex [ɹ] and rhoticity is variable.
/str/ is pronounced as /ʃtr/: industry is [ɪndʌʃtri]. Final clusters may be devoiced (kids: [kɪts]) and final stops in clusters can be deleted (respect: [rispɛk]). There is restricted metathesis: words like ask, crisp and crispy are pronounced as [æks], [krɪps], and [krɪpsi]; but mask is pronounced as [ma:s].
/k/ and /g/ tend to be palatalized: Coast Guard [kʲo:s gʲa:d].
Vowels
The vowels in Kit and Dress are usually [ɪ] and [ɛ], and the vowel in Kit is sometimes lowered to [ɛ] (miracle: [mɛɹəkl]). The vowel in Trap is either [a] or [æ]. The Foot vowel is usually [ʊ], but sometimes [ɔ], and the Lot vowel is usually [ɑ], but sometimes [a]. The vowel in Strut is normally [ʌ], but at times [ɔ] (cup: [kɔp]).
The vowels in Fleece and in Goose tend to occur as [i:] and [u:], and the Face and Goat vowels tend to occur as [e:] and [o:], but they can occasionally be [eə] and [oə]. The Bath vowel tends to occur as [a:], though [æ] can also be heard. The Cloth, Thought and Palm vowels tend to occur as [a].
The diphthong in Price is either [aɪ], [ɔɪ] or [əɪ], the diphthong in Mouth is either [aʊ], [ɔʊ] or [əʊ]. The Choice diphthong is usually [ɔɪ], but can be realized as [aɪ]. Hence, choice can be heard as [tʃaɪs] and price can be heard as [pɹɔɪs].
The Nurse vowel is [ə], [ɜ]or [ɔ]; the Near vowels are usually [i:], but can be merged with the Square vowel [e:]. The Start vowel is either [a:] or [[ɑ:], the Cure vowel is [ɔ:], and the North and Force vowels are usually merged, though lord tends to sound like [la:d].
Rhythm
According to Meer, Bequia English has limited vowel reduction and a high tendency toward syllable-timed stress pattern.
References
Dialects of English
Languages of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
The Ministry of Women and Gender Equality of Chile is an entity created during the late part of the second presidency of Michelle Bachelet (2014−2018) after the releasing of the N°20.820 Decrete of Law in 2016.
Its current minister is Antonia Orellana.
List of representatives
References
External Link
Government ministries of Chile
Women's ministries
Gender equality ministries
Women in Chile
Neverthought Films is an independent video production company created in 2003 by Danny Bourque. The name was inspired by their first short film, Neverthought, which was completed in 2001 and went on to screen at the Reel Teens Film Festival in New York City. The first film to bear the label "Neverthought Films" was the short film Hitchhiker, which premiered at the Edgeworks Short Film Festival in Corpus Christi, Texas in 2003 and went on to win the Performing Arts - Filmmaking scholarship sponsored by Golden Key.
The film Chthonia won first place at the 2005 Broadcast Educators Association Festival for a short film script and also won the Best Narrative Film award at Sul Ross State University's WestFest 5 Film Festival.
Commode Creations won the 2007 Slamdance Film Festival's Global Audience Award and aired in its entirety on the Independent Film Channel.
In addition to independent filmmaking, Neverthought Films also produces short corporate videos and television commercials. One such commercial, "Richard Spacey Saves the Day," won Neverthought Films two Telly Awards in 2007.
External links
Official Neverthought Films Website
Filmography
Super Badass Action Hero (2014)
The Toaster That Toasted The Golden Toast (2008)
Flat Daddy (2007)
ExEgEsIs (2006)
Creating Frankenstein's Creature (2005)
Chthonia (2004)
Commode Creations (2004)
Hitchhiker (2003)
Neverthought (2001)
Film production companies of the United States
Dryszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Żmudź, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Erigeron klamathensis is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Klamath fleabane or Klamath daisy. It had been collected by botanists for many years and generally regarded as part of E. foliosus. It was not recognized as a distinct species until 2004.
Erigeron klamathensis is native to the Klamath Ranges of southwestern Oregon and northwestern California. It is a perennial herb up to 20 cm (8 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The stem is covered with stiff, straight hairs, unlike some related species. Leaves are most on the stem rather than crowded close to the ground. Each stem can produce 1-5 flower heads, each with as many as 30 purple or lavender ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected on Trinity Summit in California in 1937, isotype of Erigeron klamathensis
klamathensis
Flora of California
Flora of Oregon
Plants described in 1992
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Philipp Hartewig (born 5 October 1994 in Chemnitz, Saxony ) is a German politician for the FDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life
Philipp Hartewig studied law at the Leipzig University and Charles University in Prague after attending school in Lichtenau and Mittweida. Following their time as articled clerk, they passed their second state law examination in Dresden in 2021. In 2022 Hartewig was admitted to the bar as attorney at law.  They are non-denominational and single.
Party
Hartewig has been a member of the Young Liberals since 2010. From 2015 to 2018, they were state chairperson of the Young Liberal Action Saxony. They have been a member of the state executive committee of the Saxon FDP since 2015, from 2019 to 2021 as its deputy state chairperson. On November 6, 2021, at the state party conference, they were elected secretary general of the FDP Saxony under the newly elected state chairperson Anita Maaß.
MP
For the 2021 federal election, Hartewig ran for the direct mandate in constituency 161 (Central Saxony). They were elected to the Bundestag via the state list (third place) of their party. In the 20th German Bundestag, Hartewig is a full member of the Legal Affairs Committee and the Sports Committee.  They are also the Free Democrats parliamentary group spokesperson for sports politics.
References
External links
Website of Philipp Hartewig
Biography at the German Bundestag
Living people
1994 births
Free Democratic Party (Germany) politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Digital back-propagation (DBP) is a technique for compensating all fiber impairments in optical transmission systems. DBP is a sort of non-linearity compensation (NLC). DBP uses the back-propagation algorithm in the digital domain by solving the inverse nonlinear Schrödinger equation of the fiber link using the split-step Fourier method (SSFM) to calculate the transmitted signal from the received signal.
In principle, digital back-propagation is capable of fully reversing the effects of nonlinear propagation in optical fibers, yet in practice it is limited by the stochastic nature of some impairments, like amplified spontaneous emission and polarization mode dispersion.
References
Fiber-optic communications
Enrique Henríquez (1536 – 28 January 1608) was a Portuguese Jesuit theologian.
Life
Henriquez was born at Oporto. At the age of sixteen, in 1552, they entered the Society of Jesus, and became known for their philosophical and theological erudition. They taught both these branches at the Jesuit colleges of Cordova and Salamanca; in the latter place they numbered Francisco Suarez and Gregory of Valencia among their pupils.
In 1593 they left the Society of Jesus and entered the Order of St. Dominic; but they soon returned to the Jesuits. Father Alcazar (Hist. Prov. Tolet., I, 204) gives the following account of this incident. After Henríquez had printed in the preface of one of their theological works some passages not approved by the censors, Claudio Acquaviva ordered them to tear out the page containing these paragraphs. Henríquez felt so disturbed over this punishment that they obtained permission from the Pope to leave the society and enter the Dominican Order. It was Gregory of Valencia who advised them to return to their former associates. They died in Tivoli, Italy.
Works
Henríquez is especially noted for two theological works:
The first part of their "Theologiæ Moralis Summa" was published at Salamanca in 1591, the second in 1593; the work appeared again at Venice, in 1597, and 1600; at Mentz, in 1613, under the title "Summa Theologiæ Moralis libri XV" etc. It was forbidden by decree of 7 August 1603, donec corrigatur, because the author allowed confession (but not absolution) by way of letter, and held unorthodox opinions too unfavorable on the rights of the Church. In the "Summa", Henríquez treats only of the end of man, of the sacraments, and of ecclesiastical censures and irregularities; but they manage to find an opportunity of declaring themselves against Molina's scientia media; they defend the Dominican theory of physical predetermination, and of a predestination antecedent to the Divine foresight of our future merits. Alphonsus Liguori esteemed the authority of Henríquez on moral questions, an opinion shared by Jean Doujat in their Prænotionum canonicarum, V. xv.
Henríquez's second work is entitled "De pontificis romani clave, libri VI". It was published at Salamanca in 1593, but nearly all its copies were burnt by the Apostolic nuncio of Madrid on account of its allowing the king too much power over ecclesiastics. It is said that only three or four copies have been preserved among the rarities of the Escorial. The subjects treated by Henríquez in their second work are: the power and election of the Roman pontiff; the authority of the councils; the question of law. The rarity of Father Henríquez's second work is the reason why some consider its treatises as part of their "Theologiæ Moralis Summa".
References
Attribution
The entry cites:
Hugo von Hurter, Nomenclator;
Sommervogel, Bibl. de la C. de J., IV (Brussels and Paris, 1893), 275 sq.;
Morgott in Kirchenlexikon, s. v.
1536 births
1608 deaths
16th-century Portuguese Jesuits
Portuguese theologians
People from Porto
Former Jesuits
Portuguese Dominicans
Former Dominicans
Davis Kamoga (born July 17, 1968) is a Ugandan athlete competing in 400 m. They won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
In 1997 they won the first Ugandan medal at the World Championships, a silver medal in the 1997 World Championships in Athens in a personal best time of 44.37 seconds. This is the national record, and ranks them fourth in Africa, behind Innocent Egbunike, Samson Kitur and Charles Gitonga.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Ugandan male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Uganda
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Uganda
World Athletics Championships medalists
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists in athletics (track and field)
20th-century Ugandan people
21st-century Ugandan people
Brzozowiec may refer to the following places:
Brzozowiec, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Brzozowiec, Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Brzozowiec, Subcarpathian Voivodeship (south-east Poland)
Brzozowiec, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Brzozowiec, Greater Poland Voivodeship (west-central Poland)
Brzozowiec, Lubusz Voivodeship (west Poland)
Brzozowiec, Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Karl Weisenberger (29 September 1890 – 28 March 1952) was a German general during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Awards
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 29 June 1940 as Generalleutnant and commander of 71. Infanterie-Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1890 births
1952 deaths
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
Military personnel from Würzburg
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Recipients of the Order of the Cross of Liberty, 1st Class
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
Reichswehr personnel
Route 121 is a short highway in northwestern Missouri. It begins at U.S. Route 69 (US 69) south of Cameron, where it begins travelling eastward. The road intersects a county route and crosses over two streams. The route ends at the Wallace State Park entrance, where the road becomes Route HH after the intersection. The route was opened around 1936, serving as the connector between US 69 and the state park. The road cost $18,000 to build in 1935, and it allowed federal construction to begin at the park.
Route description
All of the route is located in Clinton County. Route 121 begins at a T-intersection at US 69, south of Cameron and US 69's interchange with Interstate 35 near the city. The route travels eastwards over Christman Brook, and it enters a mixture of farmland and forests. The road intersects Northeast Jones Road, which is concurrent with the route for . Route 121 shifts north temporarily, and it intersects Northeast Jones Road, the end of the concurrency. The road then borders Hawn State Park and crosses over Deer Creek. Travelling through a forest, the route turns southeastward near the park entrance. Route 121 ends at a Y-intersection with the park entrance and Route HH, a supplemental route. The road continues eastward as Route HH, which ends at Route 13 in Kingston.
Route 121 is designated as a major collector route by the Missouri Department of Transportation (MoDot). In 2016, MoDOT calculated 627 vehicles, including 32 trucks travelling on Route 121 east of US 69. This is expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic (AADT), a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year. Although the route travels in an east–west fashion, MoDot has designated it as a north–south route.
History
In October 1935, the Missouri State Highway Commission announced a project to construct Route 121AP from US 69 to Wallace State Park. The project included grading of the route, culverts, bridges, and gravel pavement. The projected route was long. Gerard Knutson of Kansas City received the contract for the project, with the lowest bid of $20,614 (). Approval of the project was given by Franklin D. Roosevelt by October 31, with a new price of $18,000 (). Construction started on November 25, by the Joe Pohl Construction Company. Workers were employed one week before construction, allocated to building the bridge near the park. The project allowed federal work to start for the park, and the finished road was reflected in the 1936 state map as Route 121. The route was paved in asphalt by 1949.
Major intersections
References
External links
Wallace State Park
121
Transportation in Clinton County, Missouri
Prince Charles of Luxembourg, Prince of Bourbon-Parma and Nassau (Charles Frédéric Louis Guillaume Marie; 7 August 1927 – 26 July 1977), was a younger son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.
Education
They grew up at their mother's court in Luxembourg, until the German invasion on 10 May 1940 during World War II. The Grand Ducal Family of Luxembourg left the country to find refuge in Portugal, after receiving transit visas from the Portuguese consul Aristides de Sousa Mendes, in June 1940. They arrived at Vilar Formoso on 23 June 1940. After travelling through Coimbra and Lisbon, the family first stayed in Cascais, in Casa de Santa Maria, owned by Manuel Espírito Santo, who was then the honorary consul for Luxembourg in Portugal. By July they had moved to Monte Estoril, staying at the Chalet Posser de Andrade. On 10 July 1940, Prince Charles, together with their father Prince Félix, their siblings, Heir Prince Jean, Princess Elisabeth, Princess Marie Adelaide, princess Marie Gabriele and Princess Alix, the nanny Justine Reinard and the chauffeur Eugène Niclou, along with their wife Joséphine, boarded the S.S. Trenton headed for New York City.
The family eventually left the United States and moved to Canada, where Prince Charles completed secondary school in Canada. After World War II they undertook studies in Louvain, then at the Royal Military Academy at Aldershot.
Career
After university, they returned to Luxembourg, where they worked to address national economic and social issues.
They inherited from their father Villa Pianore, an estate held by the Bourbon-Parma family in Italy (a large property located between Pietrasanta and Viareggio).
Marriage and family
They married at St. Edward's, in Sutton Park, Guildford, Surrey, on 1 March 1967 Joan Douglas Dillon, daughter of U.S. Treasury Secretary C. Douglas Dillon and wife Phyllis Chess Ellsworth. As an unprecedented marriage between a prince of Luxembourg's reigning family and a commoner, Charles's brother, Grand Duke Jean, issued a decree to authorize the union as dynastic on 16 February 1967.
Children and descendants
Prince Charles and their wife Joan Dillon had two children, who are also princes of Luxembourg, Bourbon-Parma and Nassau:
Princess Charlotte Phyllis Marie of Luxembourg (b. New York City, New York, 15 September 1967), married civilly in Mouchy on 26 June 1993 and religiously in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence on 18 September 1993 Marc-Victor Cunningham (b. Harrogate, 24 September 1965), son of Victor Cunningham and wife Karen Armitage, and has issue:
Charles Douglas Donnall Marie Cunningham (b. Rockport, Knox County, Maine, 8 August 1996)
Louis Robert Dominic Marie Cunningham (b. London, 10 March 1998), actor famous (as Louis Cunningham) for playing Lord Corning in Bridgerton
Donnall Philippe Cunningham (b. 2002)
Prince Robert Louis François Marie of Luxembourg (b. Fischbach Castle, 14 August 1968), an administrator of the French winery estate Chateau Haut-Brion. They married in Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, on 29 January 1994 Julie Elizabeth Houston Ongaro (b. Louisville, Jefferson County, Kentucky, 9 June 1966), daughter of urologist and Harvard professor Dr. Theodore Ongaro and wife Katherine Houston. Their children, being born of a non-dynastically approved marriage, bore initially the titles of "Comte/Comtesse de Nassau". On 27 November 2004, Grand Duke Henri issued an Arrêté Grand-Ducal upgrading Julie and their issue to the titles of "Prince/Princesse de Nassau" with qualification of "Altesse Royale" (Royal Highness):
Princess Charlotte Katherine Justine Marie of Nassau (b. Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, 20 March 1995)
Prince Alexandre Théodore Charles Marie of Nassau (b. Aix-en-Provence, 18 April 1997)
Prince Frederik Henri Douglas Marie of Nassau (b. Aix-en-Provence, 18 March 2002)
Ancestry
References
External links
Ancestry of Joan Douglas Dillon
1927 births
1977 deaths
People from Colmar-Berg
Luxembourgian royalty
Luxembourgian princes
Members of the Council of State of Luxembourg
Princes of Bourbon-Parma
House of Nassau-Weilburg
Burials at Notre-Dame Cathedral, Luxembourg
The 2014–15 NAGICO Super50 was the 41st season of the Regional Super50, the domestic limited-overs cricket competition for the countries of the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB). The competition was played as a standalone tournament, with all matches held in Trinidad and Tobago.
Eight teams contested the competition – the six regular teams of West Indian domestic cricket (Barbados, Guyana, Jamaica, the Leeward Islands, Trinidad and Tobago, and the Windward Islands), and two development teams (Combined Campuses and Colleges and the West Indies under-19 side). The early stages were interrupted by rain, with three matches abandoned in one group. Trinidad and Tobago were undefeated in the group stages, and were eventually joined in the final by Guyana. The final was played at Queen's Park Oval, Port of Spain, with the home team winning by 135 runs to claim its 11th domestic one-day title.
Squads
Note: Nicholas Pooran was originally named in Trinidad and Tobago's squad for the tournament, but was replaced by Steven Katwaroo after being injured in a road accident.
Group stage
Zone A
Zone B
Finals
Semi-finals
Final
Statistics
Most runs
The top five run scorers (total runs) are included in this table.
Source: CricketArchive
Most wickets
The top five wicket takers are listed in this table, listed by wickets taken and then by bowling average.
Source: CricketArchive
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Crincfo
2015 in West Indian cricket
2014–15 West Indian cricket season
Regional Super50 seasons
Domestic cricket competitions in 2014–15
Landers Nolley II (born March 5, 2000) is an American college basketball player committed to play for the Cincinnati Bearcats of the American Athletic Conference (AAC). They previously played for the Memphis Tigers and the Virginia Tech Hokies.
Early life and high school career
Nolley learned to play basketball from their father, also named Landers Nolley, who played college basketball for LSU. They trained with their father every day. In their sophomore season, Nolley averaged 17 points per game for Curie Metropolitan High School in Chicago and helped their team win a Class 4A state championship. As a junior, they transferred to Langston Hughes High School in Fairburn, Georgia. Nolley averaged 25 points and seven rebounds per game in their first year with their team. They scored 26 points to lead Langston Hughes to its first Georgia 6A state title.
In their senior season, Nolley averaged 31 points, eight rebounds, and three assists per game, helping their team defend the Georgia 6A championship. They posted 34 points, 10 rebounds, and six assists in the finals. Nolley was named Atlanta Journal-Constitution Player of the Year and USA Today Georgia Player of the Year. They also earned All-State honors and left as their school's all-time leading scorer. Nolley was a consensus four-star recruit and top-100 prospect in the 2018 class. On October 15, 2017, one week after committing to play college basketball for Georgia, they switched their commitment to Virginia Tech.
College career
Virginia Tech
Nolley was forced to sit out their first-year student season due to the NCAA reviewing their academic eligibility. While they sat on the bench, Virginia Tech finished 26–9 and reached the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. After the season, the Hokies' top five scorers and coach Buzz Williams departed, but Nolley announced they were staying at Virginia Tech and had no intention of transferring. Nolley scored 30 points including four three-pointers in their debut for the Hokies, a 67–60 win over Clemson. After scoring 27 points against Lehigh and 23 points against USC Upstate, Nolley was named Atlantic Coast Conference first-year student of the week on November 18, 2019. They had 22 points in a 71–66 upset of number 3-ranked Michigan State on November 25, hitting a crucial three-pointer with under a minute to go. At the conclusion of the regular season, Nolley was selected to the ACC All-Freshman Team and was Honorable Mention All-Conference. They averaged 15.5 points and 5.8 rebounds per game. After the season, they announced they were transferring from Virginia Tech.
Memphis
On April 20, 2020, Nolley announced on Twitter that they would continue their career at Memphis, choosing the Tigers over Georgia and Ole Miss. Nolley was granted a waiver for immediate eligibility on August 27, 2020. They averaged 13.1 points, 4.1 rebounds and 1.8 assists per game as a redshirt sophomore. Nolley was named MVP of the NIT, helping the Tigers win the championship.
The following year, Nolley was fourth for the Tigers in scoring, averaging 9.8 PPG, and helped lead the team to their first NCAA appearance since 2014. After the season, Nolley entered the transfer portal.
Cincinnati
After having visits to NC State and Texas A&M, Nolley committed to Cincinnati on April 27, 2022.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Virginia Tech
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Virginia Tech
| 32 || 29 || 30.2 || .370 || .316 || .780 || 5.8 || 2.4 || .8 || .3 || 15.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 28 || 25 || 27.4 || .415 || .387 || .803 || 4.1 || 1.8 || 1.1 || .2 || 13.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 29 || 18 || 26.6 || .380 || .336 || .795 || 3.9 || 2.8 || .9 || .3 || 9.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 89 || 72 || 28.2 || .386 || .345 || .790 || 4.6 || 2.3 || .9 || .3 || 12.9
References
External links
Memphis Tigers bio
Virginia Tech Hokies bio
2000 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Atlanta
Memphis Tigers men's basketball players
Small forwards
Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball players
The Yadkin Ripple is a weekly newspaper based in Yadkinville, North Carolina. It was first published in East Bend, North Carolina, on October 18, 1892.
The Ripple, published on Thursdays, was purchased in June 2007 by Heartland Publications. It has a circulation of 5,740, according to the UNC-Chapel Hill School of Journalism and Mass Communications. It shares a publisher and its production staff with The Tribune in Elkin and is printed at The Mount Airy News.
Overview
Mattie Johnson Hall, who used the pseudonym "Meddlesome Mattie," started The Ripple in East Bend in 1892. They named it after watching a ripple over a dam on the Yadkin River. In 1896, the paper was sold to attorney Elisha Stanford who moved the offices to Yadkinville. They in-turn sold The Ripple to Samuel Carter (S. Carter) Williams who in 1909 sold the publication to Mr Rutledge.
In 1909, it was sold to W.E. Rutledge Sr. (November 13, 1887 – April 2, 1966). Rutledge was owner, editor and publisher of the paper until their death in 1966. The paper remained in the Rutledge family until 2002 when it was sold to Mid-South Management Company Inc. of Spartanburg, South Carolina. The Yadkin Enterprise, another weekly Yadkinville newspaper, then merged into The Ripple.
In June 2007, The Ripple and its sister publications were sold to Heartland Publications LLC of Connecticut. A week after the sale, Rebel Good, publisher of The Ripple and The Tribune, left their position along with a number of senior staffers. Good and former Mount Airy News publisher Michael Milligan plan to launch a newspaper to compete with The Mount Airy News.
In 2012 Versa Capital Management merged Heartland Publications, Ohio Community Media, the former Freedom papers it had acquired, and Impressions Media into a new company, Civitas Media. Civitas Media sold its properties in the Carolinas to Champion Media in 2017. Later in 2017, Champion Media sold its Mount Airy area newspapers to Adams Publishing Group.
References
External links
The Yadkin Ripple
North Carolina Newspaper Project
Weekly newspapers published in North Carolina
Yadkin County, North Carolina
1892 establishments in North Carolina
Friction modifiers are added to lubricants in order to reduce friction and wear in machine components. They are particularly important in the boundary lubrication regime, where they can prevent solid surfaces from coming into direct contact, substantially reducing friction and wear.
Several classes of friction modifier additives exist, the main examples being organic friction modifiers (OFMs), oil-soluble organo-molybdenum additives, functionalized polymers, and dispersed nanoparticles.
OFMs are amphiphilic surfactants, such as fatty acids, often derived from fats and vegetable oils. OFMs are important additives in modern engine oils and are also employed in fuels. They adsorb on metal surfaces and self-assemble to form incompressible monolayers which prevent asperity contact and reduce friction and wear.
Organo-molybdenum compounds, were initially developed as antiwear additives but were later recognized to be very effective in reducing boundary friction. They are currently used in many engine oils and, more recently, in gear oils. They reduce friction by forming two-dimensional molybdenum disulphide layers on rubbing surfaces.
Functionalized polymers, which can be tailored to adsorb specifically on polar surfaces, have been shown to markedly reduce friction and wear.
Dispersed nanoparticles have been shown to reduce boundary friction, but they have not yet found widespread employment in industrial applications.
Reduction of frictional losses and through more efficient lubrication is a key target in order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. One approach has been to progressively reduce lubricant viscosity to minimize hydrodynamic shear, churning and pumping losses. However, this means that an increased number of components operate under boundary lubrication conditions. This has led to a resurgence in interest in friction modifier additives, particularly OFMs. For example, recent tribology experiments and molecular dynamics simulations have given new insights into their behaviour under boundary lubrication conditions.
See also
References
Lubricants
Oil additives
Gobernador Gregores () is a town in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina, formerly known as Cañadón León. Ramón Outerello, one of the leaders of the massive strike known as Patagonia rebelde was executed there by a firing squad of the Argentine Army in November 1921.
The town is named for , governor of the Territory of Santa Cruz.
Climate
Gobernador Gregores has a cool arid climate (BWk).
References
Notes
Populated places in Santa Cruz Province, Argentina
Populated places established in 1871
1871 establishments in Argentina
The Champasak Provincial Museum is a local museum in Pakse, Laos. It holds the unique history of the province, which gathers all kind of artifacts and documents to chronicle the history of Champasak. The museum also holds historical photos of cultural events, foreign meetings and pictures of Kaysone Phomvihane, Nouhak Phoumsavan and Khamtay Siphandone, all from the south. There are displays of musical instruments, stelae in the Tham script dating from the 15th to 18th centuries, a water jar from the 11th or 12th century and pottery from around the province and plus a model of Wat Phu. On the higher level, it displays different ethnic clothing, along with textile and jewellery collections.
Literature
External links
Laos Cultural Profile | Champassak Provincial Historic Heritage Museum
Museums in Laos
Buildings and structures in Champasak province
Tita Kovač Artemis (19 September 1930 – 11 March 2016) was a Slovene chemist and writer.
They won the Levstik Award in 1985 for their book Kemiki skozi stoletja (Chemists Through the Centuries).
They were best known for their documented biographical novels on Johann Weikhard von Valvasor Spomini baraona Valvasorja (Memoirs of Baron Valvasor), 1973; Stephen Dečanski Štefan Dečanski, 1974; Sigmund Zois Najbogatejši Kranjec (The Richest Carniolan), 1979; Janez Bleiweis Slovenski orator (The Slovene Orator), 1990; and Ioannis Kapodistrias Grški feniks (The Greek Phoenix), 2003.
In 1970 they moved to Greece where they lived and worked for many years until they moved to a retirement home near Topolšica in their native Slovenia.
References
1930 births
2016 deaths
Slovenian women writers
Slovenian chemists
Levstik Award laureates
Place of death missing
Writers from Novo Mesto
Repyevka () or Repyovka () is the name of several rural localities in Russia.
Republic of Bashkortostan
As of 2010, two rural localities in the Republic of Bashkortostan bear this name:
Repyevka, Belebeyevsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan, a village in Tuzlukushevsky Selsoviet of Belebeyevsky District
Repyevka, Chishminsky District, Republic of Bashkortostan, a village in Ibragimovsky Selsoviet of Chishminsky District
Belgorod Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Belgorod Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Belgorod Oblast, a selo in Repyevsky Rural Okrug of Volokonovsky District
Kursk Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Kursk Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Kursk Oblast, a village in Pogozhensky Selsoviet of Timsky District
Republic of Mordovia
As of 2010, three rural localities in the Republic of Mordovia bear this name:
Repyevka, Chamzinsky District, Republic of Mordovia, a selo under the administrative jurisdiction of Chamzinka Work Settlement in Chamzinsky District
Repyevka, Ichalkovsky District, Republic of Mordovia, a village in Permeyevsky Selsoviet of Ichalkovsky District
Repyevka, Lyambirsky District, Republic of Mordovia, a selo in Salovsky Selsoviet of Lyambirsky District
Orenburg Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Orenburg Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Orenburg Oblast, a selo in Repyevsky Selsoviet of Tyulgansky District
Oryol Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Oryol Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Oryol Oblast, a village in Oktyabrsky Selsoviet of Maloarkhangelsky District
Penza Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Penza Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Penza Oblast, a selo in Dolgorukovsky Selsoviet of Serdobsky District
Samara Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Samara Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Samara Oblast, a selo in Kinel-Cherkassky District
Saratov Oblast
As of 2010, two rural localities in Saratov Oblast bear this name:
Repyevka, Bazarno-Karabulaksky District, Saratov Oblast, a selo in Bazarno-Karabulaksky District
Repyevka, Rtishchevsky District, Saratov Oblast, a selo in Rtishchevsky District
Tambov Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Tambov Oblast bears this name:
Repyevka, Tambov Oblast, a settlement in Kalaissky Selsoviet of Kirsanovsky District
Republic of Tatarstan
As of 2010, one rural locality in the Republic of Tatarstan bears this name:
Repyevka, Republic of Tatarstan, a settlement in Kaybitsky District
Ulyanovsk Oblast
As of 2010, three rural localities in Ulyanovsk Oblast bear this name:
Repyevka, Inzensky District, Ulyanovsk Oblast, a selo in Cheremushkinsky Rural Okrug of Inzensky District
Repyevka (selo), Novospassky District, Ulyanovsk Oblast, a selo in Krasnoselsky Rural Okrug of Novospassky District
Repyevka (station), Novospassky District, Ulyanovsk Oblast, a station in Krasnoselsky Rural Okrug of Novospassky District
Voronezh Oblast
As of 2010, one rural locality in Voronezh Oblast bears this name:
Repyovka, Voronezh Oblast, a selo in Repyovskoye Rural Settlement of Repyovsky District
Many science fiction and fantasy stories involve LGBTQ+ characters, or otherwise represent themes that are relevant to LGBTQ+ issues and the LGBTQ+ community. This is a list of notable stories, and/or stories from notable series or anthologies, and/or by notable authors; it is not intended to be all-inclusive.
Novels with LGBT characters and themes, alphabetical by author surname
Short fiction with LGBT characters and themes
Anthologies
Awards
Gaylactic Spectrum Awards
James Tiptree, Jr. Award
Lambda Literary Awards
See also
Sex and sexuality in speculative fiction
Gender in speculative fiction
Queer horror
LGBT literature
Lists of gay, lesbian, or bisexual figures in fiction
List of LGBT figures in mythology
References
External links
Alternative Sexualities in Science Fiction and Fantasy List
Lesbian Science Fiction
List
Science fiction culture
Science fiction lists
LGBT themes in fiction
Griff & Lock is an album by saxophonists Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis and Johnny Griffin recorded in 1960 and released on the Jazzland label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow stated: "Easily recommended to straightahead jazz fans."
Track listing
"The Last Train from Overbrook" (James Moody) - 6:50
"Hey Lock!" (Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis) - 7:54
"Midnight at Minton's" (Babs Gonzales) - 5:23
"Second Balcony Jump" (Billy Eckstine, Jerry Valentine) - 4:19
"I'll Remember April" (Gene de Paul, Patricia Johnston, Don Raye) - 6:33
"Good Bait" (Tadd Dameron) - 7:39
Personnel
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis, Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone
Junior Mance - piano
Larry Gales - bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
1960 albums
Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis albums
Johnny Griffin albums
Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
Jazzland Records (1960) albums
1887 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Events
The rules are changed so that gametime is set at two halves of 45 minutes each (as in Association football). Two paid officials, a referee and an umpire, are mandated for each game.
Association football
England
FA Cup final – Aston Villa 2–0 West Bromwich Albion at The Oval
Barnsley FC and Blackpool FC are founded
Germany
Hamburger SV founded as one of the oldest clubs in Germany
Scotland
Scottish Cup final – Hibernian 2–1 Dumbarton
Australian rules football
Events
Carlton Football Club wins the Victorian Football Association premiership
Norwood Football Club wins the South Australian Football Association premiership
Unions Football Club wins the Western Australian Football Association premiership
Baseball
National championship
National League v. American Association – Detroit Wolverines (NL) defeats Saint Louis Cardinals (AA) 10 games to 5
Events
The two major leagues agree to a unified set of rules.
The National Colored Base Ball League plays for a few weeks before folding.
Five black men play in the International League, the highest minor league, the high-water mark in racial integration of professional baseball.
Boxing
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – John L. Sullivan
World Middleweight Championship – Jack Nonpareil Dempsey
World Lightweight Championship – Jack McAuliffe
Cricket
Events
The English cricket team in Australia in 1886–87, generally known as Alfred Shaw's XI, is described by Wisden as "one of the strongest that ever left England for the Colonies". The team plays 10 first-class matches, winning 6 with 2 draws and 2 defeats (both against New South Wales). England wins both Test matches played by 13 runs and 71 runs respectively.
England
Champion County – Surrey
Most runs – W. G. Grace 2,062 @ 54.26 (HS 183*)
Most wickets – George Lohmann 154 @ 15.61 (BB 8–36)
Australia
Most runs – Arthur Shrewsbury 721 @ 48.06 (HS 236)
Most wickets – Charlie Turner 70 @ 7.68 (BB 8–32)
Gaelic football
7 February — Irish forms of football are formally arranged into an organised playing code by the Gaelic Athletic Association, the rules being drawn up by Maurice Davin and published in the United Ireland magazine. The GAA seeks to promote traditional Irish sports, such as hurling and to reject "foreign" (particularly English) imports.
Limerick GAA wins the inaugural All-Ireland Senior Football Championship.
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Willie Park junior
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Horace Hutchinson
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Gamecock
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Reve d'Or
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Enterprise
The Derby – Merry Hampton
The Oaks – Reve d'Or
St. Leger Stakes – Kilwarlin
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Dunlop
Canada
Queen's Plate – Bonnie Duke
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Eglentine
Irish Derby Stakes – Pet Fox
USA
Kentucky Derby – Montrose
Preakness Stakes – Dunboyne
Belmont Stakes – Hanover
Hurling
Tipperary GAA wins the first All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship
Ice hockey
February 25 - The Montreal Hockey Club defeats Montreal Victorias 1–0 to win the 1887 Montreal Winter Carnival Ice Hockey Tournament.
March 11 - The Montreal Crystals defeat the Montreal Victorias 3–2 to win the inaugural 1887 AHAC championship on the final challenge of the season, despite having a record of two wins and four losses.
Rowing
The Boat Race
26 March — Cambridge wins the 44th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
Scotland wins the 1887 Home Nations Championship, which is the 5th series
Softball
Events
George Hancock invents an indoor baseball game that would become known as softball in Chicago, Illinois (USA) on November 24.
Tennis
Events
American champion Richard D. Sears retires from the sport after winning the US singles title for the seventh successive time, a record that still stands
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Herbert Lawford (GB) defeats Ernest Renshaw (GB) 1–6 6–3 3–6 6–4 6–4
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Lottie Dod (GB) defeats Blanche Bingley (GB) 6–2 6–0
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Richard D. Sears (USA) defeats Henry Slocum (USA) 6–1 6–3 6–2
American Women's Singles Championship – Ellen Hansell (USA) defeats Laura Knight (USA) 6–1 6–0
Yacht racing
America's Cup
The New York Yacht Club retains the America's Cup as Volunteer defeats British challenger Thistle, of the Royal Clyde Yacht Club, 2 races to 0
References
Sports by year
Lake Bisina, also known as Lake Salisbury, is a freshwater lake in eastern Uganda. It is a satellite lake of Lake Kyoga, which it drains into, and the two are to some extent directly connected by papyrus swamps. During the high-water rainy season, Lake Bisina can be up to deep and it is often directly connected to the smaller Lake Opeta, but during the dry season the two are clearly separated.
Conservation and ecology
Lake Bisina is one of Uganda's 33 Important Bird Areas and since 2006 a Ramsar-listed wetland of international importance.
The lake is important for fish, notably several threatened haplochromine cichlids like Haplochromis orthostoma, H. argenteus (appears to have disappeared from its main range in Lake Victoria), H. latifasciatus, H. lividus, H. martini (appears to have disappeared from its main range in Lake Victoria), H. maxillaris, H. nubilus, H. parvidens, H. phytophagus and a number of undescribed species. Although Nile perch was introduced to Lake Bisina in the early 1970s, recent surveys have not detected this species, which has been implicated in the extinctions of many haplochromine ciclids elsewhere. A few tilapia species have also been introduced to Lake Bisina and they are still present, along with the native Singida and Victoria tilapias. Other, more widespread fish species found in Lake Bisina include marbled lungfish, and various species of catfish, African tetras and elephantfish.
See also
Kapir Atiira, village located near Lake Bisina
References
Bisina
Ramsar sites in Uganda
Important Bird Areas of Uganda
Melody Thomas Scott (born Melody Ann Thomas, April 18, 1956) is an American actor best known for playing Nikki Newman on the soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Early life and acting career
Scott was born Melody Ann Thomas in Los Angeles. Them first film credit was as a child actor in the 1964 Alfred Hitchcock movie Marnie. After parts in television and movies in the mid-1970s (most notably in John Wayne's final film, The Shootist in 1976, in which they become the last actor to exchange lines with Wayne), they were offered parts on nighttime series such as, The Rockford Files, Charlie's Angels, and a recurring role on The Waltons.
In 1979, at the age of 23, they left The Waltons to take over the role of Nikki Reed, a poor girl from the wrong side of the tracks, on the daytime serial The Young and the Restless, choosing the part over a sitcom pilot that in the end was not picked up. They were a replacement for the previous Nikki, who had lasted six months. Over time, their character reformed and became an important part of Genoa City society, as they married Victor Newman (Eric Braeden). Scott has said, "It's a miracle for an actor to have a job last 35 years. I am so blessed."
They were a celebrity guest on The $25,000 Pyramid for a week in June 1985.
On February 19, 2019 The Young and the Restless featured a stand-alone episode to honor Scott's 40-year history with the serial.
Personal life
On the set of The Young and the Restless, they met their third husband, the show's executive producer Edward J. Scott. They married in 1985 and have three daughters, Jennifer (his daughter from a previous marriage), Alexandra Danielle Yeaggy (father is the late Carlos Yeaggy, a makeup man Melody met on the set of Y&R.) and Elizabeth. The family resides in Beverly Hills, California. Jennifer gave birth to twins on May 25, 2011, a boy named James and a girl named Charlotte. James and Charlotte are Melody and Edward's first and second grandchild, respectively.
Acting roles
Awards and nominations
Daytime Emmys Pre-Nomination, Outstanding Lead Actress (2005, 2008)
See also
Victor Newman and Nikki Reed
Supercouple
References
External links
Melody's official page
1956 births
Living people
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from Los Angeles
American child actores
American film actores
American soap opera actores
American television actores
Eadric (Ædric) (fl. 942–949) was a tenth-century ealdorman of Wessex. They were the youngest of four sons of Æthelfrith, an ealdorman in Mercia, and their wife Æthelgyth. From 946 until their death in 949 Eadric was the second most senior ealdorman in England, surpassed only by their brother Æthelstan Half-King.
Biography
Eadric was born to Æthelfrith, an ealdorman who ruled territory in southern and eastern Mercia, and their wife Æthelgyth, who came from a family with considerable wealth that owned land in Buckinghamshire. Eadric was the youngest of four brothers, the other three being Ælfstan, Æthelstan Half-King, and Æthelwold, all four of whom were made ealdormen between 925 and 950. Ælfstan, the eldest brother, succeeded to their father's ealdordom upon the death of their father around 915, though they died in 934. Æthelstan Half-King was made Ealdorman of East Anglia in 932, though their jurisdiction also included Cambridgeshire, Northamptonshire, Huntingdonshire and parts of Lincolnshire. Æthelwold was granted an ealdordom in 940, ruling over Kent and neighbouring counties including Essex. Eadric was the last of the four brothers to be granted an ealdordom, ruling over central Wessex from 942 onwards. They succeeded a man named Ælfhere as ealdorman.
By about 945 Eadric and their two surviving brothers between them controlled over half the kingdom. Beginning in 943 Æthelstan is listed first among the king's ealdormen when witnessing charters, indicating their premier position. Æthelwold is listed second and Eadric is listed between third and sixth depending on the particular charter. Æthelwold died in 946, leaving land in Sussex and on the Berkshire Downs to Eadric. A later charter by King Eadred details land at these same two places to be given to Eadric, though it is not known whether this refers to new land or is simply of a confirmation of the land left to Eadric by their brother. Following Æthelwold's death Eadric is listed second only to their brother Æthelstan when witnessing royal charters. Eadric died in 949 and was succeeded as ealdorman by Æthelsige.
It is possible that Eadric was the father of Æthelweard (historian), if true then they had at least four children, the others being Æthelweard's siblings Ælfweard, Ælfgifu and Ælfwaru. This identification rests on Ælfgifu's possession of the estate of Risborough, which had belonged to Eadric's mother, Æthelgyth. Ælfgifu is often identified with Ælfgifu, wife of Eadwig, and that queen's documented mother, Æthelgifu, would then be Eadric's wife.
Notes
Citations
Sources
Subscription or UK public library membership required.
External links
Anglo-Saxon ealdormen
9th-century English people
Year of birth unknown
949 deaths
Edward Bligh may refer to:
Edward Bligh (British Army officer) (1769–1840), lieutenant-general in the British Army, Irish politician, amateur cricketer and member of the Marylebone Cricket Club
Edward Bligh, 2nd Earl of Darnley (1715–1747), Irish peer
Edward Bligh, 5th Earl of Darnley (1795–1835), British peer and politician
Edward Bligh, 7th Earl of Darnley (1851–1900), English landowner and cricketer
Edward Bligh (cricketer, died 1872) (c. 1800–1872), Irish landowner and cricketer
Edward Vesey Bligh (1829–1908), English cricketer, diplomat and clergyman
See also
Ned Bligh (1864–1892), American baseball player
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Individual Women started on 5 December 2019 in Östersund and will be finished on 18 February 2020 in Antholz-Anterselva.
Competition format
The individual race is the oldest biathlon event; the distance is skied over five laps. The biathlete shoots four times at any shooting lane, in the order of prone, standing, prone, standing, totalling 20 targets. Competitors' starts are staggered, normally by 30 seconds. The distance skied is usually 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) with a fixed penalty time of one minute per missed target that is added to the skiing time of the biathlete. In the "Short Individual" the distance is 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) with a penalty time of 45 seconds per missed target.
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Individual Women
"Lakewood" Louie is an American poker player best known for their success at the World Series of Poker (WSOP) in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
Louie started playing in tournaments at the World Series of Poker in the 1970s. They won four WSOP championship bracelets and also cashed in four events at the World Series, meaning that they ended up winning every tournament at the WSOP that they played in, when they cashed.
 They are credited as being the first player in the history of the WSOP to table a royal flush, which took place during the 1979 Main Event. Professional George Huber was the man on the losing end of the historic hand.
Louie won their first WSOP bracelet in the 1978 $5,000 Draw High event, winning $21,000. In 1979, they won two bracelets, one in $1,000 Ace to Five Draws and one in $2,000 Draw High. Louie won their fourth bracelet in 1980 in the $1,000 Razz event. Their total tournament winnings at the World Series of Poker exceed $100,000.
World Series of Poker bracelets
Notes
American poker players
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Bolanden is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
Sights
New Bolanden Castle ruins
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
The Rostov Defensive Operation on November 5–16, 1941 was a front–line defensive operation of the Soviet troops of the Southern Front, an integral part of the Donbas–Rostov Strategic Defensive Operation of the Great Patriotic War.
Previous events and plans of the parties
Having suffered a heavy defeat in the Donbas Defensive Operation in October 1941, the troops of the Soviet Southern Front (commanded by Colonel General Yakov Cherevichenko) withdrew to the Debaltsevo–Bolshekrepinskaya–Khapry line by the beginning of November 1941. At this line, the heavily weakened armies of the front were hastily consolidated: the 12th Army (Major General Konstantin Koroteev), the 18th Army (Major General Vladimir Kolpakchi), the 9th Army (Major General Fyodor Kharitonov).
All armies had a large shortage of personnel, and especially in military equipment. After a heavy defeat in the Donbas operation, they demanded a significant replenishment, but all Soviet reserves were sent to Moscow and to form Reserve Armies.
Since Rostov-on-Don remained the main target of the German offensive, the 56th Separate Army (Lieutenant General Fyodor Remezov) was deployed on the approaches to the city, which hastily created the Rostov–Novocherkassk fortified region and was responsible for the immediate defense of Rostov.
The command of Army Group South (General Field Marshal Gerd von Rundstedt), after a short pause to pull up the rear, was preparing to resume the operation to capture Rostov. However, having received intelligence information about the strengthening of the Soviet defense on the shortest route to Rostov along the Taganrog–Rostov-on-Don railway along the Azov Sea coast, it decided to change the direction of the main attack and carry out a deep enveloping maneuver from the north and northeast, through Dyakovo, Shakhty, Novocherkassk. If successful, the troops of the 9th and 56th Separate Armies would fall into the encirclement northwest of Rostov. Then it was planned to turn part of the forces of the 1st Tank Army to the north and, together with the troops of the 17th Army, close a new encirclement ring in the Voroshilovgrad area for complete encirclement and elimination of the entire Southern Front in the eastern part of Donbas.
In addition, the 1st Panzer Army (Colonel General Ewald von Kleist) was to seize a bridgehead on the southern bank of the Don. After that, it was supposed to develop an offensive to the south and, first of all, to capture Maykop and Tuapse in order to send oil through the pipeline and further by sea for refining to Romania. In March – April 1942, German troops expected to completely occupy the Caucasus up to the border with Iran.
To carry out the operation, the 14th Motorized Corps (General of the Infantry Gustav von Wietersheim of the 1st Panzer Army (14th and 16th Panzer Divisions, SS Viking Motorized Division) was deployed to the eastern part of Donbas. From the south, they were assisted by the 3rd Motorized Corps (60th Motorized Division and SS Adolf Hitler Motorized Division), from the north by the 49th Mountain Corps (1st and 4th Mountain Divisions). In the south, the 13th Panzer Division delivered a diversionary blow to Rostov along the shortest route. The offensive of the strike group was supported by the troops of the 17th German Army and the Italian Expeditionary Corps (General Giovanni Messe).
The Soviet command was able to timely reveal the transfer of the strike forces of the 1st Tank Army to the north, accurately determine the direction of the main attack (in the zone of the 9th Soviet Army) and unravel the German plans. Not having in their reserve tank forces to parry a German strike and not counting on replenishing their significantly weakened troops, the Commander–in–Chief of the South–West Direction, Marshal of the Soviet Union Semyon Timoshenko and Cherevichenko focused on exhausting the enemy with stubborn defense. In the defensive zone of the 9th Army, a system of anti–tank strong points and anti–tank areas was built in the Dyakovo area, which became one of the first experiments with a powerful anti-tank defense in the Great Patriotic War. These points mutually covered each other with fire, were echeloned in depth and provided crossfire from several artillery positions on each target. The infantry personnel allocated for the defense of these points were tested with tanks and were trained in actions when repelling tank attacks.
Operation progress
On November 5, the German 1st Panzer Army launched an offensive in the 9th Army's defense zone. The German command did not succeed in achieving a surprise; the battle immediately took on an extremely fierce character. On the 9th Army's right flank, relying on the anti–tank areas at Dyakovo, two Soviet rifle divisions pinned down three 1st Panzer Army divisions and inflicted heavy losses on them. German tanks, with great difficulty, slowly moved forward, storming one Soviet position after another. Parts of the 9th Army of General Fyodor Kharitonov combined stubborn defense with active actions, inflicted three powerful counterattacks on the wedged enemy. By the end of November 8, in four days of fighting, the enemy, at the cost of heavy losses, had managed to push the 9th Army 30–35 kilometers away.
From November 11 to 16, German troops advanced another 25 kilometers in the Novocherkassk direction. The advance on the main direction to Shakhty was only 15 kilometers, on the auxiliary one (to Krasny Sulin) – a little more than 10 kilometers, and in a diversionary attack on Rostov, the German 13th Panzer Division did not advance at all. To the north, in the zone of the 18th Army, the advance of the German infantry divisions in 12 days of fighting ranged from 2 to 10 kilometers. During the entire battle, the enemy never managed to break through the Soviet defenses.
The penetration of German troops into the line of the Soviet defense forced them to stretch out their northern flank. A front line configuration favorable for the Soviet side was formed, convenient for striking the flank and rear of the 1st German Tank Army. On November 8, the Commander–in–Chief of the troops of the South–Western direction, Semyon Timoshenko, reported to the Supreme Commander–in–Chief Joseph Stalin the plan of an offensive operation with the aim of defeating the 1st German Tank Army. Already on November 9, the Headquarters of the Supreme Command decided to prepare and conduct this operation. In the area of Shakhty – Kamensk-Shakhtinsky, the striking force of the front – the 37th Army – was quickly formed and concentrated.
Results of the operation
Both sides suffered significant losses in manpower, and the German side in tanks. As a result of losses, the command of Army Group South had to make adjustments to the plan for a further offensive, which again led to a regrouping of troops and a suspension of the offensive. The plan for a new encirclement of the troops of the Southern Front was thwarted by the Red Army at the very beginning.
Under cover of the stubborn heroic defense of the armies of the Southern Front, and above all the troops of the 9th Army, the Soviet command regrouped its forces. On November 15–16, troops of the 37th Army moved out of the concentration area to the front line and occupied the starting lines for the launch of a counteroffensive on the Rovenki–Pavlovka line.
Without the slightest operational pause, on November 17, Soviet troops went on the offensive – the Rostov Offensive Operation began. In the course of it, the course of the battle on the entire southern flank of the Soviet–German front was turned around and the largest defeat was inflicted on German troops in the entire history of World War II.
References
Sources
History of World War II of 1939–1945 (In 12 Volumes) / Editorial Board, Editor–in–Chief Andrey Grechko. Volume 4 – Moscow, Military Publishing House of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union, 1975 – Pages 116–119
Alexey Isaev. From Dubno to Rostov – Moscow: Limited Liability Company "Publishing House AST": Publishing House Tranzitkniga, 2004 – Chapter 9
Yuri Krasnykh, Ilya Moschanskiy. Battle of Rostov. Operations of the Southern and Southwestern Fronts on September 29 – December 2, 1941 // Military Chronicle. Photo–Illustrated Periodicals. Moscow, 2006. No. 1
Red Banner North Caucasian. Rostov–on–Don, 1971 – Pages 166–172
Radio Control – Tachanka / Edited by Nikolai Ogarkov – Moscow: Military Publishing House of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union, 1980 – 693 Pages – (Soviet Military Encyclopedia: in 8 Volumes; 1976–1980, Volume 7) – Pages 147–148, With a Map
External links
Valery Abaturov. "Combat Actions of Soviet Troops in the Rostov Direction". Article on the Website of the Russian Ministry of Defense
History of Luhansk Oblast
1941 in Ukraine
Conflicts in 1941
November 1941 events
USA-192, also known as GPS IIR-16(M), GPS IIRM-3 and GPS SVN-58, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the third of eight Block IIRM satellites to be launched, and the sixteenth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-192 was launched at 19:12:00 UTC on 17 November 2006, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D321, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-192 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 17 January 2007, USA-192 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.96 minutes, and 55 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 12 signal, and operates in slot 4 of plane B of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of , and a design life of 10 years. As of 2019 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2006
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The Treaty of Doak's Stand (7 Stat. 210, also known as Treaty with the Choctaw) was signed on October 18, 1820 (proclaimed on January 8, 1821) between the United States and the Choctaw Indian tribe. Based on the terms of the accord, the Choctaw agreed to give up approximately one-half of their remaining Choctaw homeland. In October 1820, Andrew Jackson and Thomas Hinds were sent as commissioners who represented the United States to negotiate a treaty to surrender a large portion of Choctaw country in Mississippi. They met with tribal representatives at Doak's Stand on the Natchez Trace. They met with the chiefs Pushmataha, Mushulatubbee, and Apuckshunubbee, who represented the three major regional divisions of the Choctaw. Chiefs of the towns and other prominent men accompanied them, such as Colonel Silas Dinsmoor.
Dinsmore was a former US Indian agent to the Choctaw; their passport ruling in 1812 had stirred a brief controversy with General Andrew Jackson. Dinsmore was at the negotiations to settle a land claim; they believed the policy of the American government toward the Indian tribes was too harsh. Their attitude suggested a potential confrontation, but Jackson paid no attention to him.
The convention began on October 10 with a talk by Jackson (whom the Choctaw nicknamed Sharp Knife), to more than 500 Choctaw. After Jackson presented their proposal to exchange Choctaw lands for territory in present-day Arkansas, Pushmataha accused the general of deceiving them about the quality of land west of the Mississippi. Pushmataha said, "I know the country well ... The grass is everywhere very short ... There are but few beavers, and the honey and fruit are rare things." Jackson finally resorted to threats to pressure the Choctaw to sign a treaty. They shouted, "Many of your nation are already beyond the Mississippi, and others are every year removing .... If you refuse ... the nation will be destroyed." On October 18, 1820, the chiefs signed the treaty.
Article IV prepared the Choctaw to become citizens of the United States when they or they became acculturated. This article would later influence Article XIV in the 1830 Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek.
Terms
The preamble begins,
The terms of the treaty were:
1. Choctaw land (in Mississippi) ceded to the U.S.
2. Boundary of western land (in Arkansas) ceded to the Choctaw nation.
3. Marking of boundaries by Choctaw-appointed guide.
4. Boundaries may not change until the Choctaw are civilized and enlightened so as to become citizens of the United States.
5. Corn, Blankets, kettles, rifle guns, bullet moulds & nippers, and ammunition to be given to Choctaws, who moved from ceded territory to lands west of the Mississippi River (Oklahoma), for one year.
6. U.S. agent appointed, goods and supplies to be sent, and a blacksmith will be appointed to Choctaws in ceded lands. Property of removed Choctaws to be sent to them.
7. Selling of Choctaw lands to support Choctaw schools on both sides of the Mississippi River.
8. Annuity of $6000 US annually for 16 years for discontented Choctaws.
Signatories
Andrew Jackson, Thomas Hinds, Apukshunnubbee, Pooshawattaha, and Mushulatubbee.
See also
List of Choctaw Treaties
Treaty of Hopewell
Treaty of Fort Adams
Treaty of Fort Confederation
Treaty of Hoe Buckintoopa
Treaty of Mount Dexter
Treaty of Fort St. Stephens
Treaty of Washington City
Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek
List of treaties
Citations
External links
Indian Affairs: Laws and Treaties (Treaty with the Choctaw, 1820)
Natchez Trace
Doak's Stand
1821 treaties
The Love Amplified Concert was a concert held in Singapore at Fort Canning Park on 29 November 2008 to commemorate World AIDS Day 2008. It was titled LOVE Amplified (Love Amp in short), and was organised by the Health Promotion Board bringing together Singapore talents including the likes of Stefanie Sun, Hady Mirza, Hossan Leong and Dim Sum Dollies.
External links
Love Amplified, World AIDS Day 2008 Concert in Singapore
HIV/AIDS activism
Bumbuita-Muhiang Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. The Muhian language and Bumbita language, which are both Torricelli languages belonging to the Arapesh group, are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Albinama 1
02. Timigir
03. Balif 1
04. Salata
05. Bonohol
06. Urita
07. Malohum
08. Kamanakor
09. Sunuhu 1
10. Mui 1
11. Utamup
12. Ilahita 1
13. Ilahita 3
14. Albinama 2
15. Ilahita 4
16. Numangu
17. Taunangas
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Madison Phil Senini (born April 23, 1953, in Burley, Idaho), professionally known as M. Phil Senini, is an American actor, screenwriter and production associate.
Career
In 1977, Senini made their acting debut by playing the small role of a sharpshooter in the World War III threat film, Twilight's Last Gleaming. In 1979, Senini and Jerry-Mac Johnston co-wrote the lyrics to a song for the stage play, The Devil You Say, with music by Tom W. Cranson. There was a break in their Hollywood career until 1986, at which time they co-wrote the screenplay for the action movie, Getting Even, which starred Edward Albert. Again, there was a break in Senini's career until the early 1990s, when they were a production associate for the TV movies: A Mom for Christmas (1990) and Death Dreams (1991). Since May 2005, they have served as manager of sector communications for Northrop Grumman Integrated Systems.
Personal life
On April 13, 2007, Senini married Gina L. Piellusch. They divorced in 2013. The couple had one child together. Senini currently resides in McLean, Virginia.
Filmography
Film
Actor
Screenwriter
Television
Production associate
References
External links
1953 births
American male film actors
American male screenwriters
Living people
People from Burley, Idaho
Male actors from Idaho
Screenwriters from Idaho
The 21st Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 21වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1992 Sinhala cinema on March 20, 1993, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka at 6:00 p.m. Prime Minister D. B. Wijetunga was the chief guest at the awards nights.
The film Kulageya won the most awards with five including Best Film.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1993 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Flint Dille (born November 3, 1955) is an American screenwriter, game designer and novelist.  They are best known for their animated work on Transformers, G.I. Joe, An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, and their game-writing, The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay, and Dead to Rights, as well as a non-fiction book written with John Zuur Platten, The Ultimate Guide to Video Game Writing and Design .
Personal background
Dille was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Robert Crabtree Dille and Virginia Nichols Dille. They attended Glenbrook South High School. In 1977, they graduated from U.C. Berkeley with a Bachelor's degree in Ancient History and Classical Rhetoric. They received a Master of Fine Arts in Professional Writing (Cinema) from the University of Southern California. They live in Los Angeles, California.
Flint Dille is the grandson of John F. Dille, publisher of the original Buck Rogers comic strip, and is part of the Dille Family Trust, which owned the rights to the character.
Professional background
After grad school, Dille worked as a freelance script reader, production assistant, and assistant art director before getting their first writing job from Joe Ruby at Ruby-Spears as a Saturday Morning Development writer. This led to writing scripts for Mr. T., The Puppy, and RoboForce. Later, Dille went to work for Sunbow Productions and served in various capacities as Writer, Story Editor, Associate Producer, and Co-Producer on several shows, including The Transformers, G.I. Joe, Inhumanoids and Visionaries.
Dille was a story editor for the first season of G.I. Joe (1985). They also wrote the episodes "The Gamesmaster," "Eau De Cobra," and ""Skeletons in the Closet," and co-wrote the episodes "The Pit of Vipers," "The Wrong Stuff," "Grey Hairs and Growing Pains," and "G.I. Joe and the Golden Fleece."
Dille joined the production team of The Transformers as a supervising story editor in the show's second season (1985-1986) and also co-wrote the episode "Prime Target" with their G.I. Joe colleague Buzz Dixon. Dille worked on an extensive rewrite of Ron Friedman's screenplay for Transformers: The Movie (1986); although Friedman contractually received sole screenplay credit, Dille was credited onscreen as the film's story consultant. After the movie, Dille served as a story editor for the third season of The Transformers (1986-1987) and wrote the season's five-part opening story, "Five Faces of Darkness."
Dille returned to G.I. Joe after the series was taken over by DIC Entertainment, co-writing the episode "Injustice and the Cobra Way" for the show's first DIC season (1990-1991).
Dille worked briefly at CBS on the in-house production of Garbage Pail Kids, before working with Amblin Entertainment on several projects, including An American Tail: Fievel Goes West, Tiny Toons (as a movie), and We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story.
TSR and Dungeons & Dragons
Dille met Gary Gygax, co-creator of Dungeons & Dragons, while Gygax was in Hollywood and they began collaborating on a number of projects, including the Sagard the Barbarian gamebook series (1985-1986), which was published by Pocket Books. Dille co-authored a script with Gygax for a Dungeons & Dragons film; however, the film was never made. Dille introduced their sister Lorraine Williams to Gygax at Gygax's request. TSR was having hard times financially, and they were suggested as both a potential investor and as a skilled manager, and they were brought in to TSR as Vice President and Administration. In 1989, TSR expanded its operations to the west coast to get adaptations of D&D back on television and into movies; Dille was put in charge of this new department, which was named TSR West. Dille was able to get the boardgame A Line in the Sand (1991) published the same day the US bombing started in the first Gulf War, as they could convince the company president to move quickly. The Buck Rogers roleplaying game XXVc was started TSR West, but Dille was unable to finish the game so it was sent back east.
For the rest of the 1980s, Dille focused on animation writing and game writing and design. At TSR, Dille worked on Dragonstrike, for which they wrote and directed the video portion. Dille also directed several interactive audio projects, including First Quest, Karameikos, Red Steel and Planescape. The TSR Audio Disc Terror T.R.A.X: Track of the Vampyre, was later adapted into a CD-ROM by Grolier, directed by Dille and programmed by Peter Marx and Evolutionary Publishing.
Dille co-wrote the Agent 13: The Midnight Avenger series of novels and graphic novels with David Marconi and also the Buck Rogers XXVC comic modules Rude Awakening.
Interactive Games
Dille's career shifted to interactive games in the late 80's when they worked on several projects for the Sega CD platform, including Double Switch, Maximum Surge and Corpse Killer. Dille then worked on Soviet Strike and Nuclear Strike for Electronic Arts, writing the videos and completing their transition from paper games and products to video games.
Dille won "Story of the Year" for their work on The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay and on Dead to Rights. Dille was the writer for other video games, including Fantastic Four 2, Teen Titans, Superman Returns, James Bond: Tomorrow Never Dies, Soviet Strike, and Nuclear Strike.
Frank Miller
Dille is a close friend of comics creator Frank Miller; "Frank and I met during what I call our 'professional adolescence' when they were doing the Dark Knight and I was doing the Transformers cartoon series," says Dille, "and we've been great friends ever since." Dille was selected to lead the design, scriptwriting, story generation, and production of a video game adaptation of Miller's Sin City for Red Mile Entertainment. Miller planned to direct a Buck Rogers film, with Dille as producer, but this project was scrapped in 2009. The character of Dilios in Miller's graphic novel 300 (1998), loosely based on Aristodemus of Sparta, is named after Dille.
Ingress
Google revealed Flint Dille to be the creative lead of alternate reality, geomobile game Ingress on All Tech Considered, an NPR radio segment. The project operates as if it isn't a game, presenting itself as reality at Wyrd Con 2014. At ComiCon 2014 Dille spoke on the panel "Story Worlds: The Alchemy of Franchise Creation." Using their experience with Ingress, they explained the way different medias are growing interconnected.
Niantic Labs
Niantic Labs spun out of Google in 2015, although Google remained a major backer. Dille was revealed to be leaving Google with Niantic Labs and continuing in their position as Creative Lead.
Autocracy
Recently Flint Dille completed a Transformers graphic novel trilogy, Autocracy, with Chris Metzen and Livio Ramondelli. The series follows the origins of Optimus Prime and Megatron one million years before they arrive on Earth.
Transportopia
At TechWeek LA, Dille unveiled Transportopia, which they describe as turning the entire city of Los Angeles into a massively-multiplayer online game as an attempt to change our relation to the city and "move us outside of our bubbles."
Other projects
Dille co-wrote and co-executive produced Dimension's 2005 horror film Venom.
Dille also taught an Alternate Reality Game Design class at UCLA film school, Winter Semester 2011.
Tabletop games
Sagard (1985-1986): the Barbarian Interactive Gamebook series with E. Gary Gygax
Screenwriting
television series head writer denoted in bold
Video games
Surgical Strike (1994)
Terror TRAX: Track of the Vampire (1995)
Soviet Strike (1996)
Nuclear Strike (1997)
Army Men: Sarge%27s Heroes (1999)
Tomorrow Never Dies (1999)
Citizen X (2002)
Dead to Rights (2002)
Fire Blade (2002)
Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu (2003)
The Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay (2004)
Constantine (2005)
Scooby-Doo! Unmasked (2005)
Teen Titans (2005)
Avatar: The Last Airbender (2006)
Superman Returns (2006)
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007)
Transformers: The Game (2007)
The Chronicles of Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena (2009)
Ghostbusters: The Video Game (2009)
Wheelman (2009)
Television
The Puppy's Further Adventures (1983)
Mister T (1983)
Robo Force: The Revenge of Nazgar (1984)
Bigfoot and the Muscle Machines (1985)
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1985-1986)
The Transformers (1985-1987): season 3 head writer
Inhumanoids (1986)
Garbage Pail Kids (1987)
Visionaries: Knights of the Magical Light (1987)
G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1990)
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (1991)
Stunt Dawgs (1992)
Transformers: Generation 2 (1993)
Films
The Transformers: The Movie (1986)
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West (1991)
Venom (2005)
Starship Troopers: Invasion (2012)
Transformers web shorts
Discontinued? What do you mean I'm being discontinued? (2021)
Are you kidding me?! You dropped the Matrix! (2021)
10,000 pardons, but you mean Bombshell, right? (2021)
Who else had a Quintesson space loogie on their bingo card? (2021)
Sharkticons, good at more than just chomping! (2021)
It sucks getting old...am I right? (2021)
Critical reception
Regarding Dille's script for Fievel Goes West, critic Cliff Terry wrote, "Screenwriter Flint Dille has provided a story that is frenetic and fast-paced—in the end, too hyper, too cluttered—with some decidedly dark touches that, conceivably, could have undertones of the Holocaust. To lighten things up, Dille periodically tosses in bits of relatively sophisticated humor. At one point, the desert is described as 'a million-acre catbox,' there are references to espresso and endive, and when Miss Kitty cuts out on Tiger, they purr—Casablanca-like: 'We'll always have the Bronx.'"
Published works
Dille, Flint (2020). The Gamesmaster: My Life in the '80s Geek Culture Trenches with G.I. Joe, Dungeons & Dragons, and The Transformers. Los Angeles, CA: Rare Bird Books, A Vireo Book. .
References
External links
G.I. Joe Interview - Flint Dille
1955 births
American male screenwriters
American video game designers
Living people
Video game designers
Video game writers
Cecil Ernest Boord (died 1969) was an American chemist.
They graduated in 1907 from Wabash College and joined Ohio State University. They earned the titles of "dean of hydrocarbon chemistry" and "designer and builder of gasolines" through their years of pioneering research in the syntheses and testing of hydrocarbon components of gasoline. In 1955, Dr. Boord was awarded the prized Joseph Sullivant Medal in recognition of "notable achievement" in the arts and sciences by an alumnus or faculty member of Ohio State.
The Boord olefin synthesis, a reaction they discovered in 1930, is named after him. It is a classic named reaction with high yields and broad scope.
They wrote the chapter on aliphatic compounds in the 1933 Annual Survey of American Chemistry published for the National Research Council.
External links
Annual Survey of American Chemistry
References
American chemists
Wabash College alumni
19th-century births
Year of birth missing
1969 deaths
Synthajoy is a science fiction novel by D. G. Compton. originally published in 1968 as an Ace Science Fiction Special in the United States and in hardcover by Hodder & Stoughton in Great Britain. An Italian translation appeared in 1972. Gregg Press issued an archival edition in 1977. Orion Books revived the novel as part of its Gateway line in 2011.
Summary
The novel explores the social consequences of the development of a "virtual reality" technology "which enable[s] unremarkable people to enjoy the experiences of those who are more gifted or fortunate". The protagonist is the wife of the creator of Synthajoy, who - realizing what damage it would do to society - murdered their husband, and was committed to a mental hospital. In a 2007 interview, Compton recalled that it was likely based "on the sort of popular science stuff that I as a non-scientist would have picked up out of the media or the general press and latched onto as something I could develop".
Reception
James Blish wrote that "[N]obody has handled [the novel's theme] a tenth as well as this English writer." George Edward Slusser characterized Synthajoy as a precursor to cyberpunk.
References
1968 American novels
Ace Books books
American science fiction novels
Novels about virtual reality
BVW may refer to:
Batavia Downs Airport, IATA code: BVW
Bordering Vegetated Wetland, a freshwater wetland that borders a creek, river, stream, pond, or lake; a wetland resource area defined in the Massachusetts Wetlands Protection Regulations (310 CMR 10.55)
bvw is the ISO 639-3 code of the Boga language
See also
BWV (disambiguation)
Kevin James Custer is a television, film, commercial and multi media producer and director. Kevin has produced, directed, and/or edited projects for clients that include MTV, BET, FUSE, Sony, DefJam, E1, The Clinton Global Initiative, The United Nations, UNICEF, P&G, Ford, Disney, Discovery Channel, Animal Planet, and more.
Prior to their film career, Kevin earned an MBA in finance and spent 8 years with management consulting firm McKinsey & Company where they designed international investment strategies & compensation models; financial risk/leverage models; foreign exchange/hedging strategies; global (multi-user, multi-bank, multi-currency) Treasury system.
Documentary films directed and/or edited
Finding The Funk – Director Nelson George, Editor Kevin J Custer - Featuring Questlove, Mike D, Bootsy Collins, Sly Stone, and more
Apocalyptica - "Theme And Variations" – Director & Editor Kevin J Custer - Featuring Lars Ulrich, Corey Taylor, Max Cavalera, Michael Monroe, and more
30 for 30 – Director Nelson George, Editor Kevin J Custer - Featuring Walt "Clyde" Frazier
Slayer - "25 Years Later - Madison Square Garden" – Director & Editor Kevin J Custer - 25 years after the show that destroyed The Felt Forum in NYC (MSG), Slayer returns to the Garden to perform and recount that epic night.
MOOGFEST – Director Kevin J Custer - Live at BB Kings, NYC featuring Jan Hammer, Keith Emerson, Bernie Worrell and more
Television / web series directed and/or edited
Discovery Channel - Shark Week 40th Anniversary
Animal Planet - Meet The Irwins / Wild Times
MTV Unplugged - Rita Ora
MTV Unplugged - Walk The Moon
MTV Headbangers Ball - Scandinavia - full season
Disney - That's Fresh with Helen Cavalo - full season
The Clinton Global Initiative 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015
BET 2011 Black History Month spots
Branded Content directed / edited
Ford Motor Company
Canon
Weight Watchers
P&G
Disney
Grand Cru
Pampers
Nicole Miller
Hurley
Music videos directed and edited
36 Crazyfists – "Swing the Noose"
Alanis Morissette & Souleye – "Jekyll & Hyde"
Anaka – "Deathborn"
Anaka – "Erase"
Angélique Kidjo – "You Can Count on Me"
Angélique Kidjo f/Aṣa – "Eva"
Angélique Kidjo f/John Legend & Bono – "Move on Up"
Before the Mourning – "Another Sleepless Night"
Beneath the Massacre – "Society's Disposable Son"
Big Noyd – "Things Done Changed"
Black Tusk – "Red Eyes, Black Skies"
Cannibal Corpse – "Priests of Sodom"
Chuck Ragan – "Non Typical"
Dark Sermon – "Hounds"
Decyfer Down – "Fight Like This"
DJ Webstar & Jim Jones – "Dancin on Me"
Fair to Midland – "Musical Chairs"
Fake Problems – "Soulless"
Hatebreed – "Ghosts of War"
Hatebreed – "Thirsty and Miserable"
High on Fire – "Frost Hammer"
Highly Suspect – "Mom"
Hunter Valentine – "Liar Liar"
Kingdom of Sorrow – "Lead into Demise"
Lacuna Coil – "I Like It"
Last Chance to Reason – "SBTBATAC"
Legion – "AndThen The Devil Said..."
Ligeia – "Beyond a Doubt"
Madball – "Infiltrate the System"
Method Man & Redman – "Mrs. International"
Miss Fortune – "Chasing Dreams"
Overkill – "Bitter Pill"
Overkill – "The Armorist"
Overkill – "Bring Me the Night"
Overkill – "Electric Rattlesnake"
Saving Abel – "Bringing Down The Giant"
Shadows Fall – "The Unknown"
Soulja Boy – "Donk"
Sparks the Rescue – "Autumn"
Subzero – "Lionhearted"
System Divide – "The Apex Doctrine"
Tesla – "So Divine"
The Destro – "Beast Burden"
The Gaslight Anthem – "American Slang"
The Gaslight Anthem – "Great Expectations"
The Gaslight Anthem – "The '59 Sound"
The Horrible Crowes – "Behold the Hurricane"
The Horrible Crowes – "Ladykiller"
The Killing Gift – "Self Medicated"
The Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band – "Angels Look Like Devils"
The Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band – "Pot Roast and Kisses"
The Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band – "Raise a Little Hell"
The Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band – "Something For Nothing"
The Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band – "Clap Your Hands"
The So So Glos – "Diss Town"
The Stick People – "My Everything"
Title Fight – "Shed"
Tombs – "Gossamer"
Too Late the Hero – "SCAIF"
Within the Ruins – "Calling Card"
Within the Ruins – "Feeding Frenzy"
Within the Ruins – "Gods Amongst Men"
Within the Ruins – "New Holy War"
Live concert DVDs directed and edited
Overkill – Live In Overhausen - DVD
The Horrible Crowes – Live at the Troubadour, LA - DVD
Flogging Molly – Live at The Greek Theater - DVD
Hatebreed – Live Dominance - DVD
Music videos edited
The Sounds – "Yeah Yeah Yeah"
The Sounds – "The No No Song"
Gym Class Heroes – "Index Down"
Hatebreed – "In Ashes They Shall Reap"
Jeremy Greene featuring Pitbull – "Rain"
Jim Jones – "Blow the Bank"
Jim Jones – "Nana na na Nana"
Jim Jones – "Pop Champaigne"
Justin Bieber & Usher – "One Time"
Ray J – "Gifts"
Straight Line Stitch – "Remission"
Straight Line Stitch – "Black Veil"
Testament – "More Than Meets the Eye"
The Warriors – "Destroying Cenodoxus"
Threat Signal – "Through My Eyes"
Unk – "Show Out"
Willie the Kid f/ Trey Songz – "Love for Money"
References
External links
HuffPost Video Debut: Angelique Kidjo with Fela!, Plus Los Lobos, Daryl Hall & John Oates, and A Conversation With Darrell Scott
Angelique Kidjo sings out for a fair and ambitious climate deal in Copenhagen
Renowned Music Video Director to Speak at USA
Fair To Midland To Film New Music Video
A Conversation with Vocalist Adam Warren by Chad Bowar
Black Tusk Debuts RedEyes,Black Skies Video
Overkill to re-release new CD/DVD with three unreleased live tracks
Living people
American music video directors
Advertising directors
1978 births
Majid Behbudali oghlu Behbudov (, 18 April 1873 — 6 September 1945) is an Azerbaijani khananda.
Biography
Majid Behbudov was born on April 18, 1873 in Shusha. According to Jalil bey Bagdadbeyov, they started singing in 1904. They had previously sung with tar player Tatevos and kamancha player Makich in the Karabakh and Ganja assemblies, and later in the villages and towns of the Caucasus. Majid Behbudov sang for many years with tar players Mashadi Zeynal, Rzabala and kamancha player Ruben Garakhanov at the Dvoryansky Club in Tbilisi. In 1910, the "Gramophone" Company invited the khananda to Riga to record their voice. They were considered a skilful performer of Mirza Husein sigah, Shushtar and Chahargah mughams and many folk songs. M.Behbudov also performed in musical performances, had concerts in Tabriz, Istanbul and Sofia.
Majid Behbudov also contributed to the development of opera theater in Azerbaijan. They played the role of Khosrov in Sasha Oganezashvili's opera "Farhad and Shirin" in 1911. Majid Behbudov also performed in Uzeyir Hajibeyov's operas and operettas, and in Mashadi Jamil Amirov's opera "Seyfal-Mulk".
The khananda died on September 6, 1945 in Qazax.
Family
Husband of Firuza Vakilova.
Father of Rashid Behbudov, Anvar Behbudov and Najiba Behbudova.
References
1873 births
1945 deaths
19th-century Azerbaijani male singers
20th-century Azerbaijani male singers
Home Sweet Hell (originally known as North of Hell) is a 2015 American black comedy horror film directed by Anthony Burns and written by Carlo Allen, Ted Elrick and Tom Lavagnino. The film stars Katherine Heigl, Patrick Wilson, Jordana Brewster, Kevin McKidd, A.J. Buckley, Chi McBride, and Jim Belushi.
On February 3, 2015, the film was released on video on demand before being theatrically released on March 13, 2015.
Plot
Don Champagne runs a successful furniture business. Their detail-oriented wife Mona has everything planned according to the book of their goals. One day an attractive young woman named Dusty applies for a sales job at Don's store. After consulting with their partner Les, Don hires Dusty.
Don is desperate because of their poor sex life with their wife. Shortly, Dusty seduces them and they start having an affair. Later, Dusty shows up at the birthday party of Don and Mona's son Andrew, telling Don that they are pregnant and wants to keep the baby. Don is desperate, and Les advises them to pay Dusty money.
It is then revealed that Dusty is the abused girlfriend of a criminal motorcycle gang leader named Murphy, and is lying to Don about their pregnancy. Don offers Dusty $13,000 for their silence, which they refuse, telling Don it will not be enough. Don is unsure whether Dusty will keep their mouth shut, and Les advises Don to tell Mona the truth before hearing it from Dusty. Don confesses to Mona, and they demand that Don kill Dusty.
Murphy is not satisfied with the $13,000, so Dusty calls Don and demands $25,000. Don agrees, but they and Mona prepare to poison Dusty instead. Dusty shows up for the money and swallows the poisoned drink. Don and Mona put an unconscious Dusty in the car and take their home. Once home, Dusty wakes up, so Mona kills them with a hammer. Mona hacks Dusty's body into pieces, buries it in the garden, and reveals to Don that Dusty wasn't even pregnant.
With friends Freeman and Benji, Murphy discovers Dusty is missing, suspect something went wrong, so they attack Les. Murphy also threatens Don by leaving their son a letter, in which they demand a meeting at a strip club. Don meets Murphy and their gang and convinces them that Dusty went to Dallas. Murphy tells Don that they had their money and threatens to rape their family if they do not pay them $20,000 the next day.
Don and Mona dig up Dusty's corpse and go to the place where the gang lives. While Mona is trying to hide body parts in the freezer, Freeman comes home with their girlfriend. Mona mortally wounds Freeman, stabs and kills their girlfriend, and shortly calls the police to report a disturbance at the house. Before dying, Freeman calls Murphy and tells them what happened. Murphy and Benji arrive and find Freeman and their girlfriend dead. Murphy also discovers parts of Dusty in the freezer and realizes they were set up. Soon the police arrive and find Murphy and Benji at the crime scene. The police shoot Benji while Murphy escapes. The police decided that Murphy and Benji were responsible for the murders.
While alone, Don asks Mona why they are so cold-blooded and if it was due to their upbringing. Mona threatens to kill them if they ever asks them that question again. The next day, Don finds the neighbor's dog dead in their freezer at a house party, and Mona displays very antisocial behavior with their guests. Terrified, Don stages an accident to kill Mona. After their death, Don and their children move to a new house and are seen in the driveway getting into a new car and driving away. The movie ends with Murphy going after their car. The screen turns black, and the end credits roll. Two shots are heard, followed by a prolonged honk and children's screams, indicating that Murphy had killed Don.
Cast
Production
Casting
On March 26, 2013, it was reported that Katherine Heigl and Patrick Wilson had signed on for Darko Entertainment's dark comedy North of Hell. The storyline revolves around a well-to-do business person (played by Wilson), who is used to having things their own way, but appears to be helpless at the hands of their domineering wife (played by Heigl). "I play a very dark person, which is out of my wheelhouse," says Heigl. On May 3, 2013, Deadline announced that Jordana Brewster had been cast as a sexy hire at Wilson's character's work who seduces and blackmails him, threatening to go to their wife with their affair.
The film also stars Kevin McKidd, of Grey's Anatomy. "Gotta say North of Hell cast and crew look pretty awesome! Be warned, I don't look like myself in this movie—in a bad/good way", they were reported saying on Twitter.
On September 30, 2014, the first trailer was released and revealed that the film's new title was Home Sweet Hell.
Filming
Filming began in May 2013 in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 5% based on 21 reviews, with an average rating of 3.1/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "Home Sweet Hell mistakes misogyny for subversive wit, aiming for black comedy but ending up with a grueling test of viewer endurance that wastes game efforts from its likable leads." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 22 out of 100, based on 12 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Accolades
The film received one Golden Raspberry Award nomination for Heigl in the Worst Actress category.
References
External links
2015 comedy-drama films
American comedy-drama films
Films shot in New Orleans
2015 films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Timothy Parsons may refer to:
Timothy Parsons (sailor), Hong Kong sailor
Timothy R. Parsons, Canadian oceanographer
Honey Creek is a tributary of Kishacoquillas Creek in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Honey Creek drains the northeast end of the Kishacoquillas Valley. Treaster Run joins just downstream of the community of Locke Mills. Sections of the creek bed are composed of porous limestone, allowing water to enter and flow through Alexander Caverns and picking up the tributary Laurel Creek while underground, near the community of Shrader. During low flow, on the surface the creek appears to disappear, while continuing to flow through the caverns. The creek joins Kishacoquillas Creek at Reedsville, approximately upstream of the Juniata River.
Mammoth Spring, the third largest spring in Pennsylvania, flows at an average of 14,000 gallons per minute through an opening in above ground limestone is located on Honey Creek near Alexander Caverns. Alexander Caverns was used as a show cave from 1926 to 1959. An artificial opening was made to allow tours, boat rides and Cathedral room.
Tributaries
Treaster Run
See also
List of rivers of Pennsylvania
References
Rivers of Pennsylvania
Tributaries of the Juniata River
Rivers of Mifflin County, Pennsylvania
Salvatore Sabella (; July 7, 1891 – 1962) was an Italian-born crime boss of the Philadelphia crime family in the 1920s.
Early life
Sabella was born in Castellammare del Golfo, Sicily, on July 7, 1891, who became a butcher's apprentice as a young boy. In 1905, tired of dealing with the butcher's violent outbursts, 14-year-old Sabella murdered him. In 1908, Sabella was convicted of the butcher's murder and sent to prison in Milan, Italy for three years. At some point, either in prison or after their release, Sabella became involved with the Sicilian Mafia. After their release, Sabella left Italy for the United States, apparently as an illegal immigrant. In 1912, Sabella arrived in Brooklyn, New York and joined the Salvatore D'Aquila criminal organization, which consisted of many other Castellammarese immigrants. During the next few years, mobster Giuseppe Traina trained Sabella for a future role in the organization.
Philadelphia mob boss
In 1919, Sabella was sent to Philadelphia to build a Castellammarese Sicilian criminal organization. As a front, Sabella started an olive oil and cheese business and a soft drink cafe. However, their real occupation was to build the family and protect its operations from other criminals. Sabella would train future mob bosses John Avena and Angelo Bruno to run the family. In 1925 Sabella was a suspect in the murder of rival mobster Leo Lanzetti. On May 30, 1927, two rebellious members of the Philadelphia organization, Vincent Cocozza and Joseph Zanghi, were shot and killed on a Philadelphia street corner. Zanghi's brother Anthony provided police with sufficient evidence to indict Sabella for their murders. Sabella was acquitted, but the authorities discovered that they were an illegal alien. Towards the end of 1927, Sabella was deported to Sicily and Avena became acting boss.
Castellammarese War
After Sabella's deportation the Castellammarese War erupted in New York between the Castellamarese faction, led by traditional mob boss Salvatore Maranzano, and a primarily Neapolitan faction led by Giuseppe "Joe the Boss" Masseria. The two sides would trade gangland slayings for several years. As a Castellamarese immigrant, Sabella was allied with Maranzano. In 1929, having returned to the United States, Sabella temporarily relocated to New York with nine gunmen to fight for Maranzano. On April 15, 1931, the war ended with the murder of Masseria. At this time, Sabella returned to Philadelphia and resumed control of their family.
Retirement
In 1931, Sabella was arrested for assault and battery with a motor vehicle. That same year, at age 40, Sabella retired from organized crime and permanently passed control of the family to Avena. The reason for Sabella's retirement is unclear; the recent carnage of the Castellammarese War may have prompted them to get out for their own safety.
Sabella reportedly moved to Norristown, Pennsylvania, where they worked as a butcher for many years. In 1962, Salvatore Sabella died of natural causes.
References
Blood and Honor: Inside the Scarfo Mob - The Mafia's Most Violent Family by George Anastasia, 2004,
External links
American Mafia.com - 26 Mafia Cities: Philadelphia, PA by Mario Machi 1999
The American Mafia - Salvatore Sabella
Mafia Chronology - Section II (1900–1919)
Mafia Chronology - Section III (1920–1931)
1891 births
1962 deaths
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Italian emigrants to the United States
American crime bosses
Philadelphia crime family
People from Castellammare del Golfo
Víctor Israel Díaz (born December 10, 1981) is a Dominican former professional baseball right fielder. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Mets and Texas Rangers, in the Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) for the Hanwha Eagles and in Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) for the Chunichi Dragons.
Career
Díaz attended Roberto Clemente High School in Chicago where they were honored as an Illinois All-State baseball player each of their four years there. As a high schooler, they were invited to dinner by fellow Dominican and star Chicago Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa. They attended Grayson County College where they were a first-team National Junior College Athletic Association All-American. They were selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 37th round of the 2000 Major League Baseball draft and signed as an infielder.
Díaz achieved quick success as a minor league hitter, winning the Gulf Coast League batting title in with a .354 batting average. They managed the same feat the following year hitting .350 in the South Atlantic League. In , they were traded by the Dodgers to the New York Mets for Jeromy Burnitz. Because of their limited fielding skills, the Mets moved Diaz to the outfield in .
Díaz made their major league debut with the Mets on September 11, 2004. They were impressive during their September tryout, hitting a three-run home run with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to win a pivotal game against the playoff-contending Chicago Cubs, essentially knocking them out of the playoffs on September 25, 2004. After the 2004 season, the Mets included Dìaz on their 2005 Opening Day roster, and they played their first and only full Major League season, as in 89 games they hit .257 with 12 home runs and 38 R.B.I.s. On August 22, 2006, Diaz was designated for assignment by the Mets. On August 30, 2006, Diaz was dealt to the Texas Rangers for Mike Nickeas. After the 2006 season, Diaz headed to the Instructional League to work with hitting coach Brook Jacoby on their swing, then they played in the Dominican Winter League. Diaz competed for a spot on the Rangers 25-man roster, but did not make the cut and started the season with Triple-A Oklahoma. Diaz was eventually called up to the Rangers and hit 9 home runs in only 104 at-bats and only 25 hits. They only appeared in 37 games for the Rangers in and became a free agent after the season.
On January 11, 2008, Diaz signed a minor league contract with the Houston Astros, but was released on May 2, 2008. Shortly thereafter, they signed a minor league contract with the Seattle Mariners and was assigned to their Triple-A affiliate, the Tacoma Rainiers. They became a free agent at the end of the season. On December 1, 2008, they signed with the Hanwha Eagles in South Korea. But they were released from Hanwha on July 8, 2009.
On July 19, 2009, Díaz signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles and was assigned to their minor league affiliate, the Norfolk Tides.
In 2012, Díaz signed a one-year deal worth $200,000 dollars (15m Yen) and a $50,000 signing bonus (3.9mil Yen) to play professionally in Japan for the Chunichi Dragons
In 2013, Diaz played for the Bridgeport Bluefish of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball, and batted .172 (20-116) with 2 home runs and 46 strikeouts.
In the summer of 2014, Diaz played in the Westchester-Rockland Wood Bat League and hit .340 (16-47) during the regular season while playing in only 17 games, and .500 (10-20) with two homeruns in 6 postseason games
Diaz signed with the Grand Prairie AirHogs of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball for the 2015 season.
References
External links
1981 births
Águilas Cibaeñas players
Binghamton Mets players
Bridgeport Bluefish players
Broncos de Reynosa players
Chunichi Dragons players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Japan
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Dominican Republic expatriate baseball players in the United States
Grand Prairie AirHogs players
Hanwha Eagles players
Living people
Major League Baseball outfielders
Major League Baseball players from the Dominican Republic
Mexican League baseball center fielders
Mexican League baseball right fielders
New York Mets players
Nippon Professional Baseball outfielders
Norfolk Tides players
Oklahoma RedHawks players
Rockford RiverHawks players
Rojos del Águila de Veracruz players
Round Rock Express players
Baseball players from Chicago
Tacoma Rainiers players
Texas Rangers players
Tigres del Licey players
Vaqueros Laguna players
Wichita Wingnuts players
Yaquis de Obregón players
Gulf Coast Dodgers players
Gigantes del Cibao players
Jacksonville Suns players
South Georgia Waves players
Kangersivartikajik, old spelling Kangerdluarssikajik, meaning "The bad little fjord," is a fjord in Eastern Greenland.
Geography
This fjord is located east of Sermilik (Sermiligaaq) in King Christian IX Land, north of Tasiilaq (Ammassalik). It runs from north to south for about 9 km. Sammileq (Sammilik) Fjord branches roughly northeastwards on the eastern side of its mouth. Leif Island is located to the south.
Bibliography
Spencer Apollonio, Lands That Hold One Spellbound: A Story of East Greenland, 2008
See also
List of fjords of Greenland
References
External links
Den grønlandske Lods - Geodatastyrelsen
Fjords of Greenland
Sein Ye Forest Park is a forest park of Burma. It is located in Oaktwin Township in Bago Division. It occupies an area of and was established in 1996.
References
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1996
The Château de Valognes was a castle in Valognes, Manche, France.
A castle has existed at Valognes since the 11th century. Bertrand du Guesclin captured it in 1364 and 1374 from the English garrisons. The castle was destroyed under orders of King Louis XIV of France in 1689, leaving only a small tower, which was destroyed by bombing in 1944.
References
Stéphane William Gondoin. Les châteaux forts au temps de Guillaume le Conquérant. September 2015
G. Le Barbanchon. Le château de Valognes et ses origines in: Revue de la Manche, tome I, fasc. 2, April 1959
Castles in Manche
Former castles in France
Hajj Kazemi (, also Romanized as Ḩājj Kāẓemī) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
"Posh!" is an up tempo song and musical number from the popular 1968 Albert R. Broccoli motion picture, Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. It is written by the songwriting team of Sherman & Sherman. It makes reference to the myth that the word "posh" is an acronym for "Port Out, Starboard Home". In the film it is sung when "Grandpa Potts" (played by Lionel Jeffries) is being carried away in their outhouse. They see the situation as serendipitous until they finally meet their kidnapper, Baron Bomburst in Vulgaria.
Use in stage musical
The song is also featured prominently in the 2002 and 2005 stage musical versions of the film. In the stage musical versions, Grandpa sings the song to the children in the family dining room and not while being kidnapped. An extra verse was also added to the beginning of the stage version, to tell the story of when Grandpa sailed out from Liverpool. The song is reprised a few times and is used as "Grandpa's" leitmotif.
References
Sherman, Robert B. Walt's Time: from before to beyond, Santa Clarita: Camphor Tree Publishers, 1998.
1968 songs
Songs from Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Songs written by the Sherman Brothers
Grevenmacher was a constituency, centred on the town of Grevenmacher, used to elect a single member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1839. It also sent two deputies to the National Congress of Belgium in 1830. It was initially one of eight constituencies in the Province of Luxembourg to take part in the 1831 Belgian general election, the others being Arlon, Bastogne, Diekirch, Luxembourg, Marche, Neufchâteau, and Virton – each electing one member. In 1839, however, under the stipulations of the Treaty of London, Grevenmacher, along with the constituencies of Diekirch and Luxembourg, became parts of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1985:
1985
References
External links
IMDb list of Hong Kong films of 1985
Hong Kong films of 1985 at HKcinemamagic.com
1985
Lists of 1985 films by country or language
1985 in Hong Kong
The Victoria Cup is the premier middle distance harness race of Australia. Conducted over 2575m, rather than the staying distance of over 3000m or the sprint distance of under 2000m, the Victoria Cup was run at the Melbourne Showgrounds up until 1975, when it was shifted to Moonee Valley. In 2009 the SEW Eurodrive Victoria Cup will be run at Harness Racing Victoria's new venue, Tabcorp Park at Melton. The race has been part of the Australasian Grand Circuit since 1987. Conducted in February from 1987 to 2003, the race is now conducted over two nights in December, alongside the Australasian Trotting Grand Prix.
The race record of 1.56.7 was set by Chokin (NZ) in 1994 when the race was run over 2380m. The race shifted to 2570m or 2575m due to a track upgrade. Double Identity in December 2003 held the record of a mile rate of 1.57.2 over the 2575m trip until Melpark Major's track record breaking performance of 1:55.8 in the 2008 event.
Race Winners
1974 - King's Mead (Standing Start)
1975 - King Frost (Standing Start)
1976 - Don't Retreat
1977 - Paleface Adios
1978 - Koala King
1979 - Koala King
1980 - Koala King
1981 - Frosty Imp
1982 - Popular Alm
1983 - Popular Alm
1984 - Preux Chevalier
1985 - Not Held
1987 (Feb) - Bag Limit
1988 - Bag Limit
1989 - Sinbad Bay
1990 - Sovereign Cloud
1991 - Sinbad Bay
1992 - Franco Ice (NZ)
1993 - Master Musician (NZ)
1994 - Chokin (NZ)
1995 - Golden Reign
1996 - Desperate Comment (NZ)
1997 - Desperate Comment (NZ)
1998 - Brabham (NZ)
1999 - Holmes D G (NZ)
2000 - Breeny's Fella
2001 - Shakamaker
2002 - Jofess
2003 (Feb) - Young Rufus (NZ)
2003 (Dec) - Double Identity
2004 - Sokyola (NZ)
2005 - Be Good Johnny
2006 - Blacks A Fake
2007 - Robin Hood
2008 - Melpark Major
2009 - Bettor's Strike (NZ)
2010 - Mr Feelgood
2011 - Smoken Up (NZ)
2012 - Caribbean Blaster
2013 - For A Reason
2014 - no race
2015 - Christen Me (NZ)
2016 - Lennytheshark
2017 - Lazarus (NZ)
2017 - Lennytheshark
2018 - Tiger Tara (NZ)
2019 - Bling It On
2020 - Lochinvar Art
2021 - Max Delight
See also
Miracle Mile Pace
A G Hunter Cup
Inter Dominion Pacing Championship
New Zealand Trotting Cup
Queensland Pacing Championship
Harness racing in Australia
Harness racing in New Zealand
References
External links
Official SEW-Eurodrive Victoria Cup Carnival Website
Harness races in Australia
Australasian Grand Circuit Races
Aarwangen Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Aarwangen of the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance. I
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The Iowa Star Conference is a high school athletic conference in Central and Northeast Iowa. The conference comprises fifteen schools, split between north and south divisions within the conference.
Current members
North Division
South Division
Recent history
North Tama County joined the Iowa Star in 2003, leaving the North Iowa Cedar League.
Former member CAL (Coulter-Alexander-Latimer) last had their own high school in the 2017–18 school year. After many years of sharing sports teams with Dows High School, and competing as CAL–Dows, Dows left the agreement and partnered with Clarion–Goldfield for the 2014–15 school year. The CAL school district still supports grades K–6, with grades 7–12 attending Hampton–Dumont; the athletic teams are referred to as Hampton-Dumont-CAL.
Members Baxter and Collins–Maxwell formerly partnered in sports, which Baxter ended that agreement to compete on their own in 2016. Both schools joined the conference separately in 2017.
BCLUW (Conrad) joined the Iowa Star Conference starting with the 2022-23 school year. BCLUW formerly competed in the North Iowa Cedar League.
External links
Official site
References
High school sports in Iowa
David Alexander Nichol (February 9, 1940 – September 22, 2013) was a Canadian business person and product marketing expert. As head of product development and eventually President of Loblaws Supermarkets, Nichol introduced the President's Choice store branded lines of products in the 1970s that propelled Loblaws from a struggling supermarket chain to an industry leader. For a time, as a pitchman for Loblaws, they became a recognizable Canadian business personality, largely due to theirs being featured in thirty-second commercials, and thirty-minute infomercials during the mid-1990s.
Early life
They were born in Chatham, Ontario.
Nichol's father was a railway station agent, so the family moved around frequently.
Nichol completed their undergraduate degree at the University of Western Ontario's School of Business (1962). While at UWO their roommate was Galen Weston Sr., from one of the richest families in Canada. Nichol completed a law degree at the University of British Columbia and a Masters in Law from Harvard.
Nichol was the best man at Weston's wedding.
Career
Their first job after Harvard was with McKinsey & Company's Toronto management consulting office.
Loblaws
In 1972, Galen Weston asked Nichol to help them with their family's supermarket chain, Loblaws. They joined the company that year as Executive Vice-President.
In 1976, Nichol was promoted to President. They worked with Galen Weston, Richard Currie, Brian Davidson and Don Watt to establish four retailer-branded product lines: "no name" for generic products; "President's Choice" for superior quality products; ""Too Good to be True"" (TGTBT as labeled) for nutritious healthy products; and "Green" for environmentally friendly products.
Throughout Nichol's association with President's Choice, Loblaw relied heavily on the executive's own palate when it came to product development. According to one newspaper report, "Dave's taste buds decree major business decisions." The Loblaw test kitchen was, in fact, situated next door to Nichol's office in central Toronto where it served as crucible for product
acceptance or rejection:
Nichol is stepping through their daily paces in Loblaw's airy, white test kitchen. Seven product-development staff hover watchfully. They fork a small sample of what appears to be chilli with meat into their mouth. The room falls silent. They close their eyes. They swallow. They nod their head. The tension breaks. Dave likes it ... This is market research, Dave Nichol style. No focus groups. No marketing surveys. If the president of Loblaw International Merchants, the product-development arm of Loblaw Companies Ltd., likes the taste, it's in.
If an item met with Nichol's approval, and merchandisers expressed interest, it could be brought to market in a few months. If, on the other hand, Nichol was unimpressed, that usually meant the end of the line for an item. "He could kill a product with a shrug of indifference, and there was no court of appeal." Most product ideas were rejected or sent back to suppliers for modification while others went through numerous reformulations before getting the go ahead. Meanwhile, Nichol seemed to relish their role as ultimate arbiter. "Nothing gets called President's Choice without my approval", they once commented. "If you dislike any of them, then I'm the guy who has to take the blame."
Nichol was the company spokesperson. They appeared in dozens of television commercials and radio spots promoting Loblaws products, most notably the President's Choice line. They starred in thirty-minute infomercials several times a year upon release of Loblaws Insider's Report periodical, of which they oversaw the development. This free publication, started in 1983, was an enhanced store flyer produced three times a year that marketed new products at discounted introductory prices. The Report "reflected their belief that success required not just great products, but great stories as well", Loblaw stated. "He always listened to the customer and kept their needs front-and-centre.
In 1985, Loblaws was reorganized and Nichol was made President of Loblaw International Merchants, the product development arm of Loblaw Companies Limited. They held that position for eight years.
Lines of new products were built around product names, for example the "Memories of" sauce products. They also introduced The Dave Nichol Cookbook, which sold some 100,000 copies.
Some products they touted are still sold, including the President's Choice Decadent Chocolate Chip Cookie, which was introduced in 1988.
In 1994, Anne Kingston released their authorized biography, The Edible Man: Dave Nichol, President's Choice & the Making of Popular Taste.
Nichol's relationship with Galen Weston Sr. had broken down when they departed Loblaws in 1994, but they later reconciled and Nichols consulted for Galen Weston Jr. who succeeded their father as head of Loblaw Companies Ltd. in October 2006.
Subsequent career
In 1994, Nichol became the CEO of Destination Products International, a subsidiary of Cott Corporation. For them they developed a line of unique premium food products that were offered to food retailers around the world under each retailer's own brand name. Nichol attempted to repeat their success as spokesperson by naming a beer after himself, made by Cott, and marketing it in television commercials very similar in style to their old Loblaws President's Choice spots. However, their marketing and product success was not repeated at Cott, as the company struggled to expand under Nichol, whose taste "seemed to diverge too much from the mainstream" Moreover, without direct access to shelf space, which came at Loblaws, they "had a far more difficult time gaining entry, as a result spending an excessive amount of money to secure shelf space." Just before Nichol joined Cott, the stock had reached a high-water mark in 1993 at $35.00 a share, when Nichol left it was falling dramatically for a variety of reasons, hitting bottom at $3.00 in 1998.
In 1997, Nichol left Cott to form a consulting firm, Dave Nichol & Associates, creating specialty products sold under their own or clients' brand names. However, their public profile diminished significantly and their once stellar marketing reputation with the consumer faded.
In 2005, Nichol was inducted as a Visionary into the Hall of Canadian Marketing Legends by the American Marketing Association. They were cited for "[changing] the retail landscape forever and has done so in a sustainable and meaningful way. A lifelong passion for food has translated into fundamental evolutions in the choices and quality of food products available to Canadian households."
Death
Nichol died in Toronto on September 22, 2013, at the age of 73.
References
Kingston, Anne. The edible man : Dave Nichol, President's Choice & the making of popular taste, Toronto : Macfarlane Walter & Ross, 1994. 365 p., [16] p. of plates : ill., ports. ; 25 cm.
External links
Marketing Hall of Legends
The Empire Club of Canada Speeches 1993-1994
1940 births
2013 deaths
Businesspeople from Ontario
Harvard Law School alumni
People from Chatham-Kent
University of Western Ontario alumni
University of British Columbia alumni
Stig Ragnar Lindbäck (2 October 1937 – 14 March 1999) was a Swedish middle-distance runner. They competed in the 800 m and 1500 m events at the 1964 Olympics, but failed to reach the finals. Lindbäck won the national 800 m title in 1962.
References
1937 births
1999 deaths
Swedish male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Norrbotten County
Embassy of Indonesia, Ottawa (; ) is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Indonesia to Canada. The embassy also represents Indonesia in the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). In addition to the embassy, Indonesia has two consulate generals in Toronto (Ontario) and Vancouver (British Columbia).
The chancery is located on Parkdale Avenue, south of the Ottawa River in Mechanicsville. The Indonesian government bought and renovated the building in this location in 1997. Before this location, the chancery was located on 287 MacLaren Street, Ottawa. When the diplomatic mission was still in the form of a legation office in 1952, it was located on Aylmer Road, Aylmer, Quebec.
The first Indonesian ambassador to Canada was Ali Sastroamidjojo (1953–1954). The current ambassador is Daniel Tumpal Sumurung Simanjuntak.
See also
Indonesia–Canada relations
List of diplomatic missions of Indonesia
References
External links
Canada–Indonesia relations
Ottawa
Indonesia
The Liability for Defective Products Act 1991 is an Act of the Oireachtas that augmented Irish law on product liability formerly based solely on negligence. It introduced a strict liability regime for defective products, implementing Council of the European Union Directive 85/374/EEC.
Liability for Defective Products Act, 1991
The Liability for Defective Products Act, 1991 was enacted pursuant to the EC Directive on Product Liability 85/374/EEC. Under the Act, a producer shall be strictly liable for damages in tort for damage (either to property or an individual) caused wholly or partly by a defect in their product .
Producers
Under the terms of the Act a producer is anyone who:
manufactures a finished product, raw material or a component of a product.
processes agricultural or other food products (specifically plants, livestock, fish or game.)
makes themselves out to be the producer by virtue of attaching their name, brand, trademark etc. to the product.
has imported the product into the EU to supply it to another person as part of their business.
has supplied the product, where the producer cannot be identified and any attempt by the injured party to elicit the producer's identity is frustrated or ignored.
Electricity is considered a product for the purposes of the Act
Defects
A defect is anything which results in the product failing to provide the safety a consumer is entitled to expect, taking into account all the circumstances . The Act expressly mentions three:
The presentation of the product - e.g. warning labels, instructions, probably even serving suggestions.
The use the product could reasonably be expected to be put - jamming a fork into a toaster for example would almost certainly not be actionable.
The time the product was put into circulation - relevant in that the safety of any product will diminish given enough time and in addition the standards expected by the community may increase
Warning labels
Over the past number of years a number of Irish cases have dealt with the issue of warning labels on products (mostly in connection with flammable clothing.) While developed in the context of negligence, they seem likely to inform future court judgments in terms of what constitutes a suitable presentation of a product.
In O'Byrne v Gloucester the plaintiff, a young girl, was standing next to an indoor heater when their cotton dress caught fire, burning them badly. The defendants were found guilty of negligence, in that they failed to avoid a grave and foreseeable risk by taking the easily affordable precaution of affixing a warning to the dress.
According to the decision in Cassells v Marks and Spencers, a producer of a flammable garment, need only give a basic warning. As McGuinness J said:
"In addition, I find it somewhat difficult to follow the logic of the argument asserted on behalf of the plaintiff that a warning “KEEP AWAY FROM FIRE” merely “tells people what they know already” and is too bland. The warning clearly indicates that the garment is made of flammable material - otherwise there would be no need for the warning."
Defences
There are six specific defences available . Being a strict liability statute, the defendant's taking reasonable care is irrelevant.
It is a defence if:
it is proved the defendant did not put the product into circulation.
given the circumstances, it is probable that the defect did not exist at the time the product was put into circulation, or it came into being afterwards.
the product was not manufactured for an economic purpose (e.g. sale, marketing) nor as part of the defendant's business.
the defect arises out of compliance with EU law
the state of scientific or technological knowledge when the product was circulated was not such as to allow the defect be discovered.
where the product is a component, the defect lay in the design of the final product into which it was fitted (e.g. where a chandelier collapsed due to being dangerously overweighed with lights, the producer of an individual bulb would have a defence.)
In addition, where the damage arose partially out of the negligence of the plaintiff, then the damages shall be apportioned as per Chapter III of the Civil Liability Act, 1961.
References
1991 in Irish law
Acts of the Oireachtas of the 1990s
Product liability
Consumer protection legislation
Koohi Goth Hospital, Karachi is a project of the Zafar and Atia Foundation Charitable Trust. It is located in Bin Qasim Town, Karachi, Pakistan.
This is the only charity fistula treatment center in South Asia. It started its services in 2006 by treating women suffering from complications like obstetric fistula and other gynecological disorders. It provides laparoscopic surgery and fistula management training.
The hospital runs under the supervision of Dr. Sher Shah Syed. They run PNFWH and Koohi Goth Hospital in Landhi. It also has a chain of training institutions.
Atia School of Paramedics
Atia School of Midwifery
Atia School of Nursing
References
2006 establishments in Pakistan
Hospitals established in 2006
Hospitals in Karachi
West Dallas Kings were an American soccer team, founded in 2001 by Michael Gordon, Reagan Angell, and David Angell, who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, for only one season. Coached by Jim Benedek.
Year-by-year
Soccer clubs in Dallas
Defunct Premier Development League teams
2001 establishments in Texas
2001 disestablishments in Texas
Association football clubs established in 2001
Association football clubs disestablished in 2001
The Lloyd Sabaudo was a Shipping transport line formed in Turin in 1906. It began passenger service in 1907, expanding to link Italy to ports in Asia as well as North and South America. In 1932 it merged with several other Italian shipping lines to form the Italian Line.
History
As the Company was established in Turin in 1906, it's starting its service route from, Genoa, to Naples, to New York route, by 1907 it started a passenger service From Genoa to Buenos Aires.
After the positive outcome for the Italian shipping companies of the Mediterranean Conference in Florence in 1906, some leading investors decided to enter passenger traffic to the Americas. The most important shipping company born as a result of this agreement was Lloyd Sabaudo, founded in 1906 with registered office in Turin and home port in Genoa where the operational offices of the company were located. The birth of this company created not a few discontents in the Ligurian shipowning class and, in particular, at Navigazione Generale Italiana which immediately understood that the new company would have made a ruthless competition.
In 1912, the headquarters were moved from Turin to Genoa and in 1913 a branch, "Marittima Italiana" was established to manage services to the Near East, the Red Sea, East Africa, India and the Far East. In 1919 a new connection service from the Black Sea and the Eastern Mediterranean to New York was started which was soon abandoned due to intense competition from other companies.
In 1932 the company was forced to merge with the Cosulich Line and the Navigazione Generale Italiana, to form the Italian Line.
Some Ships of the Lloyd Sabaudo
Gallery
References
External links
Italian Steamship Lines History and Ephemera Including Lloyd Sabaudo GG Archives
Transport companies established in 1906
Defunct shipping companies
Defunct transport companies of Italy
Defunct cruise lines
Transatlantic shipping companies
Economic history of Italy
Transport companies disestablished in 1932
Italian companies established in 1906
1932 disestablishments in Italy
1932 mergers and acquisitions
Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa Lewobrzeżna or Skrwa Południowa) is a river of Poland, a left tributary of the Vistula. It flows through the Gostynin-Włocławek Landscape Park, and from the town of Gostynin to its mouth it is a kayaking area.
Its counterpart the Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa) joins the Vistula about three miles downstream on the opposite bank.
Rivers of Poland
Rivers of Masovian Voivodeship
Tower of Guns is a roguelike single-player first-person shooter video game developed by Terrible Posture Games. It features levels that are randomly created from a pool of possible elements, making each playthrough unique.
The game was officially released on March 4, 2014 to generally positive reviews.
Gameplay
Tower of Guns is a first-person shooter that takes place in a tower filled with a variety of guns. The player must ascend the tower by advancing through a series of randomized areas. Each area contains a number of arenas and a boss fight that the player must clear to advance. At the beginning of every run, one of several "stories" is selected at random, ranging from a soldier ordered by their superiors to climb the Tower of Guns, to a gun-toting barbarian guide protecting an evil priest on their way to a dark ritual at the top of the tower, to an "inebriated scholar" trying to get to a friend's home who has confused the Tower of Guns for their friend's apartment building. Aside from on-screen text appearing at the beginning and ending of every level, these stories do not impact the gameplay in any significant way, and can in fact be toggled off completely at the beginning of a run.
At the outset of a run, the player may choose one gun and one perk before they enter the Tower of Guns. The tower is filled with randomly placed robots and sentry turrets that fire projectiles at the player. These projectiles can produce a variety of effects, such as area of effect damage, fire damage, or launching the player into the air. When an enemy is destroyed, blue tokens are produced that the player can pick up to increase their gun's level. The tower also contains various power-ups that alter gameplay and upgradable guns that the player can unlock.
The game is intended to be completed within one to two hours, and has been described as a "lunch-break experience."
Development
Joe Mirabello, the founder and sole member of Terrible Posture Games, began production on Tower of Guns after the collapse of 38 Studios, where they had been working on Project Copernicus, an unreleased massively multiplayer online game based on Kingdoms of Amalur. Mirabello said that "after working on a game with hundreds of people made for thousands of people, I wanted to work on a single-player game made by just one person." A pre-alpha version of the game debuted at IndieCade booth at the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo.
The completed build of the game was released on March 4, 2014 through a number of online clients, including Steam, GOG.com, GamersGate and IndieGameStand.
Reception
The game received positive reviews upon release, garnering a score of 78 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
External links
Tower of Guns official website
2014 video games
First-person shooters
Unreal Engine games
Video games using procedural generation
Windows games
MacOS games
Linux games
PlayStation 3 games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
Video games developed in the United States
Xbox One games
Single-player video games
Piauhytherium is an extinct genus of herbivorous notoungulate mammal of the family Toxodontidae. It lived during the Late Pleistocene, about 10,000 years ago; fossils have been found in Brazil. The only known species is Piauhytherium capivarae.
Description
This animal in general terms resembles a hippopotamus, with a big short snout, a massive body and a large head. The skull measured almost in length, which indicates that Piauhytherium could be as big as a modern black rhinoceros. With regard to its nearest relatives, such as Toxodon, this animal's legs were shorter and thicker, in addition, certain differences in the denture distinguish it from other notoungulates of this period.
Classification
Piauhytherium capivarae was described for the first time in 2013, based on a complete skull including a jaw and some postcranial bones found in Serra da Capivara in Piauí, in northeastern Brazil. This animal belonged to a group of notoungulates known as Toxodonta, which comprises numerous herbivores from the Cenozoic of South America, whose better-known representative is Toxodon. (Some remains found in Brazil have been reassigned to Piauhytherium.) Piauhytherium was very similar to Toxodon, but is differentiated in some features of is leg bones and characteristics of the teeth.
The 2018 study that described Falcontoxodon found Piauhytherium, along with Mixotoxodon, Gyrinodon and Falcontoxodon, to be in the same monophyletic clade within Toxodontinae. Below is a parsimony tree establishing the relationships between the genera of Toxodontidae, as proposed by Carrillo et al, 2018.
Paleobiology
The limb bones, which are particularly short and massive, led the authors of the original scientific description to hypothesise that P. capivarae led a semiaquatic lifestyle, similar to that of modern hippopotamus. This hypothesis had already been previously proposed for other toxodontids (including Toxodon), but equally has been refuted by other studies. The discovery of Piauhytherium is remarkable since it increases the degree of diversity of the toxodontids in the final stages of their evolutionary history: in the Upper Pleistocene only Toxodon, Trigodonops and Mixotoxodon were also known.
References
Toxodonts
Pleistocene mammals of South America
Lujanian
Pleistocene Brazil
Fossils of Brazil
Fossil taxa described in 2013
Prehistoric placental genera
9 Degrees West of the Moon is the 6th studio album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine. It was released in 2009. The album marks the return of the singer Fabio Lione after the departure of Michele Luppi.
Track listing
Credits
Fabio Lione - Vocals
Olaf Thörsen - Guitars
Federico Puleri - Guitars
Cristiano Bertocchi - Bass
Alessio Lucatti - Keyboards, Piano
Alessandro Bissa - Drums
Barbara Garzoni - Violin, Viola
Fausto Solci - Cello
References
2009 albums
Vision Divine albums
Frontier Records albums
(My Dear Studies in English) is a 2008 autobiographical book by an anonymous author known as "Laura D.", a modern language student at a university in Paris. The book has drawn national attention in France with its controversial contents, in which the author claimed that they had to go into prostitution to financially support their studies.
In 2010, a French film titled (English title: Student Services) was made based on the book. It was directed by Emmanuelle Bercot and starred Déborah François.
Notes
2008 non-fiction books
French autobiographies
Vosler is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Forrest L. Vosler (1923–1992), American aviator
Jason Vosler (born 1993), American baseball player
Kent Vosler (born 1955), American diver
See also
Vogler (surname)
Vossler
Rolando Perez is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes in Bellator's bantamweight division. They have also formerly competed for World Extreme Cagefighting and Strikeforce.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Perez started their professional career in 2005. They fought mainly for California–based promotion Total Combat.
In 2009, after amassing a record of four victories, one loss and one draw, Perez signed with World Extreme Cagefighting.
World Extreme Cagefighting
Perez made their promotional debut on January 25, 2009, at WEC 38 against future UFC's featherweight champion José Aldo. Perez was knocked out at 4:15 in the first round.
Perez next faced Seth Dikun on June 7, 2009, at WEC 41. They lost via submission due to a triangle choke in the first round.
Strikeforce
Perez faced Edgar Cardenas on April 9, 2011, at Strikeforce: Diaz vs. Daley. They won via unanimous decision (30–27, 30–27, 30–27).
Bellator MMA
Perez made their promotional debut against Mark Vorgeas on November 15, 2014, at Bellator 131. The bout ended in a split draw (29–27 Perez, 30–26 Vorgeas, 28–28).
Perez faced Shawn Bunch at Bellator 137 on May 15, 2015. They lost the fight by unanimous decision.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 7–5–2
| Shawn Bunch
| Decision (unanimous)
| Bellator 137
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| Temecula, California, United States
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center | 7–4–2
| Mark Vorgeas
| Draw (split)
| Bellator 131
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 7–4–1
| Tony Reyes
| Decision (unanimous)
| Pacific Xtreme Combat 24
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| Manila, Philippines
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 6–4–1
| Edgar Cardenas
| Decision (unanimous)
| Strikeforce: Diaz vs. Daley
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 5–4–1
| Todd Willingham
| Decision (split)
| Gladiator Challenge: Bad Behavior
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 3:00
| San Jacinto, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 4–4–1
| Adam Lorenz
| Decision (unanimous)
| AMMA 1: First Blood
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 4–3–1
| Seth Dikun
| Submission (flying triangle choke)
| WEC 41: Brown vs. Faber 2
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | 2:30
| Sacramento, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 4–2–1
| José Aldo
| KO (knee and punches)
| WEC 38: Varner vs. Cerrone
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | 4:15
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 4–1–1
| Nick Alvarado
| TKO (corner stoppage)
| Total Combat 32
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | 5:00
| El Cajon, California, United States
|
|-
| Draw
| align=center | 3–1–1
| Joshric Fenwick
| Draw
| Total Combat 28
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 5:00
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 3–1
| Kenneth Mendoza
| Submission (verbal)
| Total Combat 27
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | N/A
| Yuma, Arizona, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 2–1
| Jamie Fisher
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Total Combat 17: Proving Ground
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | N/A
| Yuma, Arizona, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center | 1–1
| Angelo Catsouras
| Decision (unanimous)
| Total Combat 13: Anarchy
|
| align=center | 3
| align=center | 3:00
| Del Mar, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center | 1–0
| Raymond Gomez
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Total Combat 9
|
| align=center | 1
| align=center | N/A
| Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico
|
Professional boxing record
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="8" | 1 Win (1 knockout), 1 Loss (1 knockout)
|-
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Res.
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Record
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Opponent
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Type
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Rd., Time
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Date
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Location
| align=center style="border-style: none none solid solid; background: #e3e3e3" | Notes
|- align=center
| Loss
| align=center | 1–1 || align=left | Julio Nario
| TKO
| 2 (4), 2:13
| 2013-03-29
| align=left | Auditorio Municipal, Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico
| align=left |
|- align=center
| Win
| align=center | 1–0 || align=left | Federico Martinez
| TKO
| 2 (4)
| 2010-12-17
| align=left | Four Points Sheraton Hotel, San Diego, California, United States
| align=left |
|- align=center
References
1980s births
Living people
Sportspeople from San Diego
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from California
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
American male boxers
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Boxers from California
Posey County is the southernmost, southwesternmost, and westernmost county in the U.S. state of Indiana. Its southern border is formed by the Ohio River, and its western border by the Wabash River, a tributary to the Ohio. As of 2010, the population was 25,910. The county seat is Mount Vernon.
Posey County is part of the Evansville, IN–KY Metropolitan Statistical Area. The Ports of Indiana-Mt. Vernon, on the Ohio River, is the seventh largest inland port complex in the nation. Mechanization of dock technology has altered the number of workers at the port, but Posey County is still the seventh-largest internal port in the United States, based on the tons of materials handled. Grain from the Midwest is among the products shipped.
History
After the American Revolutionary War, Posey County was originally considered part of the Northwest Territory, organized in 1787 by the new United States. As part of the Indiana Territory, it was organized in November 1814 from Gibson and Warrick counties. It was named for Revolutionary War Gen. Thomas Posey, who was then serving as Governor of the Territory. Mount Vernon was designated as the county seat in 1825. Its port on the Ohio River continues to be integral to the economy of the state and county.
Like other parts of southern Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, Posey County was first settled by people from the Upper South, many of whom arrived via the Ohio River. Farming was the primary development at first. In the mid- to late 19th century, the county received many German immigrants. The river port had rougher areas of vice, and a higher population of single men, as was typical. African Americans were among the men who worked on ships and at the port.
Posey County was the site of the largest recorded lynching of African Americans in Indiana's history. In October 1878, a white mob lynched seven Black men in the span of a few days. No one in the mob was prosecuted, and at each court session for the next three years, the prosecutor asked the judge to "set the case over to the next session". A grand jury was called to investigate the mob action, but with an election pending for the prosecuting attorney, no one was ever indicted. Following years of research, Posey County judge Jim Redwine wrote a novel, Judge Lynch! (2008), based on the events. Redwine sometimes lectures on the riot, inviting their audience to imagine how they would have acted and stressing the injustice done to the African Americans who were denied the right to a fair trial.
Geography
The low rolling hills of SW Indiana are carved by drainages; the Black River flows southwestward through the county's upper portion, discharging into the Wabash River north of New Harmony. Rush Creek drains the county's central portion, flowing westward to discharge into the Wabash in Harmonie State Park. The area is largely cleared and devoted to agriculture or urban use, although the drainages and lowlands are still wooded or brush-filled.
According to the 2010 United States Census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 97.67%) is land and (or 2.33%) is water. The lowest point in the state of Indiana is located on the Ohio River in Posey County, where the Wabash River flows into it, and Posey County's highest point (590 feet/180 meters ASL) is a small rise 1.6 miles (2.6 km) SSW from Saint Wendel, near the county's southeast corner.
Posey county lies at the tripoint of Indiana, Kentucky and Illinois.
Adjacent counties
White County, Illinois (west and northwest across intermittent sections of water and land boundaries)
Gallatin County, Illinois (southwest also over intermittent sections of water and land boundaries)
Gibson County (north and northeast)
Posey County
Union County, Kentucky (south, with some land boundaries on Indiana side)
Vanderburgh County (east)
Henderson County, Kentucky (southeast also with some land boundaries on Indiana side)
Cities and towns
Cynthiana - town
Griffin - town
Mount Vernon - city/county seat
New Harmony - town
Poseyville - town
Townships
Bethel
Black
Center
Harmony
Lynn
Marrs
Point
Robb
Robinson
Smith
Unincorporated places
Barrett
Blairsville
Bufkin
Caborn
Dead Mans Crossing
Erwin
Farmersville
Grafton
Hepburn
Heusler
Hovey
Lippe
Marrs Center
New Baltimore
Oak Grove
Oliver
Parkers Settlement - census-designated place
Philip Station
Prairie
Rapture
Saint Philip
Saint Wendel
Savah
Solitude
Springfield
Stewartsville
Upton
Wadesville
Welborn Switch
West Franklin
Protected areas
Harmonie State Park
Wabash Lowlands Wetland Conservation Area
Transportation
Major highways
Railroads
CSX Transportation
Evansville Western Railway
River ports
Ports of Indiana-Mt. Vernon is "the 7th largest inland port [complex] in the United States and serves as a major multi-modal hub for the region." It handles more than 4 million trip tons of cargo annually. Southwind Maritime Center is the name of a related port facility, now considered within the complex. This port facility is important to the economy of the state of Indiana as well as to Posey County. It handles shipping of grain, grain products, coal, fertilizer, cement and minerals, from a region that produces a large amount of grain. This is the largest public port within 175 miles of the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Mount Vernon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1912 and a record high of was recorded in July 1901. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in September to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from single-member districts of roughly equal population in the county. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is a three-person board of commissioners, who are elected at-large (county-wide), to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The court judge is elected to a four-year term and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable, who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: Other county elected offices include sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk Each serves a four-year term. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 25,910 people, 10,171 households, and 7,442 families in the county. The population density was . There were 11,207 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.2% white, 0.9% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.4% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 43.6% were German, 13.6% were American, 11.6% were Irish, and 11.2% were English.
Of the 10,171 households, 32.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.4% were married couples living together, 8.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.8% were non-families, and 23.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 41.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $68,722. Males had a median income of $55,786 versus $32,747 for females. The per capita income for the county was $26,727. About 6.0% of families and 8.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.2% of those under age 18 and 8.3% of those age 65 or over.
Education
Mount Vernon High School - Mt. Vernon
North Posey High School - Poseyville
Tourism & recreation
Posey County Stockyard
Visit Posey County - Posey County
Brittlebank Park - Mount Vernon
Harmonie State Park - New Harmony
Hovey Lake State Fish & Wildlife Area - Mount Vernon
New Harmony Historic District - New Harmony
Sherburne Park - Mount Vernon
Representation in other media
Posey County Judge James M. Redwine wrote a novel, Judge Lynch! (2008), based on the 1878 lynchings of seven African-American men in Mt. Vernon.
See also
Erie Canal Soda Pop Festival - Griffin, Indiana.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Posey County, Indiana
References
External links
Official website
Indiana counties
1814 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1814
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Evansville metropolitan area
Southwestern Indiana
Salvia meiliensis is a perennial plant that is native to Anhui province in China, found growing on roadsides at elevation. S. meiliensis grows on erect stems tall. Inflorescences are widely spaced 8 to many-flowered verticillasters in racemes or panicles, with a yellowish corolla that is .
Notes
meiliensis
Flora of China
Holmesglen Institute is a vocational education and higher education institute situated primarily in the South-Eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Australia.
History
Since its inception in 1982, Holmesglen has grown from a delivery of 90 programs to 7,000 students, to its current offering of over 600 programs to more than 50,000 students. Holmesglen delivers internationally and nationally across three main campuses: Chadstone, Moorabbin and Glen Waverley.
Founded on apprenticeships and courses for the Building Industry, Holmesglen has since expanded to offer courses over a broad range of subject areas. 2008 saw the introduction of a number of new degree and associate degree programs, increasing the institute's range of higher education courses to 10. New degree programs, most notably the Bachelor of Nursing, commenced in 2009. Holmesglen is the only institute in Australia offering upper secondary, vocational and higher education.
According to the Australian Business Register, the former names of Holmesglen are:
Holmesglen Institute of TAFE, ↵Flooring Technology Training Centre, ↵Hemisphere Conference Centre, and
Hemisphere Hotel.
Courses
Introduction of recent legislation in Australia has opened the door for TAFE institutes to deliver higher education courses at degree level in addition to certificate and diploma level qualifications. Holmesglen has embraced this new opportunity with enthusiasm and has developed several entirely new bachelor's degrees.
The range of courses on offer at Holmesglen rapidly increased over time, and now the institute delivers vocational training for trades as well as more academic courses including ten degrees in the areas of business, building, health & social sciences, hospitality, education & languages and arts & design.
Campuses
Holmesglen operates on three multidisciplinary campuses: Chadstone (adjacent to Holmesglen train station), Moorabbin and Glen Waverley. The institute also has smaller, specific campuses on Bourke St in the Melbourne CBD, and in North Melbourne and Eildon.
The Chadstone campus is the largest and most widely recognised. It is here that the traditional trades areas are mostly housed, in addition to many other course areas. The Chadstone campus has three on-site cafeterias in building five, three and one, and it also has McDonald's and Nandos nearby. The campus is within walking distance to Chadstone Shopping Centre.
The Moorabbin campus was acquired from Chisholm TAFE and began operating as a Holmesglen Campus in 2002. Prior to that it was part of Barton TAFE, before it merged to become Chisholm TAFE and before that stood alone as Moorabbin Technical College. This campus delivers a diverse range of courses including hospitality, business, engineering, health sciences, fitness and short courses. The Moorabbin Campus is also the site of the Holmesglen Vocational College. The Moorabbin campus has one cafeteria in building four, and next to the cafeteria is an on-site Subway.
The Waverley campus is the newest purpose-built facility and delivers training in hospitality, childcare, multimedia, animation, filmmaking, tourism, and recreation.
Holmesglen's Bourke Street campus in the heart of Melbourne city is a specialist facility dedicated exclusively to delivering nursing training.
The North Melbourne campus is the location for Holmesglen's electrical training facility, Futuretech, a collaborative training venture between Holmesglen and the Electrical Trades Union (ETU) Victoria Branch.
The Eildon Campus is an offsite rural campus which provides outdoor experiences and setting for student, staff, or corporate training opportunities.
References
External links
Holmesglen Institute official website
TAFE Colleges in Melbourne
Naziha Mestaoui (1975 – April 29, 2020) was a Belgian artist trained in architecture, who lived and worked in Paris. They worked both collectively (LAb(au), Electronic Shadow) and individually, and received awards in several countries. As an environmental artist and activist, they were best known for One Heart, One Tree at the United Nations Climate Conference (COP21) in December 2015. The participatory art installation supports reforestation on several continents.
Them work attempted to bridge "the virtual and reality, technology and nature, as well as what is visible and invisible."
Early life and education
Mestaoui was born in 1975 in Brussels, Belgium. Them father came from Tunisia.
Mestaoui trained as an architect. They did undergraduate work from 1993–96 at La Cambre in Brussels. From 1996-97 they studied at Graz University of Technology (T.U. Graz), working with Thom Mayne of Morphosis Architects.
They received a post-graduate diploma Architecte DPLG (Architecte diplômé par le gouvernement) from La Cambre in 1999.
Collaborative works
LAb(au)
Mestaoui was a co-founder of LAb(au), an artists group in Brussels, Belgium which explored the impact of advanced technologies on art, from 1997 to 2000.
Electronic Shadow
Beginning in 2000, Naziha Mestaoui worked with Yacine Aït Kaci in the duo Electronic Shadow, pioneering and patenting techniques of videomapping in digital art.
They worked on a wide variety of projects including wearable computers (interactive i-skin) and immersive and interactive environments.
In works such as Warm and Cold, (2005) they used tactile sensors and chromic materials to develop haptic user interfaces in which people interact with images to control the surrounding space, transforming the boundaries between space and image.
Electronic Shadow has exhibited in galleries including the Museum of Modern Art in Manhattan, the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris, and the Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography.
At the Musée Granet in Aix-en-Provence in 2011, their solo exhibit drew more than 35,000 visitors. It was the first time that a Beaux-Arts museum had mounted an exhibition of digital artists.
They collaborated with choreographer and dancer Carolyn Carlson, in the creation of their work Double Vision (2006). The work is an hour-long solo dance, to ambient music composed by Nicolas de Zorzi. In the piece, Carlson wears a huge skirt of parachute silk that connects them to the stage. It becomes a screen for Electronic Shadow'''s light designs. A gigantic mirror above the stage provides a second viewpoint for the transformations happening onstage. The dancer's environment has been described as a "high-tech playground" filled with light and color.
For the 4th Biennale of Moscow in 2011, they worked with the musician 2square (Stephan Haeri of Télépopmusik) to create the interactive piece Chaos Theory. The work was presented at Galerie Iragui with the support of the French Embassy in Moscow.
Their permanent light installation Résonances was created as an interactive skin for the outside of the FRAC Centre in Orléans, France, which opened on September 14, 2013. As joint winners in the competition, they worked with architects Jakob + MacFarlane who created the prefabricated tubular structure known as The Turbulences. By placing diodes on the structural lines of the anodised aluminium casing, Mestaoui and Kaci created a real-time "interactive ‘veil of light'" that is responsive to local climate and environmental data.
Independent projects
Naziha Mestaoui also worked independently. Them work was featured in a solo exhibition, Au-delà de l'invisible (Beyond the invisible), at Espace Krajcberg in Paris in 2014. Them works explored the place of humans in the world, both tribal and modern.
Echoing Bodies
The 2014 interactive installation Corps en résonance (Echoing bodies) generated sound and light displays in crystal bowls filled with water, in response to the movements of visitors. The installation was inspired in part by Tibetan singing bowls. As a bowl moves, it vibrates, moving the surface of the water and producing harmonic frequencies that can be both heard and seen.
One heart, One tree
Naziha Mestaoui's light installation One heart, One tree was inspired by their experiences traveling among aboriginal peoples in the Amazon, India, and Oman. These include the Huni Kui and Ashaninka in Peru and Brazil. The project was crowdsourced through Kickstarter, and developed over a four-year period. An early version, entitled One Beat One Tree, was presented at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20) in 2012.
The images created as part of One heart, One tree were projected onto monuments in Paris during the United Nations Climate Conference (COP21) in December 2015. Buildings included the Eiffel tower and the Hôtel de Ville, among others. Spectators used their smartphones to participate in creating the "forest of light", while listening to the music of Philip Sheppard. A heartbeat sensor on the smartphone gathered data that was used to generate a unique digital tree, that was then projected onto the building. 52,677 trees were created during the six days in which the participatory art project was displayed. For each computer-generated tree, a real tree will be planted, in Europe, Latin America, Africa or Asia, enabling participants in the art installation to also become participants in reforestation. The cost of planting is covered by the participants' donations (about $11 U.S.). Plans are underway to take the project to other cities around the world.
Awards
2014, Prix COAL, art et environnement
2014, Prix du jury à La Biennale De L'UMAM pour l'oeuvre Corps en Résonance 2011, Talent de l'innovation, Prix du Centre de luxe et création (awarded to Electronic Shadow, with Yacine Aït Kaci)
2005, Japan Media Arts Festival, Jury selection prize in the Art division for the installation H2O 2005, Trophée Laval Virtual, Grand prize in the Category Architecture, Art and Culture for H2O 2004, Japan Media Arts Festival, Grand Prize, Art division for the installation 3 minutes 2004, Prix Ars Electronica, Honorary Mention in interactive art for 3 minutes 2004, Trophée Laval Virtual, Art and culture for the installation Ex-îles 1999, Prix de la Brique belge et Tech-art prize, prix de la chambre des ingénieurs flamands for Lightscape(s)''
1997, 4ème prix, Concours d'urbanisme, Cultural capital Thessaloniki
References
External links
1975 births
2020 deaths
21st-century Belgian women artists
Environmental artists
Belgian artists
Belgian environmentalists
Artists from Brussels
Place of death missing
Belgian women environmentalists
Belgian people of Tunisian descent
This is a list of notable Mexican British people, including Mexican immigrants to the UK and British born people of Mexican origin with at least one Mexican parent:
Paloma Baeza, actor
Liliana Domínguez, supermodel
Marcelo Flores, professional footballer
Peter Gadiot, actor
Charlie Harper, singer, member of the punk rock band UK Subs
Dhani Harrison, musician, singer-songwriter
Antonio Pedroza, professional footballer
Azela Robinson, actor
Juan Solari, TV and film director, video journalist
References
Mexican
Mexican Britons
Lists of Mexican people
Ambunti Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea. Various Sepik languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Ambunti
02. Bangus (Yelogu language speakers)
03. Waskuk (Kwoma language speakers)
04. Beglam (Kwoma language speakers)
05. Tangujamb (Kwoma language speakers)
06. Singiok
07. Amaki 1
08. Ablatak
09. Waiwos
10. Bu-Ur
11. Warsei
12. Ambuken
13. Tauri
14. Oum 1
15. Oum 2
16. Sanapian (Chenapian language speakers)
17. Hauna (Pei language speakers)
18. Waskuk (Washkuk / Kwoma language speakers)
19. Kupkain
20. Swagap 1 (Sogap / Nggala language speakers)
21. Baku
22. Yessan (Yessan language speakers)
23. Prukunawi
24. Yambun
25. Malu
26. Yerakai (Yerakai language speakers)
27. Garamambu
28. Yauambak
29. Avatip
80. Ambunti Urban
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Paul Coppens is a Belgian television writer and sound engineer.
Mainly a writer for Belgian television, Coppens is probably best known for their writing of Alle maten since 1998 with Frans Ceusters.
External links
References
Flemish television writers
Male television writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Belgian male writers
Claudia (born 57 BC/56 BC) was the daughter of Fulvia by their first husband Publius Clodius Pulcher. They were the stepdaughter of Mark Antony and half-sister of their sons Marcus Antonius Antyllus and Iullus Antonius.
Biography
They had one full sibling from their parents; Publius Clodius Pulcher, and three half-brothers from their mother Fulvia; Gaius Scribonius Curio, Marcus Antonius Antyllus and Iullus Antonius.
Mark Antony was their mother's third husband. As Clodius had done previously, Antony was happy to accept Fulvia's money to boost their career. Following Julius Caesar's assassination in 44 BC, Antony formed the second triumvirate with Octavian and Lepidus and embarked on a savage proscription. To solidify the political alliance, Fulvia offered Claudia to young Octavian as wife, while Lepidus offered their wife's niece Servilia (daughter of Junia Prima and Publius Servilius Isauricus). Subsequently, Octavian chose Claudia. Not much is known about their marriage and little information survives about Claudia.
These actions caused political and social unrest, but when Octavian asked for a divorce from Claudia, Fulvia themselves decided to take action. Together with Lucius Antonius, their brother-in-law, they raised eight legions in Italy to fight for Antonius' rights against Octavian, in what became the Perusine War. The army occupied Rome for a short time, but eventually retreated to Perusia (modern Perugia). Octavian besieged Fulvia and Lucius Antonius in the winter of 41-40 BC, starving them into surrender. Fulvia was exiled to Sicyon, where they died of a sudden illness.
Octavian divorced Claudia to marry Scribonia, with whom they would have their only child, Julia the Elder. Their marriage with Claudia was never consummated and when they divorced her, they stated that they were still a virgin.
It is unknown what became of Claudia after their divorce from Octavian. A theory is that they may have married a Gnaeus Lartius and become the maternal grandmother of Publius Plautius Pulcher and their siblings Plautia Urgulanilla, Marcus Plautius Silvanus and Aulus Plautius Urgulanius.
See also
Clodia
Women in Rome
References
Further reading
Domina: The Women Who Made Imperial Rome
50s BC births
1st-century BC Roman women
Claudii Pulchri
Wives of Augustus
Year of death unknown
Ochoża-Pniaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Triphalangeal thumbs-brachyectrodactyly syndrome is a very rare limb malformation syndrome of genetic origin which is characterized by polydactyly, syndactyly, brachydactyly, ectrodactyly, triphalangeal thumb and polyphalangism. Onychodystrophy and anonychia are also seen often. 27 cases from seven families from Mexico and the United States have been described in medical literature. It is inherited in an autosomal dominan manner and thought to be caused by mutations in the HOXD13 gene, in chromosome 2.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
British Overseas citizenship is a form of British nationality under the British Nationality Act 1983. BOCs are British nationals but do not have the right of abode in the United Kingdom. This citizenship is normally for certain people who retained British nationality after independence (e.g. Kenya), but do not have enough ties with the United Kingdom to be British Citizens.
Visa requirements for other classes of British nationals such as British citizens, British Nationals (Overseas), British Overseas Territories Citizens, British Protected Persons or British Subjects are different.
Visa requirements map
Visa requirements
British Crown Dependencies and Overseas Territories
Territories
Right to consular protection
When in a country where there is no British embassy, British Overseas citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other commonwealth country present in that country.
See also List of diplomatic missions of the United Kingdom.
Non-visa restrictions
Foreign travel statistics
See also
British Overseas citizen
British passport
Visa requirements for British citizens
Visa requirements for British Overseas Territories Citizens
Visa requirements for British Nationals (Overseas)
References and Notes
References
Notes
British Overseas Citizens
Charles Hubert Eyck (24 March 1897 – 2 August 1983) was a Dutch visual artist. Together with and Joep Nicolas, they were a pioneer of the so-called .
Life and work
Charles Eyck was born in 1897 in Meerssen. They received their training at the Rijksacademie in Amsterdam. They had previously started as a pottery painter at the ceramics factory Céramique in Maastricht. In 1922 they won the Prix de Rome. After short stays in Sweden, Curaçao, southern France, Amsterdam, Clamart and Utrecht, they settled in Schimmert.
Initially, their work was expressionistic in style. They were later criticized for persisting in a more or less consistent religious style. Partly because of these criticisms and their increasing deafness, they lived more and more in seclusion in the house "Ravensbos" in Schimmert, which they designed himself.
After the unveiling of the Bevrijdingsraam in the Sint Janskerk in Gouda (1947), Eyck was presented with the decoration of a Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau. They returned the award almost twenty years later, because they could not agree with a marriage between Princess Beatrix and the German Claus.
Charles Eyck died at the age of 86.
Works
Begraafplaats van Aubel (1920), funerary chapel in Meerssen
Fresco (1937) in the refectory of the Klooster Mariënhage in Eindhoven
Het Verkeer (1939), design, in the context of 100 years of Dutch railways, executed by Jo Uiterwaal, Utrecht
Polytiek (1941) in the Onze Lieve Vrouw van Goede Raadkerk in Beverwijk
Windows (1945) of the city hall of Uithuizermeeden
Stations of the Cross (1946) in the Sint-Franciscuskerk in Groningen
Bevrijdingsraam (1947) in the Sint Janskerk of Gouda
The official investiture painting (1948) of Queen Juliana
Stained glass windows (1948/1950) in the Sint-Catharinakerk in Eindhoven
Limburgs bevrijdingsmonument (1952) on the Koningsplein in Maastricht
Wall painting (1953) in the officers' mess of the R.K. Zeemanshuis in Willemstad, Curaçao
Tile panel (1954) of Elizabeth of Hungary on the back facade of the former Sint-Elisabeth Hospital in Willemstad, Curaçao
Uniforms (1957) Schuttersgezelschap Sint Sebastiaan Schimmert
Paintings and stained glass windows (1958) for the Jozef Arbeiderkerk in Meerssen
Wall paintings (1962) in the church of Jeantes (Picardy)
Altar wall and Stations of the Cross in Zeist
Windows in the Roman Catholic HBS in Heerlen
24 stained glass windows in the Sint Jozef kerk of Achterveld
Stained glass windows in the Sint Martinuskerk in Venlo
Stations of the Cross in Enschede, in the Koepelkerk in Maastricht and in Schijndel
Stations of the Cross in Sint-Jan de Doperkerk in Waalwijk (1940-1943): due to Van Eyck's refusal to join the Kultuurkamer established by the German occupier, 3 of the 14 stations are not polychromed but still in the original terracotta colour
Stations of the Cross in de Sint-Martinuskerk in Genk
The painting of the vault and the apse in the St. Hubertuskerk in Genhout (municipality of Beek)
Paintings in the Onze Lieve Vrouwe Kerk in Helmond, assisted by Daan Wildschut and Ries Mulder
Paintings in the house at the Warandelaan in Helmond
Church painting in the church of the Redemptoristenklooster in Wittem
Church painting in the Sint-Barbarakerk in Bunnik
Stained glass window in the former Chamber of Commerce of Venlo
Illustrations for Karel en Elegast, by Jef Spuisers
Stained glass windows in the Sint-Gerardus Majellakerk in Nederweert-Eind
Apse of the Sint-Gerardus Majellakerk in Heksenberg-Heerlen
Stained glass window in the former town hall of Hoensbroek
Wall painting in the H. Andreas en Antoniuskerk in Oostelbeers
References
1897 births
1983 deaths
Dutch male painters
People from Meerssen
Horace Pauleus Sannon (7 April 187027 August 1938) was a Haitian historian, politician and diplomat.
Born in Les Cayes, Pauleus Sannon began medical studies at the Sorbonne in Paris, France, but abandoned them to study social-political sciences at the Collège de France. While still in France, they published their first book, Haiti et le régime parlementaire.
They wrote several books on the history of Haiti, including Essai historique sur la révolution de 1843 and Histoire de Toussaint Louverture. Scholars consider the latter to be their most important work, influencing the views of both Haitians and non-Haitians on the Haitian Revolution. C. L. R. James in 1938 called the book "the best biography yet written of Toussaint." As a historian, they had a reputation for scrupulously backing up their statements with evidence.
They were a co-founder, and the first president, of Haiti's Société d'Histoire et de Geographie, a group of Haitian intellectuals formed in 1924 who saw studying the past as a means to generate national pride and understand the conditions of the present (at the time, Haiti was occupied by United States Marines). The Societe popularized history among the public.
They served as Haiti's Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1906, and negotiated a trade treaty with France. They were appointed Haitian Minister to the United States in 1909. They were a Haitian presidential candidate in 1926 and 1930.
Works
Haïti et le régime parlementaire
Un journaliste sous Boyer: Darfour (1898)
Histoire de Toussaint Louverture Volume 1
Histoire de Toussaint Louverture Volume 2
Histoire de Toussaint Louverture Volume 3
References
Further reading
1870 births
1938 deaths
Foreign Ministers of Haiti
19th-century Haitian historians
Haitian male writers
20th-century Haitian historians
The 2011 A Lyga was the 22nd season of the A Lyga, the top-tier football league of Lithuania. The season began on 12 March 2011 and ended on 6 November 2011. Ekranas were the defending champions, having won their third consecutive title at the end of the 2010 season.
Teams
The league will see a change in the number of teams once again as twelve teams were granted a licence for 2011, one more than in the 2010 season.
FK Vėtra were expelled over financial troubles after 16 matches of the 2010 season; their records were annulled and the team was subsequently disbanded. From the remaining ten clubs, Atletas Kaunas, who finished in last place at the end of the season, were the only team not to apply for a 2011 top-level licence. Atletas therefore played at the second level in 2011.
Three new teams were admitted to the league, unbeaten 2010 I Lyga champions FBK Kaunas, seventh-placed team Atlantas Klaipėda and Dainava Alytus, a merger between I Lyga runners-up Alytis Alytus and third-placed city rivals Vidzgiris. FBK Kaunas and Atlantas made their return after two seasons in the lower divisions of the Lithuanian league system, while Dainava had their debut in the A Lyga, as neither of its predecessor clubs played at the Lithuanian top level in its history.
League table
Results
Teams played each other three times, either twice at home and once away or vice versa, for a total of 33 matches per team.
Matches 1–22
Matches 23–33
Top goalscorers
Including matches played on 6 November 2011; Source: Lietuvos futbolo statistika
References
External links
Official site
LFF Lyga seasons
1
Lith
Lith
Arthur Lucas (December 18, 1907 - December 11, 1962), originally from the U.S. state of Georgia, was one of the last two people to be executed in Canada, on 11 December 1962. Lucas had been convicted of the murder of 44-year-old Therland Crater, a drug dealer and police informant from Detroit.  They are also assumed to have killed 20-year-old Carolyn Ann Newman, Crater's common-law wife, but was never tried in their death. Crater was shot four times, while Newman was nearly decapitated. The murders took place in Toronto on 17 November 1961.
A ring belonging to Lucas was found in a pool of Newman's blood. When Lucas was arrested, they were found to have recently cut their nails, and blood was found underneath one of them. They also had gunpowder imbedded in their hand. There were bloodstains found in Lucas's car which matched that of Crater and Newman.
Lucas, along with fellow prisoner Ronald Turpin, was executed at the Toronto (Don) Jail by hanging, the only form of civilian capital punishment ever used in post-Confederation Canada, although the military employed execution by firing squad. In 1976, capital punishment for murder was removed from Canada's Criminal Code, but could still be used under the National Defence Act until 1998.
Chaplain Cyrill Everitt attended the double hanging and in 1986, shortly before their death, they revealed that Lucas's head was "torn right off" because the hangman had miscalculated the man's weight and that their head was hanging "by the sinews of theirs neck".
Lucas maintained their innocence, but said they were at peace with their punishment. They told Everitt that they had done a lot of terrible things in their life and it was finally catching up with him.
References
People from Daytona Beach, Florida
1962 deaths
People executed for murder
American people convicted of murdering police officers
People executed by Canada by hanging
American people executed abroad
American emigrants to Canada
People convicted of murder by Canada
20th-century executions of American people
1907 births
20th-century African-American people
Junkfuel is the debut album by the English alternative rock band Fretblanket, released in 1994.
The band supported the album by opening for Oingo Boingo on a North American tour. Junkfuel'''s first single was "Twisted".
Production
The band members were still in their teens when they made Junkfuel. The album was produced by Tim Palmer; some percussion was recorded at Smart Studios, in Madison, Wisconsin.
Critical reception
The Chicago Reader noted: "Sounding like the Replacements or Soul Asylum but with guitar-techie precision, these very young men—the oldest is 20—with long shiny hair would be a publicist's dream if their songs were at all distinctive." Trouser Press concluded that "William Copley's angry, raw-throated vocals and Clive Powell's grunge-guitar attack mark Fretblanket as one of the first British groups to reflect the worldwide influence of Nirvana's Nevermind ... But Junkfuel, with its rampaging hardcore rhythms and pop hooks, owes at least as much to Jawbreaker and the Descendents, and Powell's lyrics showcase a bright new talent with ideas of their own." The San Diego Union-Tribune wrote that Fretblanket "leads off its rambunctious U.S. debut with the aptly named 'Twisted", at the very least a glorious mess of inspired imagery ... While less coherent elsewhere on the album, the band is full of intriguing ideas."
The Austin American-Statesman thought that "the parts all seem to fit, but the sum sounds forced and clenched, as if the band hasn't figured out how to loosen up and let itself be a little less stilted." The Seattle Times determined that Junkfuel "is filled with high-energy wailing and plenty of thick guitar-bashing, but they are not without a decided sense of dynamics." Miami New Times'' opined that "Fretblanket sounds like Soul Asylum without the brains [or] experience."
AllMusic wrote that "with its bland formula of loud, intricate guitar chords mixed with simplistic, pounding drums and heavy cymbals, Fretblanket sounds an awful lot like Bush."
Track listing
References
1994 debut albums
Atlas Records albums
"Daniel" is a song written by English musician Elton John and songwriter Bernie Taupin, and performed by John. It was first released on John's 1973 album Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player.
In the United Kingdom, the song reached No. 4 in the official chart. In the United States, the song reached No. 2 on the pop charts (only held from number one by "My Love" by Paul McCartney and Wings) and No. 1 on the adult contemporary charts for two weeks in the spring of 1973.
In the US, it was certified gold in September 1995 and platinum in May 2018 by the RIAA. In Canada, it became their second No. 1 single, following "Crocodile Rock" earlier in the year, holding the position for two weeks in the RPM 100 national singles chart. John and Taupin received the 1973 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. The song appeared on the soundtrack of the 1974 film Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore.
Composition
Bernie Taupin wrote the lyrics after reading an article in either Time or Newsweek about a Vietnam War veteran who had been wounded, and wanted to get away from the attention they were receiving when they came back home. The last verse in the original draft was cut from the final version, which has led to some speculation on the contents.
Reception
Cash Box said that the "fascinating lyrics by Bernie Taupin will make you want to listen over and over again."
Personnel
Elton John – Vocals, back-up vocals, Fender Rhodes electric piano, Mellotron (for flute parts)
Davey Johnstone – acoustic guitar, banjo
Dee Murray – bass
Nigel Olsson – drums, maracas
Ken Scott – ARP synthesizer
Chart performance
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Accolades
Grammy Awards
|-
|1974
|"Daniel"
|Best Pop Vocal Performance – Male
|
Notable covers
"Daniel" was covered on the 1991 album Two Rooms: Celebrating the Songs of Elton John & Bernie Taupin by Wilson Phillips. It reached number seven on the US and Canadian Adult Contemporary charts as an album cut. The song also reached number 26 on the Canadian pop chart.
Sam Smith covered the song for the 2018 tribute album Revamp: Reimagining the Songs of Elton John & Bernie Taupin.
Marie Laforêt adapted and covered the song in French (title: "Daniel") in 1974. It was released as the B-side of the "Cadeau" EP. 125,000 copies were sold in France.
See also
List of RPM number-one singles of 1973 (Canada)
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1973 (U.S.)
References
External links
Songs about soldiers
1973 songs
1973 singles
1970s ballads
Elton John songs
Wilson Phillips songs
Songs with music by Elton John
Songs with lyrics by Bernie Taupin
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Song recordings produced by Gus Dudgeon
Rock ballads
DJM Records singles
MCA Records singles
Crime in Lesotho has high rate, ranging from carjacking, home invasion, robbery, sexual assault etc. Most of the reported crime incidents in the country are of opportunity for immediate gain.
Location
Most of the crime in Lesotho happen in urban areas. Crime rate in Maseru is five times higher than other districts and crime rate in Leribe and Mafeteng are also generally higher than other districts.
Law enforcement agency
Lesotho Mounted Police Service is the national police force dealing with crime in the country.
Types of crime
Organized crimes in the country usually involve people from South Africa in which they focus on human trafficking and vehicle theft.
See also
Human trafficking in Lesotho
References
Supplemental Arrows-B is a Unicode block containing miscellaneous arrows, arrow tails, crossing arrows used in knot descriptions, curved arrows, and harpoons.
Block
Emoji
The Supplemental Arrows-B block contains two emojis:
U+2934–U+2935.
The block has four standardized variants defined to specify emoji-style (U+FE0F VS16) or text presentation (U+FE0E VS15) for the
two emojis, both of which default to a text presentation.
History
The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Supplemental Arrows-B block:
See also
Unicode symbols
Mathematical operators and symbols in Unicode
References
Unicode blocks
Igor Marchenko (, born 5 July 1977) is a Ukrainian former pair skater. They competed with Evgenia Filonenko. They placed 11th at the 1998 Winter Olympics. They won two medals at the World Junior Figure Skating Championships, a silver in 1996 and a bronze in 1995. They are the 1998 Ukrainian national champions.  They are the brother of Illya Marchenko, a Ukrainian male tennis player.
Results
(with Filonenko)
References
Skatabase: Junior Worlds
Skatabase: 1998 Olympics
External links
Pairs on Ice: Evgeni Filonenko / Igor Marchenko
1977 births
Living people
Ukrainian male pair skaters
Olympic figure skaters of Ukraine
Figure skaters at the 1998 Winter Olympics
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Dnipro
Reedy Creek is a suburb in the City of Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia. In the , Reedy Creek had a population of 6,659 people.
Geography
Located in the hinterland towards the southern end of the city, Reedy Creek is a developing residential area.
The suburb is bounded to the north-east by the Pacific Motorway (M1), to the east by Old Coach Road, then follows the ridgeline around to the north-west and then loosely follows Eden View Drive back to the M1.
The elevation rises from above sea level in the north of the suburb to over in the south of the suburb at the end of Abbey Ridge Road. Reedy Creek rises in the south of the suburb and flows through it, exiting it to the north-east under the M1 into Varsity Lakes.
The land use is predominantly residential with the school facilities in the north of the suburb closer to the M1. Due to the hilly terrain and the creeks that flow through it, there is some undeveloped land.
History
King's Christian College opened its first campus in Reedy Creek on 1 February 1980. It opened its second campus at Pimpama in 2015 and their third campus opened in Chambers Flat in 2020.
Gold Coast Seventh Day Adventist School opened on 29 January 1982. It was subsequently renamed Gold Coast Christian College.
Hillcrest Christian College opened on 2 February 1982.
In 2000, the Palm Beach Baptist congregation built Reedy Creek Baptist Church at 10 Genvale Road to replace their Palm Beach church. The Palm Beach Baptist Church opened on Saturday 8 December 1928. It was the first church opened in Palm Beach. It was in Ninth Avenue. In 1969 the original building was demolished and replaced with a brick building. In 2000 the Palm Beach site was sold.
In the , Reedy Creek had a population of 6,659 people.
Education
King's Christian College is a private primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at 68 Gemvale Road (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 2,175 students with 159 teachers (139 full-time equivalent) and 146 non-teaching staff (113 full-time equivalent).
Gold Coast Christian College is a private primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at 7-9 Bridgman Drive (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 253 students with 21 teachers (19 full-time equivalent) and 12 non-teaching staff (8 full-time equivalent).
Hillcrest Christian College is a private primary and secondary (Prep-12) school for boys and girls at 21 Bridgman Drive (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 1,348 students with 106 teachers (99 full-time equivalent) and 89 non-teaching staff (71 full-time equivalent).
There are no government schools in Reedy Creek. The nearest government primary school is Clover Hill State School in neighbouring Mudgeeraba. The nearest government secondary school is Robina State High School in Robina to the north.
Other facilities
Other major facilities are located in adjacent suburbs, including Robina Town Centre and Robina railway station in Robina. In 2009, the Gold Coast railway line was extended to Varsity Lakes located on the eastern side of the Pacific Motorway, with a four lane bridge and pedestrian overpass linking it with Reedy Creek.
See also
Reedy Creek Observatory
References
External links
Suburbs of the Gold Coast, Queensland
George Theodore Masuda (March 13, 1913 - December 17, 1995) was bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of North Dakota from 1965 to 1979.
Early life and education
Masuda was born on March 13, 1913, in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the son of Roy T. Masuda and Minnie T. Gilbertson. They studied at Carleton College, graduating in 1934 with a Bachelor of Arts. They then enrolled at the Seabury-Western Theological Seminary, graduating with a Master of Divinity in 1942, and earned a Doctor of Divinity in 1965.
Ordained Ministry
Masuda was ordained deacon on March 16, 1942, in the Chapel of St John the Divine at the Seabury-Western Theological Seminary, by Bishop Frank McElwain of Minnesota. They were ordained a priest on March 25, 1943, in Trinity Church, Whitefish, Montana, by Bishop Henry H. Daniels of Montana. They served as vicar of Trinity Church in Whitefish, Montana between 1942 and 1948, and then as rector of St Luke's Church in Billings, Montana between 1948 and 1965. They married Jeanne Bennett on October 20, 1951, and together had two sons.
Bishop
In October 1964, Masuda was elected Missionary Bishop of North Dakota, and was consecrated on January 14, 1965, in Gethsemane Cathedral by the Bishop of South Dakota Conrad H. Gesner. They became the first diocesan bishop when the Missionary District of North Dakota became a diocese in 1971. They remained in office till their retirement in 1979. They then served as Assistant Bishop of Washington. Masuda died on December 17, 1995, in Monterey County, California.
References
1913 births
1995 deaths
20th-century American Episcopalians
Clergy from Minneapolis
Seabury-Western Theological Seminary alumni
Carleton College alumni
Episcopal bishops of North Dakota
20th-century American clergy
"Ain't Always the Cowboy" is a song written by Brandon Kinney and Josh Thompson, and recorded by American country music singer Jon Pardi. It is the second single from Pardi's third studio album Heartache Medication. (2019) The track is about a non-committal woman that uses Western iconography. "Ain't Always the Cowboy" peaked at numbers three and six on Billboard's Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts respectively. It also reached number 55 on the Hot 100. It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), denoting sales of over one million units in the United States. The song achieved similar success in Canada, giving Pardi their fifth number-one hit on the Country chart, and peaked at number 52 on the Canadian Hot 100. The accompanying music video for the single, directed by Carlos Ruiz, features Pardi barrel racing.
Content and history
The song uses Western imagery to describe a woman who does not want to commit to a relationship. Pardi told the blog Taste of Country, ""I feel like the topic of the song hasn't been written about in this way, and I love songs that approach things differently and offer fresh perspectives".
Thompson told the same publication that upon meeting with Brandon Kinney, they only had the title in mind, and after the two writers began drinking beer together, they came up with the idea for the song. The demo, featuring vocals from Thompson, was then sent to Kinney's cousin Bart Butler, who is also Pardi's producer. Butler chose for the song to be recorded at a faster tempo than the demo, adding prominent fiddle from Jenee Fleenor and a lead guitar from Rob McNelley, along with several backing vocals all sung by session vocalist Russell Terrell. Taste of Country writer Cillea Houghton described the song as "put[ting] as much focus on the restless woman who stole the titular cowboy's heart as it does the cowboy himself, tied together with descriptive lyrics".
Music video
Carlos Ruiz directed the music video, which features Pardi barrel racing.
Chart performance
On the week of September 12, 2020, "Ain't Always the Cowboy" debuted at number 99 on the Billboard Hot 100. Eleven weeks later, it peaked at number 55 the week of November 28, and stayed on the chart for eighteen weeks. On the week of December 19, it reached numbers three and six on both the Billboard Country Airplay and Hot Country Songs charts respectively. In Canada, the song debuted at number 100 on the Canadian Hot 100 the week of September 26. Nine weeks later, it reached number 52 the same week it peaked on the Billboard Hot 100, and remained on the chart for fifteen weeks.
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2019 songs
2020 singles
2020s ballads
Country ballads
Jon Pardi songs
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs about cowboys and cowgirls
Songs written by Brandon Kinney
Songs written by Josh Thompson (singer)
Lomatus hislopi is a fossil species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Lomatus.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
Suburban Souls: The Erotic Psychology of a Man and a Maid is an anonymous erotic novel in three volumes originally printed and published in Paris in one hundred and fifty copies in 1901 for distribution amongst private subscribers only. The book has been reprinted by Grove Press in the United States in 1968, 1979, and 1994, and in England by Wordsworth Classic in 1995 with an introduction by Richard Manton and Barney Rosset, the former owner of the publishing house Grove Press.
The book, which is considered a classic of the 20th century erotic fiction genre, was originally published by Charles Carrington, a leading British publisher of erotica in late-19th and early 20th century Europe, and possibly written by them also under the pseudonym of Jacky S--. Slang lexicographer John S. Farmer has been suggested as another possible candidate for the book's real author.
References
External links
Suburban Souls at Open Library.
Suburban Souls at Goodreads.
Detailed review of the work by Richard Manton
Dustjacket description of the work from the 1968 first modern reprint
1901 novels
Anonymous works
Erotic novels
The Burning Wild Man, known in Japanese as is a manga created by Tadashi Satō. It ran in Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1987 to 1991 with 19 volumes. It was later adapted into an anime series by Studio Pierrot. The 24 episode series aired on Nippon Television from March 1988 to September 1988.
became lost in the mountains as a small child. A foster father raised Kenichi; when Kenichi was 15 the foster father told Kenichi about their background and the teenager returned to the civilized world at age 15.
Characters
Kokuhō Family
. The main character and a practitioner of Cha Genmai Style Karate.
Kenichi's little sister who often acts as their straight man.
a.k.a. . The head of the Kokuhō family and a potted plant artisan.
Kenichi's little brother.
The young girl who lived as Kenichi's sister in the mountains.
The old man who found and raised Kenichi and taught them karate.
Kenichi's wolf companion from the mountains. They become the Kokuhō family pet. Their face looks more like a cat face.
Classmates
A school delinquent and third generation yakuza of the Hidou Boryokudan Group.  They are always depicted with their mouth open in an evil smile. They like Yukie.
Yukie's best friend.
A half-Japanese and half-Filipino boy who is highly influenced by American culture and is always wearing flashy outfits.
A pompous student who presents themselves as chivalrous and tries to impress girls.
An American transfer student who is very fascinated by Japanese culture.
Teachers
Animals
a.k.a. .
Others
Narrator
Video game
Im 1989, Toho released an action video game adaptation of the anime for the Famicom, developed by Advance Communication Company. The game starred Kenichi as the main character, while featuring Hidou, Rocky, and Shiranui as playable characters in some levels. The goal of the game is to rescue Yukie from a dragon simply named Dra Gon.
The game was re-branded with a circus theme and released in North America under the name Circus Caper, also published by Toho. The RPG element with the final boss was removed, the stages and bosses are in different order, and many graphical and musical changes were made to better resemble a circus theme.
References
External links
The Burning Wild Man
Moero! Oni-san Studio Pierrot
1987 manga
1988 anime television series debuts
1989 anime OVAs
Comedy anime and manga
Nippon TV original programming
Pierrot (company)
Shōnen manga
Shueisha franchises
Shueisha manga
Otto Ludwig (February 11, 1813 – February 25, 1865) was a German dramatist, novelist and critic born in Eisfeld in Thuringia. They were one of Germany's first modern realists and one of the most notable dramatists of the period.
Biography
Their father, who was syndic of Eisfeld, died when they were twelve years old, and they were brought up amidst uncongenial conditions. They had devoted their leisure time to poetry and music, which unfitted them for the mercantile career planned for him. The attention of the Duke of Meiningen was directed to one of their musical compositions, an opera, Die Köhlerin (The Charcoal Burner), and Ludwig was enabled in 1839 to continue their musical studies under Felix Mendelssohn in Leipzig.
But ill health and constitutional shyness caused them to give up a musical career and they turned exclusively to literary studies, and wrote several stories and dramas. Of the latter, Der Erbförster (The Hereditary Forester) (1850) attracted immediate attention as a masterly psychological study. It was followed by Die Makkabäer (The Maccabees) (1852), in which the realistic method of Der Erbförster was transferred to an historical milieu, which allowed more brilliant coloring and a freer play of the imagination. With these tragedies, to which may be added Die Rechte des Herzens (The Rights of the Heart) and Das Fräulein von Scuderi (The Lady of Scuderi), the comedy Hans Frey, and an unfinished tragedy on the subject of Agnes Bernauer, Ludwig ranks immediately after Christian Friedrich Hebbel as Germany's most notable dramatic poet at the middle of the 19th century.
Meanwhile they had married and settled permanently in Dresden, where they turned their attention to fiction. They published a series of admirable stories of Thuringian life, characterized by the same attention to minute detail and careful psychological analysis as their dramas. Some of these include Die Heiteretei und ihr Widerspiel (1851), and Ludwig's masterpiece, the powerful novel, Zwischen Himmel und Erde (Between Sky and Earth) (1855). In their Shakespeare-Studien (1871) Ludwig showed themselves a discriminating critic, with a fine insight into the hidden springs of the creative imagination. So great, however, was their enthusiasm for Shakespeare, that they were led to depreciate Friedrich Schiller in a way which found little favour among their countrymen. They died in Dresden in 1865. Their detailed analyses and observations of Shakespearean plays were published posthumously.
References
External links
1813 births
1865 deaths
People from Saxe-Hildburghausen
19th-century German dramatists and playwrights
German male dramatists and playwrights
19th-century German male writers
People from Hildburghausen (district)
La jeunesse de Spirou, written by Tome and drawn by Janry, is the thirty-eighth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the sixth of the authors. The stories were serialised in Spirou magazine before they were compiled as a hardcover album in 1987. This eventually launched the formal spin-off series Le Petit Spirou.
Story
Spip comments on articles left in the press about Spirou and Fantasio.
The youth of Spirou (1983) Oncle Paul, one evening of festival sprinkled well, tells an eccentric and more or less truthful version of the youth of the hero and their companions.
Unpleasant forger! (1983) Spirou inquires into a forger who publishes a Gaston Lagaffe n°5 pirate comic book. It finds its cushy job quickly but the gangster succeeds in fleeing by setting fire to the building.
The groom of the president (1982) One evening of midnight supper, Spirou, as usual wearing the clothes of a groom, or bell boy, is commanded by the hotel director who mistakes Spirou for one of their employees, making them operate the elevator at the moment when the American president arrives in the hotel. As the president is eager to spend a night without their bodyguards, they offer Spirou an occasion to flee. The US President is a cartoon of Ronald Reagan as the book was published in the eighties.
Incredible Burp! (1984) The Count of Champignac discovers during an experiment that one of its products causes horrible changes on an alive body in contact with alcohol. Dupilon swallows some inadvertently, with the result that a monster is released on Champignac. However, the attention of Spirou and Fantasio are taken by gangsters who direct the post office of the village. The gangsters are finally overcome and nobody will recognize Dupilon, quickly cured, in the monster.
Park with the stereotype! (1981) The Count of Champignac meets with former comrades in order to present inventions at strictly humane goal, with the castle at Champignac. However, a spy was introduced among the guests. Spirou and Fantasio are charged to uncover it. Actually, it proves quickly that they are two, but that does not prevent the two heroes from neutralizing them
References
Tome publications in Spirou and Janry publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1987 in comics
Cultural depictions of Ronald Reagan
fr:Histoires courtes de Spirou et Fantasio#La Jeunesse de Spirou
Fereej Al Soudan () is a district in Qatar, located in the municipality of Al Rayyan. It is mainly a residential area. In the 2015 census, it was listed as a district of Zone 55 which has a population of 283,675 and also includes Bu Sidra, Al Aziziya, Al Waab, New Fereej Al Ghanim, Muaither, Al Mearad, Fereej Al Manaseer, Fereej Al Murra and Al Sailiya. It is also listed as a district of Zone 54.
It borders Al Waab district to the south and Fereej Al Nasr and Al Sadd districts in Doha to the east. The district is connected to Al Waab through Al Waab Street, and both districts are being jointly developed as part of the Fereej Al Soudan District Centre plan. Furthermore, the District Centre will be complemented by infrastructure built in the neighboring Al Rayyan South Metropolitan Centre and Al Sadd Town Centre.
Etymology
"Fereej" in Arabic translates to "neighborhood", while "soudan" is derived from the Al-Suwaidi tribe, which was among the first tribes to settle the area.
Visitor attractions
Fereej Al Soudan Family Park is one of the smaller attractions in the neighborhood. It features a children's playground and a football pitch. Seating and parking is available.
Transport
The underground Al Soudan station currently serves the Gold Line of the Doha Metro. As part of the metro's Phase 1, the station was inaugurated on 25 November, 2019 along with the other Gold Line stations. It is located on Al Waab Street, between Joaan station and Al Waab station.
Among the station's facilities are a prayer room and restrooms. There are currently no metrolinks for the station.
Qatar National Master Plan
The Qatar National Master Plan (QNMP) is described as a "spatial representation of the Qatar National Vision 2030". As part of the QNMP's Urban Centre plan, which aims to implement development strategies in 28 central hubs that will serve their surrounding communities, Fereej Al Soudan has been designated a District Centre, which is the lowest designation.
Development of the District Centre will be oriented around the Al Sadd Stadium Metro Station. Mixed-use and retail buildings will primarily occupy the Centre. Much of the plan emphasizes a better connection between the district and Doha's transit system. As such, new bus routes, pedestrian infrastructure and parking lots will be created. More developments are also planned for Al Waab Street. A relatively large 10,401 m² mosque and a 3,788 m² community centre are planned for the Centre, as well as over 143,000 m² of sports facilities.
Education
The American School of Doha, opened in 1988, is based in Fereej Al Soudan.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Al Rayyan
Human Revolution may refer to:
Deus Ex: Human Revolution, a 2011 video game in the Deus Ex series
The Human Revolution, a multi-volume novel by Daisaku Ikeda, and adaptations
The Human Revolution (human origins), the sudden emergence of language, consciousness and culture in our species
Human evolution (origins of society and culture), the physical emergence of Homo sapiens as a distinct species
Neolithic Revolution, the wide-scale transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture
Origins of society, the emergence of distinctively human social organizations
Rajesh Kumar Mishra, also known as Pappu Bhartaul (born June 30, 1967) is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party. They have been an MLA twice in Uttar Pradesh. They represented Bareilly's Bithari Chainpur Assembly constituency as an MLA from 2017 to 2022.
Posts held
Controversies
They were engaged in several controversies during their tenure. In July 2019, Mishra was in a controversy when their daughter released a couple of videos, saying they feared for their life from their father and their brother because they married a Dalit. They were given police protection by the government and continues to live under the security cover.  They are facing 22 cases against him.
References
External links
Rajesh Kumar Mishra Urf Pappu Bhartaul on UP Vidhan Sabha
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttar Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh MLAs 2017–2022
People from Bareilly district
1967 births
Living people
Janki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 301.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Moustafa Esmail (born 23 June 1965) is an Egyptian boxer. They competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Egyptian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Egypt
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Boxers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
AIBA World Boxing Championships medalists
Flyweight boxers
Eray Ervin Cömert (4 February 1998) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a defender for La Liga club Valencia and the Switzerland national team.
Club career
Basel
Cömert started their youth football with Concordia Basel. In 2009, they transferred to Basel and played in their youth system. They played their debut in their first team on 10 February 2016 in the Letzigrund during the 3–2 away win against Zürich. Under trainer Urs Fischer Cömert won the Swiss Super League championship at the end of the 2015–16 Super League season. For the club it was the seventh title in a row and their 19th championship title in total.
In the 2016–17 UEFA Youth League group stage Cömert played in each of the six matches as the Basel U-19 team qualified for the knock-out round. In the away match on 28 September 2016 against Arsenal in the 40 minute Cömert scored the first goal from over 45 meters as Basel won 2–1.
Loans to Lugano and Sion
On 8 March 2017 Basel announced that they were loaning out Cömert to Lugano, until the end of the 2016–17 Swiss Super League season, so that they could gain first team playing experience. They played 12 Matches for Lugano and helped the team to avoid relegation. On 7 July the club announced that they were loaning Cömert out to Sion, for the 2017–18 Swiss Super League season.
Breakthrough
After the loan period, at the beginning of July 2018, Cömert returned to their club of origion. Under trainer Marcel Koller FCB won the Swiss Cup in the 2018–19 season. In the first round they beat Montlingen 3–0, in the second round Echallens Région 7–2 and in the round of 16 Winterthur 1–0. In the quarter finals Sion were defeated 4–2 after extra time and in the semi finals Zürich were defeated 3–1. All these games were played away from home. The final was held on the 19 May 2019 in the Stade de Suisse Wankdorf Bern against Thun. Albian Ajeti scored the first goal, Fabian Frei the second for Basel, then Dejan Sorgić netted a goal for Thun, but the end result was 2–1 for Basel. However, Cömert played only in two of these cup games.
In the following two and a half seasons Cömert was a regular starter in the team. The club announced, on 25 February 2022, that they had transferred out and moved to Spanish club Valencia. Cömert had come through Basel's youth system from the U-12 to U21 and since they advanced to the first team in 2016, they had played a total of 167 games for Basel scoring a total of 8 goals. 101 of these games were in the Swiss Super League, 9 in the Swiss Cup, 30 in the European competitions (Champions, Europa and Conference League) and 27 were friendly games. They scored 5 goals in the domestic league, 2 in the European competitions and the other was scored during the friendlies.
Valencia
On 25 January 2022, Cömert moved abroad for the first time in their career, after signing a four-and-a-half-year contract with La Liga side Valencia CF, for a rumoured fee of €800,000.
International career
Cömert was born in Switzerland and is of Turkish descent. Cömert played various international games for the Swiss U-15, U-16 and U-17 teams. They played their debut for the Swiss U-18 national team as centre-back on 22 September 2015 as they won 2–1 against the Danish U-19. On 30 August 2016 they played their first game for the Swiss U-19 and led the team as captain to a 1–0 victory against the Slovakian U-19.
They made their debut for Switzerland national football team on 18 November 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Gibraltar. They substituted Manuel Akanji in the 65th minute. In 2021 they were called up to the national team for the 2020 UEFA European Championship, where the team created one of the main sensations of the tournament reaching the quarter-finals.
Honours
FC Basel
Swiss Super League: 2015–16, 2016–17
Swiss Cup: 2018–19
References
External links
season 2015/16 on the Swiss Football League homepage
Sources
fcb-archiv.ch
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Basel
Association football defenders
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Turkish descent
Switzerland youth international footballers
Switzerland under-21 international footballers
Switzerland international footballers
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Swiss Super League players
La Liga players
FC Basel players
FC Lugano players
FC Sion players
Valencia CF players
Swiss expatriate footballers
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
This self-titled EP by indie rock group Oxford Collapse was originally released in a limited pressing by the Hot Chubbs Records (HCR) label. It has since been available from Kanine Records and Sub Pop.
Track listing
"If It Dies in Peoria Then Who the Hell Cares?" – 3:19
"Grasses of Anne" – 3:04
"Sex Face" – 2:40
"(Having a Blast In) Co-Op City" – 3:39
"Melting the Ice Queen" – 6:54
References
[ Allmusic album page]
Kanine Records artist page
Sub Pop album page
Oxford Collapse albums
2002 debut EPs
The 5th Canadian Comedy Awards, presented by the Canadian Comedy Foundation for Excellence (CCFE), honoured the best live, television, and film comedy of 2003. The ceremony was held in 2004 in London, Ontario, concluding the Canadian Comedy Awards Festival. The ceremony was hosted by Scott Thompson.
Canadian Comedy Awards, also known as Beavers, were awarded in 19 categories. Winners were picked by members of ACTRA (Alliance of Canadian Cinema, Television and Radio Artists), the Canadian Actors' Equity Association, the Writers Guild of Canada, the Directors Guild of Canada, and the Comedy Association.
TV series Corner Gas led with seven nominations followed by the films Mambo Italiano and Expecting with six apiece. Corner Gas won three Beavers, followed by Expecting and A Mighty Wind with two each. This ceremony also introduced the Chairman's Award which recognized the contributions of Mark Breslin, founder of Yuk Yuk's comedy clubs.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in boldface:
Live
Television
Film
Special Awards
Multiple wins
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple awards
Multiple nominations
The following people, shows, films, etc. received multiple nominations
References
External links
Canadian Comedy Awards official website
Canadian Comedy Awards
Canadian Comedy Awards
Awards
Awards
Drummerworld.com is an encyclopedia-like website about significant jazz, rock, rhythm and blues, funk, country, and pop drummers. The site features biographies, sounds, videos and pictures of important drummers and session drummers, as well as a drum clinic. this site also has an lesson section where drummers can learn from professionals.
History
The free site was created in 1997, in Switzerland by Bernhard Castiglioni. It was initially launched as drummerworld.ch, and changed to drummerworld.com in 1998. The server costs for 25 terabytes of monthly traffic are covered by Bernhard Castiglioni and by advertising revenue.
Site popularity and format
Drummerworld.com visitors have accessed more than 62 million individual pages, and traffic averaged more than 25,000 visits per day, 750,000 per month and 9 million per year. The site had visitors from 248 countries. Drummerworld was recognized by Drums!magazine in 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2015 as best Drumming Website. Seven Years in a row Drummerworld received the Drummie award, actually in October 2015
The Drummerworld website is organized into the following main sections: New, Drummers, Videos, Drum Solos, Drum lessons, Sounds, and Discussion Forum (over 140,000 members presently). The Drummerworld forum is cited as one of the "Best Active Drumming Communities Online".
Notes
External links
Drummerworld.com
Drumming
Swiss music websites
James or Jim Wood may refer to:
Politics and government
James Wood (governor) (1741–1813), Governor of Virginia and officer in the American Revolutionary War
James Wood (New York politician) (1820–1892), New York politician and Union Army general
James Wood (Irish politician) (1865–1936), Member of Parliament for East Down, 1902–1906
Jim Wood (California politician) (born 1960), member of the California State Assembly
Jim Wood (Arkansas politician) (fl. late 20th century), State Auditor of Arkansas
Sebastian Wood (James Sebastian Lamin Wood, born 1961), British Ambassador to Germany
Sport
James Wood (footballer) (1893–?), professional footballer, who played for South Shields, Huddersfield Town and Blackpool
Jamie Wood (born 1978), footballer
Jimmy Wood (1842–1927), American baseball player and manager
Jim Wood (American football) (born 1936), American gridiron football player and coach
James Wood (South African cricketer) (born 1985), South African cricketer, played for Durham UCCE
James Wood (Lancashire cricketer) (1933–1977), English cricketer for Lancashire 1954–56
James Wood (New Zealand cricketer) (1854–1937), New Zealand cricketer
Jim Wood (Sussex cricketer) (1914–1989), English cricketer, played for Sussex 1936–55
Jim Wood (biathlete) (born 1952), British Olympic biathlete
James Wood (baseball)
Religion
James Wood (mathematician) (1760–1839), Dean of Ely 1820–1839
James Wood (minister) (1672–1759), Presbyterian minister of Atherton and Chowbent Chapels in Atherton, Greater Manchester, England
James Frederick Wood (1813–1883), Archbishop of Philadelphia
James Julius Wood (1800–1877), Scottish minister
Military
James Wood (Canadian admiral) (born 1934), Canadian admiral
James Athol Wood (1756–1829), British rear-admiral
James W. Wood (1924–1990), U.S. Air Force colonel and senior test pilot on the Dyna-Soar program
Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet (died 1738), Scottish officer of the Dutch States Army and later the British Army
James Wood (Royal Navy officer) (died 1860), commander of HMS Pandora during its commission at the Royal Navy's Pacific Station
Others
James Wood (musician) (born 1953), British composer and percussionist
James Wood (critic) (born 1965), British literary critic and novelist
James Wood (encyclopaedist) (1820–1901), British editor of The Nuttall Encyclopaedia
James Wood, Lord Irwin (born 1977), British courtesy peer
James Edward Wood (1947–2004), American murderer
James N. Wood (1941–2010), American director of the Art Institute of Chicago
James Roland Wood (born 1941), Australian Royal Commissioner and jurist
James Rushmore Wood (1816–1882), American physician
Jim Wood (fiddler) (born 1964), American fiddler
James Wood (engineer), American engineer
James Wood Bush (c. 1844–1906), Hawaiian-American Civil War combatant
James Wood (screenwriter), British screenwriter
See also
James Woods (disambiguation)
Fischer is a lunar impact crater that lies in the northeastern part of the interior floor of the huge walled plain Mendeleev. This feature is located on the far side of the Moon relative to the Earth, and can only be viewed from a spacecraft.
This crater has a slender, circular rim and an interior that has the same low albedo as the surrounding floor. There is a smaller impact crater within the interior, adjacent to the northwestern inner wall. The rim and the floor of Fischer are pitted by several tiny craterlets.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Meet Dave is a 2008 American science fiction comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and written by Bill Corbett and Rob Greenberg. It stars Eddie Murphy in the title role, Elizabeth Banks, Gabrielle Union, Ed Helms, Scott Caan and Kevin Hart. The film was released on July 11, 2008 and grossed $50 million against a $60 million budget.
Plot
In their New York City apartment, a young boy named Josh Morrison stares through their telescope at an object falling from the sky. It is a golf-ball-sized metal ball that flies through the window and lands in their fishbowl, quickly draining the water along with the goldfish. They decide to show it at their school's science class presentation.
Three months later, a massive fireball crashes into the water near Liberty Island. It is revealed to be a spaceship that resembles a human, controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens. Its Captain pilots the spaceship from the command deck located in its head, with the help of their second-in-command Number 2, and researcher Number 3. The spaceship looks very human, and displays numerous superpowers, but the aliens don't know how to make the "ship" act like a human. A superstitious cop named Dooley desperately searches for the alien.
The aliens need to save their planet, Nil, from an energy crisis. They need salt, which they plan to take by draining the Earth's oceans using the metal ball, so they have to recover the ball. After the spaceship is hit by Josh's single mother, Gina Morrison while driving, the Captain decides to befriend Gina and Josh. They tell them their name is Dave Ming Chang, based on a quick scan of common Earth names. At Gina's home the crew see their missing ball in a photograph taken at the science presentation. After having breakfast with Gina, "Dave" goes to Josh's school where they pretend to be a substitute teacher and eventually is able to talk to Josh alone. Josh tells them that the ball was taken from them by a bully. With Josh's help, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully.
The Captain (via Dave) spends some time with Josh and Gina and realizes that humans are more advanced than they originally thought. The crew observes humans displaying feelings and love, such as witnessing Gina's painting or a homeless man offering to share their blanket with Dave when they sleep in a doorway. The Captain decides to cancel the plan to drain the oceans because it would destroy life on Earth. The police track Dave down using the impression of their face found in the dirt at the crash site and they arrest him. After spending so much time on Earth, most of the crew begin to exhibit new "feelings", adopting Earth's culture, mannerisms and general laid-back attitude. Number 2 decides that the Captain and the rest of the crew's changing behavior is unacceptable and takes command of the "ship", imprisoning the Captain. Under Number 2's command, Dave breaks out of the police station and another attempt is made to arrest him. Number 3, who has become infatuated with the Captain, becomes jealous of Gina. They first cooperate in the command change but later agrees with the Captain's view on humans. Both are caught by Number 2 and they are expelled from the spaceship. In the meantime, Number 17, a young, fun-loving alien, jumps out of the "ship" while drunk from the alcohol Dave has imbibed. The Captain apologizes to Number 3 for ignoring them They admit that they too love them and wants to be with them Back at the police station, Dooley discovers Number 17 in their coffee and interrogates them to find out where Dave is going.
Number 2 takes Dave to the harbor, where they try to throw the metal orb into the ocean, but is stopped by the Captain and Number 3, both of whom managed to gain reentry back onto the ship. They convince the rest of the crew that the real Captain is in charge again. Reinstated, they orders Number 2 to be stuck in the ship's "butt" forever. The metal orb meanwhile slips out of Dave's hand and rolls into the ocean. The Captain attempts to retrieve the orb but is told that they only have enough power to either retrieve it or return home. The Captain decides to save the Earth and the rest of the crew agrees. The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2, is retrieved. Dave powers down while Dooley and their partner catch up and point their guns at him. With no power, Dave's shields are disabled, leaving the crew defenseless. Josh tries to tell the police officers that Dave is harmless but is ignored. They then grabs Dooley's taser which they use on Dave, recharging him. The Captain and Number 3 reveal themselves to the police officers who stand down. The Captain says goodbye to Josh and Gina saying they now understand love. Number 17 is then returned to Dave by Dooley. About to fly away, a team from the FBI arrives and throws a net over Dave. While the FBI agents wrestle the body down, "Dave's" crew evacuates to one of the ship's "lifeboat" shoes, activate the engines, detaches the shoe and heads home to Nil, leaving behind both the ship and Number 2. While in the lifeboat, the Captain asks for Number 3's hand in marriage. They accept and they kiss.
Cast
Eddie Murphy as Dave Ming Chang and The Captain (Number 1)
Elizabeth Banks as Gina Morrison
Gabrielle Union as Number 3
Ed Helms as Number 2
Marc Blucas as Mark Rhodes
Scott Caan as Officer Dooley
Kevin Hart as Number 17
Yvette Nicole Brown as Betty, an Old Navy Saleswoman.
Mike O'Malley as Officer Stevie Knox
Austyn Lind Myers as Josh Morrison
Pat Kilbane as Number 4 / Johnny Dazzles
Tariq Bah as Marcus Grill
Miguel A. Núñez Jr. as Number 12
Adam Tomei as Number 35
Allisyn Ashley Arm as Nerdy Girl
Production
Screenwriter Bill Corbett originally pitched the story for SciFi.com, the website for the Sci Fi Channel, which previously aired Mystery Science Theater 3000, where Corbett worked as a writer and actor. The concept was eventually dropped and Corbett, along with other MST3K alumni, instead developed the online mini-series The Adventures of Edward the Less for the site. Corbett later revived the idea for a movie and discussed it with friend and fellow writer Rob Greenberg, who would become their screenwriting partner for the project. Although both writers acknowledged several other "little people inside big people" movies had been made in the past, Corbett thought the aspect of an entire Star Trek like crew operating a human being bore some originality.
During filming, Meet Dave was transferred from Paramount Pictures (which released many of Murphy's early films) to 20th Century Fox (which released Dr. Dolittle).
Meet Dave was written under the title Starship Dave, but studio executives insisted on a title change in part because of the poor box office performance of The Adventures of Pluto Nash, a 2002 science-fiction comedy that also starred Eddie Murphy. Corbett said the executives also wanted the title changed because they felt having any semblance of science-fiction in the title would isolate a large percentage of audiences. Corbett unsuccessfully argued against the new title, which they described as "beyond generic" and said was repetitive of a comedy released earlier in the year called Meet Bill.
Although the project as it was originally conceived appealed to both children and slightly older audiences, the final script aimed for a much more solidly family-based audience. Corbett and Greenberg wrote the original draft and some subsequent drafts and, although they were given the sole writing credit, Corbett said other writers "have romped through the script as well," including one unnamed writer who spent one week adding material after the final draft was submitted. A large amount of improvising and rewriting was also done on the set, and Corbett and Greenberg had little creative control during filming. Corbett said most of the people they worked with were pleasant and some of the notes from the studio were helpful, but that Meet Dave ultimately suffered from a "too-many-cooks thing."
Filming was expected to begin in March 2007. As of early June, they were filming scenes at the Statue of Liberty in New York City. There was also some filming in early 2007 at an elementary school in Pasadena, California.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack album for the film was composed by John Debney and released by Varèse Sarabande. Debney recorded their score with the Hollywood Studio Symphony at the Newman Scoring Stage in February 2008.
Release
Meet Dave began receiving criticism and virulence months before it was actually released, especially by die-hard film fans, Corbett compared to the Comic Book Guy character in The Simpsons. Greenberg enjoyed reading the negative comments on the Internet Movie Database, whereas Corbett said they would "rather take an acid bath" than read them. Corbett, who did not see the final film until after it was widely released, said they did not know how the final result would come out:
Murphy skipped the Meet Dave premiere, claiming it was because they were working on the (subsequently-delayed) comedy A Thousand Words – even though Robbins, who had directed both films, was at the premiere. Screenwriter Bill Corbett also missed the premiere, which they said was due to family plans, "not an act of protest, per se".
Box office
Meet Dave grossed $11.8 million in the United States and Canada and $38.8 million in other territories for a worldwide total of $50.7 million, against its production budget of $60 million.
The film opened on July 11, 2008, in 3,011 theaters in North America and grossed $5.3 million, ranking seventh at the box office. 20th Century Fox distribution executive Bert Livingston said, "It was a tough concept to get across. It's upsetting for all of us and for Eddie. He's very funny in this. Just not enough people came."
In its third weekend, it broke the record for the highest number of theater drops for a film in wide release, losing 2,523 theaters (77%). It held the record until Live by Night was dropped from 2,659 theaters (94.1%) in January 2017.
Reception
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 20% based on 102 reviews, with an average rating of 4.30/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Easy gags and slack direction drag this occasionally clever alien-out-of-planet comedy down to unimaginative lows." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 43 out of 100, based on reviews from 26 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film a grade "B" on scale of A to F.
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone gave the film a negative review and wrote: "Murphy, teaming again with their Norbit director Brian Robbins, is assuming we'll all line up for lazyass toilet jokes and pay for the privilege. Prove them wrong, people, please." Claudia Puig of USA Today wrote: "If only the movie had heeded its own advice and tried to be different from the standard formula. We might have enjoyed the powerful force of this big star and their gift for physical comedy if the movie offered fresh scenarios and fewer predictable jokes."
Joe Leydon of Variety gave it a positive review and wrote: "Aimed squarely at the same family audiences that flocked to Murphy's "Doctor Dolittle" comedies, this is a lightly amusing and surprisingly sweet Fox release."
Other response
The film's poor performance became a joke for comedians. Jay Leno said that the film's title was going to be changed to Meet Dave: At Blockbuster, insinuating that the movie should have been a straight-to-DVD release. In the also Fox-produced Family Guy episode "Friends of Peter G", during the "Mr. Booze" song number, Carl mentioned that since they started drinking, they have never left their couch and has seen every movie ever made. Meet Dave is the first movie called out, and Carl mentions they have seen it.
Bill Corbett said they would love to record a Meet Dave track on RiffTrax, a site featuring downloadable audio commentaries recorded by Mystery Science Theater 3000 alum Michael J. Nelson and other regular commentators, including Corbett. Corbett said the track was not likely to ever be recorded since comedies rarely work as spoofs. A reference to the film was included in the RiffTrax Presents commentary for Planet of the Apes recorded by Matthew J. Elliott (in which they suggested that the filmmaker's original intention had been to launch Charlton Heston's character into space inside a giant Eddie Murphy), as well as the commentary for The Day After Tomorrow recorded by Corbett and Kevin Murphy, in which Corbett claims the natural phenomena hitting Los Angeles were "almost as big a Hollywood disaster as Meet Daves box office".
Eddie Murphy singled out Meet Dave as one of the worst movies they ever made.
Accolades
It was nominated for two Razzie Awards, The Worst Actor (Eddie Murphy) and Worst Screen Couple (Eddie Murphy in Eddie Murphy).
References
External links
2000s science fiction comedy films
2008 comedy films
2008 films
20th Century Fox films
American science fiction comedy films
Dune Entertainment films
2000s English-language films
Films about size change
Films directed by Brian Robbins
Films scored by John Debney
Films set in New York City
Regency Enterprises films
2000s American films
The Butler Bulldogs softball team represents Butler University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team was founded during the 1980–1981 academic school year, and is a member of the Big East Conference (Big East). The Bulldogs play their home games at the Butler Softball Field on campus in Indianapolis, IN.
During their tenure in the Big East Conference, the Bulldogs have claimed 1 Big East Conference Softball Tournament title.
History
The Bulldogs first fielded a varsity softball team in 1981 and have been a member of five (5) athletic conferences during their existence which includes the North Star Conference, Midwestern Collegiate Athletic Conference (MCC), Horizon League, Atlantic 10 and, as of 2014, the Big East Conference.The Butler softball team has been led by Scott Hall for the last 12 seasons and is the 8th head coach in program history. Hall led the Bulldogs to a team record 4 tournament game wins in 2011 as well as a team record 16 conference wins in a single season in 2022. Hall also guided the Bulldogs to their first ever NCAA Tournament appearance in 2016 after capturing the programs first conference tournament championship.
Butler Softball Field
The Butler softball team calls the Butler Softball Field home, located adjacent to the Holcomb Gardens across the Inland Waterway Canal. The field is a part of a larger athletic field complex that features Varsity Field (the alternate field for both the men's and women's soccer teams), the outdoor tennis courts and intramural softball and soccer fields.
The facility underwent major renovations during the summer and fall of 2010. A new press box was built along with new bleachers and walkways. Also, the actual playing field was replaced and is now one of the best surfaces in the region. In 2010, the facility received a new infield surface with a natural sand and clay mix.
The field features brick dugouts for both the home and visiting benches, a bullpen area and batting cages located down the first baseline out of play and spectator seating for up to 500 people. The field's outfield dimensions extend to 200 feet from foul pole to foul pole.
Head Coaching History
Conference Affiliation
On March 20, 2013, the Butler administration announced that the school would join the reconfigured Big East, and moved to the new conference on July 1, 2013.
The Philosophical Notebooks of Lenin were a series of summaries and commentaries on philosophical works by Lenin. Included were works by Aristotle, Hegel, Feuerbach, Marx, and Deborin. Lenin's notes on dialectics played an influential role in Soviet and Chinese studies on contradiction and the unity of opposites. The Notebooks are often contrasted by scholars with Lenin's Materialism and Empirio-criticism.
The proper interpretation of the notebooks would play a major role in the Mechanist debate of the 1920s in the USSR and the One Divides Into Two controversy of 1964 in China.
See also
Vladimir Lenin bibliography
External links
Philosophical Notebooks by Vladimir Lenin at the Marxists Internet Archive
1918 non-fiction books
Communist books
Works by Vladimir Lenin
Books about revolutions
Philosophical literature
General elections were held in Guatemala on 12 November 1995, with a second round of the presidential elections held on 7 January 1996. Álvaro Arzú of the National Advancement Party won the presidential election, whilst their party also won the Congressional elections. Voter turnout was 46.8% on 12 November and 36.9% on 7 January.
Results
President
Congress
References
Bibliography
Villagrán Kramer, Francisco. Biografía política de Guatemala: años de guerra y años de paz. FLACSO-Guatemala, 2004.
Political handbook of the world 1995. New York, 1996.
Elections in Guatemala
Guatemala
1995 in Guatemala
Guatemala
1996 in Guatemala
Presidential elections in Guatemala
The Belarusian Orthodox Church (BOC; , ) is the official name of the Belarusian Exarchate (, ) of the Russian Orthodox Church in Belarus.
It represents the union of Russian Orthodox eparchies in the territory of the Republic of Belarus and is the largest religious organization in the country, uniting the predominant majority of its Eastern Orthodox Christians.
Bishop Beniamin (Vitaly Ivanovich Tupieko) became the Patriarchal Exarch of the Belarusian Orthodox Church in 2020.
The church enjoys a much lower degree of autonomy than the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Moscow Patriarchate, which is a semi-autonomous entity associated with the Russian Orthodox Church.
The Belarusian Orthodox Church strongly opposes the minor and largely emigration-based Belarusian Autocephalous Orthodox Church.
Structure
Structurally, the Belarusian Orthodox Church consists of 15 eparchies:
Eparchy of Babruysk and Bykhau
Eparchy of Barysaw
Eparchy of Brest and Kobryn
Eparchy of Hrodna and Vaukavysk
Eparchy of Homel and Zhlobin
Eparchy of Lida
Eparchy of Minsk
Eparchy of Mahiliou and Mstsislau
Eparchy of Maladzyechna
Eparchy of Navahrudak
Eparchy of Pinsk and Luninets
Eparchy of Polatsk and Hlybokaye
Eparchy of Slutsk
Eparchy of Turau and Mazyr
Eparchy of Vitsebsk and Orsha
References
External links
Official website
The Growing Power Of The Belarusian Orthodox Church - Belarus Photo Digest
Eastern Orthodoxy in Belarus
Exarchates of the Russian Orthodox Church
Eastern Orthodox Church bodies in Europe
In the 1938 FIFA World Cup qualification Group 3, the two teams played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Poland qualified for the third FIFA World Cup held in France.
Matches
Poland vs Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia vs Poland
Poland qualified on goal difference.
Team stats
Head coach: Józef Kałuża
Head coach: Svetozar Popović
References
External links
FIFA World Cup Official Site - 1938 World Cup Qualification
3
1937 in Polish football
qual
1937–38 in Yugoslav football
New Harbour is an abandoned town located within Fortune Bay in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that had a peak population of 24 in 1945. It is not to be confused with New Harbour, Trinity Bay and New Harbour on the south-west coast of Newfoundland.
History
Located near the resettled community of Femme in Fortune Bay, Trammer was first settled in the early to mid 19th century and was first recorded in the Newfoundland census of 1857 where one settler had been born in England. By 1869, there were 19 residents, with the surnames Matthews, Pauls and Rideout. At that time, residents of the small community would only receive their mail every two weeks from the main Fortune Bay economic hub of Harbour Breton. People of the community relied heavily on the herring fishery which was a prosperous venture in the mid to late 19th century in this area. The population held relatively steady into the 1880s where all residents were reported as being 'Newfoundland-born.' With the decline of the Bait fishery, both due to the collapse of the herring stocks and the controversial Bait Act that restricted Newfoundland fishermen from selling bait to American and French buyers, residents began to rely on the cod fishery. By the turn of the 20th century, the population had dramatically decreased to just six people. The community was revived shortly thereafter by a family of Wells from Bay L'Argent across Fortune Bay who made their home in vacated homesteads. By 1945, four Wells families and one Pardy family lived in the harbour, in what would be its peak population of 24. The community was abandoned in the mid-20th century.
Demographics
See also
Trammer, Newfoundland and Labrador
Femme, Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Ghost towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
Albano di Lucania (Lucano: ) is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
Main sights
The main sight in the town is the Mother Church of Santa Maria Maggiore (previously: chiesa Madonna della neve).
References
External links
Pro Loco Tourist Association of Albano di Lucania
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Cherokee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,658. The county seat is Cherokee. The county was formed on January 15, 1851, from open territory. It was named after the Cherokee Indians.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.03%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 59
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 7
Iowa Highway 31
Iowa Highway 143
Adjacent counties
O'Brien County (north)
Buena Vista County (east)
Ida County (south)
Woodbury County (southwest)
Plymouth County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 11,658 in the county, with a population density of . 96.59% of the population reported being of one race. 88.36% were non-Hispanic White, 0.75% were Black, 4.55% were Hispanic, 0.28% were Native American, 0.49% were Asian, 0.12% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 5.46% were some other race or more than one race. There were 5,558 housing units of which 5,008 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 12,072 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,777 housing units, of which 5,207 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,035 people, 5,378 households, and 3,597 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 5,850 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.33% White, 0.31% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 0.37% from other races, and 0.40% from two or more races. 0.95% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,378 households, out of which 29.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.30% were married couples living together, 6.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.10% were non-families. 29.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.91.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 20.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 97.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,142, and the median income for a family was $42,897. Males had a median income of $29,612 versus $21,181 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,934. About 5.50% of families and 7.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.70% of those under age 18 and 5.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Aurelia
Cherokee
Cleghorn
Larrabee
Marcus
Meriden
Quimby
Washta
Townships
Cherokee County is divided into sixteen townships:
Afton
Amherst
Cedar
Cherokee
Diamond
Grand Meadow
Liberty
Marcus
Pilot
Pitcher
Rock
Sheridan
Silver
Spring
Tilden
Willow
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Cherokee County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cherokee County, Iowa
References
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Grevillea treueriana, also known as Mount Finke grevillea, is a shrub that is endemic to Mount Finke in South Australia. It is listed as vulnerable under the EPBC Act.
Description
The species grows to about 2 metres in both height and width. It has deeply lobed leaves with sharp points and produces bright, orange-red "toothbrush" flowers in winter and spring.
Taxonomy
Grevillea treueriana was first formally described by botanist Ferdinand von Mueller, the description published in Fragmenta Phytographiae Australiae in 1875. The specific epithet honours Adolph von Treuer, a German Consul to Australia in the 19th century.
Cultivation
This species prefers a dry climate and well drained soil, but can be grafted on to rootsocks of Grevillea robusta or Grevillea 'Poorinda Royal Mantle' to enable cultivation in areas with higher humidity and rainfall. Plants can be propagated by taking cuttings from current seasons growth, or from seed which has been nicked with a sharp knife.
References
treueriana
Flora of South Australia
Proteales of Australia
Garden plants of Australia
Vulnerable flora of Australia
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Plants described in 1875
Tatyana Golovkina is a Russian-American microbiologist. They were awarded the 2020 KT Jeang Retrovirology prize.  They are a 2019 Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
They graduated from Moscow State University, and Cancer Research Center in Moscow. They teach at University of Chicago.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
American microbiologists
Moscow State University alumni
University of Chicago faculty
American people of Russian descent
Raymond W. "Ducky" Pond (February 17, 1902 – August 25, 1982) was an American football and baseball player and football coach. They were the head football coach at Yale University from 1934 to 1940, and at Bates College in 1941 and from 1946 to 1951, compiling career college football record of 52–55–3. Pond's record at Yale was 30–25–2 record, including a 4–3 mark versus Harvard. They mentored two of the first three winners of the Heisman Trophy, Larry Kelley and Clint Frank. At Bates, Pond led the undefeated and untied 1946 Bobcats squad to the inaugural Glass Bowl.
Pond was a public relations executive after their career in athletics.
Early life and playing career
Pond, after attending high school in Torrington, Connecticut, their birthplace, and the Hotchkiss School, was a member of the Yale Class of 1925, and a 1924 first-team All-American at halfback. Pond starred in the 1923 edition of The Game. They were nicknamed "Ducky" by Grantland Rice for returning a fumble 63 yards that afternoon against Harvard on a field that resembled "seventeen lakes, five quagmires and a water hazard". Yale had not scored a touchdown versus Harvard since the end of World War I.
Coaching career
An uproar engulfed Pond's hiring as head football coach at Yale in 1934. Though they had been head scout and an assistant for their predecessor, Mal Stevens, who coached from 1928 to 1932, and an alumnus like every head coach before him, Time magazine reported that the "New York City alumni, who had waged a furious fight to end Yale's policy of graduate coaches and demanded a proven winner from outside" were enraged that Michigan's Harry Kipke had not been invited to coach the team. Kipke had coached Michigan to consecutive national championships in 1932 and 1933. The alumni probably desired a reversal of the program's decline versus Harvard. Yale led The Game series 22–6–5 from 1875 to 1912; however, from 1913-33, Harvard led the series 11–7–1. Pond, whose head coaching experience had been two seasons at Hotchkiss, was the last alumnus head coach of football at Yale. Reginald Root, head coach for the 1933 season and an alumnus, had a .500 record and lost to Harvard.
Pond coached an historically significant game in 1934 versus Princeton. The 1934 contest was the last time a group of 11 starters played the entire 60 minutes of a game. At Palmer Stadium, Yale ended Princeton's 15-game winning streak with a 7–0 upset on November 17. The New York Times (November 17, 1934) reported that an expected capacity crowd of 52,000 would attend the contest, the 58th in the series. Princeton won another 12 consecutive games after the loss. The Yale starters, Larry Kelley among them, were nicknamed Iron Men by the press. Kelley scored the contest's sole touchdown. Fritz Crisler, considered the father of two-platoon football, was Pond's counterpart at Princeton. The contest has been subject of two books, Yale's Ironmen: A Story of Football & Lives in The Decade of the Depression & Beyond and Football's Last Iron Men: 1934, Yale vs. Princeton, And One Stunning Upset.
Pond coached two Heisman Trophy winners while at Yale. End Larry Kelley in 1936 and halfback Clint Frank in 1937 were the second and third winners of the most prestigious individual award in football. Among the total of 21 assistants employed by Pond at Yale, future President Gerald Ford served for four seasons, 1937–1940, while attending Yale Law School, and Greasy Neale was hired as the backfield coach right after Pond's announced elevation on February 1, 1934. Neale had coached West Virginia to a 3–5–3 record in 1933, their third year there. Neale was clearly the chief strategist among the coaches.
Honors
Yale's athletic department awards annually the Raymond W. Pond Pitching Award.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1902 births
1982 deaths
American football halfbacks
Baseball pitchers
Bates Bobcats football coaches
Georgia Pre-Flight Skycrackers football coaches
Yale Bulldogs baseball players
Yale Bulldogs football coaches
Yale Bulldogs football players
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American public relations people
United States Navy officers
Hotchkiss School alumni
People from Torrington, Connecticut
Players of American football from Connecticut
Imsweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Turtleheart (Turtle's Heart or Tortle's Heart, their unami name was Tahkoxitèh) was a Delaware (Lenape) principal warrior and chief who lived during the French and Indian Wars, and Pontiac's War. They and Lenape Chief Killbuck represented the Delaware Nation at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix in 1768.
Early life and family
Little is known about the exact date of their birth or death. Apparently, Turtleheart was possibly the brother of Wolf Clan Chief Custaloga (Packanke) and perhaps the father or uncle of Captain Pipe called Konieschquanoheel and also known as Hopocan. In 1763 they lived in the Indian Town of Shaningo. located on a tributary of Big Beaver Creek. In the Journal of James Kenny, operator of the Trading Post at Fort Pitt, they write, "This morning soon came over ye Allegheny Custologas' Brother & Son James Mocasin ye Tortles Heart & another Ind'n from Shenangoe."
Pontiac's War
A.E. Ewing, descendant of Indian captive John Ewing, writes that "the new moon or 'Pontiac moon' of May, (13) 1763, had blood on it. The Algonquin chieftains, in secret council near Detroit, summoned by king Pontiac April 27, 1763, agreed to attack all the English posts recently surrendered by the French. A certain phase of the moon in May was to be the signal for a concerted attack. This was the beginning of Pontiac's War."
Thomas Hutchins, Assistant Engineer and mapmaker wrote in a letter to George Croghan "N.B. The Chief of the Musquetons spoke in behalf of their and the Pyankishaw Nations to the same Effect that the Ouitanons had done. Confirming what they said by giving. . some wampum 'a Council Pipe.' Late in the spring of 1763, nearly all the Western Indians, with the Senecas, rose against the English posts on the Lakes, the Allegheny, the Maumee, and the Wabash, killed or captured most of the garrisons."
The commencement wasn't concerned with just killing the garrisons at the Forts - but the extermination of some one hundred traders between Fort Loyall Hannon (Ligonier) and Fort Du Troit (Detroit). Indian Captive, John McCullough, after witnessing the shooting, tomahawking and stabbing of trader, Tom Green, wrote, "All the Indians in the Town immediately collected together, and started off to the Salt Licks, where the rest of the Traders were, and murdered the whole of them, and divided their goods amongst them, and likewise their horses. My adopted brother took two horse loads of beaver-skin and set off with them to Tus-ca-law-ways [Tuscarawas], where a number of Traders resided, and sold the fur to them." Of those traders, upon receiving payment, McCullough continues "However, as I heard, they went on safe until they got to Ksack-hoong [Sauconk], an old Indian Town at the confluence of the Beaver and Ohio, where they came to an Indian camp unaware. Probably the Indians had discovered them before they reached the camp, as they were ready for them. As soon as they made their appearance, the Indians fired on them. The whole of them fell excepting old Daniel and one [Thomas] Calhoon [and three of their men], who made their escape into Pittsburg."
On Day of May 27 James Kenny continues: "I went to ye Shore to meet them & invited 'em to our House to Deal, so most of them came; we Dealt about 80 Pounds worth before Dinner; they were in an unusual hurry, bot a Good deal of Powd'r & Lead & want'd more Powd'r but we had it not well to Spair; they seemed in no bad humour but rather in fear & haste, ye Tortle's Heart did not cross ye river with ye rest but went to Allex'r McKee & asked them when they tho't to go down in ye Country, McKee answer'd in Ten Days; ye Indian desired they would go that Day or in four Days at furthest or else they should not expect to see them alive more & Signified as if ye Indians was just ready to Strike us."
In the report to Colonel Henry Bouquet by Captain Simeon Ecuyer, Turtleheart was responsible, at "Beaver Creek", for killing traders "John Calhoon" and "Tho's Coplin".
Siege of Fort Pitt
Indians attacked Fort Pitt on June 22, 1763. Too strong to be taken by force, the British-held fort was kept under siege throughout July.
William Trent's Journal entry states that On June 24, "The Turtles Heart a principal Warrior of the Delawares and Mamaltee a Chief came within a small distance of the Fort Mr. McKee went out to them and they made a Speech letting us know that all our [POSTS] as Ligonier was destroyed, that great numbers of Indians [were coming and] that out of regard to us, they had prevailed on 6 Nations [not to] attack us but give us time to go down the Country and they desired we would set of immediately. The Commanding Officer thanked them, let them know that we had everything we wanted, that we could defend it against all the Indians in the Woods, that we had three large Armys marching to Chastise those Indians that had struck us, told them to take care of their Women and Children, but not to tell any other Natives, they said they would go and speak to their Chiefs and come and tell us what they said, they returned and said they would hold fast of the Chain of friendship. Out of our regard to them we gave them two Blankets and an Handkerchief out of the Small Pox Hospital. I hope it will have the desired effect. They then told us that Ligonier had been attacked, but that the Enemy were beat of."
Biological warfare involving smallpox
The siege of Fort Pitt is well known for documented instances of biological warfare. Colonel Henry Bouquet, who led a successful expedition to lift the siege, discussed infecting the besieging Native Americans with their superior, Sir Jeffrey Amherst, who wrote to Bouquet stating: "Could it not be contrived to send the small pox among the disaffected tribes of Indians? We must on this occasion use every stratagem in our power to reduce them." Bouquet agreed with the proposal, writing back that "I will try to inocculate the Indians by means of Blankets that may fall in their hands".
In this instance, as recorded in their journal by sundries trader and militia captain William Trent on June 24, 1763, dignitaries from the Delaware tribe met with Fort Pitt officials, warned them of "great numbers of Indians" coming to attack the fort, and pleaded with them to leave the fort while there was still time. The commander of the fort, Simeon Ecuyer, refused to abandon the fort. Instead, Ecuyer gave as gifts two blankets, one silk handkerchief and one linen from the smallpox hospital, to two Delaware delegates after the parley, a principal warrior named Turtleheart, and Maumaultee, a Chief. The tainted gifts were, according to their inventory accounts, given to the Indian dignitaries "to Convey the Smallpox to the Indians".
Captain Ecuyer later certified that the items "were had for the uses above mentioned," in the inventory reimbursement request, and General Thomas Gage would later approve that invoice for payment, endorsing it with a comment and their signature.
A devastating smallpox epidemic plagued Native American tribes in the Ohio Valley and Great Lakes area through 1763 and 1764, but the effectiveness of individual instances of biological warfare remains unknown. After extensive review of surviving documentary evidence, historian Francis Jennings concluded the attempt at biological warfare was "unquestionably effective at Fort Pitt"; Barbara Mann deduced "it is important to note that the smallpox distribution worked"; Howard Peckham noted the resulting fatal epidemic "certainly affected their vigorous prosecution of the war."
Treaty of Fort Stanwix
Turtleheart and Killbuck would represent the Delaware Nation at the Treaty of Fort Stanwix in 1768.
The Treaty of Fort Stanwix was held by Sir William Johnson, Baronet, with the Six Nations: Shawanese, Delawares, Senecas of Ohio and other dependant Tribes, at Fort Stanwix in the months of October & November 1768, for the settlement of a Boundary Line between the Colonies and Indians, pursuant to the orders of King George I.
While Turtleheart signed, they did not make a presentation at the Treaty.
References
Turtle
Indigenous people of the French and Indian War
Native American leaders
Lenape people
Vera Sell-Ryazanoff (born 1951) is a Russian-German painter and philosopher. They live and works in Berlin. Them artwork has exhibited in the Vatican Museum and can be found in numerous private collections.
The focus of their work revolves around the human being beyond the physical dimension. Although their work often deals with the human figure, the figure itself is no longer a purely physical body, but rather a metaphysical entity transcending space and time. The titles of all their works are musical, reflecting the vibration that they believe is at the source of all life. Harvard scholar and Professor of Art History at the Australian National University in Canberra, Sasha Grishin, has said of their work, "Light, which permeates all matter, is allowed to irradiate their forms, sometimes dissolving the flesh to leave only patterns and contours. Although the figure retains the centrality in their work, it is no longer a purely physical entity, but increasingly a metaphysical creation."
Early life
Vera Sell-Ryazanoff was born July 1, 1951 in Moscow. They received their art education at the Surikov Moscow Art Institute where, as a gifted student, they made little attempt to fit in with the prevailing philosophy of Socialist Realism. They executed illustrations for the magazine Znanie-Sila, for Jurij Nolev-Sobolev and poets Viktor Bokov and Yevgeny Yevtushenko. They worked on designs for the opera and theatre and also performed professionally in pantomime at the Pantomime-Theatre Gedrias Gitis. As a child they developed a passion for sculpture, particularly carving in wood, and, at 14 years of age, was taught by the sculptor Sergei Konenkov. At the age of 16 they won a national contest for small wooden sculptures which exhibited in Moscow and subsequently in Paris. They were allotted a basement studio in which they could work on their sculptures in exchange for tutoring children with behavioral problems, but three years later both the studio and their work were confiscated and, as a result, Vera Sell-Ryazanoff never returned fully to sculpture.
Art career
In 1974 their school teacher and friend, Vitaly Komar, invited them to participate in what was to become the notorious Bulldozer Exhibition, held on September 15 of that year at the Belyayevo urban forest in Moscow. The non-conformist art exhibition was crushed by police and plainclothes security officials, using bulldozers, water canons and dump trucks. Vera was arrested together with Oscar Rabin. Subsequently, their continuing art studies in the Soviet Union became problematic. In 1975 they married German diplomat Helmut Christian Sell and left Russia permanently on May 29 of that year.
They have lived and exhibited in Germany, Canada, Portugal, Australia, France, Italy, Morocco, South Korea, and Switzerland. While in Australia, they designed the stage set and choreographed four operas. Them career has spanned over forty solo exhibitions across ten countries. They have exhibited at the Vatican in Rome at the Galleria l`Agostiniana (the Gallery for Sacred Art), in Galerie Lise Cormery in Paris where Mstislav Rostropovich opened their exhibition, in Switzerland at the Chateau d`Allaman, and the Art Center Berlin, where they won critical acclaim for their work.
References
External links
Biography of Vera Sell-Ryazanoff by Sasha Grishin
Gallery of Vera Sell-Ryazanoff's paintings
Sasha Grishin publication and bio
Russian publication Znanie Sila
20th-century Russian painters
1951 births
Soviet artists
Soviet Nonconformist Art
Living people
Russian women painters
Dermanak (, also Romanized as Darmank and Dormonak; also known as Dirmanik) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 173, in 63 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Camila Alire is an American Librarian and was President of the American Library Association from 2009 to 2010. They were the first Hispanic president of the ALA. They were previously the President of REFORMA, National Association to Promote Library and Information Services to Latinos and the Spanish-speaking, in 1993-1994.
Alire is Dean Emerita at the University of New Mexico and Colorado State University.  They are also the former Dean of Libraries at the University of Colorado at Denver. They have served as a Professor of Practice for Simmons College's PhD program in Managerial Leadership in the Information Professions and as adjunct professor at San Jose State University Executive MLIS program. In 2011 the American Library Association honored them with the Lippincott Award for distinguished service to the profession of librarianship.
In 2012 President Barack Obama appointed Alire as a member of the National Council on the Humanities. Them appointment began on January 7, 2013 and expired on January 26, 2018.
In June 2019, Alire was recipient of the Elizabeth Martinez (librarian) Lifetime Achievement Award (LAA) by REFORMA. It is an award created to recognize those who have achieved excellence in librarianship over an extended (over 20 years) period of service and who have made significant and lasting contributions to REFORMA, as well as to the Latino and the Spanish-speaking communities.
Bibliography
"Management Basics" with G.Edward Evans. ALA Editions (2013).
"Academic Librarianship" with G. Edward Evans. Neal-Schuman (2010)
Serving Latino Communities (Rev. ed.). Monograph co-authored with Jacqueline Ayala. Neal-Schumann Publishing (2007)
Academic Librarians as Emotional Intelligence Leaders. Monograph co-authored with Peter Hernon and Joan Giesecke. Westport, Connecticut: Libraries Unlimited, (2007).
Charting our Future: Advocating to Advance Academic Libraries in College and Research Libraries News. Vol. 55, No. 8, September 2005.
Ask Camila [Alire]: It Can Be Done! Hispanic Outlook in Higher Education Magazine, November 7, 2005.
“The Library Professional” in Perspectives, Insights & Priorities: 17 Leaders Speak Freely of Librarianship.(Norman Horrocks, ed.) (Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press, Inc.), 2005.
“Two Intriguing Practices to Library Management Theory: Common Sense and Humanistic Applications,” Library Administration and Management, Vol. 18, No. 1, 2004.
“The Silver Lining: Recovering from the Shambles of a Disaster,” Journal of Library Administration, Vol. 38, No. 1 and 2, 2003.
“The New Beginnings Program: A Retention Program for Junior Faculty of Color,” Journal of Library Administration, Vol.33, No. 1 and 2, 2001.
“Diversity and Leadership: The Color of Leadership,” Journal of Library Administration, Vol.32, Nos.3/4, 2001.
Research Libraries in Colorado “Create Change. In ARL: A Bimonthly Report on Research Library
"Issues and Actions from ARL, CNI, and SPARC," August, 2000. Co-authored with Jim Williams.
Library Disaster Planning and Recovery Handbook, Neal-Schuman Publishing Company, New York, (Editor) 2000. Wrote four chapters.
Serving Latino Communities. Monograph co-authored with Orlando Archibeque. Neal-Schumann Publishing Co., 1998.
Ethnic Populations: A Model for Statewide Services, (28) American Libraries, November 1997: 38-40.
Mentoring On My Mind: It Takes a Family to Graduate a Minority Library Professional, (28) American Libraries, November 1997: 41. Hispanic Business Magazine, October 1997
Recruitment and Retention of Librarians of Color: The Future.” In Creating Our Future: Essays on Librarianship. (Sally Reed, ed.) (Jefferson, NC: McFarland and Co.), 1996.Equal Access for All: A Reaction to ‘A Nation Connected, In Envisioning a Nation Connected. (Betty Turock, ed.) (Chicago: ALA), 1996.Changing a Library Services Faculty Model: The Major & Minor (M & M) Approach, In ACRL National Conference Proceedings, 1995. Co-authored.Recruitment of Minority Personnel in Libraries. In Culture Keepers II. Unity Through Diversity, Presentation, Conference Proceedings of the Second National Conference of African American Librarians. (Westwood, MA: Faxon), September 1995.
Minorities and the Symbolic Potential of the Academic Library: Stewardship and Management Beyond Paternalism, College and Research Libraries, (56) November 1995: 509-517. Co-authored.
Library Services to Ethnic Minority Populations - Long Range Plan, ERIC ED366 338. (Editor), August 1993.Futures: The Continued Search for Excellence, In Community College Libraries: A Pattern Of Excellence, (Roseanne Kalich, ed.). (Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press), 1992.
Collection Evaluation: ‘Where's the Beef' in Community College Library Collections? In Community College Reference Services, (William Katz, ed.). (Metuchen, NJ: Scarecrow Press), 1992.
Libraries, Lobbying, and Legislative Issues, Colorado Libraries (18/4), December 1992: 4-5. (Guest Editor).
The Community College Library's Role in the Recruitment and Retention of Minority Students, Colorado Libraries, (17/3) September 1991: 5-8.
If You Don't Know Which Road to Take, Any Road Will Get You There, Colorado Libraries, (17/3) September 1991: 20-21.Education of Library Personnel, Colorado Libraries, September 1988. (Guest Editor).
CLA Human Resources Directory, Colorado Library Association, 1987. (Editor).
“Information and Library Technician Curriculum for Paraprofessionals,” Colorado Libraries, June 1987.Needs Analysis for Designing an Information/Library Technician Curriculum for Pikes Peak Community College,'' Community and Junior College Libraries, Summer 1986.
References
External links
Professional Website
American Library Association - Frontline Advocacy
Advocacy On The Frontlines with Dr. Camila A. Alire (YouTube)
American librarians
American women librarians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Presidents of the American Library Association
Simmons University faculty
University of New Mexico faculty
San Jose State University faculty
Colorado State University faculty
University of Colorado people
University of Denver faculty
University of Northern Colorado alumni
University of Denver alumni
Hispanic and Latino American librarians
21st-century American writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
American women academics
The 1991–92 season was the most successful season in the history of KK Partizan. Partizan took the title of European champion and also won the Yugoslav League and the Yugoslav Cup.
Players
Roster
YUBA League
Standings
Final
European League
Second round
Regular season
Group B
* Due to ongoing Yugoslav Wars, the three former Yugoslavian teams were forced to play all their home games outside their countries. All of them chose cities in Spain as the substitute home courts: eventual winner Partizan played in Fuenlabrada, titleholder Slobodna Dalmacija in A Coruña and Cibona in Puerto Real.
Quarterfinal
Final Four
Semifinal
Final
References
External links
Official website
1991–92
1991–92 in Yugoslav basketball
1991–92 in European basketball
The Childballads are a contemporary rock and roll band formed in New York City in 2005. The band name derived from the Child Ballads, a collection of 305 ballads from Scotland and England put together by Francis James Child in the late 19th century.
Fronted by singer, lyricist, poet, and harmonica player Stewart Lupton (formerly lead singer of Jonathan Fire*Eater), the Childballads also include Tunde Oyewole on bass guitar, Paul Arfield (also of Beaut) on rhythm guitar, Luke Wyatt on sideways guitar and John Melville (NY Loose, The Everyothers) on drums. They have been joined by Betsy Wright (Ex Hex, Bat Fangs) on keyboards, viola, and vocals, Hugh MacIntosh on drums and Judah Bauer (also of John Spencer Blues Explosion) on lead guitar.
After the breakup of Jonathan Fire*Eater, Lupton studied poetry at George Washington University—concentrating mainly on the High Middle Ages and Modernism—reconnecting with their early passion for literature.
The Childballads' sound is reminiscent of Royal Trux, a band that Lupton themselves cites as an influence, and their musical performances are interspersed with recitations of poetry. For example, in a solo gig at the Luna Lounge, Lupton read from John Ashbery. Traces of Ashbery can be found in Lupton's poetry and lyrics, as can be elements of Eliot and Dante. Similarly, in New York City's Lower East Side's "Cake Shop" on April 25, 2007, Lupton read from, and sang about, Lord Byron. Lupton performs in the style and tradition of Patti Smith and Bob Dylan, mixing scholarly knowledge with original music. Lupton has stated that their song "Green Jewelry" was inspired by the green stained glass windows within Washington D.C.'s National Cathedral, which is located a short distance from their home.
Besides having toured Paris and London in the past, The Childballads have toured as opening acts for Cat Power.
Stewart Lupton died on May 28, 2018, at the age of 43.
Discography
2006: EP Cheekbone Hollows, Gypsy Eyes Records
References
http://www.thestoolpigeon.com/interviews/childballade.html
https://pitchfork.com/reviews/albums/12037-cheekbone-hollows/
https://www.discogs.com/artist/2168610-The-Child-Ballads
https://www.allmusic.com/artist/the-childballads-mn0000990415/biography
External links
band myspace
Stewart Lupton live dc sessions the brightest young things
Indie rock musical groups from New York (state)
Musical groups from New York City
Steven of Wick (Transport Company established 1920) known as D. Steven & Son are a company that mainly transports seafood is a Scottish company originally from the town of Wick in the far North of Scotland. They have become successful, starting with a horse and cart in Wick, to modern days articulated lorries transporting goods from Caithness to Europe.
History
The company began in 1920 in the town of Wick in the north of Scotland. They began with a horse and cart at Wick harbour where the still have a depot today. The town where the originated, Wick, was once the biggest fishing port in the world. Surprisingly Steven of Wick did not start in the fish business. They started in the farming business.
Competition with Hendry of Wick
Steven of Wick were at competition with other Wick contractors Hendry of Wick. They were both two of Scotland's oldest hauliers to date. Hendry of Wick also had their depot at the Wick harbour. Hendry of Wick and Steven of Wick were both useful and successful companies that brought on the competition that went on for decades.
Buyout of Hendry of Wick
In the 1990s Steven of Wick bought out Hendry Of Wick adding to their fleet.
Present day
Steven of Wick are mostly known to many as D. Steven & Son. They now have four depots; their smallest one is actually in Wick. Their biggest one is Scrabster about 45 minutes from Wick, and also one in Glasgow and Aberdeen. D. Steven & Son now transport good around the UK and Europe. D. Steven & Sons' fleet consists of nearly 40 HGVs. In 2003, they were named Scottish European Haulier of the year and, in 2012, Scotland's Top Trailer fleet.
References
External links
Official website
Transport companies of Scotland
1920 establishments in Scotland
Companies based in Highland (council area)
Active was a wooden ketch that was wrecked on 19 January 1898 on the Oyster Bank at the entrance of Newcastle Harbour, New South Wales, Australia, near the previously wrecked schooner Colonist while carrying a cargo of ironbark to Morpeth, New South Wales, under the command of Captain P. Williams. There were no casualties but the ship was lost. The wreck has not been located, but the approximate co-ordinates of the shipwreck are .
References
Further reading
Online databases
Australian National Shipwreck Database
Australian Shipping - Arrivals and Departures 1788-1968 including shipwrecks
Encyclopaedia of Australian Shipwrecks - New South Wales Shipwrecks
Books
Wrecks on the New South Wales Coast. By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995 Oceans Enterprises. 1993 .
Australian Shipwrecks - Vol.1 1622-1850, Charles Bateson, AH and AW Reed, Sydney, 1972, , Call number 910.4530994 BAT
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 2 1851–1871 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Sydney. Reed, 1980 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 3 1871–1900 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Geelong Vic: List Publishing, 1982 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 4 1901–1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1987 910.4530994 LON
Australian shipwrecks Vol. 5 Update 1986 By Loney, J. K. (Jack Kenneth), 1925–1995. Portarlington Vic. Marine History Publications, 1991 910.4530994 LON
Shipwrecks of the Hunter Region
Ships built in New South Wales
1877 ships
Maritime incidents in 1898
1871–1900 ships of Australia
Merchant ships of Australia
History of Newcastle, New South Wales
Syzygium cormiflorum, commonly known as the bumpy satinash, is a species of Syzygium tree endemic to Queensland in northeastern Australia.
Description
Syzygium cormiflorum can grow as a tall rainforest tree to in height with a trunk diameter at breast height (dbh). Trees with flowers on branches grow larger than those with flowers on the trunk. The trunk in the latter form has a pronounced bumpy texture. Large specimens can have buttressed trunks. The bark is fibrous and flakey. The leaves range from in length by wide. The flowers appear on the trunk or larger branches over most months of the year except December and January, but peak over July to September. These are followed by white or cream fruit which are in diameter.
Taxonomy
Victorian colonial botanist Ferdinand von Mueller described the bumpy satinash as Eugenia cormiflora in 1865, from a collection by John Dallachy at Dalrymple's Gap near Rockingham Bay in Queensland. It was transferred to the genus Syzygium in a revision of the genus in 1983. Eugenia hislopii, named by Frederick Manson Bailey in 1913, is a synonym. Common names include white apple, wild apple, watergum, Cairns satinash, and bumpy satinash.
Distribution and habitat
The range is from Townsville to the Iron Range from sea level to altitudes of , with cauliflorous forms more common at higher elevations and ramiflorous at lower elevations. It is found in rainforest.
Ecology
The fruit is not particularly palatable to humans. The southern cassowary eats the fruit and flowers. The odoriferous black ant (Anonychomyrma gilberti) makes extensive tunnels in the cauliflorous form, particularly at the bumps where flowers grow.
Cultivation
Syzygium cormiflorum is rarely grown in gardens. Generally propagated from seed, it can take 8 to 12 years to flower. It can be grown in subtropical climates.
References
cormiflorum
Trees of Australia
Ornamental trees
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1865
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
"Honey" is a song by American electronic musician Moby. It was released as the lead single from their fifth studio album Play on August 24, 1998. The song samples the 1960 recording "Sometimes" by American blues singer Bessie Jones. Moby first heard "Sometimes" on a box set collection of folk music compiled by Alan Lomax, and subsequently composed "Honey" around vocal samples from the Jones song.
"Honey" was well received by music critics, many of whom cited it as a highlight of Play in reviews of the album. Upon release as a single, "Honey" charted in several countries in Europe, despite receiving little airplay on European radio. The song's music video, directed by Roman Coppola, depicts three clones of Moby venturing through various locations. "Honey" was later remixed with additional vocals from American R&B singer Kelis.
Background and composition
Moby composed "Honey" for their fifth studio album Play (1999) after listening to Sounds of the South, a 1993 box set of folk music recordings compiled by field collector Alan Lomax. Inspired by the a cappella songs in particular, Moby wrote "Honey" in "about 10 minutes." Tracks from the box set would also be used as the basis for the Play songs "Find My Baby" and "Natural Blues". After producing "Honey", Moby commissioned Mario Caldato Jr. to mix the song. Moby was surprised by Caldato's willingness to offer their assistance, given that Caldato had just worked on the album Hello Nasty by hip hop group Beastie Boys, which "was doing incredibly well", while in contrast Moby's recent music had been met with critical and commercial indifference.
"Honey" is built around a repeated sample of four lines from the 1960 song "Sometimes" by American blues singer Bessie Jones, which was included on Sounds of the South; Jones and Lomax receive co-writing credits on "Honey". In each line, Jones sings a variation on the refrain "...my honey come back", and a choir responds "sometime". Moby has said that the sampled lyrics convey "female sex". The vocal samples on "Honey" are juxtaposed with what AllMusic critic John Bush describes as a "breakbeat techno" musical backing. The song features a piano-driven beat and additional instrumentation performed by Moby himself, including original slide guitar parts. Other elements incorporated into the music include hand claps sampled from "Sometimes", record scratches, and synthesized strings.
Release
"Honey" was released as the lead single from Play on August 24, 1998, in Europe, nine months prior to the release of the album. Numerous remixes of the song were produced for its single release by different artists, including Aphrodite, WestBam, Faithless members Rollo Armstrong and Sister Bliss, and Moby himself. Instead of choosing specific ones to include on the single, Moby and their label Mute Records opted to commercially release all of the remixes that had been produced. Moby recalled that European radio stations were hesitant to play "Honey" because "they said it was an instrumental dance track", a categorization that they disputed: "I listen to it and all I hear is singing. Are they talking about the same song?"
Despite minimal radio airplay, "Honey" managed to chart in several European countries. It debuted and peaked at number 33 on the UK Singles Chart. The single also managed chart placings in Austria (at number 30), Germany (at number 77), and the Netherlands (at number 94). Outside Europe, "Honey" charted at number 95 in Australia, while in the United States, where it was issued by V2 Records as a double A-side release with "Run On", it reached number 49 on Billboard magazine's Dance/Electronic Singles Sales chart.
Moby later collaborated with American R&B singer Kelis on a remix of "Honey", on which they provided additional vocals. Additional production and remixing were done for the new version by Fafu. The remix was released as a double A-side single with "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" on October 16, 2000, and peaked at number 17 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also issued by Festival Mushroom Records as a double A-side single with "Porcelain" in Australia and New Zealand, charting at number 56 in the former.
Critical reception
In their 2002 book I Hear America Singing: An Introduction to Popular Music, David Kastin noted that "Honey" was often singled out in reviews of Play for special praise. Jim Sullivan of The Boston Globe cited "Honey" as a highlight of Play, while Gene Stout of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer deemed it "one of the album's most riveting tracks." Reviews in NME described the song as "a sparkling diamond" and a "natural born dancefloor groove". The Guardians Dominic Wills praised "Honey" as "joyous, hypnotic, romping blues". Writing for The Village Voice, Frank Owen called it "a mesmerizing floor-filler, arousing memories of Hamilton Bohannon's hypnotic '70s metronome funk." MTV reviewer Alexandra Marshall applauded Moby for avoiding "cloying pity" in their sampling of older recordings, and "not trying cutely to juxtapose a 'naïve' form with a sophisticated one". At the end of 1999, "Honey" was named the year's tenth best single by Spin, and it was voted by critics as the year's 24th best single in The Village Voices Pazz & Jop poll.
Music video
The music video for "Honey" was directed by Roman Coppola. It opens with a wooden box falling to the ground. Three clones of Moby, all wearing suits, emerge from the box and make their way to a city. One clone spots a luxury car and walks toward it, but accidentally drops a map in their possession. Crawling underneath the car to retrieve the map, they find themselves in a woman's apartment room. They manage to obtain the map and exit the room before the woman discovers their presence. They enter another room, followed by their fellow clones, and jumps out the window.
Two of the clones are then seen in a forest. One walks behind a tree and reappears dressed in casual attire, then climbs up another tree and ends up in the bathroom of the woman's apartment, where they clandestinely retrieve a package. They crawl beneath their bed and finds themselves underneath a car. They crawl out and retrieves a gasoline can from the package, which they pour into the fuel filler of the car (which is located behind its license plate). All three clones enter the car and drive to the box. They step back into the box, which then explodes.
Track listing
Original version
CD single (CDMute218)
"Honey" – 3:18
"Micronesia" – 4:18
"Memory Gospel" – 6:42
12-inch single (12MUTE218)
"Honey" (Rollo & Sister Bliss remix) – 7:06
"Honey" (Sharam Jey's Sweet Honey mix) – 5:48
"Honey" (Low Side mix) – 5:52
CD single – remixes (LCDMute218)
"Honey" (Rollo & Sister Bliss Blunt edit) – 4:02
"Honey" (Moby's 118 mix; radio edit) – 3:16
"Honey" (WestBam & Hardy Hard mix) – 6:19
"Honey" (Aphrodite & Mickey Finn remix) – 6:21
12-inch single – remixes (L12MUTE218)
"Honey" (Risk mix) – 5:59
"Honey" (Dark mix) – 4:43
"Honey" (WestBam & Hardy Hard mix) – 6:19
"Honey" (118 mix) – 3:16
"Honey" (Aphrodite & Mickey Finn mix) – 6:21
"Honey" (RJ's mix) – 6:12
"Honey" (original mix) – 3:14
"Honey" (Bammer's mix) – 6:20
"Honey" / "Run On" CD single (63881-27583-2)
"Honey" (album mix) – 3:27
"Honey" (Moby's 118 mix) – 4:48
"Honey" (Sharam Jey's Sweet Honey mix) – 6:41
"Honey" (Aphrodite & Mickey Finn mix) – 6:21
"Run On" (extended) – 4:25
"Run On" (Moby's Young & Funky mix) – 6:03
"Run On" (Sharam Jey's Always on the Run remix) – 5:59
"Memory Gospel" – 6:42
"Honey" / "Run On" 12-inch single (63881-27582-1)
"Run On" (Moby's Young & Funky mix) – 6:03
"Run On" (Dani König remix) – 10:04
"Honey" (album mix) – 3:27
"Run On" (Sharam Jey's Always on the Run remix) – 5:59
Remix
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" / "Honey" CD single (CDMute255)
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" – 3:45
"Honey" (remix edit; featuring Kelis) – 3:13
"Flower" – 3:25
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" / "Honey" CD single – remixes (LCDMute255)
"Honey" (Fafu's 12" mix; featuring Kelis) – 6:19
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" (Red Jerry's String & Breaks mix) – 5:59
"The Sun Never Stops Setting" – 4:19
"Honey" / "Porcelain" CD single (MUSH019852)
"Honey" (remix edit; featuring Kelis) – 3:13
"Porcelain" (album mix) – 4:01
"Honey" (Fafu's 12" mix; featuring Kelis) – 6:19
"Porcelain" (Clubbed to Death variation by Rob Dougan) – 6:36
"Honey" (Moby's 118 mix) – 4:48
Charts
Original version
Remix
With "Porcelain"
With "Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?"
References
Bibliography
External links
1998 songs
1998 singles
Moby songs
Songs written by Moby
Song recordings produced by Moby
Mute Records singles
V2 Records singles
Music videos directed by Roman Coppola
Kelis songs
This is a list of all venues which have hosted at least one Big Bash League match.
Primary venues
Secondary venues
Former venues
References
Venues
Venues
Cricket grounds in Australia
Cricket grounds by competition
Lists of cricket grounds
Santa Ana is a district and head city of the Santa Ana canton, in the San José province of Costa Rica. The city acts as seat to the municipal government of the Santa Ana Canton.
Geography
Santa Ana has an area of km² and an elevation of metres.
Demographics
For the 2011 census, Santa Ana had a population of inhabitants.
The population accounts for approximately 20% of the canton's population. It is currently the second most populous district in the Santa Ana Canton after the district of Pozos.
Male: 5,563
Female: 6,212
Male to Female Ratio: 1:1.12
Economy
The city of Santa Ana still maintains its traditional feel of a typical Costa Rican town with its small stores, bars, restaurants offering local and international cuisine and Sunday fresh fruit and vegetable markets. Nonetheless, Santa Ana has been recently experiencing real estate and commercial development unprecedented in the entire Central Valley. It has become the place of choice with upscale grocery stores, gourmet restaurants, banks, gas stations, medical and dental clinics, beauty salons, coffee houses, hotels, private schools, and small commercial centers springing up everywhere. The city itself is within a few minutes of the surging business locale of Lindora, in the Pozos district, adding to the availability of commercial, lodging and residential areas.
Transportation
National routes in the district or nearby include:
National Route 27: Connecting San José and Caldera, Puntarenas, passes within a mile of the city of Santa Ana. This has recently allowed faster travel to the Pacific coast, an average of 45 minutes from Santa Ana. The capital city of San Jose is also within 15–20 minutes thanks to this route. Although no distinction is legally made between freeways and tollways, Route 27 qualifies as the latter. The first two ramps (underpasses) in the San Jose-Caldera (West) direction service the Santa Ana district, the second being Route 147. These ramps have no exit tolls.
National Route 121: Runs through the Santa Ana district overlapping most of 5th St and 3rd Ave. It connects the county with neighboring Escazu (East) and Mora (West). It is considered the main alternative to Route 27. Nevertheless, it does not have the same vehicle capacity due to its single-lane and curving layout.
National Route 147: Connects the Santa Ana district with the neighboring cantons of San Rafael, Alajuela and Belen, Heredia. However, due to the growing enterprises and commercial sector in Lindora, Route 147 faces daily congestion.
National Route 310: Begins in the Santa Ana district and continues through Pozos northwards, parallel to Route 147. It runs through Route 27 without any official ramps connecting them. Since Route 310 runs through Pozos, connecting to Escazu, it is still an alternate route to Route 27. It is not recommended unless the previous routes are heavily congested. Route 310 ends in Route 121 in the Escazu canton after once more passing through Route 27 (with connecting ramps) due to its southwards facing U-shape.
National Route 311: Connects the district with the Salitral district to the south. The route ends in the town of Salitral.
Public transportation
Bus routes in Santa Ana are yet to be officially named and numbered. Buses serving the Santa Ana-Escazu-San Jose routes are currently identified by their blue color scheme. The route is currently managed by CILT. Buses serving the Santa Ana-Belen route follow a predominantly white with violet stripes scheme. The route each bus takes is indicated on the windshield without following any defined standards; passengers may ask the bus driver for clarification if needed. Fees for each route are set by the national authority- they cannot be modified and must be indicated and paid upon entry. There are discount plans available for 'Golden Citizens' (elderly residents) upon request at the local government offices exclusive to the Santa Ana-Escazu-San Jose bus services.
Santa Ana's authorized taxi service is officially located on Main St (Calle Central), in front of the church as well as further north (between Central & 5th Ave). Official taxi services follow the national standards: Red-colored with yellow triangles on the side indicating their permit number; licence plates begin with TSJ (Taxi San Jose). Taxi services with official plates from other provinces (TH, TP, etc.) are not permitted to begin their service in San Jose and vice versa. They can, nonetheless, begin their service within their permitted province and finish it elsewhere. Since Santa Ana is located in the Province of San Jose, said limitations apply to non-TSJ plate wielders except Airport Shuttles and Taxis which operate freely in all provinces but are only available if called or at the airport.
Culture and education
The Santa Ana district's public education is served by the Andres Bello primary (elementary) school. The secondary education cycle (middle & high school) is offered by the Liceo de Santa Ana located in the neighboring district of Uruca.
Santa Ana hosts the United World College of Costa Rica which offers the IB program for international students.
The new Municipal Building of Culture houses the Municipal School of Integrated Arts (locally known as the EMAI for its Spanish acronym) which excels in its music program. It also features an art gallery, an auditorium, multipurpose rooms, municipal office spaces and a variety of murals adorning its contemporary facade.
Sports
Golfers in Santa Ana have access to the Parque Valle del Sol golf course located in Lindora, Santa Ana. It is the first and the only professional golf course in Costa Rica open to the public in the Central Valley. The 18-hole championship golf course was designed by Tracy May in 1994 to be challenging and fair under most conditions and downright tough when the strong winds come down from the surrounding mountains. Due to its diverse layout, golfers are required to use all of the clubs in their bag throughout the game.
The Santa Ana district has two municipal soccer fields and a municipal gymnasium. Public courts used mostly for basketball are adjacent to the main soccer field which faces the church. The current state of the roads and sidewalks make urban cycling and jogging slightly more risky than in other communities. There is an ongoing effort from the local government authorities to increase parks & recreation, an undeveloped aspect of Santa Ana's urban landscape.
Santa Ana's is home to premier Mixed Martial Arts and Personal Training studios like MMA Costa Rica and Fight & Fitness.
References
External links
Municipality of Santa Ana, In Spanish
Districts of San José Province
Populated places in San José Province
Odette Myrtil (born Odette Laure Clotilde Quignarde; June 28, 1898 – November 18, 1978) was a French-born American actor, singer, and violinist. They began their career as a violinist on the vaudeville stage in Paris at the age of 14. They expanded into acting and singing, and had their first major success at the age of 18 on the London stage in the 1916 musical revue The Bing Boys Are Here. They were a staple in Broadway productions from 1924 to 1932, after which they returned only periodically to Broadway through 1960. They also appeared on the stages of Chicago, London, Los Angeles, and Paris several times during their career.
From 1923 to 1972, Myrtil appeared as an actor in a total of 28 feature films; most of which were made from the mid-1930s through the mid-1950s. Not a leading lady on camera, they specialized in character roles and was often used for their gifts as a singer. They made only one television appearance during their career: in the Studio One in Hollywood 1953 episode "The Paris Feeling". They worked as a costume designer for nine motion pictures from 1944 to 1950.
Life and career
Odette Myrtil was born Odette Laure Clotilde Quignarde, although some sources cite Belza as their surname at birth, in Paris, the daughter of two stage actors. They studied the violin at a boarding school in Brussels and began performing the violin professionally at the age of 13.
In 1915, aged 16, they came to the United States to join the Ziegfeld Follies on Broadway as one of the Ziegfeld Girls.
The following year they came to London where they were a major success in the West End show The Bing Boys Are Here. They spent the next several years appearing successfully on the London stage and in vaudeville productions in major European cities.
In 1923, they returned to New York City as a vaudeville entertainer at the Palace Theatre where they had their first major success in America. They became a staple of the theatre scene in New York City into the early 1930s, often appearing in Broadway musicals which featured their abilities as both a singer and violinist. They had a particular triumph as Odette in Jerome Kern's 1931 musical The Cat and the Fiddle, which was written specifically as a vehicle for them Thereafter they only made a handful of appearances on Broadway, with their last show being the original production of Harold Arlen and Johnny Mercer's Saratoga in 1960.
They spent several years in the early 1950s portraying Bloody Mary in the original run of Rodgers and Hammerstein's South Pacific, having succeeded Juanita Hall in the role.
After 1935, their career shifted towards film, although they never left their stage roots. They had a fairly prolific career as a film actor, appearing in mainly mid-sized roles in a total of 25 films from 1936 to 1952. Previously, they only appeared as a dancer in the 1923 film Squibs M.P. Them first speaking role was as Renée De Penable in Dodsworth (1936).
Some of their other film credits are Kitty Foyle (1940), Out of the Fog (1941), I Married an Angel (1942), Yankee Doodle Dandy (1942), The Palm Beach Story (1942), Uncertain Glory (1944), Devotion (1946), The Fighting Kentuckian (1949), and as Madame Darville in Alfred Hitchcock's Strangers on a Train (1951). They sang the title song on camera as themselves in the 1954 film The Last Time I Saw Paris (1954) and again portrayed themselves in their last film appearance in the film Hot Pants Holiday (1972).
Post-acting career
Myrtil resided in New Hope, Pennsylvania during most of their later life. From 1955 to 1958 they managed The Playhouse Inn, located next door to the Bucks County Playhouse. From 1961 to 1976 they operated the New Hope restaurant Chez Odette, which later became Odette's Restaurant, a different restaurant under newer ownership.
During their life, Myrtil was married twice: for eight years to vaudeville performer Robert Adams and later to film director and producer Stanley Logan. They died in nearby Doylestown, Pennsylvania in 1978, aged 80.
Filmography
References
External links
1898 births
1978 deaths
American film actores
American musical theatre actores
American violinists
Actresses from Paris
French emigrants to the United States
Musicians from Paris
20th-century American actores
20th-century American musicians
20th-century violinists
20th-century French musicians
Women violinists
People from New Hope, Pennsylvania
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American singers
20th-century French women
The Mazkeret Batya Silverbacks are an amateur American football team based in Mazkeret Batya, Israel. The Silverbacks compete in the Israel Football League (IFL).
History
The Silverbacks first played during the 2012–2013 season as the Rehovot Silverbacks. They did not win a single game during their first two seasons and in 2014 they moved to Mazkeret Batya, which is located just five kilometers southeast of Rehovot. They achieved their first ever win in December 2014, when they defeated the Jerusalem Kings.
The Silverbacks reached the playoffs for the first time in 2018 despite only finishing 2-8.
Sponsor
The Silverbacks are sponsored by Rose Valley CrossFit in Ness Ziona, Israel.
References
American football teams in Israel
American football teams established in 2012
2012 establishments in Israel
Ice cream cake is a cake made with ice cream.
Ice cream cake may also refer to:
Ice Cream Cake (EP), debut EP by South Korean band Red Velvet
Ice Cream Cake (song), a song by South Korean band Red Velvet
Ice Cream and Cake, a song by the Buckwheat Boyz
Radical 82 or radical fur () meaning "fur" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 211 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 82nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
The character is a Chinese family name, and often refers to the Chinese leader Mao Zedong.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6BDB
082
082
The Olema Valley Dairy Ranches Historic District is one of six Point Reyes sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2018. It is a historic district which was listed on April 9, 2018.
The district includes 19 of the working ranches in the area from Point Reyes Station to Bolinas and includes more than 14,000 acres.
According to D.S. Livingston in 1995, "Despite its status as a National Recreation Area, virtually all of the Olema Valley retains its historic rural ranching character. The former dairy ranches, many with pioneer structures intact, continue to thrive under the flight attendantship of families who have been here for generations."
See also
Point Reyes Peninsula Dairy Ranches Historic District
References
Ranches in California
National Register of Historic Places in Marin County, California
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Midras uncleanness () is one of the forms of ritual impurity in Judaism which can be transmitted by either an object or person. The term may be translated as pressure uncleanness.
A midras (lit. "trampled on" object) is an object that can be a carrier of ritual impurity. Common objects that could potentially become unclean, and become a such midras object, include a chair, sofa, mattress, and rug. A person who becomes unclean is categorized as a "father of uncleanliness".
Hebrew Bible
The general concept of a midras, an object becoming a carrier for uncleanliness, is brought in the book of Leviticus, though the following verse does not employ the Hebrew term midras;
Becoming unclean
According to Maimonides on Zavim 4:4, the midras object becomes unclean by a person who is a "father of uncleanliness" (such as a man with a seminal emission or a woman in the middle of menstruation) putting most of their body weight in one (or more) of five ways on the midras;
sitting on the midras like a chair
lying on the midras like a rug
leaning on the midras
standing on the midras like a mat
hanging from the midras
Transmitting uncleanliness
Once the midras becomes unclean, it transmits uncleanliness to clean persons or objects by one of seven ways;
by touching the midras
by carrying the midras
by sitting on the midras
by lying on the midras
by leaning on the midras
by standing on the midras
by hanging from the midras
The person or object who becomes unclean via the midras is categorized as a Rishon L'Tumah.
Purification
The purification of the midras object is accomplished by immersing the object in a mikveh bath (before sunset), and the subsequent elapse of sunset.
Disqualified objects
Objects that are not subject to becoming unclean as midras include;
Unformed plates of terracotta,
Any object or vessel of stone,
Fabric or vessels made from fish (or any sea-life)
Objects or vessels affixed to the ground
References
Jewish ritual purity law
Hebrew words and phrases in Jewish law
Heracleum sosnowskyi, or Sosnowsky's hogweed, is a monocarpic perennial herbaceous flowering plant in the carrot family Apiaceae. Its native range includes the central and eastern Caucasus regions of Eurasia and extends into the southern Caucasus region called Transcaucasia. The native ranges of Heracleum sosnowskyi and Heracleum mantegazzianum, a close relative, overlap in the Caucasus region. Sosnowsky's hogweed is now a common weed in the Baltic States, Belarus, Russia, Ukraine, and Poland.
Early botanists considered H. sosnowskyi to be a subspecies of H. mantegazzianum. Sosnowski's hogweed was described as a separate species by Ida P. Mandenova in 1944. The species is named in honor of the Russian botanist Dmitrii Ivanovich Sosnowsky (1885–1952), who found the species in Georgia in 1936.
Description
Heracleum sosnowskyi is 3–5 m in height, with a straight, firm stem that can reach a diameter of 12 cm. The leaves are 50–60 cm long. The root is very firm, up to 30 cm diameter. The inflorescence is a big umbel found at the end of every stem. It blooms during July through September and produces thousands of seeds. They are easily distributed by the wind, but especially by the water.
Sosnowsky's hogweed is a monocarpic perennial, that is, after a mature plant flowers and produces seed, the entire plant including the root will die.
Invasiveness status
In Europe, Sosnowsky's hogweed is included since 2016 in the list of Invasive Alien Species of Union concern (the Union list). This implies that this species cannot be imported, cultivated, transported, commercialized, planted, or intentionally released into the environment in the whole of the European Union.
Public health and safety
All parts of H. sosnowskyi contain phototoxic furanocoumarins. It is dangerous for humans because even small drops of plant's juice cause skin photosensitivity and burns. The plant is less dangerous for animals that have thick hair to protect them from the sun.
Control measures
The plant was common only in the Caucasus area, until it started to be used as a silage plant in other parts of the Soviet Union. As a result, it quickly spread in many areas of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine. It is now a highly invasive plant in the Baltic States, Russia, Poland, and Belarus. Many river valleys and roadsides are occupied by large stands of this weed. It is difficult to eradicate because the seeds remain viable for many years and the roots are difficult to remove. Herbicides are widely used in a fight against it, but the plant can later resprout from the roots.
The plant is also used as a shield-hedge along the roads, preventing farm animals from escaping and wild animals from getting in.
The decision to use the plant for silage was made in 1947, under Stalin's rule, so when the species later proved to be highly invasive and difficult to remove, people started to call it "Stalin's revenge".
See also
Heracleum, the genus
Other tall invasive Heracleum species: Heracleum mantegazzianum and Heracleum persicum
Non-invasive Heracleum species: Heracleum sphondylium and Heracleum maximum
Species that can be mistaken for Heracleum sosnowskyi: wild parsnip, garden angelica, wild angelica
References
External links
Apioideae
Plants described in 1970
Ivy Paul "Poison" Andrews (May 6, 1907 – November 24, 1970) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher with the New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox, St. Louis Browns and the Cleveland Indians between 1931 and 1938. Andrews batted and threw right-handed. They were born in Dora, Alabama.
Andrews was bothered by arm ailments much of their career. They spent eight seasons in the American League with the Yankees, Red Sox, Browns and Indians, being used as both a starter and long reliever. Their most productive season came in 1935 for the seventh-place Browns, when they had a 13–7 record and a 3.54 ERA (eighth in the league). In a second stint for the Yankees, they pitched innings of relief in Game Four of the 1937 World Series.
In 249 appearances (108 as a starter), Andrew posted a 50–59 record with 257 strikeouts and a 4.14 ERA in 1041 innings.
Andrews returned to Alabama in 1945 to become the Birmingham Barons' first pitching coach. They managed the team briefly during the 1947 season, and retired from baseball a year later. Andrews died in Birmingham, Alabama, at the age of 63. They were inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in 1985.
In the latter part of their career, Andrews added a knuckleball and screwball to a pitch repertoire that consisted of a "blazing fastball", a curveball and a changeup.
References
External links
Baseball Almanac
Baseball Library
1907 births
1970 deaths
Albany Senators players
Baseball coaches from Alabama
Baseball players from Alabama
Birmingham Barons managers
Birmingham Barons players
Boston Red Sox players
Cleveland Indians players
Greenville Spinners players
Hollywood Stars players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Knoxville Smokies players
Knuckleball pitchers
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mobile Bears players
Montgomery Rebels players
Newark Bears (IL) players
New York Yankees players
Oakland Oaks (baseball) players
People from Walker County, Alabama
Reading Keystones players
St. Louis Browns players
Screwball pitchers
Selma Selmians players
Waterloo Hawks (baseball) players
Tom DeMaio is a former American football coach. They served as the head football coach at William Paterson University in Wayne Township, New Jersey, one year, 1988, compiling a record of 3–7.
Head coaching record
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
Indian calendar may refer to any of the calendars, used for civil and religious purposes in India and other parts of Southeast Asia:
The Indian national calendar (a variant of the Shalivahana calendar), the calendar officially used by the Government of India.
Hindu calendars
Vikram calendar
Jain calendar
Tamil calendar
Bengali calendar
Malayalam calendar
Assamese calendar
Maithili calendar
Meitei calendar
Odia calendar
Punjabi calendar
Nanakshahi calendar
Tripuri calendar
Tulu calendar
Willy Reiber (20 February 1895 – 27 November 1980) was a German film director, producer and set designer. For many years they worked for the forerunners of Bavaria Film at the Emelka Studios in Munich.
Selected filmography
The Drums of Asia (1921)
Monna Vanna (1922)
The Favourite of the Queen (1922)
Trutzi from Trutzberg (1922)
The Way to the Light (1923)
Maciste and the Chinese Chest (1923)
The Tragedy of a Night of Passion (1924)
Taras Bulba (1924)
Love of Life (1924)
The Lion of Venice (1924)
A Song from Days of Youth (1925)
Written in the Stars (1925)
Little Inge and Them Three Fathers (1926)
Storm Tide (1927)
Klettermaxe (1927)
Spy of Madame Pompadour (1928)
The Gambling Den of Montmartre (1928)
The Sun Rises (1934)
The Fire Devil (1940)
References
Bibliography
Giesen, Rolf. Nazi Propaganda Films: A History and Filmography. McFarland, 2003.
External links
1895 births
1980 deaths
Film people from Munich
Sammy Stewart (born 9 March 1969) is a Liberian boxer. They competed in the men's light flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1969 births
Living people
Liberian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Liberia
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Monrovia
Light-flyweight boxers
Mohamad Kasem (; born 3 October 1993) is a Syrian judoka.
They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the men's 73 kg, where they were eliminated by An Chang-rim in the second round.
References
1993 births
Living people
Syrian male judoka
Olympic judoka of Syria
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2018 Asian Games
Kurash practitioners at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Syria
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Silakhor () may also refer to:
Silakhor-e Olya, a village
Silakhor-e Sofla, a village
Silakhor District
Silakhor Plain
Silakhor Rural District
Timothy or Tim Barnes may refer to:
Timothy Barnes (classicist) (born 1942), British classicist
Timothy Barnes, 4th Baron Gorell (1927–2007), British business person
Tim Barnes (politician) (born 1958), member of the Tennessee Senate
Tim Barnes (American football) (born 1988), American football player
Tim Barnes (rugby league) (born 1961), Australian rugby league player
French v Auckland City Council [1974] 1 NZLR 340 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding land based nuisance claims in tort.
Background
French leased some land in Glendowie. Auckland City owned some of the neighbouring land.
Initially, both parties land were infested with weeds, until French started a weed eradication program, whilst the council did not.
As a result of the weeds on the council land, their seeds continually reinfested French's land.
Eventually, French sued the council for nuisance.
Held
The court awarded French $799.39 in damages for weed eradication.
References
High Court of New Zealand cases
New Zealand tort case law
1974 in New Zealand law
1974 in case law
History of Auckland
The Ku Klux Klan (KKK) arrived in the U.S. state of Oregon in the early 1920s, during the history of the second Klan, and it quickly spread throughout the state, aided by a mostly white, Protestant population as well as by racist and anti-immigrant sentiments which were already embedded in the region. The Klan succeeded in electing its members in local and state governments, which allowed it to pass legislation that furthered its agenda. Ultimately, the struggles and decline of the Klan in Oregon coincided with the struggles and decline of the Klan in other states, and its activity faded in the 1930s.
Background
Racism in Oregon
Starting when it was still a territory, Oregon had several laws which prohibited both enslaved and free African Americans from living in the state. The first law, which was passed in 1843, outlawed slavery with the exception of slavery which was part of a sentence for a crime. It was amended in 1844 so a limit could be set on how much time slave owners had to move their slaves out of the state before the state would free them. However, free Blacks were also not allowed to remain in the state, the punishment for staying in the state was a lashing, but this provision was repealed before it was ever enforced. A second law which barred African Americans from migrating into Oregon was passed in 1848, but it allowed those African Americans who were already residing in the state to stay; this law was overturned in 1854. When Oregon was admitted into the Union in 1859, its constitution contained an exclusionary law which prohibited Blacks from living in the state, owning property, or entering into contracts. The passage of the 14th Amendment effectively overrode this law, but it was not officially repealed until 1926.
Operations
Ku Klux Klan's Expansion into Oregon
With similar views of racism, white supremacy and anti-Catholic, anti-Semitic, and anti-immigrant stances, it was easy for the Klan to move into Oregon. The first member of the Ku Klux Klan was sworn in by Major Luther I. Powell in 1921 in Medford. During the same time, other members of the Klan were at work searching for new recruits across the state to add to their numbers and organize local chapters and klaverns.
Eugene
Early recruitment in Eugene was led by Powell, with help from local members and other associates of Powell, who would speak to the public alongside showings of the D. W. Griffith film The Birth of a Nation. In tandem with a religious revival in the area, they appealed to residents' concern for keeping foreign influences out as well as their desires for patriotism and morality. There were already over 80 members when a local newspaper wrote about the Klan arriving in town, and shortly thereafter the group would be formally organized under Exalted Cyclops Frederick S. Dunn, who was employed at the University of Oregon as department head of Latin studies. Members of Eugene Klan No. 3 quickly became involved in local politics, voicing not only moral stances against alcohol and prostitution, but anti-Catholic views as well, that resulted, directly and indirectly, in the ouster of several teachers and local leaders, which also coincided with the sudden resignation of Mayor Charles O. Peterson, Chief of Police Chris Christensen, and City Attorney Orla H. Foster. Additionally, many candidates endorsed by the Eugene Klan obtained local office in the fall of 1922. However, efforts to include the University of Oregon in their sphere of influence did not succeed, due to opposition from students, graduates, and faculty and administration, though this did not mean that there was no Klan presence on campus. The Klan was able to keep speakers and activities contrary to their values to a minimum; several members had business ties to campus life, a few were alumni, a few more faculty and students. Even the football graduate manager Jack Benefiel and coach, C. A. "Shy" Huntington were Klansmen. When the state legislature passed the Compulsory Education Act in 1922, the Klan's presence put Lane County among the 14 counties in the state where voters were in support of the measure. In March 1924, the Klan joined forces with the local post of the American Legion (which at the time was led by Klansman George Love) to oppose Peter Vasillevich Verigin announcing that they would send around 10,000 of their Doukhobor followers from British Columbia to settle in the Willamette Valley. Ultimately, after a rally against the Doukhobor in Junction City in August, not much else would be done due to the murder of Verigin and very few Doukhobors actually moving, and their eventual return to Canada. Other than the Doukhobor incident, one of the last notable activities of Eugene Klan No. 3 was June 27, 1924, at the Lane County Fairgrounds. They held a parade through downtown, with participants and spectators from all over Oregon and from various Klan-related organizations, joined also by the city band and another local organization's band. There were fireworks and a burning cross above them on Skinner Butte, and they gathered afterward at the fairgrounds for an initiation ceremony, lit by cross covered in red lights instead of fire. Eventually, after the resignation of Fred L. Gifford from their post as Grand Dragon, in addition to national issues within the Klan, Klan No. 3 died out in the 1930s, although the exact time is not clear.
Tillamook
In 1922-1925, the Ku Klux Klan saw unlikely growth in Tillamook County, on the Northern Oregon Coast. Soon after the rise of the Klan's presence in Portland, the Klan was established in Tillamook. The Klan found much success in Tillamook. The KKK also offered recognition of many native-born Protestants who were not previously accepted in their society. The KKK was originally drawn to Tillamook because of the lack of external opposition and threats. While no Klansmen were directly involved with local political occupations, becoming allies with the KKK was essential for any politician to succeed and get re-elected.
Portland
The Ku Klux Klan's development and growth across America was widely known as the "Middle-Class Movement". Initial growth in Portland, was fundamentally founded on this principle. The traditions of the middle class, as well as their populist beliefs, complimented the Black exclusion laws that existed in the mid-1800s. In addition, there were anti-Chinese and anti-Japanese sentiments present because of the populations of such groups in Portland and the surrounding areas. Portland was not fully made up of middle-class citizens, however, and its political activity was often anti-populist. The Klan had a very deep and complex presence in Portland, and no membership records exist of Klan members in the early 1900s. During the months of February and April 1922, over two thousand Klansmen participated in induction ceremonies; the specific number of Portland Klansmen is still unknown, but the state was estimated to contain more than 50,000 members. Members of the KKK in Portland came from a variety of backgrounds including doctors, lawyers, business people, clerks, and many other professions. Mount Tabor was home to many cross burnings.
The 1924 bidding process for the replacement of the Burnside Bridge ended with a suspicious winning bid; the public would later learn that the 1924 contract was given for $500,000 more than the lowest bid. Having moved the bridge location to profit by selling their land, three Multnomah County commissioners were recalled as a result of the scandal, and a new engineering company assumed control of the project. The KKK had backed the commissioners and enabled their system of kickbacks and grafts; the ensuing "rotten bridge scandal" removed much of their clout even by 1924.
Policies
Black Exclusion Laws
In the 1840s and '50s, residents of Oregon generally did not support slavery, however, they also did not want to live alongside African Americans. The first Black exclusion law was the result of the Organic Laws of Oregon, established in the Oregon Country in 1843 by the Provisional Government of Oregon. They included an article banning slavery in Oregon except for use as punishment, although the means of enforcement was left unclear. The Organic Laws were amended in 1844, reiterating the prohibition of slavery in Oregon, and forcing slave owners to remove slaves from the state. Once in effect, freed male slaves could not stay in Oregon for more than two years, and a female slave could not stay longer than three years. Any free African American who refused to leave would be subject to lashings and beatings. These punishments were prohibited in 1845.
The Oregon Territorial Legislature enacted the second Black exclusion law on September 21, 1849. This law specified that "it shall not be lawful for any negro or mulatto to enter into, or reside" in Oregon. This law targeted African American seamen who could be tempted to jump overboard and swim to the coast to escape. Lawmakers were concerned that Blacks would "intermix with Indians, instilling into their minds feelings of hostility toward the white race". The second exclusion act was later rescinded in 1854.
In 1857, the Oregon Constitution was ratified, and sections of Article XVIII went into effect. The article contained provisions for putting the questions of slavery and free Blacks to a vote of the people. The slavery amendment failed, but the exclusion law passed.
Notable figures
Walter M. Pierce
Walter M. Pierce was an Oregon politician from 1886 to 1942. During those years, they served in elected offices such as county recorder, state legislator, governor, and U.S. member of congress. Pierce was an active participant in social movements such as populism and progressivism. Eventually, Pierce was elected to the Oregon State Senate, placing them at the forefront of these social and political reforms. Their views on social reform mirrored those views which were held by members of the middle class, and at the time, the Klan's values mirrored the contradictory social and political values which were held by members of the middle class. Pierce was a supporter of radical populism and democratic populism, which led to their eventual support of and partnership with the Ku Klux Klan. After an unsuccessful run in 1918, Pierce was elected Governor of Oregon in 1922, while the political power of the Ku Klux Klan simultaneously emerged in Oregon. The Klan supported Pierce during their campaign for governor and was in close communication with Pierce as they were in office. After their retirement from political office in Oregon, Pierce would go on to be elected to Congress in 1932.
References
1920s establishments in Oregon
African-American history of Oregon
History of Oregon
Oregon
Bear Party is a 1951 picture book written and illustrated by William Pène du Bois. In order to stop fighting, koala bears throw a party. The book was a recipient of a 1952 Caldecott Honor for its illustrations.
References
1951 children's books
American picture books
Caldecott Honor-winning works
Ruth Sanderson (born 1951) is an American illustrator and writer of children's books.
Biography
Sanderson graduated from the Paier College of Art in Connecticut in 1974.  They are a member of the Society of Illustrators, the Society of Children's Book Writers and Illustrators, and the Western Massachusetts Illustrator's Guild.; and they are Co-Director of the low-residency MFA in Children's Book Writing and Illustrating and Certificate in Children's Book Illustration programs at Hollins University.
Works
Sanderson's earliest works were published in their mid-twenties: Grandma's Beach Surprise by Ilka List (G. P. Putnam's Sons) in 1975 and four including an edition of The Little Engine That Could in 1976. The latter was discussed at the time in terms of how the art reflected "the stereotypes of masculine strength and feminine weakness in vogue when it was written". They illustrated new editions of several young-adult novels in the Nancy Drew and Bobbsey Twins mystery series.
LC catalog credits Sanderson as a writer primarily for retelling fairy tales, along with some stories from the Bible or about Christmas or about saints. In the catalog their earliest works as a writer are two published in 1990, a retelling of "The Twelve Dancing Princesses" and an original fairy tale, The Enchanted Wood (Little, Brown, ).
Sanderson's illustrations have been described as evocative of the past but employing a "21st century approach to texture and brightness."
References
Citations
Shoulders, Debbie. "'Magic Pillow' values wisdom over riches." The Leaf-Chronicle (TN). 23 September 2008. P. 2D.
Stevens, Norman D. Tikvah: children's book creators reflect on human rights. Chronicle Books, 2001. .
External links
American women illustrators
Living people
1951 births
American children's book illustrators
21st-century American women
Like in other nations across the world, there are several far-right organizations and parties operating in Poland.
History and ideology
Past
An important element of Polish nationalism has been its identification with the Roman Catholic religion with its roots in the counter-reformation of the 17th century, and one that became established clearly in the interwar period. Although the old Commonwealth was religiously diverse and highly tolerant, the Roman Catholic religious element with messianic undertones (the Christ of Nations) became one of the defining characteristics of the modern Polish identity. Roman Dmowski, a Polish politician of that era, was vital in defining that concept, and has been called the "father of Polish nationalism." Dmowski was the leader of National Democracy. After their death, more radically inclined youth broke off and created the National Radical Camp.
Modern
Following the collapse of a communist system in the country, the far-right ideology became visible. The pan-Slavic and neopagan Polish National Union (PWN-PSN) political party at its peak was one of the larger groups active in the early 1990s, numbering then some 4,000 members and making international headlines for its anti-Semitism and anti-Catholicism. The National Revival of Poland being a marginal political party, under the leadership of Adam Gmurczyk, operates since the late 1980s. It is a member of European National Front and a co-founder of International Third Position. The organization Association for Tradition and Culture "Niklot" was founded in 1998 by Tomasz Szczepanski, a former NOP member, promoting Slavic supremacy and neopaganism. Since the mid-1990s, the ultra-Catholic Radio Maryja station has been on air with an anti-modernist, nationalist and xenophobic program. All-Polish Youth and National Radical Camp were "recreated" in 1989 and 1993, respectively becoming Poland's most prominent far-right organizations.
In 1995, the Anti-Defamation League estimated the number of far-right skinheads in Poland at 2,000, the fifth highest number after Germany, Hungary, the Czech Republic and the United States. Since the late 2000s, native White power skinhead, White supremacy and Neo-Nazi groups largely were absorbed into more casual and better organized "Autonomous Nationalists".
On the political level, the biggest victories achieved so far by the far-right were in the 2001, 2005, 2015, and 2019 elections. The League of Polish Families won 38 seats in 2001, and 34 in 2005. In 2015, entering parliament from the list of Kukiz'15, the far-right National Movement gained 5 seats out of Kukiz's 42. In April 2016 National Movement leadership decided to break-off with Kukiz's movement, but only one MP followed the party's instructions. The ones that decided to stay with Kukiz'15, together with few other Kukiz's MPs, formed parliamentary nationalist association called "National Democracy" (Endecja). In 2019, the Confederation had the best performance of any far-right coalition to date, earning 1,256,953 votes which was 6.81% of the total vote in an election that saw a historically high turnout. Together the coalition (although de jure a party) earned 11 seats, 5 for KORWiN, 5 for National Movement, and 1 for Confederation of the Polish Crown.
Members of far-right groups make up a significant portion of those taking part in the annual "Independence March" in central Warsaw, which started in 2009, to mark Independence Day. About 60,000 were in the 2017 march marking the 99th anniversary of independence, with placards such as "Clean Blood" seen on the march.
Examples of influence
Islamophobia
There have been reports of hate crimes targeting Muslim minority in Poland. Far-right and right-wing populist political parties and organizations fuel fear and hatred towards Islam and Muslims. Hate crimes such as arson and physical violence have occurred in Poland (despite having a Muslim population of only 0.1%, that is 30,000 out of 38 million). Politicians have also made racist and anti-Muslim comments when discussing European migrant crisis; in 2015, Jarosław Kaczyński claimed that Poland "can't" accept any refugees because "they could spread infectious diseases." In 2017, the First Deputy Minister of Justice Patryk Jaki stated that "stopping Islamization is theirs Westerplatte".
After the 2015 elections
In May 2016, despite criticism from human rights NGOs, opposition parties and left-wing organizations, of the appeasement of the far-right, the right-wing government of Law and Justice (PiS) disbanded governmental advisory and coordinating body that dealt with "racial discrimination, xenophobia and related to them, intolerance" (Rada ds. Przeciwdziałania Dyskryminacji Rasowej, Ksenofobii i związanej z nimi Nietolerancji), by claiming that its mission was "useless".
See also
Political parties in Poland
Politics of Poland
Confederation (political party)
References
Bibliography
Ronnie Ferguson, Luciano Cheles, Michalina Vaughan (eds.) The Far Right in Western and Eastern Europe, Longman (1995), .
David Ost, "The Radical Right in Poland", chapter 5 in: The Radical Right in Central and Eastern Europe Since 1989 (1999), .
Christina Schori Liang, Europe for the Europeans: The Foreign and Security Policy of the Populist, Ashgate Publishing (2007), .
External links
The Left Wing, the Far Right and the Kaczynskis Der Spiegel (2007)
Letter from Europe: Shaping the agenda of Poland's drift to the far right International Herald Tribune (2007)
Poland's populist government let far-right extremism explode into mainstream Vice News (2017)
Far-right politics in Europe
Poland
Jonas Geissler (born 5 June 1984) is a German politician for the CSU and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Geissler was born 1984 in the West German town of Isny and was elected directly to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1984 births
Christian Social Union in Bavaria politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Astra 1E is one of the Astra communications satellites in geostationary orbit owned and operated by SES. It was launched in October 1995 to the Astra 19.2°E orbital slot initially to provide digital television and radio for direct-to-home (DTH) across Europe.
Astra 1E was the first Astra satellite to be dedicated to digital television broadcasting and it carried many of the first digital television channels from networks broadcasting to France, Germany, and other European countries in the 1990s.
The satellite originally provided two broadcast beams, of horizontal and vertical polarisation, for Fixed Service Satellite (FSS) (10.70-10.95 GHz) and for Broadcast Satellite Service (BSS) (11.70-12.10 GHz) frequency bands. The FSS beams provide footprints that cover essentially the same area of Europe – northern, central and eastern Europe, including Spain and northern Italy – while the BSS horizontal beam excludes Spain and extends further east, and the BSS vertical beam includes Spain and more of southern Italy but does not extend so far east. Within the footprints, television signals are usually received with a 60–80 cm dish.
History
In October 2007, following the successful deployment of Astra 1L at 19.2° East, Astra 1E was moved to Astra's new DTH orbital position, 23.5° East where it provided capacity for the transmission of new services including the ASTRA2Connect two-way satellite broadband Internet service which provides high speed internet access and Voice over IP (VoIP) without landline connection at up to 2 Mbit/s download speeds and 128 kbit/s upload using four Ku-band transponders for both forward and return paths from the user's remote terminal.
In May 2010, Astra 3B was launched to the 23.5° East position, coming into service in June 2010, at which time the services using Astra 1E were transferred to the new craft. In August 2010, Astra 1E left the 23.5° East position moving westwards, to the Astra 5°E position to provide backup for Astra 4A pending the launch of Astra 4B to that position in 2011. At 5° East, Astra 1E carried very little television traffic. Following the launch of Astra 4B (renamed to SES-5) in February 2012, Astra 1E was moved to 108.2° East, in inclined orbit and with no traffic, and then to 31.5° East in Summer 2013. It returned to 23° East in February 2015
in June 2015, the satellite was retired and was moved into a graveyard orbit above the geostationary belt, moving 5.4° West per day.
See also
Astra 3B
Astra 4A
SES satellite operator
Astra satellite family
ASTRA2Connect Internet service previously carried
References
External links
SES guide to receiving Astra satellites
SES guide to channels broadcasting on Astra satellites
OnAstra - Official consumers/viewers' site
SES - Official trade/industry site
Astra 1E FSS Horizontal beam footprint on SatBeams
Astra 1E FSS Vertical beam footprint on SatBeams
Astra 1E BSS Horizontal beam footprint on SatBeams
Astra 1E BSS Vertical beam footprint on SatBeams
SES Broadband (was ASTRA2Connect) website
Astra satellites
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-601 bus
Satellite Internet access
Spacecraft launched in 1995
1995 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
Bookends is a commercial reference management software package for macOS that is used to manage bibliographies and references when writing essays and articles. Its target market is students, academics and professionals. It works with several word processors, including Microsoft Word, Apple Pages, Mellel, Nisus Writer Express, OpenOffice.org Writer, Scrivener (software) and others. Bookends are made by Sonny Software and maintained by its owner and developer Jon Ashwell. The current version is 13.
Bookends are able to carry out Internet searches in a number of websites such as PubMed and Google Scholar in order to retrieve references and corresponding PDF files or web pages, or to obtain references for articles in PDF format which were already retrieved. These search capabilities are also present in Reference Miner, a freeware scaled-down version of Bookends which lacks bibliographic management features.
There also exists a version of Apple's iOS that can either be used as a stand-alone reference manager or synchronized with the desktop version.
See also
Comparison of reference management software
References
External links
Bookends homepage
Review by the Society of Biblical Literature
Reference management software
Bibliography file formats
Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Ruda-Huta, north-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Stefan Edberg and Anders Järryd were the defending champions, but Järryd did not compete this year. Edberg teamed up with Henri Leconte and reached the quarterfinal round until were forced to withdraw.
Patrik Kühnen and Tore Meinecke won the title by defeating Magnus Gustafsson and Diego Nargiso 7–6, 7–6 in the final.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
External links
Official results archive (ATP)
Official results archive (ITF)
Doubles
Free!! was a Spanish mákina group composed of Alberto Tapia and Pedro Miras. They are known for being one of the most representative groups of the 90's Spanish "Mákina" phenomenon, at the time when this genre crossed over from dance clubs to the pop music arena. Popular songs by the group include "Doctor Beat", "This Groove", and "Kanashimi o Moyashite".
Discography
Singles
References
Spanish DJs
Musical groups established in 1994
Spanish dance music groups
Spanish electronic music groups
Spanish Eurodance groups
1994 establishments in Spain
Electronic dance music DJs
This article lists the described fly species of the family Asilidae. There are about 7100 described species worldwide in this family.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
Y
Z
References
Asilidae
is a railway station in Hatsukaichi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Maezora Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2000
Three Days as the Crow Flies is a novel by art impresario Danny Simmons. A "slice-of-life", all of the events of the book unfold within a three-day period. Published in 2004, Three Days as the Crow Flies gives the reader a glimpse of the 1980s art scene in downtown Manhattan.
Plot
The book opens with Crow Shade, the protagonist, showering and getting dressed for the day. Crow is an African-American who lives in an under-furnished room in a boarding house in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn. They have an expensive cocaine habit. Withdrawing from the cocaine and desperate for another high, Crow resolves to visit their friend Danny, an artist, and borrow one hundred dollars.
They arrive at Danny's apartment/studio only to find it empty. At that point, Crow impulsively decides to steal three of Danny's paintings and sell them for drug money. On their way out of the apartment, Crow also steals the manuscript that Danny has been working on so that they will have something to read on the train to Manhattan.
Crow eventually ends up in Astor Place and heads for the sculpture in the square. They make an unsuccessful attempt to sell the paintings before a white man named Bones Young strikes up a conversation. Bones, the son of a wealthy hippie, sells art. They offer to help Crow sell the paintings. After sharing a cigarette the two men head east to the Lower East Side.
When the men arrive in the Lower East Side, they meet up with Candy, an old friend of Bones and a follower of the art scene. The two take them to the art gallery, which had been converted from a bodega. There they meet Geoff, a married straight man who adopts an exaggerated effeminate posture. Geoff racially insults Crow, who pulls their wig off in front of everyone. Crow then tries to leave but Candy stops them and convinces them to stay. Geoff eventually apologizes and offers to host a showing of Crow's work. They also suggest that Crow come up with more paintings as the three they previously showed Geoff aren't enough for a whole shoe.
The group eventually end up at Club Chaos and meet up with Melissa. Melissa is a beautiful fifty-something mixed race woman. They get Crow to recite poetry with them After Crow leaves they read their tarot cards, immediately sensing that there is more to Crow's story than they were led to believe.
Later that night, Crow spends the night with Candy although they don't have sex. Early the next day, Melissa wakes the two by playing a flute underneath Candy's window. The three head to yet another club from there. Bones and Geoff show up and Bones, who has become jealous of the attention that Candy is showing to Crow, elbows Crow in the back of the head. The two men argue for a bit before Candy and Melissa lead Crow out of the club. The trio catches a cab to Melissa's house, a five-story townhouse. The three sleep for a few hours before Melissa wakes Crow up and asks them to paint more paintings for the showing that Geoff arranged for him. Although Crow momentarily worries that they will be found out, they go downstair in Melissa's studio and, drawing on the information that Danny has imparted to them previously, paints three pictures.
Melissa is impressed with them. They arrange to have a friend, Burt, drive them and the others to the gallery for the showing. When Burt shows up, they insult Crow, touching off another tense confrontation. Melissa defuses the situation by chanting an incantation that terrifies Burt. They demand that they turn over the keys to their car and she, Crow, Candy, and Bones, who had previously arrived, head to the gallery.
The show is a huge success. All of the paintings are sold and Crow makes six thousand dollars minus commission.  They are elated but begins to feel guilty about stealing Danny's art work and resolves to give Danny a cut of the money.
Candy, Bones, and Crow then accompany Geoff back to their home in suburban New Jersey (using Burt's car) to help them placate their angry wife. The four then ride back into the city and go to Melissa's house. After getting high again, Crow begins to tire of the non-stop party. Everyone except Bones agrees and they leave Melissa's house. Bones and Crow walk Candy part way home and Crow heads off to Brooklyn. Bones, who does not want to be alone, begs to go along with Crow. Crow reluctantly agrees and the two board the train. Bone falls asleep.
When the two men reach Brooklyn, Crow makes several unsuccessful attempts to wake Bones up. They then decides to leave without him, leaving a note under their arm. Deciding to put off going to Danny's house, Crow steps into the Palm Coast Bar, an after-hours spot and notorious drug den. The police raid the bar. Crow is able to throw their drugs on the floor before the police see them snorting up.  They are patted down by a police officer who doesn't find anything on them and leads them toward the door to release him. On the way out, they bump into Sergeant Dobson, an old friend of Crow's late police officer father.
Sergeant Dobson expresses sorrow that Crow is using drugs and tells Crow that their mother, who hasn't seen them since Crow's father's funeral, is worried about him. They also share that their own son died of a heroin overdose. They promise to let Crow go if they agree to go to rehab. Crow, who had already considered getting clean, agrees and accepts Sergeant Dobson's card. Dobson cuffs them and puts Crow into the cruiser (so that the others don't think Crow informed on anyone) and drop them off in front of their house. Crow then makes their way to Danny's house. They decide to tell the complete truth (as well as turn over Danny's share of the money) and ask for Danny's help in getting clean.
Bibliography
Simmons, Danny (2004). Three Days as the Crow Flies, Washington Square Press,
2004 novels
Novels set in Manhattan
Fiction set in the 1980s
Templeton v Jones [1984] 1 NZLR 448 is a cited case in New Zealand regarding defamation and free speech
References
Court of Appeal of New Zealand cases
Free speech case law
1984 in New Zealand law
1984 in case law
New Zealand tort case law
Kotidanga Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Kanabea
02. Ipaiyu
03. Manimango
04. Wemawa
05. Komako
06. Kwaiyu
07. Bu'u
08. Pio (Tainae language] speakers)
09. Ania (Tainae language] speakers)
10. Aminauwa
11. M'bauya
12. Ivandu
13. Hawakabia
14. Kamina
15. Tiawa
16. Paina
17. Meiwari
18. Kutumbaiwa
19. Kotidanga
20. Ipaea
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Kamarbon () may refer to:
Kamarbon, Amol
Kamarbon, Nur
"Blue Jeans" is a song by Australian band Skyhooks, released in August 1976 as the third and final single from the band's third studio album, Straight in a Gay Gay World. The song peaked at number 12 in Australia and at number three in New Zealand.
Details
Author Macainsh said, "Blue Jeans is more of what you'd call social comment. We used to do it when we first started. Ross Wilson has always tried to get it recorded, but we've never been real keen on the idea til we got stuck for a song on this album. We wanted a couple of laidback tunes to round it off rather than have an album of ravers and up stuff. So we tried it and it came out well."
Being an older song, Wilson's Doo Dah Music owned the publishing. Singer Shirley Strachan accused producer Wilson of wanting the song included for their own profit, asking him, "So why do you get so much money? You're not even in the band."
Track listing
7" single (K-6542)
Side A "Blue Jeans" - 2:30
Side B "Mumbo Jumbo" - 3:20
Charts
References
1976 singles
Mushroom Records singles
1976 songs
Songs written by Greg Macainsh
Skyhooks (band) songs
William Pinckney Mason (10 January 1843 – 16 December 1922) was a Lieutenant in the Confederate States Navy, ultimately serving as commander of several ironclad gunboats. Mason was a great-grandson of George Mason, author of the Virginia Bill of Rights, and their wife Ann Eilbeck.
Early life and education
Mason was born on 10 January 1843, in Alexandria and was the youngest child of a large family born to Dr. Richard Chichester Mason and their wife Lucy Bolling Randolph.
American Civil War
Mason resigned from the United States Navy as an acting midshipman on 19 April 1861. Mason enlisted in the Confederate States Navy where they became an acting midshipman on 11 June 1861 and served on the CSS United States. On 7 January 1864, Mason was promoted to master in line of promotion and was made 2nd Lieutenant on 2 June 1864. Mason later served as commander of the CSS Beaufort and CSS Virginia II.
Marriage and children
Mason married Elizabeth Ruthven McGill on 29 January 1873 and they had three children:
Wardlaw McGill Mason (1876–1936)
Lucius Randolph Mason (28 January 1886–23 November 1984)
Shirley Carter Mason Prescott (12 October 1891–21 March 1972)
Later life
After a brief illness, Mason died on 16 December 1922 at their residence in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 80. They were buried after 16 December 1923 at Rockville Union Cemetery.
Ancestry
References
1843 births
1922 deaths
American Episcopalians
American people of English descent
American planters
Confederate States Navy officers
Maryland Democrats
Mason family
Military personnel from Alexandria, Virginia
People from Rockville, Maryland
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
United States Navy officers
Virginia Democratic-Republicans
Virginia Democrats
The men's javelin throw event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Qualifications
22 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 31 athletes from 24 countries participated in the event.
References
Javelin throw
Javelin throw at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Blue Warehouse (Danish: Det Blå Pakhus), is an 18th-century warehouse located at Toldbodgade 36 on the Larsens Plads waterfront in Copenhagen, Denmark. Completed in 1783 to the design of Caspar Frederik Harsdorff, it was converted into dwellings in the late 1970s.
History
The warehouse was originally intended for Royal Greenland, a chartered company responsible for trade on Greenland, but prior to its completion it was ceded to the Baltic-Guinea Company which had just been founded. Designed by Caspar Frederik Harsdorff and built from 1781 to 1783, it was used for the storage of goods such as tobacco, sugar and cotton.
The Baltic-Guinea Company closed down after just five years. Later the warehouse came into use as a grain store.
The warehouse was listed in 1946. From 1978 to 1980 it was converted into condominiums by the architect Flemming Hertz (born 1936) and Ole Ramsgaard Thomsen (1937-2001).
Today
The name is a reference to its appearance when it had a blue mansard roof and blue shutters. Today the shutters are red while the roof is blue.
See also
Yellow Warehouse
References
Warehouses in Copenhagen
Listed warehouses in Denmark
Commercial buildings completed in 1783
Caspar Frederik Harsdorff buildings
Majdan Kukawiecki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ronald Richard Thomas (16 March 1929 – 19 December 2020) was a British Labour Party politician and Member of Parliament (MP) who represented Bristol North West from 1974 to 1979. They were also a councillor on Bristol City Council (from 1973 to 1976) and Avon County Council (from 1985 to 1993).
Early life
Born on 16 March 1929 in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, Thomas was educated at the University of Oxford. They were at Ruskin College for two years, and then Balliol, where they took a degree in Philosophy, Politics and Economics, receiving an MA. They became a Senior Lecturer in Economic and Industrial Studies at the University of Bristol, and edited the book An Exercise in Redeployment: The Report of a Trade Union Study Group, published in 1969.
Political career
Thomas was a member of Unite the Union (which their former union, the Association of Scientific, Technical and Managerial Staffs ASTMS, has since merged with). They were elected to Bristol City Council in 1973, representing the Hillfields ward (part of the Bristol North East constituency).
Thomas contested the marginal Bristol North West seat at the February 1974 general election, which had been called by Prime Minister Edward Heath. They lost by 650 votes, and the Conservative incumbent Martin McLaren held their seat with a lead of 1.2%. The outcome of the election was that Labour leader Harold Wilson became prime minister as leader of a minority Labour government; however, they called another election later that year in the hope of achieving a stable majority.
On their second attempt, Thomas gained the seat at that election, which took place in October 1974. They won Bristol North West by just 633 votes, and a majority of 1.2%, approximately the same share they had previously lost by. There was a swing to Labour of 2.3% (higher than the national swing of 2.0%), and Labour won a small majority in the House of Commons, where Thomas became the chairperson of the Tribune Group of left-wing Labour MPs. In 1975, they were part of a joint statement made by Bristol Labour MPs advocating a vote against membership of the European Communities in that year's UK referendum.
Thomas remained a Bristol City councillor until the 1976 Bristol elections. From their election to Parliament until 2017 (when Labour gained it, despite losing nationally), Bristol North West was a bellwether, with it reflecting the national result. They were one of the most rebellious Labour MPs of the 1974 to 1979 Parliament, voting against their party's government 137 times, a number which was second only to Dennis Skinner.
In 1979, another election was called, following the loss of the Labour majority in Parliament. By this time, James Callaghan had taken over from Wilson as Labour leader and prime minister, but they lost the general election to the new Conservative leader, Margaret Thatcher. In this context, Thomas lost their seat to the Conservative candidate, Michael Colvin, on a swing of 5.0%, who won with a majority of 4,677 (8.8%).
After Parliament
Thomas did not contest their former seat again, or stand at the next general election, in 1983. They were elected as a councillor on Avon County Council in 1985, representing Eastville ward (centred on the area of the same name). They co-ordinated the Bristol TUC inquiry into the 1980 St Pauls riot (and its published report, "Slumbering Volcano"), and the Bristol Miners' Support Group during the strike of 1984-1985.
At the subsequent general election in 1987, Thomas was again a Labour candidate, this time for Bristol East, which bordered their former seat and included the Eastville ward which they represented as a councillor. However, they were unsuccessful in gaining the seat from the incumbent Conservative MP, Jonathan Sayeed, in a general election which saw the Conservatives under Thatcher win their third majority in a row, albeit with a swing to Labour.
Locally, Bristol East saw the Conservative vote share increase, and Labour's share decline, representing a 2.3% swing to Sayeed and their party. This was the last parliamentary election which Thomas contested; they were re-elected to Eastville in 1989, and did not stand at the subsequent 1993 Avon elections.
As a member of the Bristol Trades Council, they supported the launch of the Justice for Pensioners Campaign in August 2000, which took place in Bristol.
On 22 June 2016, a letter from Thomas, describing themselves as a "former 'old' Labour MP", was published in the Bristol Post. Striking a Eurosceptic tone, they noted the link between the vice-chancellor of the University of the West of England advocating a vote for 'Remain' in the forthcoming European Union referendum, and a subsequent report on the university receiving £60 million from the EU. The day before the referendum, Thomas appeared to be endorsing a vote for 'Leave', when they wrote:Was this not an example of the recycling back to the UK of part of the massive annual fee paid to be a member of the EU Club? And is it not the case that unelected bureaucrats decide who the recipients shall be? Some of us believe that taxation and payments and grants etc., out of that taxation should be determined by our elected representatives in the House of Commons. It is an essential part of the sovereignty of people and parliament which hopefully will be restored after the Referendum vote.
Personal life and death
Thomas married artist Lilian Audrey Jones in Shrewsbury, Shropshire, in 1951; the couple had two sons, musicians Paul Thomas (who predeceased him) and Sean Thomas (later Sean Thomas-Bouzas), and a grandson, Alain Thomas-Bouzas. Lilian predeceased their husband.
Thomas lived in Lockleaze, Bristol. They died on 19 December 2020 of metastatic prostate cancer, aged 91.
References
Times Guide to the House of Commons 1979
External links
1929 births
2020 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1974–1979
Politics of the United Kingdom articles needing infoboxes
Aletopus ruspina is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Republic of Congo.
References
Endemic fauna of the Republic of the Congo
Moths described in 1909
Agaristinae
Fauna of the Republic of the Congo
Moths of Africa
Francis David Peat
(Born 18 April 1938 Waterloo, England died 6 June 2017 in Pari Italy) was a holistic physicist and author who has carried out research in solid state physics and the foundation of quantum theory.
They were director of the Pari Center for New Learning, which is located in the village of Pari near Grosseto in Tuscany, Italy. They were a adjunct professor at the California Institute of Integral Studies and Schumacher College, a Fellow of the World Academy of Art and Science and a Distinguished Fellow at the University of South Africa.
Education and career
In 1964, Peat received a PhD in physics from the University of Liverpool. In 1965, they became assistant professor at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. Subsequently, from 1967 to 1975, they worked as research scientist for the National Research Council of Canada. During this time, from 1971 to 1972, they performed a sabbatical study with David Bohm and Roger Penrose at Birkbeck College in London.
For many years they were associated with physicist and philosopher David Bohm; the two wrote the book Science, Order, and Creativity together, and Peat later wrote Bohm's biography, Infinite Potential: The Life and Times of David Bohm. In the context of this biography, Peat emphasized how Bohm had worked intensely on finding a mathematical expression for their vision of an interconnected, enfolded implicate order, from which an explicated order, the world of classical physics unfolds. Bohm also aimed at re-introducing time as a dynamic entity. According to Peat, the use of the term Bohmian mechanics for their theory "would have shocked Dave [Bohm] somewhat": what was happening with the ideas of Bohm's and Hiley's theory, similarly as what had occurred with those of Grassman, Hamilton and Clifford before, was that physicists left the fundamental ideas aside and merely made use of them as an easy manner of performing calculations.
While living in Canada, Peat organized discussion circles between Western scientists and Native American elders, together with Leroy Little Bear who later obtained the 2003 National Aboriginal Achievement Award, now the Indspire Awards, for Education. While living in London, Peat organized a conference between artists and scientists. In 1996 they moved from Canada to Pari, Italy.
In 2000, they founded the Pari Center for New Learning, a center dedicated to education, learning and research, together with writer and researcher Maureen Doolan. The activities of the Pari Center comprise residential courses and conferences and possibilities for scholars and researchers to spend extended periods as residents in Pari.
Peat wrote on the subjects of science, art, and spirituality and proposed the notions of creative suspension and gentle action. They authored or co-authored many books including Synchronicity: The Bridge between Matter and Mind, Seven Life Lessons of Chaos, Turbulent Mirror, Gentle Action, and Pathways of Chance. Their most recent book was A Flickering Reality: Cinema and the Nature of Reality.
Gentle Action
A focus of Peat's recent work was the concept of gentle action. This approach, as envisaged by Peat, emphasizes a certain manner of action that is aimed at creating change in an effective manner. The approach calls for tolerating uncertainty yet suspending action at its onset in order to allow an overall view to emerge. It emphasizes the value of small-scale, iterative actions compared to large, single-step interventions. In their book of the same name, published 2008, Peat points out connections of their approach to earlier concepts, emphasizing the importance of active listening and a similarity to the concept of Wu wei.
Peat's gentle action has been cited together with Otto Scharmer's Theory U and Arnold Mindell's worldwork as approaches by which individuals, groups, organisations and communities can deal with complex issues.
Learning modules based on Peat's gentle action approach have been put in place, among others, at the University of Minnesota and at Siena Heights University.
Books
Synchronicity: The marriage of matter and psyche, 2015, Pari Publishing
A Flickering Reality: Cinema and the Nature of Reality, 2011, Pari Publishing
Synchronicity: Multiple perspectives on meaningful Coincidence (with Lance Storm et al.) 2008, Pari Publishing
Gentle Action: Bringing creative change to a turbulent world, 2008, Pari Publishing
Pathways of Chance, 2005, Pari Publishing,
I sentieri del caso, 2004, Di Renzo Editore,
From Certainty to Uncertainty: The Story of Science and Ideas in the Twentieth Century, 2002, Joseph Henry Press,
The Blackwinged Night: Creativity in Nature and Mind, 2001, Basic Books,
Seven Life Lessons of Chaos: Spiritual Wisdom from the Science of Change, 1999, with John Briggs, HarperCollins, 2000 Harper Perennial paperback:
In Search of Nikola Tesla, 1997, Ashgrove Publishing, 2002 edition:
Infinite Potential: The Life and Times of David Bohm, 1997, Perseus Books,
Glimpsing Reality: Ideas in Physics and the Link to Biology, 1996, with Paul Buckley, University of Toronto Press,
Blackfoot Physics: A Journey into the Native American Worldview,1995/2002, Phanes Press,
Lighting the Seventh Fire: The Spiritual Ways, Healing, and Science of the Native American, 1994, Carol Publishing,
The Philosopher's Stone: Chaos, Synchronicity, and the Hidden Order of the World, 1991,
Einstein's Moon: Bell's Theorem and the Curious Quest for Quantum Reality, 1990, Contemporary Books,
Turbulent Mirror: An Illustrated Guide to Chaos Theory and the Science of Wholeness, 1989, with John Briggs, Harper & Row, 1990 Harper Perennial paperback
Superstrings and the Search for the Theory of Everything, 1989, McGraw-Hill,
Cold Fusion: The Making of a Scientific Controversy, 1989, Contemporary Books,
Quantum Implications: Essays in Honour of David Bohm, by F. David Peat (Editor) and Basil Hiley (Editor), Routledge & Kegan Paul Ltd, London & New York, 1987
Science, Order and Creativity, 1987 with David Bohm, Routledge, 2nd ed. 2000:
Synchronicity: The Bridge Between Matter and Mind, 1987, Bantam,
Looking Glass Universe: The Emerging Science of Wholeness, 1986, with John Briggs, Simon & Schuster,
See also
Holism in science
References
External links
Personal homepage
Pari Center of New Learning
F. David Peat, California Institute of Integral Studies
Look for Truth - No Matter Where It Takes You, Interview of F. David Peat by Simeon Alev (from Internet Archive, 18 October 2016). Originally published in: What is Enlightenment? Spring/Summer 1997, Volume 6, Number 1
David Peat expresses some personal ideas and philosophy in the movie Cognition Factor (2009)
1938 births
British physicists
British science writers
British biographers
2017 deaths
English male writers
Thanga Gopuram () is a 1971 Indian Tamil-language film produced, written and directed by M. S. Solaimalai. It stars Jaishankar and Jayalalithaa, with Sundarrajan, V. K. Ramasamy, M. R. R. Vasu, Srikanth, Vennira Aadai Nirmala, Srividya and Manorama in supporting roles. The film was released on 12 August 1971.
Plot
Cast
Jaishankar as Durai
Jayalalithaa as Seetha
Sundarrajan as Sadha Sivam
V. K. Ramasamy as Boothalingam
M. R. R. Vasu as Nithiyantham
Srikanth as Raja
Krishna Rao as Mannaru
Pakoda Kadhar as Alwar
Karikol Raju as Mahalinga Pillai
Vennira Aadai Nirmala as Malathi
Srividya as Shanthi
Manorama as Kamala
Seethalakshmi as Boothalingam's wife
Production
Jaishankar, who played Jayalalithaa's lover in several films, portrayed their brother for the second time after Gowri Kalyanam (1966).
Soundtrack
The music was composed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu, while the lyrics were written by Kannadasan, "Kavi" Rajagopal and Ra. Pazhanisamy.
Reception
The film was critically acclaimed and commercially successful. In this film Jayalalithaa, also appears as the actor Jayalalithaa for a song in the film, both character reflects on their stardom and anticipates their transformation into a meta-object, and was regarded as classic film for them They won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actress.
References
External links
1970s Tamil-language films
1971 films
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
The Party at Kitty and Stud's is a 1970 American softcore pornographic romance film directed by Morton Lewis and starring Sylvester Stallone in their first starring and leading role. Stallone worked two days and was paid $200. Shortly after the 1976 release of Rocky, The Party at Kitty and Stud's was edited and re-released as Italian Stallion to capitalize on its now-famous star.
Plot
The film deals with the sex life of a young New York City woman, Kitty, and their boyfriend, Stud. Stud is brutal and oafish but Kitty is enamored with their sexual performance. They sometimes engage in light sadomasochism, with Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Stud later posts a sign on a bulletin board inviting people to a party. Several people show up at Kitty and Stud's apartment and they engage in group sex, with Stud servicing all the women.
Cast
Sylvester Stallone as Stud
Henrietta Holm as Kitty
Jodi Van Prang as Jodi
Nicholas Warren as Nick
Frank Micelli as Frank
Barbara Strom as Barb
Janet Banzet as Girl in Park (uncredited)
Production
Development
According to Stallone, the film was financed by "a group of wealthy lawyers, very, very solid." The actor said in a 1978 Playboy interview that they had done the film out of desperation after being bounced out of their apartment and finding themselves homeless for several days, sleeping in a New York City bus station in the middle of winter. In Stallone's words: "It was either do that movie or rob someone because I was at the end—at the very end—of my rope. Instead of doing something desperate, I worked two days for $200 and got myself out of the bus station". The actor also called the film "horrendous" and commented "By today's standards, the movie would almost qualify for a PG rating".
Release
Theatrical
Although some sources, including Stallone himself, have stated that The Party at Kitty and Stud's was never released until after their success in Rocky (1976), contemporary newspaper advertisements indicate that the film was screened in adult cinemas in at least four U.S. states between 1970 and 1972.
Stallone has stated that after Rocky became a hit, the owners of The Party at Kitty and Stud's offered to sell them the rights to the film for about US$100,000 in order to prevent its re-release, but the actor "wouldn't buy it for two bucks". The film was then rereleased in theaters under the new title The Italian Stallion. In a prologue included with the reissued version, and in the film's trailer, pornography director Gail Palmer sat by an editing machine addressing the audience and presented the film as X-rated. The release campaign implied that the original film was hardcore pornography, but that the material had now been edited into a milder version. However, the truth of this version has been repeatedly challenged, notably by trade journal AVN, which examined an original print, finding no trace of hardcore scenes. The "Sylvester Stallone porno movie" evolved over the years into a minor urban legend.
Home media
The film was released on DVD in the United States in July 2004 by Ventura Distribution, then again in October 2007 by Cinema Epoch, both under short licenses from Bryanston Distributing Company. Bryanston owned all worldwide rights to the title and also granted short overseas licenses to various territories at the time.
In 2007, the film was released on DVD in a supposedly hardcore version with the lead actor performing actual sexual penetrations. However, the hardcore scenes in that version were revealed as inserts not involving Stallone.
Scenes from The Party at Kitty and Stud's surfaced in a German version of Roger Colmont's hardcore film White Fire (1976), released on DVD under license by Another World Entertainment in 2008.
Protracted negotiations between Bryanston and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for sale of all rights to the picture were terminated in June 2009, as neither party could agree on financial terms. The film's worldwide rights and original 35 mm negatives were auctioned on eBay for $412,000 in November 2010.
Reception
Box office
When rereleased as Italian Stallion, the film was distributed to movie theaters for $10,000 a night, about which Stallone commented "Hell, for $10,000 forget the movie! I'll be there myself!"
Notes
References
External links
1970 films
1970s pornographic films
American pornographic films
Films set in New York City
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
London Scottish may refer to:
London Scottish (regiment), a former regiment of the British Territorial Army, now a company of the London Regiment
London Scottish Bank, a British bank
London Scottish F.C., a British rugby union club
London Scottish Golf Club, a British golf club in Wimbledon
Madvar (, also Romanized as Madvār; also known as Madvīr) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 87, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Muévelo may refer to:
"Muévelo" (Nicky Jam and Daddy Yankee song), 2020
"Muévelo" (Sofía Reyes song), featuring Wisin, 2014
"Muévelo", a 2007 song by Cruz Martínez y Los Super Reyes from El Regreso de los Reyes
"Muévelo", a 1996 song by Fey from Tierna la Noche
Tehachapi Municipal Airport is in Tehachapi, Kern County, California. It covers and has one runway.
The airport was established in 1929 originally to support an air mail route between Tehachapi and Bakersfield. After the 1952 Kern County earthquake Tehachapi became inaccessible by roads or rail, and the airport saw an emergency relief airlift for several weeks. There are hangars and an industrial park on the south side of the airport, and in 2009 the city was planning an expansion to include a taxiway and hangars on the north side.
In 1974 Golden West Airlines scheduled de Havilland Canada DHC-6 Twin Otters to Los Angeles (LAX). The flight is in the August 1974 OAG but not in the March 1975 edition.
Golden Age Flight Museum moved to temporary quarters in 2022.
See also
Mountain Valley Airport, privately owned gliderport also located in Tehachapi
List of airports in Kern County, California
References
External links
Tehachapi Composite Squadron 46, Civil Air Patrol
Flying into Tehachapi — by Frank Holbert.
Tehachapi Municipal Airport-related articles in the Tehachapi News:
"Tehachapi Airport becomes strong economic asset"
"New 'light sport' aircraft designed in Tehachapi"
"Tehachapi Airport is a Growing Force in our community"
Airports in Kern County, California
Municipal Airport
Airports established in 1929
1929 establishments in California
The bare-eyed antbird (Rhegmatorhina gymnops), occasionally known as the Santarem antbird, is a species of insectivorous passerine bird in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae. It is endemic to Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The bare-eyed antbird was formally described by the American ornithologist Robert Ridgway in 1888 and given the binomial name Rhegmatorhina gymnops.
This species is a specialist ant-follower that depends upon swarms of army ants to flush insects and other arthropods out of the leaf litter.
References
bare-eyed antbird
Birds of the Brazilian Amazon
Endemic birds of Brazil
bare-eyed antbird
Taxa named by Robert Ridgway
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Matt Applebaum (born January 20, 1984) is an American football offensive line coach for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL).
They previously served as the offensive line coach for Boston College. Applebaum played college football at UConn, where they started on the offensive line for two years.
Coaching career
Applebaum started their coaching career at Central Connecticut State University, where they were the tight ends coach. They spent five months there before leaving for the NFL, joining the Washington Redskins in 2008 as a player personnel/coaching assistant. In 2011, Applebaum departed the Redskins to become an offensive graduate assistant/quality control coach for the University of Miami.
They spent two years there before being hired as the offensive line coach at Bucknell University in 2013. In 2014, Applebaum returned to the NFL to become an offensive assistant for the Jacksonville Jaguars. They left the Jaguars in 2015 to become the offensive line coach at Southeastern Louisiana University. In 2016, Applebaum became the offensive line coach at Davidson College. The next year, they were promoted to offensive coordinator while continuing to serve as the offensive line coach. Applebaum was hired by Towson University in 2018 to be their offensive line coach.
In 2020, they became a part of Boston College's staff as their offensive line coach.
Dolphins
On February 12, 2022, it was announced that Applebaum would be leaving Boston College to become the offensive line coach of the Miami Dolphins.
References
Living people
Miami Dolphins coaches
1984 births
People from Yardley, Pennsylvania
UConn Huskies football players
American football offensive linemen
Central Connecticut Blue Devils football coaches
Washington Redskins coaches
Miami Hurricanes football coaches
Bucknell Bison football coaches
Jacksonville Jaguars coaches
Southeastern Louisiana Lions football coaches
Davidson Wildcats football coaches
Towson Tigers football coaches
Boston College Eagles football coaches
Prosthogonimus ovatus is a species of a trematode, or fluke worms, in the family Prosthogonimidae.
Life cycle
The first intermediate hosts of Prosthogonimus ovatus include freshwater snails:
Anisus spirorbis
Bithynia leachii
Bithynia tentaculata
Planorbarius corneus
The definitive host lives in the oviducts of corn crake Crex crex.
References
External links
Plagiorchiida
Taxa named by Karl Rudolphi
Michael Jon Wilkins (born May 13, 1948) is an American lawyer and judge.  They are a retired Justice of the Utah Supreme Court and current chairperson of the Utah Independent Ethics Commission.
Biography
Education
They graduated from the University of Utah in 1975 with a Bachelor of Science degree and from the S. J. Quinney College of Law with a Juris Doctor in 1977. They received a Master of Laws degree from the University of Virginia School of Law in 2001.
Private Practice
From 1977 to 1994, Mike Wilkins practiced law in Salt Lake City.
Utah Court of Appeals
Michael J. Wilkins was appointed by Governor Mike Leavitt in August 1994 to the Utah Court of Appeals. And they served there until their appointment to the Supreme Court. Justice Wilkins served as presiding judge of the Court of Appeals.
Utah Supreme Court
Justice Wilkins was appointed in 2000 to the Supreme Court. They served as Associate Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
Justice Wilkins has been a member of the Judicial Council and has served as chair of the Judicial Council's Policy and Planning Committee, Legislative Liaison Committee, and Standing Committee on Technology. They have chaired the Supreme Court's Committee on Professionalism, and teaches as an adjunct professor at Brigham Young University's J. Reuben Clark Law School.
Independent Ethics Commission
Justice Wilkins is a former member of the Utah Legislature's Independent Ethics Commission. The five-member commission, established 2 July 2010, handles ethic complaints against lawmakers that previously were dealt with by members of the Legislature.
See also
Utah Supreme Court
Utah Court of Appeals
Utah Legislature
References
1948 births
Justices of the Utah Supreme Court
Living people
S.J. Quinney College of Law alumni
Brigham Young University faculty
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
American Latter Day Saints
Utah lawyers
Zošto Sonot Ima Kraj () is the second studio album by Macedonian pop singer, Karolina. The album was released in Macedonia and later in Serbia and Montenegro.
Track listings
"Ti Možeš"
"Se E Možno"
"Mojot Svet"
"I Ќe Bide Se Vo Red"
"Povtorno Vljubena"
"Kaži Mi"
"Jamajka"
"Konečno"
"Koga Ljubov Postoi"
"Dalečna Želba"
"Toj"
Bonus Tracks
"You Could"
"Looking For Jamaica"
"Tell Me"
Awards
Golden Lady Bug
Concert Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year
Female Singer Of The Year
Song Of The Year
TV Lice Na Godinata
Singer Of The Year
Album Of The Year
Music Video Of The Year
Concert Of The Year
Release history
Music contests
Karolina participated on the popular contest "Sunčane Skale" which takes place in Montenegro with the song "Kaži Mi". It was their first performance out of their native country, and they won the 3rd place.
Chart positions
Singles chart positions
2001 albums
Karolina Gočeva albums
In Jewish tradition, lying is generally forbidden but is required in certain exceptional cases, such as to save a life.
Hebrew Bible
The Tanakh (Hebrew Bible) forbids perjury in at least three verses: "You shall not bear false witness against your neighbor" (Exodus 20:12, part of the Ten Commandments), also phrased "Neither shall you bear false witness against your neighbor" (Deuteronomy 5, see ), and another verse "Keep yourself far from a false matter; and the innocent and righteous do not kill; for I will not justify the wicked" (Exodus 23, see ). According to Deuteronomy 19 (see ), false witnesses should receive the same punishment that they sought to mete out on the unjustly accused. A similar prohibition, "You shall not steal; neither shall you deal falsely, nor lie one to another" (Leviticus 19, see ) relates to business dealings. There are also passages which condemn lying in general: "He that does deceit shall not dwell within My house; they that speaks false-hood shall not be established before My eyes" (Psalm 101:7), "There are six things which the Lord hates, indeed, seven which are an abomination unto Him: Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood" (Proverbs 6, see ) and "Lying lips are an abomination to the Lord; but they who deal truly are Their delight" (Proverbs 12, see ), "The remnant of Israel shall not do iniquity, nor speak lies, neither shall a deceitful tongue be found in their mouth" (Zechariah 3, see ), "They have taught their tongue to speak lies, they weary themselves to commit iniquity" (Jeremiah 9, see ).
However, in various biblical stories, those who lie and mislead are not necessarily condemned, and in some cases are praised. Biblical figures that engaged in deception include Abraham, Isaac, Simeon, and Levi. The Torah does not prohibit lying if no one is harmed.
Talmud
The Talmud forbids lying or deceiving others: "The Holy One, blessed be He, hates a person which says one thing with their mouth and another in their heart" (Pesahim 113b) and also forbids fraud in business dealings: "As there is wronging in buying and selling, there is wronging with words. A man must not ask: ‘How much is this thing?” if they have no intention of buying it" (Bava Metzia 4:10).
Bava Metzia 23b-24a lists three exceptions where lying is permitted:
It is permissible for a scholar to state they are unfamiliar with part of the Talmud, even if they are familiar (out of humility)
It is permissible to lie in response to intimate questions regarding one's marital life (as such things should be kept private)
Lying about hospitality received (to protect the host)
Yevamot 65b states that "It is permitted to stray from the truth in order to promote peace", and Rabbi Natan further argues that this is obligatory.
Later views
Due to the principle of saving a life, in Jewish law it is required to lie to save a life, such as withholding a diagnosis from a seriously ill patient or concealing one's Jewish faith in a time of persecution of Jews. It may also be required to lie in other cases where a positive commandment would be violated by telling the truth, as positive commandments in Judaism usually take precedence against negative ones. Even in the cases where lying is acceptable, it is preferable to tell a technically true but deceptive statement or employ half-truth. It is also completely forbidden to lie habitually, to lie to a child (which would teach them that it was acceptable), and to lie in the court system.
Rabbi Eliyahu Dessler redefined "truth" to mean any statement which serves God and "falsehood" to mean any statement that harms God's interests. This would radically change Jewish views on lying.
According to Conservative rabbi Louis Jacobs, "the main thrust in the appeals for Jews to be truthful is in the direction of moral truth and integrity" although there is also "great significance to intellectual honesty". Reconstructionist rabbi Fred Scherlinder Dobb stated in an interview, "There is no justification whatsoever in Jewish tradition for lies which are either sloppy, systemic or self-serving... every word we utter should reflect our values, and one of the highest of those values is truth."
References
Sources
Jewish ethics
Lying
Ivan Petrovich Vitali (; 1794–1855) was a Russian sculptor of Italian descent. Born in Saint Petersburg, they were apprenticed to their father, Pietro Vitali, from an early age. After attending the Imperial Academy of Arts they moved to Moscow in 1818. Their major works include a six-horse chariot for Bove's Triumphal Arch, a fountain in front of the Bolshoi Theatre (1825), the bas-reliefs above the doors of St. Isaac's Cathedral, and an outdoor bronze statue of Emperor Paul in Gatchina.
Works
Large headboard group crowning the Bauman Higher Technical School in Moscow, formerly the Trade Educationa Establishment technical training center. 1820s.
No. 14 Solyanka street, designed by Giacomo Gilardi, bas reliefs, 1823-26
No. 14 Leninsky Prospekt, gateway pillars (1835), and a fountain in the forecourt that "originally stood in Dzerzhinsky Square."
References
Bibliography
Якирина Т. В., Одноралов Н. В., Витали, Л.-М., 1960.
19th-century sculptors of the Russian Empire
19th-century male artists of the Russian Empire
Russian male sculptors
Neoclassical sculptors
Russian people of Italian descent
1794 births
1855 deaths
Artists from Saint Petersburg
Burials at Tikhvin Cemetery
Lieutenant Alan Incell Riley (9 December 1897 – 17 December 1960) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.
Early life
Riley was born in London on 9 December 1897 to George and Margaret Riley of Clacton and was educated at Malvern College.
Military service
Riley began their military service as a Private with the Artists Rifles.
They served in the Royal Flying Corps between 1916 and 1919. Riley rejoined the forces, being in the Royal Air Force from 1923 to 1928. On 2 July 1932 Riley gave up their commission upon completion of their service.
In 1919 Riley was awarded the Air Force Cross.
Other work
Airco Ltd
Between 1919 and 1920, Riley flew the London to Paris route as a pilot with Airco Ltd.
Westland Aircraft Works
In 1928 they worked at the Westland Aircraft Works.
India
Delhi Flying Club
From 1928 Riley was an instructor at the Delhi Flying Club and flew Lady Willingdon from Delhi to Calcutta in a de Havilland Puss Moth aircraft. The aeroplane was lent for the journey by Grant Govan who was president of the club.
Viceroy's Cup
In 1933 Riley won the Viceroy's Cup, which was a 700-mile handicap air race beginning and ending in Delhi. The route took competitors through Bareilly, Lucknow, Agra and Rampur with a stop at each place. Their average speed in winning the race was 115 mph.
Survey Flight
Also in 1933 they made a 1,500 mile survey flight on behalf of Indian National Airways. This was to examine a possible link up between cities in northern India and the Indian Trans-Continental Airways' service.
Later life
In later life Riley worked as a company director.
They died in London on 17 December 1960 at the age of 63.
Personal life
They were married to Ella Adele Van Os at St. Mary Abbots Church in Kensington, London on 19 June 1926. Ella is recorded in the 1939 England and Wales Register as being a member of the Civil Nursing Reserve.
References
Royal Air Force personnel of World War I
British World War I flying aces
1897 births
1960 deaths
Artists' Rifles soldiers
Air racers
Muhammad Salman Mohsin Gillani (; born 4 July 1977) is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Early life
They were born on 4 July 1977.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-165 (Pakpattan-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 67,400 votes and defeated Mian Ahmad Raza Khan Maneka, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q).
References
Living people
1977 births
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Bobești may refer to:
Bobești, a village in Duda-Epureni Commune, Vaslui County, Romania
Bobești, the Romanian name of Bobivtsi, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine
Bobești, a former village in Glina, Ilfov, Romania
Monocercomonoides is a genus of flagellate Excavata belonging to the order Oxymonadida. It was established by Bernard V. Travis and was first described as those with "polymastiginid flagellates having three anterior flagella and a trailing one originating at a single basal granule located in front of the anteriorly positioned nucleus, and a more or less well-defined axostyle". It is the first eukaryotic genus to be found to completely lack mitochondria, and all hallmark proteins responsible for mitochondrial function. The genus also lacks any other mitochondria related organelles (MROs) such as hydrogenosomes or mitosomes. Data suggests that the absence of mitochondria is not an ancestral feature, but rather due to secondary loss. Monocercomonoides sp. was found to obtain energy through an enzymatic action of nutrients absorbed from the environment. The genus has replaced the iron-sulfur cluster assembly pathway with a cytosolic sulfur mobilization system, likely acquired by horizontal gene transfer from a eubacterium of a common ancestor of oxymonads. These organisms are significant because they overrule the notion that eukaryotes must have mitochondria to properly function. The genome of Monocercomonoides exilis has approximately 82 million base pairs (82 Mbp), with 18 152 predicted protein-coding genes.
Habitat and ecology
Most Monocercomonoides species are obligate animal symbionts that live in the digestive tracts of insects, amphibians, reptiles, and mammals. Monocercomonoides are common in insect orders Orthoptera and Coleoptera. The species Monocercomonoides qadrii are found in the rectum of the larva of the dung-beetle (Oryctes rhinoceros). The following species M. caviae, M. wenrichi, M. quadrifunilis, and M. exilis are found in the caecum of guinea pigs, and M. caprae has been found in the rumen of goats. Interestingly, some Monocercomonoides species were isolated from cesspits, suggesting that they might be able to survive outside of the host in certain environmental conditions. The organism uses enzymes found in its cytoplasm to break down food and furnish energy since there is no mitochondria or oxygen presence. It has been noted that Monocercomonoides ingest bacteria or wood and feed by pinocytosis, however, limited studies have been done on feeding style.
Morphology
Monocercomonoides are small free-swimming, single-cell organisms ranging from 5-12μm in length, and 4.5-14.5μm in width. The body may be ovoidal, pyriform, spherical or subspherical; however, they lack holdfasts and have small axostyles. The axostyle is a single, contractible appendage made of microtubules that originates from the posterior end of the preaxostyle, and is situated near the posterior pair of the basal bodies (known as blepharoplast in older cytological literature). The cytoskeleton is based around four basal bodies, an anterior pair and a posterior pair. The preaxostyle runs between the two pairs of basal bodies and is composed of a broad, curved sheet of microtubules. The inner face of the microtubule sheet adheres to a paracrystalline fibre (about 50nm thick) which is a common characteristic of all oxymonads. Monocercomonoides sp. has four flagella that originate in two pairs and arise from each basal body found in the anterior end. Three of the four flagella and roughly equal in length (9.5-18μm) and the fourth trailing flagellum is slightly longer, measuring between 9.0-24.5μm. The flagella have a beating action and are used for rapid movement. The proximal part of the long flagellum may adhere to the pellicle, which causes it to trail posteriorly. The trailing flagellum is always directed backwards and is attached to the body for a considerable distance (6-9μm) by an accessory filament called a funis. There are one to four filaments (rib-like strictures) extending backwards beneath the body surface. In some parasites, the flagella end in acronemes. The nucleus is generally situated near the anterior end of the body and contains a central endosome surrounded by chromatin granules, some species have pelta-like structures below the nucleus. The cytoplasm is granular with or without vacuoles. Electron microscopic imaging of Monocercomonoides has found that the intracellular morphology lacks any Golgi apparatus, mitochondria, or potential homologs of the two; Golgi-associated proteins have been detected, but mitochondrial ones have not.
Metabolic processes
Monocercomonoides sp. strain PA203 (later described as M. exilis) is the first eukaryote discovered to lack any trace of mitochondria. In all other eukaryotes that seemingly lack mitochondria, there is nuclear DNA that contains some of the genes required to assemble mitochondria, but no such genes are present in Monocercomonoides. It also lacks any genes ordinarily found in mitochondrial DNA, and genes used to make the energy-extracting enzymes present in mitochondria. Monocercomonoides are able to get some energy from glucose using anaerobic metabolic pathways that operate in the cytoplasm, however, most of its energy is obtained using enzymes that break down the amino acid arginine.
Glycolytic pathway
Each molecule of glucose catabolized in Monocercomonoides yields less ATP compared to mitochondrial eukaryotes that use the tricarboxylic acid cycle and electron transport chain. To aid in energy conservation, Monocercomonoides has adapted alternative glycolytic enzymes. Four alternative glycolytic enzymes include pyrophosphate-fructose-6-phosphate phosphotransferase (PFP), fructose-bisphosphate aldolase class II (FBA class II), 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate independent phosphoglycerate mutase (iPGM), and pyruvate phosphate dikinase (PPDK). Glucose-6-phosphate isomerase (GPI) is predicted to be in Monocercomonoides since it is universally distributed among Eukaryotes, Bacteria, and some Archaea and essential in catabolic glycolysis, but has not yet been found. Most of the glycolytic enzymes are the standard eukaryotic versions, making Monocercomonoides' metabolic pathway a mosaic similar to that of other anaerobes.
The addition of PPDK to the conversion of phosphoenolpyruvate to pyruvate (typically catalyzed solely by pyruvate kinase) has a strong effect on ATP conservation. Both PFP and PPDK rely on inorganic phosphate (PPi) as the phosphate donor; therefore rather than hydrolyzing ATP, the ATP yield is increased by using a by-product of the cell's anabolic processes as an energy source. These reactions are able to allow for greater ATP conservation and regulation of glycolysis due to the PPDK's reversible nature and use of inorganic phosphate where pyruvate kinase only catalyzes the forward reaction.
Arginine deiminase pathway
In addition to the adjusted glycolysis, Monocercomonoides contain enzymes needed in the arginine deiminase (degradation) pathway. The arginine deiminase pathway may be used for ATP production, as in Giardia intestinalis and Trichomonas vaginalis. In G. intestinalis (an anaerobic unicellular eukaryote) this pathway produces eight times more ATP than sugar metabolism, and a similar output is expected in Monocercomonoides, but has yet to be confirmed.
Iron-sulfur cluster
Iron-sulfur clusters are important protein components that are synthesized by mitochondria. The main function of these small inorganic prosthetic groups is mediating electron transport, which makes them a key part of photosynthesis, respiration, DNA replication/repair, and regulation of gene expression. In eukaryotic cells, the common pathway for Fe-S cluster synthesis is ISC (iron-sulfur cluster). In the cytosol, a cytosolic iron-sulfur cluster assembly (CIA) forms Fe-S cluster-containing proteins that are responsible for the maturation of nuclear Fe-S proteins. CIA is unique to eukaryotes and does not have prokaryotic homologs. The mitochondrial ISC pathway is believed to be necessary for the function of CIA since it synthesizes and transports uncharacterized sulfur-containing precursor to the cytosol, and is a major reason for retention of mitochondrial-related organelles in anaerobic eukaryotes. The genus Monocercomonoides contains the CIA pathways but completely lacks the ISC pathway, along with any mitochondrial proteins. The genus contains a reduced version of the SUF (sulfur utilization factor) pathway, having only three proteins - SufB, SufC, and SufU. The SUF pathway is a known pathway of prokaryotes, and it is believed that the genes used to build Monocercomonoides' SUF system had to have come from prokaryotes. However, Monocercomonoides' SUF proteins were found to not be related to plastid homologues, or any other microbial eukaryotes. It was proposed that the pathway was acquired from a eubacterium by horizontal gene transfer (HGT) in the common ancestor of Monocercomonoides and Paratrismastrix (a sister taxon of oxymonads). The genetic acquisition has not been demonstrated despite the assumption that it must have occurred.
Mitochondrial acquisition and loss
Monocercomonoides contain no detectable sign that mitochondria were ever part of the organism. However, since it is widely accepted that all eukaryotes have a common ancestor that evolved mitochondria, it is believed that mitochondria must have once been present in the ancestors to oxymonads and then secondarily lost. The amitchondrial genus demonstrates that mitochondria are not absolutely essential for life of a eukaryotic cell.
Genomic structure
The lack of mitochondria or any mitochondria-related organelles in Monocercomonoides exilis is confirmed by its genome sequence. A complete genome sequence analysis of Monocercomonoides exilis strain PA203 from Chinchilla lanigera was conducted. The estimated size of the genome is ~75Mb and the number of predicted protein-coding genes is 16,629. A more recent re-sequencing of the genome using Oxford nanopore showed that the genome is ~82 Mbp in size. Homology searches reveal a lack of genes that encode mitochondrial import machinery, metabolite transport proteins, and iron-sulfur clusters. Additionally, an absence of targeted important genes and genes coding for mitochondrial membrane proteins were revealed when a search for specific N-terminal and C-terminal sequences was conducted. Genes that are typically encoded on mitochondrial genomes (mtDNA) were not found among the assembled scaffold, suggesting Monocercomonoides lacks mtDNA. 18S RNA genes were sequenced and found to be 2,927 nt long, and is among the longest known. Some expansions were specific to Monocercomonoides, but many were similar to those in other oxymonad genera but substantially longer. Comparisons of genes coding for 𝛼-tubulin, 𝛽-tubulin, 𝛾-tubulin, EF-1𝛼, EF-2, cytHSP70, ubiquitin, 18S rRNA, and HSP90 allow the placement of oxymonads near diplomonads and trichomonads, with Monocercomonoides and Streblomastix making up the oxymonad branch.
References
External links
Excavata genera
Metamonads
Eukaryote genera
James Hodgson (1672–1755) was an English astronomer, mathematical teacher, lecturer and writer.
Life
The nephew of Christopher Wren, Hodgson was an assistant to the first Astronomer Royal, John Flamsteed, at the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, between 1695 and 1702. In 1703 they were elected Fellow, and in 1733 one of the council, of the Royal Society. They were master of mathematics at the Royal Mathematical School at Christ's Hospital from 1709 until their death. Hodgson married Flamsteed's niece in 1702, took part in the controversies in which Flamsteed was engaged and helped bring their works to posthumous publication. They promoted Flamsteed's work in their textbook A System of the Mathematics (1723) and has been credited with improving standards and examination success at the School.
Hodgson died on 25 June 1755, leaving a widow and several children.
Works
When Flamsteed died Hodgson assisted their widow in the publication of their husband's works, and they appear as co-editor of the Atlas Cœlestis, published in 1729. The share which Joseph Crosthwaite had in seeing the works through the press was not acknowledged.
Hodgson wrote papers in the Philosophical Transactions (vols. xxxvii–xlix.), and also:
The Theory of Navigation, 1706.
The Laws of Stereographick Projection, printed in Miscellanea Curiosa, vol. ii., 1708.
A System of the Mathematics, 1723.
The Doctrine of Fluxions founded on Sir Isaac Newton's Method, 1736.
An Introduction to Chronology, 1747.
A Treatise on Annuities, 1747.
The Theory of Jupiter's Satellites, 1750.
They prefixed a short treatise on The Theory of Perspective to the English translation of the French Jesuit Jean Dubreuil's work on perspective, which went to a fourth edition in 1765.
Notes
Attribution
1672 births
1755 deaths
English mathematicians
Fellows of the Royal Society
Christ's Hospital staff
James Ramsey Murray (1841 - 1905) was an American composer and author including of songbooks. Their work includes hymns and Christmas music and was published by Root & Cady as well as S. Brainard Sons. Their work includes a popular arrangement of "Away in a Manger". They helped write "Daisy Deane" in an American Civil War camp.
Murray helped produce the singing lesson book The Pacific Glee Book with Frederic Woodman Root. A portrait of them by Jacob Henry Hall is in the Library of Congress.
Murray died on 10 March 1905 in Cincinnati of Addison's disease and they were buried at Spring Grove Cemetery
Selected songs
"Gallop" with H.W. Fairbank, on the Copper: Original Soundtrack
Bibliography
Pure Diamonds (1872)
School chimes : a new school music book (1874)
Joyful Songs (1875)
Heavenward (1877)
Heart and voice : a new collection of Sunday school songs (1881)
Dainty songs for little lads and lasses : for use in the kindergarten, school and home (1887)
References
1841 births
1905 deaths
19th-century American composers
People from Andover, Massachusetts
Musicians from Massachusetts
Musicians from Cincinnati
Imma monastica is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1910. It is found on Ambon Island in the Moluccas of Indonesia.
The wingspan is 17–21 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous, faintly purplish tinged. There is a wedge-shaped ochreous-white mark from the costa near the apex and a fine white denticulate terminal line. The hindwings are dark fuscous, lighter anteriorly. There are broad medians and dorsal prismatic-violet-tinged hyaline (glass like) longitudinal patches, confluent towards the base, the upper extending to about three-fourths, the lower nearly to the termen.
References
Moths described in 1910
Immidae
Moths of Indonesia
Iauareté (or Iauaretê) is a small town in São Gabriel da Cachoeira Municipality, Amazonas state in Brazil. It is located near the border with Colombia.
History
Iauaretê was also a village of great importance during the most recent history of colonization in the region. Located at the confluence point of the Uaupés and Papurí rivers, sub-regions densely populated by the Tariano, Tucano, Pira-tapuya, Wanano, Arapasso, Tuyuka and other ethnic groups. It served as a point of reference for countless travelers who traveled the area since the end of the eighteenth century, for rubber tappers and merchants who exploited indigenous labor and, finally, as a base for Salesian missionaries who in 1930 implanted a great mission there dedicated to catechesisof the Indians. In five decades of operation, its boarding schools have received hundreds of indigenous students. At the end of the 1980s, an army platoon and an airstrip were built in Iauaretê, as part of a program for the defense and colonization of the North Amazonian border, the so-called Calha Norte Project.
The local population is about 3 thousand people, and the aspect of the place is that of a small town, with electricity, telephone, television, schools and commerce.
Climate
Iauaretê has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round. Of all the official weather stations in Brazil, it has the highest average annual rainfall.
References
Populated places in Amazonas (Brazilian state)
A statue of José Guadalupe Zuno is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of men in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
Qermez Cheshmeh () is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 43 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Bang Kruai (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. The subdistrict is bounded by (clockwise from north) Bang Si Thong, Bang Phai, Suan Yai, Wong Sawang (across the Chao Phraya River), Bang O, Bang Phlat and Wat Chalo subdistricts. In 2020 it had a total population of 27,836 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 9 villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Bang Kruai Town Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Bang Kruai Town Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Jim Hugunin is a software programmer who created the Python programming language extension Numeric (ancestor to NumPy), and later created Python implementations for the Java Platform (Jython) and for Microsoft .NET platform (IronPython); they have also co-designed the AspectJ extension for the Java programming language. They worked for Microsoft from 2004 to 2010, mainly on IronPython and Dynamic Language Runtime.
In October 2010, after Microsoft abandoned the IronPython project, Hugunin left Microsoft to work for Google.
On their personal website, they described Microsoft's decision regarding IronPython as "a catalyst but not the cause of my leaving the company", and said that having "a healthy relationship with Open Source code and communities" at Microsoft was "possible" but "felt like trying to fit a square peg into a round hole". According to LinkedIn, Jim left Google in May 2013.
In December 2017, Jim launched a beta version of a cloth simulator called Artful Physics.
References
Living people
Computer programmers
Java (programming language)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mile voli disko is the second studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and their band Slatki Greh. It was released 18 November 1982 through the record label PGP-RTB.
This was their second of twelve albums with Slatki Greh.
Background
Like the previous one, the tracks on the album were written by Milutin Popovic Zahar. Three hit singles on the album were "Mile voli disko", "Duge noge" and "Dama iz Londona". For the purpose of promoting the album, Brena and Slatki Greh appeared in the film A Tight Spot, in which Brena sang two songs. In addition to numerous witty scenes in the film, the most highlighted is when Srećko Šojić tells "Lepa Brena for four people".
The album was sold in a circulation of 780,000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Production and recording
Milutin Popović – arrangement
Petar Gaković – producer
Crew
Mića Isailović – photography
Release history
References
1982 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
Dishui Lake () is the southern terminal station on Line 16 of the Shanghai Metro, located at Lingang Avenue () between Shuiyun Road () and Yunjuan Road () in the far southeast of Pudong New Area. It serves the artificial Dishui Lake and Shanghai Maritime University, both within a short distance of the station. It is currently the southernmost and easternmost station on the Shanghai Metro, and opened on 29 December 2013 as part of the first section of Line 16 from to Dishui Lake.
Places nearby
Dishui Lake. The largest artificial lake in China.
China Maritime Museum located at 197 Shengang Avenue. The museum is a 20 minute walk, or a quick taxi ride.
Shanghai Astronomy Museum located at 380 Lingang Avenue. Opened 18 July 2021 it is 38,000 square meters, and able to host 6,000 visitors a day, it is believed to be the largest of its kind in the world.
Services
It is served by local, express and direct services to Longyang Road on Line 16. For the local and express services, the preceding station is Lingang Avenue station. Direct trains run non-stop all the way to Longyang Road station.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Line 16, Shanghai Metro
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Railway stations in China opened in 2013
Phillippe Sidney de Quetteville Cabot (18 July 1900 – 12 December 1998) was a New Zealand rugby union player. A wing-forward, Cabot represented South Canterbury and Otago at a provincial level, and was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1921. They left the field injured in their only match for the All Blacks, against New South Wales in Christchurch.
Following the death of Johnstone Richardson in 1994, Cabot was the oldest living All Black.
References
1900 births
1998 deaths
Columbia University alumni
Harvard University alumni
New Zealand international rugby union players
New Zealand rugby union players
Otago rugby union players
People educated at Timaru Boys' High School
Princeton University alumni
Rugby union players from Otago
Rugby union wing-forwards
South Canterbury rugby union players
University of Otago alumni
Piazza Marina is a square of Palermo. It is located down the Cassaro street, in the quarter of the Kalsa, within the historic centre of Palermo. The square is dominated by the great Garibaldi Garden.
History
In the Middle Ages the area of Piazza Marina was a swamp connected to the ancient port of Palermo, the Cala. During the 14th century the area was cleared. In the Spaniard period, the space of the square was used by the Inquisition (whose headquarters was the adjacent Palazzo Chiaramonte) for its convictions.
In 1863, Giovan Battista Filippo Basile designed the Garibaldi Garden, named after national hero Giuseppe Garibaldi, at the centre of Piazza Marina. This garden is famous because the biggest Ficus macrophylla of Europe is situated in it. In the zone of Piazza Marina are also located several buildings like Palazzo Chiaramonte, Palazzo Galletti di San Cataldo, Palazzo Fatta, Palazzo Notarbartolo di Villarosa Dagnino, Palazzo delle Finanze, the Hotel de France, the Teatro Libero, the churches of Santa Maria dei Miracoli, San Giovanni dei Napoletani and Santa Maria della Catena and the Fontana del Garraffo.
On March 12, 1909, the New York police officer Joe Petrosino was killed in Piazza Marina during a top secret mission against the Mafia. Later a small memorial (an engraved brass plate on a pole) was erected on the square in their remembrance.
See also
Fontana del Garraffo
Palazzo Chiaramonte
References
Marina
Nicolette Hellemans (born 30 November 1961) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal in the double sculls at the 1984 Summer Olympics, partnering with their elder sister Greet. At the same Olympics they also won a bronze medal in the coxed eights, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Lynda Cornet, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist and Wiljon Vaandrager.
References
1961 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Sportspeople from Groningen (city)
20th-century Dutch women
21st-century Dutch women
Benjamin Platt (December 17, 1883 – April 18, 1960) was an American business person and philanthropist. They were the founder of the Platt Music Corporation, which they started in 1905.
Biography
Early life
Benjamin Platt was born in Khodorkiv, a shtetl near Kyiv, Russian Empire (now a part of Ukraine). They moved to the United States in 1905, when they were twenty years old.
Career
They started their career as a salesperson in New York City, for the Singer Sewing Machine Company. They moved to Los Angeles later that year and started The Platt Music Company; they began the company by selling pianos door-to-door.
Platt Music Corporation was a private company that leased space in department stores and sold consumer electric products. By 1926, its annual sales volume was in excess of $3 million and the company's total assets were approximately $2.7 million. Platt owned three buildings on Broadway in downtown Los Angeles: 830 Broadway, 840 Broadway, and 620-622 Broadway, next to the Orpheum Theatre. Walker & Eisen was the architectural firm that designed the 840 Broadway building. (Walker & Eisen is best known for the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills, California.) Lange and Bergstrom were the contractors for 840 building.
By 1928, Platt Music was one of the largest retailers of its kind in the world. In 1929, the stock market crashed and Platt Music went into receivership. Because of Platt's good relationship with Tom May of the May Company, Platt rebuilt Platt Music to be bigger than ever. Platt Music contracted with the May Company to sell appliances in all of their stores.
By 1955, Platt Music was the largest retail business of its kind in America. Platt was honored at the Ambassador Hotel in 1955, on the anniversary of their 50th year in business. Some of the biggest names in Los Angeles attended this event, some from as far as Mexico.
Philanthropy
They were one of the founders of The City of Hope and was active on its Board for many years. They were also the President of the Jewish Home for the Aging. They served as the President of Sinai Temple for twenty-one years, the longest-serving president to date. Additionally, they were one of the founders of the University of Judaism, now known as the American Jewish University. They then served as its first executive vice president.
They were active in Masonry and was a member of Westgate Masonic Lodge, Scottish Rites, and the Al Malaikah Temple of the Shrine.
Death and legacy
Platt died at Cedars Hospital on April 18, 1960, at the age of 77. On April 19, the Los Angeles City Council adjourned in memory of Platt and stopped conducting any business transactions the rest of the day.  They are the father of Herman Platt and Leo Platt, and the grandfather of Cynthia Platt Flagg and Nancy Platt Jacoby, Kenneth Platt (1932–2005), Steven Platt (1934–2001), and Susan Platt.  They are the great-grandfather of Josh Flagg, Lindsey Arent Schank, Marc Platt, Benjamin Platt, Jonathan Platt, Cynthia Rogers, and Morgan Rogers.
References
Sources
LA Times “Music House to Finance” Dec 12, 1926
B'Nai B'rit Messenger
City of Los Angeles Resolution File No. 95830
Los Angeles Examiner Fri May 6, 1955
Los Angeles examiner Mon May 19, 1958 p5 sec 1 “50 yrs. wed, say ‘dont fight wife'
“Music Firm Awards Job on Building” Los Angeles Times April 10, 1927 p e5
Los Angeles Times April 5, 1922 p 113 “Long Lease on Broadway Site”
1880s births
1960 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American philanthropists
American businesspeople in retailing
American people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Businesspeople from Los Angeles
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
Jewish American philanthropists
People from Kiev Governorate
Ukrainian Jews
Charles Paul Conn (born December 23, 1945) is Chancellor and former President of Lee University in Cleveland, Tennessee. Conn became president of Lee University in 1986 and announced retirement in 2019. They retired in 2020 to become chancellor.
Education
Conn acquired their undergraduate degree in religion from Lee University (then Lee College). They received an M.A. and a Ph.D. in psychology from Emory University (Atlanta, GA) and subsequently went on to spend eight semesters in post-doctoral study at Harvard University (Boston, Mass.) in the Graduate School of Education. They were a Visiting Scholar at Harvard Divinity School in 1982.
Career
Conn began their career at Lee College in 1972, and was appointed as a professor in the psychology faculty and chair of the Department of Behavioral Sciences. They were appointed Vice President of Institutional Advancement in 1984 and President of Lee College (now Lee University) in 1986. They continue teaching in the Department of Behavioral and Social Sciences, and served a term as Visiting Professor of Psychology at Appalachian State University.
Conn has served on the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges, holding positions as commissioner, member of the Executive Committee, and member of the Appeals Committee. They served from 2007 to 2010 on the national board of directors of the Council of Independent Colleges. They have also held positions with the Appalachian College Association, the Council for Christian Colleges and Universities, the Southern States Athletic Conference, and the Tennessee Independent Colleges and Universities Association.
Writing career
Conn has authored or co-authored 20 books.
Battle for Africa, by Brother Andrew with Charles Paul Conn
Believe, by Richard M. DeVos with Charles Paul Conn
Dad, Mom, and the Church, by Charles Paul Conn
Disguised, by Patricia Moore with Charles Paul Conn
Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription, by Jack Eckerd and Charles Paul Conn
Father Care, by Charles Paul Conn
Hooked on a Good Thing, by Sammy Hall with Charles Paul Conn
Julian Carroll of Kentucky, by Charles Paul Conn
Just Off Chicken Street, by Floyd McClung, Jr. with Charles Paul Conn
Kathy, by Barbara Miller and Charles Paul Conn
The Magnificent Three, by Nicky Cruz with Charles Paul Conn
Making it Happen, by Charles Paul Conn
Music Makers: A Profile of the Lee Singers, by Charles Paul Conn
The New Johnny Cash, by Charles Paul Conn
No Easy Game, by Terry Bradshaw with Charles Paul Conn
The Possible Dream: A Candid Look at Amway, by Charles Paul Conn
The Power of Positive Students, by Dr. William Mitchell with Dr. Charles Paul Conn
Promises to Keep: The Amway Phenomenon and How it Works, by Charles Paul Conn
An Uncommon Freedom, by Charles Paul Conn
The Winner's Circle, by Charles Paul Conn
References
Living people
1945 births
Presidents of Lee University
Emory University alumni
Lee University alumni
Harvard University staff
Appalachian State University faculty
Pentecostals from Tennessee
Emma Katz is a UK-based domestic violence researcher at Liverpool Hope University. Katz's definition of how coercive control affects children and young people have been cited in the Guardian, and is used by Welsh Women's Aid.
Policy
Awards
Katz has won the Wiley Best Paper Prize (awarded to papers of "high quality and impact" published in the journal Child Abuse Review) and Women Against Violence Europe (WAVE)'s Corinna Seith Award.
Other
Katz was a member of the expert advisory panel for Research England's Domestic Abuse Policy Guidance for UK Universities 2021.
References
External links
Katz's Liverpool Hope University profile
Katz on Twitter
Katz on Google Scholar
Katz on ResearchGate
Katz on Academia.edu
Academics of Liverpool Hope University
Domestic violence academics
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Two Zero One Seven is a mixtape by American hip hop recording artist Chief Keef. The mixtape was released on January 1, 2017 by Entertainment One Music and RBC Records. Most of the production on the mixtape is handled by Keef himself, with a few tracks by Lex Luger, Young Chop, and Leek-e-Leek. It is Keef's first release since Finally Rollin 2, released in November 2015.
Track listing
References
Chief Keef albums
Self-released albums
2017 mixtape albums
Aqa Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Āqā Moḩammadābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 70, in 19 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Devils Crags is a 12,424-foot-elevation (3,787 meter) mountain summit located west of the crest of the Sierra Nevada mountain range, in Fresno County of northern California, United States. This jagged line of 11 pinnacles is situated at the southern end of Black Divide in Kings Canyon National Park, south of The Citadel, and one mile southeast of Wheel Mountain, which is the nearest higher neighbor. Devils Crags ranks as the 299th highest summit in California. Topographic relief is significant as it rises 4,200 feet (1,280 meters) above Middle Fork Kings River in approximately two miles. An approach to this remote peak is made possible via the John Muir Trail which passes nearby to the east. The Northwest Arête is considered one of the classic climbing routes in the Sierra Nevada.
History
This mountain was bestowed its name in 1906 by Joseph Nisbet LeConte, a Sierra Nevada explorer and cartographer. The name has been officially adopted by the United States Board on Geographic Names.
The first ascent of the highest summit, Crag 1, was made July 21, 1913, by Charles W. Michael, who in addition to being an accomplished climber, was the assistant postmaster at Yosemite Valley.
Crag 2 was first climbed July 25, 1933, by Jules Eichorn, Glen Dawson, and Ted Waller.
Crags 3 and 4 were climbed June 24, 1934, by David Brower, Hervey Voge, and Norman Clyde. The next day, June 25th, this same team made the first ascents of Crags 5, 6, 7, and 8.
Crag 9 was first climbed August 1, 1933, by Glen Dawson and Jules Eichorn.
Crags 10 and 11 were first climbed June 23, 1934, by David Brower, Hervey Voge, and Norman Clyde.
Climbing
Established climbing routes for Crag 1:
Southwest face – 1913 by Charles Michael
Northwest arête – July 25, 1933, by Jules Eichorn, Helen LeConte, and Alfred Weiler
Northeast face – August 5, 1938, by Raffi Bedayan, Kenneth Davis, and Jack Riegelhuth
Devils Crag #1 has a bad reputation for unstable rock which has contributed directly to two climbing deaths, Mark Hoffman in 1988, and David Dykeman in 1997.
Climate
Devils Crags is located in an alpine climate zone. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel east toward the Sierra Nevada mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks, causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the range (orographic lift). Precipitation runoff from this mountain drains into tributaries of the Middle Fork Kings River.
Gallery
See also
List of mountain peaks of California
References
External links
Weather forecast: Devils Crags
Mountains of Fresno County, California
Mountains of Kings Canyon National Park
North American 3000 m summits
Mountains of Northern California
Sierra Nevada (United States)
Franz Reitz (28 January 1929 – 10 June 2011) was a German racing cyclist. They won the German National Road Race in 1957.
References
External links
1929 births
2011 deaths
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Wiesbaden
German cycling road race champions
Cyclists from Hesse
Adrian Costi Marian Moescu (born 31 May 2001), commonly known as Adrian Moescu, is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Liga I side FC Botoșani.
Honours
Dante Botoșani
Liga III: 2021–22
References
External links
Adrian Moescu at lpf.ro
2001 births
Living people
People from Orșova
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga III players
FC Botoșani players
William Henry Beach (1871 – 22 July 1952) was a senior British Army officer who played an important role in the campaign in Mesopotamia 1915 to 1918.
Early life and education
William Henry Beach, universally known as Bill Beach, was the son of the late Canon W R Beach, Chaplain to the forces, and Sophia J. Watson, daughter of Dr. Thomas Watson, a well-known physician of Macao and Hong Kong. They were born on 7 June 1871 at 5 Belfast Terrace, Dublin, the younger brother of Thomas Boswall Beach. They were educated at Bloxham School, Wolverhampton Grammar School and the Royal Military Academy Woolwich.
Military career
Beach was commissioned into the Royal Engineers in 1889 and served in Chatham (1890) Shorncliffe (1891), the Curragh (1892–94) and Cairo (1894). In 1895 they were posted to India where they were to spend most of their service. From 1895 to 1898 they served in the Central Public Works Department (Military Works Service and Irrigation Branch) where their activities included constructing a section of the Lower Ganges Canal, as the only European in charge of many hundred Indians. In 1899 they were transferred to the Bengal Sappers and Miners and was promoted captain in 1900. They commanded successively the 6th and 5th Field Companies mainly at Roorkee and, in 1901, worked on the Khushalgarh Kohat Thal (KKT) railway. In 1905 they left the Sappers and Miners to pursue a career on the general staff, serving successively with the Meerut Cavalry Brigade and the Dehra Dun Infantry Brigade. In April and May 1908 the British mounted a punitive expedition against the Mohmand tribes on the North West Frontier where they saw their first active service as Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General to the 3rd Brigade. They were promoted major in 1909 and served for the next two years on the staff of the 7th Meerut Division. In 1912 they joined the staff of Lieutenant-General Sir John Nixon (Commanding the Southern Army) as Assistant Military Secretary.
In April 1915 Nixon took command of Indian Expeditionary Force D, whose task was to invade Mesopotamia (now Iraq), then part of the Ottoman Empire. Beach went with them as head of the Military Intelligence Branch. The Mesopotamian campaign began well, with the rapid advance of a division under Major General Townshend up the Tigris River, with a view to capturing Baghdad. In late November 1915 this advance was halted at the Battle of Ctesiphon, 25 miles south of Baghdad. During this battle Beach received a gunshot wound, the bullet going through their arm and narrowly missing their heart after being deflected by their cigarette case. Townshend withdrew their force in good order to the town of Kut-al-Amara, which they fortified. The Turkish army followed up and, on 7 December, laid siege to the town. It soon became clear that the garrison of Kut, while defensible, could not be re-supplied. The limited air drops available were insufficient. Four successive attempts to break the siege of Kut all failed. On 24 April 1916 an effort by the paddle steamer 'Julnar' to resupply the garrison by river also failed. Food was running out and disease was spreading rapidly. On 29 April, Beach, together with T E Lawrence (later to become known as 'Lawrence of Arabia') and Aubrey Herbert went through the Turkish lines under a white flag, insisting upon an interview with the Turkish commander Halil Kut (Khalil Pasha). Ostensibly seeking to arrange exchanges of wounded and prisoners, Beach had secret permission from London to offer Khalil a bribe. This was brushed aside. The mission failed and on the same day Townshend surrendered. Over 13,000 soldiers became prisoners of war, a major defeat for the British. Nearly all the British commanders involved were removed from their jobs but Beach survived with their reputation unscathed. Nixon, in a despatch, had written of him: ‘As head of the Intelligence Branch they have shown exceptional powers of insight and organisation.' T E Lawrence, in a report dated May 1916, while deploring that the Intelligence Branch contained no Turkish speakers and only one who knew Arabic, commented that ‘(Beach) is very excellent.'
The remainder of 1916 was spent in reinforcing the British forces and setting up much improved lines of supply. The new commander, General Maude, began an offensive in December 1916 and by March 1917 had captured Baghdad. Further operations took place in the spring of 1918 and again in the autumn culminating in the surrender of Halil with their army, followed by the capture of Mosul on 14 November 1918. During this time the Intelligence Branch was greatly expanded. Beach remained at its head and was promoted successively to lieutenant colonel in January 1916, colonel later that year and brigadier general in January 1917.
When the Ottoman Empire capitulated to the Allies in October 1918, they agreed to withdraw all their troops from the Caucasus, leaving Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia as three emergent states, independent of both Russia and Turkey. The British immediately sent a Military Mission to the Caucasus under General George Milne, involving a division of British and Indian troops. They were to secure the withdrawal of the Turkish army, and safeguard the railway and the oil pipeline from Baku on the Caspian to Batum on the Black Sea, so becoming the predominant foreign power there. Beach was posted as head of intelligence to this Mission and wrote reports on several controversial issues including the status of Nagorno Karabakh and the location of the border between Georgia and Russia. But all the borders were disputed, which soon led to bloodshed, particularly between Armenia and Azerbaijan. The British had no clear policy for the region and, by the late summer of 1919, faced with a resurgent Turkey under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the Red Army looming on the horizon and general lack of resources, Whitehall decided upon withdrawal. Most of the troops left and Beach was at last free to return to India.
In 1920 Beach became Deputy Director of Intelligence at Army Headquarters India. From 1923 to 1927 they commanded the Jubbulpore Brigade. They then reverted to England on half-pay, being promoted Major General in January 1928. From 1929 to 1932 they commanded the 42nd (East Lancashire) Infantry Division in the Territorial Army, and on 29 April 1931 they were appointed Honorary Colonel of the 42nd (East Lancashire) Divisional Engineers.
Later life
Beach retired in 1932, moved to Camberley, Surrey, and worked on the Council of the Regular Forces Employment Association and on the Council of the Voluntary Aid Detachment. From 1936 to 1941 they were a colonel commandant of the Royal Engineers and chairperson of the Royal Engineers Old Comrades Association. They died on 22 July 1952, aged 81, in Hambledon, Surrey.
Family and other interests
On 26 December 1914 Beach married Constance Maud, only daughter of the late Captain Archibald A Cammell, 14th Hussars, of Brookfield Manor Derbyshire in St Stephen's Church Ootacamund (Ooty). After only three months the couple were separated for over four years during Beach's service in Mesopotamia and the Caucasus. They had two children: a daughter June who was born 1921 and died the same year in India, and a son William Gerald Hugh (Hugh Beach) born on 20 May 1923 in South Kensington, London.
Beach was a keen sportsman. In India they took part in polo and pigsticking. In 1913 at Ooty they won the Novices cup on their own horse. They were invited to become Master of the Ooty Hounds but time did not allow. They were also a keen shot, particularly of small game, and fisherman. They were a competent cricketer and played regimental golf with success.
Beach was, above all, a very human man. Their troops and subordinate officers all loved them and they had a capacity for command not enjoyed by many of their contemporaries. They knew their Indian Sappers intimately and they recognised their ability and thoroughness and, above all, their fairness and readiness to help any man in trouble. When commanding the Jubbulpore Brigade, they got to know every officer, many of the British Non-Commissioned Officers and most of the Indian officers by name. All ranks revered him, not only as a commander, but as a good friend who joined in all their sports and games. When the time came to relinquish their command the whole Brigade turned out to a man to line the railway line so that each man could give a parting cheer as the train passed them on its way towards Bombay.
Honours and awards
Beach was awarded the DSO in 1916, CMG in 1917 and CB in 1919. They were awarded the Serbian Order of Karageorge (4th Class) in 1916 and was seven times mentioned in despatches. They were Aide de Camp to King George V from 1922 to 1928.
References
People educated at Bloxham School
1871 births
1952 deaths
British Army major generals
Royal Engineers officers
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Military personnel from Dublin (city)
Ester Carloni (born as Esterina Carloni) ( 1904 – 6 April 1996) was an Italian actor. They appeared in more than forty films from 1958 to 1992.
Them siblings Pietro, Adelina (or Adele), Maria and Ettore were fellow actors. Them brother Pietro married actor Titina De Filippo and their sister Adelina married Titina's brother actor Peppino De Filippo. Titina and Peppino were siblings of well-known actor Eduardo De Filippo.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1904 births
1996 deaths
Italian film actores
Actresses from Naples
Italian centenarians
Women centenarians
Honerath is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Cyrus Melikian (1920–2008) was an Armenian-American coffee industry pioneer credited with several inventions that propelled coffee use into the American public.  They are credited, along with their business partner, Lloyd Rudd, as the inventor of coffee vending machines and the first US fresh-brew machine. Furthermore, Cyrus was instrumental in several other inventions, including coffee pods, post-mix vendor icemakers, and in-machine coffee bean grinders.
They initiated the Culinary Institute at Rockland Mansion in Fairmount Park. Melikian also established the Flavor-Maker Culinary Chef's Training School, and taught there for 10 years. Melikian was awarded with the Person of the Year Award by the Tea & Coffee Trade Journal in 2002.
After Rudd-Melikian was sold and became Refreshment Machinery, Melikian and their sons founded Automatic Brewers & Coffee Devices (Conshohocken, PA). Melikian had designed a method of sandwiching finely ground roast coffee between two long strips of filter paper, supplied in rolls for the RMi fresh-brew machine.
Melikian's entrepreneurial spirit and passion lives on through their grandchildren Pearce Fielding Lockwood, Alexander Melikian, Anayis Melikian, Armen Melikian, Hunter Harrison, and Casey Harrison. All of whom had the rare privilege of learning from Mr. Melikian himself.
Patents
References
External links
1920 births
2008 deaths
American people of Armenian descent
Businesspeople in coffee
20th-century American inventors
Louise Beebe Wilder (1878–1938) was an American gardening writer and designer whose books are now considered classics of their era.
Biography
Louise Beebe was born to a well-to-do family in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1878. They showed an early interest in gardening.
In 1902, they married architect Walter Robb Wilder, and the couple moved to Pomona, New York, where they transformed the rural property (known as Balderbrae), adding pathways, a pair of half-moon fountains, a grape arbor, terraces, flowering trees, a walled garden, and an herb bed. Later, they moved a bit further south to the village of Bronxville, where they designed Station Plaza and founded a local Working Gardeners Club (1925). They designed residential gardens across the county; their philosophy, influenced by the aesthetic of British gardener Gertrude Jekyll, was to create something "formal in design but most informal in execution".
Wilder wrote ten books about their experiences as a gardener that were popular for offering clear, explicit advice rather than flowery nature writing. They also wrote for newspapers and gardening and shelter magazines such as Horticulture, House & Garden, and the New York Times. In particular, they took up the challenge of adapting Jekyll's aesthetic—developed for a substantially different climate and range of plant species—to the needs of American gardeners. The title of their second book, Colour in My Garden, deliberately echoes Jekyll's influential 1908 book Colour in the Flower Garden.
Wilder's "socio-botanical commentaries"—as author Michael Pollan termed them—captured the spirit of a moment in America when suburban gardening and its attendant forms of landscape design were on the rise and an older, more formal style of large estate garden was in decline. A New York Times editor called them a Romantic, but one "with a strong vein of scientific curiosity that they exercised on a domestic scale.” Another New York Times editor, after noting that they were conversant with both classic British and recent American horticultural literature, praised them for the sharpness of their field observations. I books—especially Colour in My Garden—are now considered classics, and in 2001 some were reissued as a four-volume collection, The Louise Beebe Wilder Gardener's Library: Four Classic Books by America's Greatest Garden Writer.
Wilder also served on the board of the New York Botanical Garden.
Walter committed suicide in 1934, and Wilder themselves died April 20, 1938.
Awards
They were honored with the Garden Club of America's Gold Medal for Horticultural Achievement in 1937.
Publications
My Garden (1916)
Colour in My Garden (1918; limited edition of 1500 with color plates by artist Anna Winegar)
Adventures in My Garden and Rock Garden (1923)
Pleasures and Problems of a Rock Garden (1928)
Adventures in a Suburban Garden (1931)
The Fragrant Path (1932)
The Rock Garden (1933)
What Happens in My Garden (1935)
Adventures with Hardy Bulbs (1936)
The Garden in Color (1937)
Notes
References
1878 births
1938 deaths
Garden writers
American horticulturists
Writers from Baltimore
Open water swimming at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held from 25 October to 26 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Medalists
Men
Women
Medal table
Results
Men
5 km
25 October
10 km
26 October
Women
5 km
25 October
10 km
26 October
References
Official site
2008 Asian Beach Games events
Asian Beach Games
2008
The 2015 Copa Venezuela was the 46th staging of the Copa Venezuela. The winner qualified for the 2016 Copa Sudamericana.
First round
Teams entering this round: 2 teams from Venezuelan Primera División and 12 teams from Venezuelan Segunda División.
First legs: July 8, 21, 22; Second legs: July 15, 29.
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Oriental Group
|}
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Occidental Group
|}
Second round
Teams entering this round: 14 teams from Venezuelan Primera División, 7 teams from Venezuelan Segunda División.
First legs: July 29, August 5; Second legs: August 5, 12, 13.
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Oriental Group
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Occidental Group
|}
Round of 16
Teams entering this round: Deportivo La Guaira (2014 Copa Venezuela champion), Deportivo Táchira (2014–15 Venezuelan Primera División champion).
First legs: August 19, 26; Second legs: August 26, September 2.
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Oriental Group
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Occidental Group
|}
Quarterfinals
First legs: September 9; Second legs: September 16, 23
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Oriental Group
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Occidental Group
|}
Semifinals
First legs: September 23, 30; Second legs: October 1, 7
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Oriental Group
|-
!colspan=5|Central & Occidental Group
|}
Final
First leg: October 21; Second leg: October 28
|}
External links
Official website of the Venezuelan Football Federation
Copa Venezuela 2015, Soccerway.com
Copa Venezuela
Venezuela
2015 in Venezuelan football
Self-Destructive Pattern is the third album by the American industrial metal band Spineshank. It was released on September 9, 2003 by Roadrunner Records. The single "Smothered" was nominated for a Grammy in the category of Best Metal Performance (2004).
Track listing
All lyrics by Tommy Decker and Jonny Santos.
All music by Tommy Decker and Mike Sarkisyan.
"Violent Mood Swings" – 3:29
"Slavery" – 2:55
"Smothered" – 3:07
"Consumed (Obsessive Compulsive)" – 3:06
"Beginning of the End" – 3:32
"Forgotten" – 3:19
"Self-Destructive Pattern" – 3:16
"Tear Me Down" – 3:42
"Stillborn" – 4:15
"Falls Apart" – 2:56
"Fallback" – 3:15
"Dead to Me" – 3:36
B-sides
"Infected" – 4:15 (bonus track for Japanese edition)
"On Deaf Ears" – 3:37 (appears on Roadrunner Roadrage 2003 sampler)
"Don't Look Back" – 3:37 (appears on studio recording video in low quality)
Personnel
Musicians
Jonny Santos – vocals
Mike Sarkisyan – guitar, co-producer, assistant digital editor
Robert Garcia – bass, backing vocals
Tommy Decker – drums, electronics, programming, co-producer, assistant digital editor
Credits
GGGarth – Producer
Ted Jensen – Mastering
Frank Gryner – Engineering, Recording, Additional programming
Scott Humphrey – Engineering, Recording, Additional programming
Brad Kane – Additional Vocals
Jay Baumgardner – Mixing
Mark Kiczula – Assistant mixer
Ben "Game Over" Kaplan – Digital editing
Jeff Rothschild – Assistant digital editor
Anthony "Fu" Valcic – Assistant digital editor
Other media
The songs "Beginning of the End" and "Slavery" were featured in the 2003 film Freddy vs. Jason, but only "Beginning of the End" was featured on the soundtrack as well as Transformers: The Last Knight.
Charts
References
2003 albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Spineshank albums
Albums produced by Garth Richardson
Hoseynabad (, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 164, in 48 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Cocking is a village, parish and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England. The village is about three miles (5 km) south of Midhurst on the main A286 road to Chichester.
In the 2001 census there were 190 households in the civil parish with a total population of 459 of whom 223 were economically active. In 2011, the population was 420.
History and notable buildings
Cocking (Cochinges) was listed in the Domesday Book (1086) in the ancient hundred of Easebourne as having 32 households: 18 cottagers, eight smallholders and six slaves; with ploughing land, five mills and a church, it had a value to the lord of the manor of £15.
The 11th century Anglican parish church had no known dedication until 2007 when it was dedicated to St. Catherine of Siena. There was a Congregational Chapel in Crypt Lane, founded in 1806 and rebuilt in 1907, which is now closed.
In the centre of the village, on the corner of Mill Lane, stands the old school, now a private residence. This was built in 1870 to the designs of architects Richard Carpenter and William Slater. The school has Gothic-style windows and door arches, is faced in flint, and has a red-tiled roof and decorative barge-boards to the gables. The former schoolmaster's house has a distinctive chimney-stack with four outlets.
To the south of the village are the remains of Cocking Lime Works, abandoned in 1999, and the associated chalk pit. To the north are a few traces of the Chorley Iron Foundry, which cast the waterwheels now at the Weald and Downland Open Air Museum and at the Coultershaw Beam Pump.
There still remain in the village some houses of 17th century origin. In 1931 the population of the village was 431.
There was a Richard Cobden pub in Cocking which closed and became a private residence in the 20th century. Richard Cobden lived in nearby Heyshott.
Transport
A railway once used to serve the area at Cocking Station, on the Chichester to Midhurst line opened in 1881, but was completely closed from 1953. The village is on the Stagecoach South No.60 bus route which runs from Midhurst to Chichester.
Today
A number of buildings in the village belong to the Cowdray Estate, distinguished by their external woodwork painted yellow.
The remaining village pub, formerly The Blue Bell, became a restaurant with accommodation called The Bluebell Inn, and stands on the corner of Bell Lane.
Cocking is on the South Downs Way long-distance footpath.
References
External links
Village website
Further historical information and sources on GENUKI
Detailed history and sources at British History Online
Villages in West Sussex
Chichester District
Cinecittà Studios (; Italian for Cinema City Studios), is a large film studio in Rome, Italy. With an area of 400,000 square metres (99 acres), it is the largest film studio in Europe, and is considered the hub of Italian cinema. The studios were constructed during the Fascist era as part of a plan to revive the Italian film industry.
Filmmakers such as Federico Fellini, Roberto Rossellini, Luchino Visconti, Sergio Leone, Bernardo Bertolucci, Francis Ford Coppola, Martin Scorsese, and Mel Gibson have worked at Cinecittà. More than 3,000 movies have been filmed there, of which 90 received an Academy Award nomination and 47 of these won it. In the 1950s, the number of international productions being made there led to Rome being dubbed "Hollywood on the Tiber."
History
The studios were founded in 1937 by Benito Mussolini, their son Vittorio, and their head of cinema Luigi Freddi under the slogan "Il cinema è l'arma più forte" ("Cinema is the most powerful weapon"). The purpose was not only for propaganda, but also to support the recovering Italian feature film industry, which had reached its low point in 1931. Mussolini themselves inaugurated the studios on 21 April 1937. Post-production units and sets were constructed and heavily used initially. Early films such as Scipio Africanus (1937) and The Iron Crown (1941) showcased the technological advancement of the studios. Seven thousand people were involved in the filming of the battle scene from Scipio Africanus, and live elephants were brought in as a part of the re-enactment of the Battle of Zama.
The studios were bombed by the Western Allies during the bombing of Rome in World War II. Following the war, between 1945 and 1947, the studios of Cinecittà were used as a displaced persons' camp for a period of about two years, following German occupation and Allied bombing that destroyed parts of the studio. An estimated 3,000 refugees lived there, divided into two camps: an Italian camp housing Italians as well as displaced people from Italian Libya and Dalmatia, and an international camp, including refugees from Yugoslavia, Poland, Egypt, Iran, and China.
After rebuilding in the postwar years, the studios were used once again for their post-production facilities. In the 1950s, Cinecittà, described as Hollywood on the Tiber, was the location for several large American film productions, like Roman Holiday (1953), Beat the Devil (1953), The Barefoot Contessa (1954), Ben-Hur (1959), and some low-budget action pictures starring Lex Barker. Barker also featured in Federico Fellini's La Dolce Vita (1960) and the studios were for many years closely associated with Fellini.
In the same period, the studios were used for further international productions such as Francis of Assisi (1961), Cleopatra (1963), The Agony and the Ecstasy (1965), Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet (1968), Fellini's Casanova (1976), La Traviata (1982) and many other productions.
It hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 1991. This was the 36th Eurovision Song Contest and was held on Stage 15. Due to the Gulf War and mounting tensions in Yugoslavia, RAI decided to move the contest from Sanremo to Rome which was perceived to be more secure.
After a period of near-bankruptcy, the Italian Government privatized Cinecittà in 1997, selling an 80% stake. On August 9, 2007, a fire destroyed about 3,000 m² (32,000 sq. ft.) of the Cinecittà lot and surroundings. The historic part that houses the sets of classics such as Ben-Hur was not damaged; however, a good portion of the original sets from the HBO/BBC series Rome was destroyed. In July 2012, another fire damaged Teatro 5, the vast studio where Fellini filmed La Dolce Vita and Satyricon (1969). A third fire in August 2022 destroyed part of a partially dismantled set depicting Renaissance-era Florence and disrupted filming of the sequel to The Old Guard.
Since the 1990s, films have included Anthony Minghella's The English Patient (1996), Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York (2002), Wes Anderson's The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou (2004) and Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ (2004).
Notable TV productions
Cinecittà also hosts TV productions, such as Grande Fratello, the Italian version of Big Brother, where the Big Brother house is built on Cinecittà's premises. The complex also hosted the Eurovision Song Contest 1991.
In addition, the BBC/HBO series Rome was filmed there from 2004 to 2007, the show being widely acclaimed for its sets and designs. BBC Wales reused some of these sets for an episode of the 2008 series of Doctor Who set in ancient Pompeii, and Alexandre Astier reused this set for the Book VI of their television series Kaamelott set in Ancient Rome.
More recently, Paolo Sorrentino's series The Young Pope and The New Pope were almost entirely shot at Cinecittà, including reconstruction of the interiors of the Sistine Chapel and Saint Peter's Basilica. The 2019 film The Two Popes sections of which were also shot at Cinecittà, again utilised a reconstruction of the Sistine Chapel.
Cinecittà World
In 2009 the studio announced that they intended to create a theme park. The movie-themed amusement park, Cinecittà World, opened in July 2014. The €250 million theme park is located approximately 25 km (16 mi) southwest of Cinecittà studios, on the site of a former movie studio built by Dino De Laurentiis in the 1960s.
Cinecittà World was designed by Dante Ferretti, a production designer who has won three Academy Awards. Visitors enter Cinecittà World through the jaws of the Temple of Moloch, seen in Cabiria, a silent movie filmed in Turin in 1914. The theme park also features a recreation of 1920s-era Manhattan as envisioned by Ferretti.
Cinecittà World expects to have 1.5 million visitors annually. Expansion plans for the theme park include a nature reserve and a wellness center.
Gallery
See also
Cinecittà metro station
References
External links
History of Cinecittà
RAI International:Cinecittà
Documents Cinecitta'
Italian film studios
Cinema of Rome
Subdivisions of Rome
Film production districts
Government-owned companies of Italy
State-owned film companies
Entertainment companies established in 1937
Mass media companies established in 1937
Italian companies established in 1937
Film production companies of Italy
Rome Q. XXIV Don Bosco
Italian fascist architecture
Thicke is an Old English Surname, and derives from a nickname thick, someone who was plump or fat. that may refer to:
Alan Thicke, Canadian actor, songwriter, comedian, game and talk show host
Robin Thicke, American singer, songwriter and record producer
Sir Hardin Thicke, fictional British presenter of the Master Tape Theatre radio show
Todd Thicke, Canadian television writer and producer
See also
Thicke of the Night, American late night talk show
Thick (disambiguation)
Hopong Township () is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Hopong, Pa'O Self-Administered Zone.
Hopong has many famous places, like Htam Sam Cave and Mway Taw Pagoda. Many visitors from different parts of the country enjoy going to Htam Sam Cave, which is not only a beauty spot for nature lovers, but also a place with numerous Buddha images which attract many Buddhist pilgrimages. Near the cave, moreover, free delicious vegetarian meal is served which is well worth enjoying. Mway Taw Pagoda is an impressive pagoda in the centre of the town which is the most significant religious site in Hopong.
Townships of Shan State
Youth for Western Civilization (YWC) was a student group registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in the United States. The group became a corporation in 2006 and began actively organizing in 2008. Kevin DeAnna founded the organization. Its honorary chairperson was former Colorado US Representative Tom Tancredo.
The group opposed what it viewed as "radical multiculturalism, socialism, and mass immigration" and a "poisonous and bigoted leftist campus climate". It also opposed affirmative action on college campuses.
YWC was a more conservative and issue-specific alternative to groups such as the College Republicans (CRs), although many of its leaders and members were also involved in the CRs; the YWC was represented at the 2009 National CR Convention.
YWC was organized on at least seven university campuses. According to its website, the group hoped to inspire Western youth on the "basis of pride in their American and Western heritage", defeat "leftism on campus", and create a right-wing subculture as an alternative to what it calls a "poisonous and bigoted" campus climate.
Mission statement
YWC's mission statement was "to organize, educate, and train activists dedicated to the revival of Western Civilization":
Organize: Youth for Western Civilization will identify and organize students to form chapters that will host speakers, protests, educational events, and other activities to promote discourse and inspire action on issues of importance to the survival of our civilization.
Educate: Youth for Western Civilization will print a publication and host study groups and discussions for the benefit of our members and the public at large.
Train: Youth for Western Civilization will host conferences, training workshops, and education in political technology to make members more effective in executing the goals stated above.
The mission page stated that YWC had "the self-evident right and duty to work for the survival of our own culture and civilization". It asserted that "Western Civilization has also given priceless gifts to the rest of humankind, including advances in medicine, the arts, and scientific exploration" and that it received "continual assault and hatred" from the "radical left".
Chapters
YWC had chapters at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Vanderbilt University, American University, Elon University, the University of Connecticut-Storrs, Liberty University, Boise State University, Bentley University, and Towson University; there was also a chapter at Providence College recognized by the national organization but not by the school.
Logo
The logo of YWC, in black and white, featured a hand gripping an object. According to the group, the object was a hammer carried by Charles Martel, who stopped the impending Islamic expansion into Europe during its early years. However, the logo was criticized by some who say it closely resembled a fasces.
Activism
YWC members engaged in a range of activities, including protesting a performance of The Vagina Monologues, and bringing speakers such as Tom Tancredo, Robert Spencer, and Bay Buchanan to university campuses. They also invited white supremacist Richard B. Spencer at Vanderbilt University in 2010 and Rhodes College in 2011.
On October 5, 2009, the Vanderbilt YWC chapter protested at the site of a Wachovia Bank in Nashville because of Wachovia's affiliation with the now-defunct Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
Tom Tancredo incident
On April 14, 2009, campus police at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill used pepper spray and the threat of Tasers against protesters outside the room where Tom Tancredo was scheduled to speak to YWC against in-state tuition benefits for illegal immigrants. The group's president, Riley Matheson, attempted to introduce Tancredo but was shouted down by protesters. When Tancredo appeared, they were booed with shouts of "racist" and "white supremacist". They attempted for several minutes to speak but was repeatedly shouted down.
A window was smashed a few feet from Tancredo. Two protesters held a sign reading "No Dialogue with Hate" in front of Tancredo's face. Tancredo was eventually escorted out of the room by the police.
Tancredo later claimed that a police officer accidentally broke Tancredo's middle toe by stomping on their foot, as the officer attempted to escort the speaker through a crowd of protesters.
UNC-Chapel Hill chancellor Holden Thorp and UNC System President Erskine Bowles called Tancredo to apologize for the incident. The head of the American Civil Liberties Union in North Carolina said that the video of the incident was "chilling" and "de facto censorship".
Tancredo returned to UNC-Chapel Hill on April 25 to speak, again at the invitation of YWC. During their second appearance, Tancredo gave a brief speech entitled "Is Western civilization worth saving?" They were interrupted once, when two thirds of the audience stood up, chanted "No human being is illegal" and filed out of the room. Tancredo finished their speech and took questions while protesters rallied in the Pit, outside.
Cramer resignation
On September 18, 2009, Elliot Cramer, the faculty adviser for the University of North Carolina branch of the YWC, resigned after writing in an e-mail that they had a gun and knew how to use it. The e-mail came in response to brochures opposing the organization and had Cramer's photograph, home address and telephone number. It said in bold letters, "Why is your professor supporting white supremacy?"
Nikhil Patel, president of the university's chapter of the YWC, sent an e-mail to Cramer notifying them of the brochures and saying that they were concerned for their safety. Cramer responded to the e-mail with "I have a Colt 45 and I know how to use it. I used to be able to hit a quarter at 50 feet seven times out of 10." Cramer also sent Patel's letter and their reply to the chancellor of the university, Holden Thorp.
Thorp then contacted Cramer, expressing concern that this e-mail might be used against the university and ultimately asked them to resign from the faculty adviser position. They said Cramer's statement was "highly inappropriate and not consistent with the civil discourse we are trying to achieve". Cramer explained to the chancellor that this was not meant to be taken seriously but that the chancellor should know about the distribution of these brochures.
Three advisers were appointed to replace Cramer.
References
Anti-immigration politics in the United States
Youth organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 2008
Far-right organizations in the United States
Organizations disestablished in 2012
Youth politics in the United States
Student political organizations in the United States
Political youth organizations in the United States
Pêro de Ataíde or Pedro d'Ataíde (d'Atayde, da Thayde), nicknamed O Inferno (Hell), (c. 1450 – February/March, 1504, Mozambique Island) was a Portuguese sea captain in the Indian Ocean active in the early 1500s. They were briefly captain of the first permanent Portuguese fleet in the Indian Ocean, taking over from Vicente Sodré, and the author of a famous letter giving an account of its fate.
Background
According to chronicler Gaspar Correia, Pêro de Ataíde was a "very honored nobleman, a good knight, of virtuous condition" They were one of the three known illegitimate sons of Pedro de Ataíde, Abbot of Penalva do Castelo, themselves an illegitimate son of D. Álvaro Gonçalves de Ataíde, the 1st Count of Atouguia. Their brothers were Vasco de Ataíde and Álvaro Gonçalves de Ataíde.
It is sometimes suggested that Pêro de Ataíde was a relative of Portuguese admiral Vasco da Gama. This is probably an error resulting from confusing two unconnected (or only very remotely connected) Portuguese noble families which happen to have the same name - the Ataídes of Atouguia and the Ataídes of Alvor (Algarve). Vasco da Gama married Catarina de Ataíde, daughter of the alcaide-mór of Alvor. There is no indication that they were connected to Pêro's family. That members of both Ataíde families were involved in the early construction of the Portuguese Empire in the East Indies has led some historians to assume they were related and contributed to the confusion.
First journey to India
In 1500, Pêro de Ataíde and their older brother Vasco de Ataíde joined the 2nd India Armada under the command of Pedro Álvares Cabral. Pêro de Ataíde was appointed captain of the São Pedro, a small 70-tonne carrack or square-rigged caravel. Their brother Vasco was captain of another unnamed ship.
The armada set out of Lisbon in March 1500, and went on to discover Brazil. Vasco de Ataíde was lost with their ship in late May while attempting to round the Cape of Good Hope
In their most famous exploit in India, Pêro de Ataíde was assigned by Cabral to intercept an Arab smuggling ship with a cargo of war elephants, on behalf of the Zamorin of Calicut. The Zamorin themselves came to the beach to watch the spectacle, only to leave in disgust when the smuggler deftly slipped past Ataíde's ship. Ataíde gave chase and eventually caught up with it near Cannanore. Ataide personally led their little crew in boarding and defeating the much larger smugglers' crew, and brought back the seized ship with its cargo nearly intact (one pachyderm died in the fighting). Cabral handed the ship and the elephants over to the Zamorin as a gift.
Relations between Cabral and the Zamorin however deteriorated not long after, and the Portuguese were expelled from Calicut.
In April, 1501, on the return journey from India, while pausing at Mozambique Island, the ships were reshuffled and sent off in different waves. Pêro de Ataíde was ordered by Cabral to give their ship, the São Pedro, over to vice-admiral Sancho de Tovar (Tovar had run their own ship aground). Ataíde was given command of the larger unnamed nau (or carrack) of Nicolau Coelho (who was in turn transferred over to another ship.) Ataíde was instructed to accompany Cabral and another captain, Simão de Miranda, on the return to Portugal. But Ataíde had difficulties with their heavy-laden, less-maneouverable ship and got separated from the other two around Cape Correntes. They hurried to the usual watering hole, Aguada de São Brás (Mossel Bay) hoping to find them there, but to no avail.
At São Brás, Ataíde wrote a letter relating the state of affairs in India, and warning future Portuguese captains to avoid Calicut, which was now hostile. Ataíde placed the letter in a shoe at Post Office Tree, which they hung by the watering hole in Mossel Bay. Ataíde's letter was found later that year by João da Nova, admiral of the outgoing 3rd armada.
Ataide proceeded on their return journey by himself, finally catching up with the others at Bezeguiche (Dakar, Senegal) in late June. They arrived in Lisbon in July, 1501.
Second journey to India
Pêro de Ataíde set out again for India in February 1502, commanding a carrack, the São Paulo, as part of the 4th India Armada of admiral Vasco da Gama. They participated in the many events related to that armada.
In February, 1503, as the armada was about to return to Portugal, Pêro de Ataíde was appointed as captain of one of the six caravels that were to remain behind in India as a naval patrol under the command of Vicente Sodré (uncle of Vasco da Gama). This patrol was the first permanent Portuguese fleet in the Indian Ocean. According to some lists, their co-captains were Brás Sodré (Vicente's brother), Pêro Rafael, Diogo Pires and Fernão Rodrigues Bardaças. Correia gives a different list, and says Pêro de Ataíde was assigned the small nau brought to India by a certain João Fernandes de Mello. It is uncertain who brought Ataíde's carrack, the São Paulo, back to Lisbon.
The naval patrol was ordered by Vasco da Gama to remain close to the Indian coast and protect the Portuguese factories in Cochin and Cannanore. However, after the armada's departure, Vicente Sodré invoked their credentials and led the patrol across the ocean, into the Gulf of Aden, to prey on Arab ships going in and out of the Red Sea. The patrol captains, already upset at leaving the factories unprotected, nearly mutinied when the Sodré brothers set about claiming the lion's share of the booty from captured Arab ships for themselves.
In April 1503, the patrol anchored in at the Khuriya Muriya Islands (off the coast of Oman). They were warned by local inhabitants that a seasonal tempest was forming and that they had better move their ships to a shielded part of the island. Most of the captains went accordingly, but Vicente Sodré and Brás Sodré refused. As predicted, the tempest sunk the ships of the Sodré brothers.
The remaining captains elected Pêro de Ataíde as the new captain-major of the patrol. They oversaw the repairs and organized the partitioning of the remaining crews and supplies among the four ships, and then set the patrol on course back to India. Bad weather and contrary winds made it a difficult journey, and they were forced to stop in Anjediva island off the Malabar coast for lengthy repairs. Four days after they arrived, they were surprised to be joined by the caravel of António do Campo (he had been part of the 4th Armada, but had gotten separated back in 1502).
Questions have been raised about the lengthy immobilization of the patrol in Angediva. Given communications along the Indian coast, it would be almost impossible for Ataíde not to be aware that, at that very moment, the Portuguese factory in Cochin was being besieged by the Zamorin of Calicut, and that their compatriots were desperately holding out. It must be assumed that the damage to the patrol ships was too severe to prevent them from sailing to the rescue.
[Alternative accounts (esp. Gaspar Correia) however state that most of the intervening time was actually spent stuck on Kura Muria islands, and that the patrol only reached Anjediva in late August and that Ataíde intended to head immediately for Cochin, but was dissuaded from that by the Kolathiri Raja of Cannanore, who warned them they did not have nearly enough men (est. 150) to confront the army of Calicut, and persuaded them to await for reinforcements from the next Portuguese armada, whose scheduled arrival was imminent.]
The patrol was still lingering in Anjediva (or in Cannanore according to Correia) in late August/early September when Francisco de Albuquerque, leading the vanguard squad of the 5th Armada stumbled across them. Albuquerque helped the patrol finish their repairs and annexed them to their squad. They proceeded to Cochin and forced the Zamorin to lift the siege.
In the aftermath, Pêro de Ataíde took a leading role in several amphibian attacks around the Vembanad lagoon, to punish local princelets who had collaborated with the Zamorin against Cochin.
Ataíde in Mozambique
In January, 1504, Afonso de Albuquerque began organizing the return journey, and determined that Pêro de Ataíde was to captain one of the spice-laden naus back to Lisbon (according to Correia, Ataíde was given command of the Espírito Santo that had been brought to India by Duarte Pacheco Pereira, who was to remain behind.).
Pêro de Ataíde set out with the first return wave on January 30, 1504, accompanied by two other ships, the nau of Fernão Martins de Almada and the caravel of António do Campo. A disagreement over the course led them to part ways, and Ataíde alighted on the East African coast (around Kilwa) by himself. Proceeding down along the coast (at too much speed, according to Castanheda), Ataíde's heavy-laden ship ran into shoals and capsized. The exact location is uncertain, but probably around the shoals of São Lázaro (modern day Quirimbas Islands, Mozambique). Ataíde lost the ship and cargo, but most of the crew managed to make it safely to the nearby shore. Stranded without supplies and far away from any large settlement (only a small peasant hamlet of four huts was found nearby), Ataíde set aboard a longboat with some fifteen crew members hoping to reach Mozambique Island, promising to arrange for a rescue party to pick up the remainder.
Upon their arrival in Mozambique, Ataíde arranged for the Sheikh of Mozambique to dispatch two paraus to pick up their shipwrecked crew. As they were about to depart, the ship of António do Campo appeared in Mozambique harbor. However, despite Ataíde's entreaties, Campo refused to join the rescue mission. Indeed, if Ataíde's account is to be believed, Campo even refused to share any of their supplies or cash with Ataíde or the shipwrecked crew, leaving them to "beg the Moors" for food. Campo set out once again, taking only two or three of Ataíde's sailors, leaving the rest behind in Mozambique.
Evidently thinking that Campo would deliver an unfavorable report in Lisbon, Pêro de Ataíde, already feverishly ill (probably malaria), set down to compose their famous letter to King Manuel I of Portugal in February, 1504, hoping to send it forward on the next Portuguese ship. In the letter, Ataíde gives an account of the travails of Vicente Sodré's Indian Ocean patrol, and the behavior (and fate) of the Sodré brothers (Brás Sodré comes out as the villain of the story). They proceed to explain the loss of their ship, complete with repeated impeachments of the character and behavior of António do Campo. They round off the letter reminding the king of their loyal service and petitioning the monarch to bestow upon them the offices and benefices of the citadel of Tomar, which had belonged to the late Vicente Sodré.
Pêro de Ataíde died shortly after finishing the letter. The outgoing 6th Armada under Lopo Soares de Albergaria picked up Ataíde's letter in late July 1504, when it stopped by Mozambique Island.
Notes
Sources
Pêro de Ataíde "Carta de Pero de Atayde a El-rei D. Manuel, Fevereiro 20, 1504", as published in Bulhão Pato, R.A. editor, 1898, Cartas de Affonso de Albuquerque, seguidas de documentos que as elucidam. Lisbon: Academia Real de Sciencias, vol. 2 p.262-268.
Aubin, J. (1995) "Preface", in Voyages de Vasco de Gama: relations des expéditions de 1497-1499 & 1502-1503. Paris: Chandeigne.
João de Barros (1552–59) Décadas da Ásia: Dos feitos, que os Portuguezes fizeram no descubrimento, e conquista, dos mares, e terras do Oriente..
Fernão Lopes de Castanheda (1551–1560) História do descobrimento & conquista da Índia pelos portugueses [1833 edition] Lib 1, Ch. 44
Gaspar Correia (c. 1550s) Lendas da Índia, pub. 1858-64, Lisbon: Academia Real de Sciencias
Manuel de Faria e Sousa (1666) Asia Portuguesa, Vol. 1.
Damião de Goes (1566–67) Crónica do Felicíssimo Rei D. Manuel
João Paulo Oliveira e Costa, (2000) Descobridores do Brasil: exploradores do Atlântico e construtores do Estado da Índia. Sociedade Histórica da Independência de Portugal
Visconde de Sanches da Baena (1897) O Descobridor do Brazil, Pedro Alvares Cabral: memoria apresentada á Academia real das sciencias de Lisboa. Lisbon online
Subrahmanyam, S. (1997) The Career and Legend of Vasco da Gama. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press.
Whiteway, R. S. (1899) The Rise of Portuguese Power in India, 1497-1550. Westminster: Constable.
Portuguese explorers
Maritime history of Portugal
16th-century explorers
1504 deaths
History of Mozambique
Portuguese in Kerala
1450 births
15th-century Portuguese people
Explorers of Asia
Explorers of Africa
Explorers of India
16th-century Portuguese people
William Adolphus Hirschberg (1 December 1881 – 30 July 1963) was an Australian international rugby union player.
Hirschberg, a flanker, was born in Armidale, New South Wales and claimed one international rugby cap for Australia, playing against New Zealand, in Dunedin, on 2 September 1905. They had already played for New South Wales against New Zealand.
Hirschberg participated in the first inter-state game played in Western Australia, held in 1907, where they played as a forward for the winning team, New South Wales. They played another inter-state game against Queensland in 1910.
References
1881 births
1963 deaths
Australia international rugby union players
Australian rugby union players
Rugby union players from Armidale, New South Wales
Rugby union flankers
George "Lofty" Holloway is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Tom Watt. Lofty is one of the serial's near-original characters, making their first appearance in the third episode, which was first broadcast on 26 February 1985. Lofty is generally depicted as a meek, luckless and hapless victim. A long-running storyline concerns their relationship with the character Michelle Fowler (Susan Tully). Lofty departed in the episode that was first broadcast on 19 April 1988. Watt's return to the soap for a single episode was announced in December 2018. They returned for the funeral of Dr. Harold Legg (Leonard Fenton) in episode 5871, originally broadcast on 19 February 2019.
Storylines
George Holloway, nicknamed "Lofty" due to their above average height, serves in the army but has to leave because they suffer with chronic asthma; they settle in Walford and gets a job as a bartender at The Queen Victoria public house.
Lofty is devoted to their aunt Irene (Katherine Parr), who lives in a hospice, stricken with inoperable cancer. They take on the task of caring and visiting them and is devastated when they eventually die in 1987. They grow close to Michelle Fowler (Susan Tully) after they become pregnant in 1985 and refuses to name the father: Lofty's employer, Den Watts (Leslie Grantham), is the actual father although Lofty never discovers this. Michelle finds the prospect of bringing up a child daunting. Lofty struggles to see Michelle unhappy and chivalrously offers to marry them and help bring up their baby, Vicki, as their own. Although Michelle does not love Lofty, they accept their proposal, realising that they can never be with their baby's real father. However, on their wedding day, Michelle is visited by Den in secret and this makes Michelle reconsider their options; they jilt Lofty at the altar, devastating him.
When Michelle changes their mind months later, Lofty is overjoyed and sneaks Michelle away for a secret wedding. Money is sparse for the couple and Michelle is never truly happy; they quickly tire of Lofty. When Lofty begins pressuring Michelle to have a baby with them and to allow them to adopt Vicki, they are unwilling. They discover that they are pregnant with Lofty's child and has an abortion. Lofty is devastated by Michelle's betrayal and their marriage breaks down. They grow depressed about losing the child they wanted so badly and amidst continued hostility with Michelle, they leaf Walford and take a job working as a handyman in a children's home in Bedfordshire, leaving in April 1988 with only Den witnessing their departure. It is subsequently revealed that Lofty has become a social worker.
Over thirty years later in 2019, Lofty returns for the funeral of Dr. Harold Legg (Leonard Fenton), where they reunite with old friends, Dot Branning (June Brown), Mary Smith (Linda Davidson), Sharon Mitchell (Letitia Dean), and Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth), and explains that they now own 15 pubs across London. They reminisce and before leaving, Lofty hands Michelle's brother, Martin Fowler (James Bye), a cheque for £20,000 to be given to Vicki.
Creation
Lofty is one of the original 23 characters invented by the creators of EastEnders, Tony Holland and Julia Smith. Both felt that to help complete the community there was a need for a character in their early twenties. They had to be someone a bit different. Not brash and confident like a lot of the older men, and not boisterous like the younger ones. A loner, maybe someone forced to be a loner. A person who "stuck out like a sore thumb". Someone that was happiest in a group but still couldn't find one that they fit in with. Tony Holland had previously been in the army and found that ex-soldiers had these problems when they tried to reintegrate as civilians. So they decided that Lofty would be an ex-soldier, forced to quit because of their asthma. They were happiest in the army and felt incomplete without the group setting, the all-male camaraderie and even the security of the uniformity that the army provides.
Lofty's original character outline as written by Smith and Holland appeared in an abridged form in their book, EastEnders: The Inside Story.
"Born of a working-class London family, which was very respectable: Church of England and ex-army...Lofty grew up in a house where their father was only really happy when reminiscing about their army days and their mother was ultra-possessive and narrow minded...His friends were always vetted...He grew up to despise their mother and have a tolerant pity for their father...His best moments came in the Boy Scouts, the summer camp, and the feeling of belonging...On their eighteenth birthday, they walked into an army careers office and from then until the age of twenty-one had the happiest years of their life in the RASC...He adored the army – It gave them a uniform, and set the limits...Then the shock – they were discovered to be physically unfit...Dormant asthma...He was invalided out of the service...And, they had no taste for civilian life...His Auntie Irene (now in a hospice) secured the flat above Ethel Skinner's for Lofty...He misses the security of the Army...He works in the pub – cash in hand." (page 60)
The invention of Lofty had been an afterthought, and during the casting they were still considered as something of an "enigma" to the creators and writers alike. This had made casting difficult as Holland and Smith were unsure about what they were looking for. The actor Tom Watt was suggested by one of the writers. Holland and Smith liked that their physical appearance (gauche and childlike) made them stand out (they likened them to the accident-prone sitcom character, Frank Spencer). It was decided that these attributes fitted the character perfectly and Watt was subsequently cast in the role.
Development
The BBC's official EastEnders website describes Lofty as "a mug although a lovable one". In 1987, Bob Shields of the Evening Times described Lofty as a "portable funeral". They added, "Beneath the facade of their National Health glasses smoulders the fire and passion of a cold toilet seat."
One of the most notable storylines Lofty was involved with was their marriage to the teenage mother, Michelle Fowler (Susan Tully). Michelle and Lofty's church wedding was a massive target of press speculation before the episodes aired. They wanted to know two things, firstly the design of Michelle's dress, and secondly whether or not they would jilt Lofty at the altar.
Anticipating a press furore, it was decided to shoot the wedding in a church in private grounds where the press would not have access. However the press still turned up in large numbers, and security men had to be hired to keep cameramen away from the story action. Huge lorries were parked in front of the entrance to the church so that nothing could be seen, and the cast arrived in disguise. Finally strong lights were shone into the eyes of the journalists and photographers, making them extremely angry, and they constantly tried to gain access to the grounds by breaking the security barrier and telling the production team that they were really extras needed inside the church.
The entire episode was written by David Ashton, and was devoted to Lofty and Michelle's wedding day. At the time it was deemed as one of the best cliffhangers of the series, with the episode ending as the bride arrives at the church door and hesitates. Michelle and Lofty's eventual marriage helped to consolidate a fast-growing audience. The young couple had come together under enormously difficult circumstances. The subsequent storylines were purposefully built to keep the audience guessing about the future of their relationship. Were they married for the wrong reasons? Would the relationship survive? and what would happen if Lofty wanted a child that was their own?
The character remained in the show for three years, and eventually departed in 1988 when the actor decided to move on. On screen, Lofty, heart-broken after Michelle's abortion, moves on to become a handyman in a children's home.
In 2009, when asked if there was a chance they would return as Lofty, Watt told Patrick McLennan of What's on TV: "I get the feeling that people think I'm ashamed of EastEnders; like it's some dirty thing in my past. But I had a fantastic time on that show and Lofty was loved by nobody more than the person who played him. I cannot think of anybody who had a better character to play. But I haven't been beating a path to their door, they haven't been beating a path to mine."
The BBC confirmed that Watt would reprise their role as Lofty, alongside Linda Davidson as Mary Smith, over thirty years since they departed, on 18 December. The characters return for the funeral of original character Doctor Legg (Leonard Fenton), who returned to the soap in 2018. Lofty appears in one episode broadcast in 2019. Executive consultant John Yorke invited Watt to reprise the role and described Lofty as a "huge iconic characters, and a central part of the show's DNA". They added that they were excited to have the characters return for one episode. Watt was pleased to be invited back to the soap and thought that it was "fitting" that Lofty returns for Doctor Legg's funeral. They commented, "I have nothing but good memories from my time on EastEnders so it will be lovely to set foot back in Albert Square all these years later."
Speaking to the Metro about their return to filming, Watt said: ‘We saw Letitia (Dean), Gill (Taylforth), June (Brown), Len (Fenton), some of the market stallholders are still the same people. You sort of pickup where you left off. You just start taking the piss again. We did have a laugh. ‘It was that kind of introduction back into the story, although Letitia is fantastic. We just have a couple of little scenes. When John (Yorke, producer) explained it, I thought ‘that sounds really good' and then the script came through and “yeah still sounds really good.”‘
Reception
In 1988, actor Kevin Kennedy who played Curly Watts in soap opera Coronation Street, which was EastEnders''' biggest television rival, criticised the character of Lofty. Kennedy claimed that Lofty was a direct copy of their character Curly: "As far as i'm concerned, Lofty was a straight lift. It really annoyed me when I saw it. Lofty even had the same hairstyle and glasses as Curly, they had the same caring but dithering nature. It was a perfect copy." Curly first appeared in Coronation Street in 1983, just under two years before Lofty first appeared in EastEnders in 1985.
Steve Tooze of the Daily Mirror'' branded the character a "daft, clueless geek who married 'Chelle Fowler, even though they were pregnant with Dirty Den's baby, and was duly dumped for their kind-heartedness."
References
External links
EastEnders characters
Fictional bartenders
Fictional British Army personnel
Television characters introduced in 1985
Male characters in television
Batman is a fictional superhero appearing in comic books published by DC Comics.
Batman or The Batman may also refer to:
Art, entertainment, and media
Characters
Batman (Terry McGinnis)
Batman (Thomas Wayne)
Batman (Earth-Two)
Batman of Zur-En-Arrh
Batman (Gotham television series character)
Batman (DC Extended Universe character)
Batman (Dark Knight trilogy character)
Batman (1989 film series character)
Print media
Batman (comic book), a comic book published from 1940 to the present, focusing on the mainstream version of the character
Batman (comic strip), in newspapers from 1943 to 1991
Batman (manga), several comic series published in Japan
Films
Batman (1966 film), based on the 1966 television series
Batman (1989 film)
Batman (serial), a 1943 film serial
The Batman (film), a 2022 film
Television
Batman (TV series), 1966–1968 television series
Batman: The Animated Series, a 1992 animated series
The Batman (TV series), a 2000s animated series
Batman: The Brave and the Bold, a 2008–2011 animated series
Video games
Batman (1986 video game), for Amstrad CPC, MSX, and ZX Spectrum
Batman (1989 video game), for Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, MS-DOS, MSX, and ZX Spectrum
Batman: The Video Game, released in 1989 for NES and Game Boy
Batman (Sega Genesis video game), released in 1990
Batman (1990 arcade game), released by Atari
Batman (2013 arcade game), released by Raw Thrills
Batman: The Telltale Series, released by Telltale Games in 2016
Batman: The Enemy Within, the sequel released by Telltale Games in 2017
Music
Batman (album), an album by Prince
Batman (score), the film score by Danny Elfman for the 1989 film
"The Batman Theme", theme to the 1989 film, appearing on Batman (score)
"Batman Theme", by Neal Hefti for the 1960s television show, and recorded by many artists since
Batman! (Jan and Dean song), based on the theme by Neal Hefti
"Batman", a 2017 song by Jaden Smith from the album Syre
The Batman (soundtrack), the film score by Michael Giacchino for the 2022 film
"The Batman", theme to the 2022 film, appearing on The Batman (soundtrack)
Toy line
Batman (2003 toy line), six-inch model figures
Places
Australia
Division of Batman, an electoral district in Melbourne, Victoria, named after one of the city's founders
Batman railway station
Iran
Batman, Iran, a village in Kermanshah Province, Iran
Turkey
Batman, Turkey, a city in the Southeastern Anatolia Region
Batman Province
Batman (electoral district)
Batman River
People
Batman (surname), a surname (and list of people with the name)
As nickname or stage name
Antonis Fotsis (born 1981), Greek basketball player also known as Batman
Haim Gozali (born 1973), Israeli mixed martial artist also known as Batman
Marques Houston (born 1981), American entertainer also known as Batman
Bershawn Jackson (born 1983), American athlete also known as Batman
Batman rapist, a UK murderer and rapist
Other uses
Batman (military), a soldier assigned as a personal valet to a commissioned officer
Batman (truck), a monster truck that debuted in 2006
Batman (unit), a historical unit of measure
Batman: The Ride, a steel inverted roller coaster
B.A.T.M.A.N., a mesh network routing protocol
Bayesian tool for methylation analysis, also known as BATMAN
Batman, a junior synonym of the fish genus Cryptocentrus
See also
Man-Bat, a DC Comics character
List of DC Comics characters named Batman, other superheroes who adopted the identity
Batman franchise media, for the DC Comics franchise
Batman and Robin (disambiguation)
Batman's Treaty, a treaty between John Batman and a group of Wurundjeri elders for the rental of Aboriginal lands
Bathmen, a municipality in the Netherlands
Batsman, in stick-and-ball sports
Batter (disambiguation)
Bruce Wayne (disambiguation)
Vampire (disambiguation)
Tin City FM (104.3 MHz) is a private radio station, located in Jos, Plateau State, Nigeria. It was founded by Rev. Fr. Martin Dama and began broadcasting in 2016.
References
Radio stations in Nigeria
2016 establishments in Nigeria
Radio stations established in 2016
Jos
The 2000/01 Portuguese football season saw a new champion: Boavista FC became the 5th club ever to win the championship, securing the title in the 33rd of 34 rounds.
Primeira Liga
External links
Final Table
Seasons in Portuguese football
Football
Football
The Pawnee River or Pawnee Fork is a river in western Kansas in the United States, about long. It is a tributary of the Arkansas River, which in turn is a branch of the Mississippi River.
It rises in northwestern Gray County at an elevation of , as the outflow of several agricultural drainage channels. For the river runs due north, before turning northeast near Ravanna. The river arcs to the south and receives Buckner Creek, its main tributary at the town of Burdett, then flows east past Rozel and through Fort Larned National Historic Site. It joins the Arkansas River on the left bank, south of the city of Larned.
This river drains an arid farming region of about of the Great Plains. Most of its flow is consumed by irrigation before it reaches the mouth, and the river dries up for periods of months at a time in most years. The land surrounding the river was originally inhabited by the Kansa, Cheyenne, Osage, Pawnee and other tribes, the latter for which the river is named. The river was a route for the Santa Fe Trail in the 19th century, and was also the scene of Native American-U.S. wars in 1854, after which Fort Larned was established on the river to maintain a permanent military presence in the region.
See also
List of rivers of Kansas
References
Rivers of Kansas
Tributaries of the Arkansas River
Bodies of water of Gray County, Kansas
Bodies of water of Pawnee County, Kansas
Goalpost Pictures is an Australian film production company founded and run by Rosemary Blight, Ben Grant, Kylie du Fresne, and Cass O'Connor.
History
The 2007 suburban comedy Clubland, directed by Cherie Nowlan, debuted at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival, and was picked up for US distribution by Warner Bros. under the title Introducing The Dwights.
In 2009, Goalpost produced The Eternity Man, a film opera depicting the true story of World War I veteran Arthur Stace, who roamed the backstreets of Sydney chalking the single word "Eternity" across the pavements. The film, which was released in conjunction with ABC TV and Channel 4 UK, earned the Rose d'Or award for outstanding performing arts program.
Other credits include Lockie Leonard Series One and Two, which were screened on Channel 9 and based on Tim Winton's book series. Lockie Leonard won 'Best Children's Series' at the 2009 TV Week Logie Awards as well as the 2007 AFI for 'Best Children's Drama Series'. It was also picked up in the UK by BBC 2. Further productions include Scorched, a television and cross-platform event that won the 2009 Digital Emmy Award, and James Bogle's Closed for Winter, starring Natalie Imbruglia.
Goalpost Pictures executive-produced the 2010 Australian-French film The Tree, adapted from the book Our Father Who Art In The Tree, by Australian author Judy Pascoe. Starring Charlotte Gainsbourg, the film was selected to be the closing night film at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. In 2011 they produced Tony Tilse's event horror-thriller telemovie Panic At Rock Island for The Nine Network and NBC Universal.
Goalpost Pictures received the "Production Business of the Year" award in the 2013 Screen Producers Australia Awards.
Governance
Goalpost is led by founding members, producers Rosemary Blight, Ben Grant, Kylie du Fresne, and Cass O'Connor.
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
Australian film studios
Jeferson Anti Filho (born March 27, 1992 in Piracicaba), known as Jeferson Paulista, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as midfielder.
Career statistics
References
External links
Jeferson Paulista at ZeroZero
1992 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
Rio Claro Futebol Clube players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Rio Branco Esporte Clube players
Associação Desportiva Itaboraí players
Sociedade Esportiva do Gama players
Rio Preto Esporte Clube players
Grêmio Esportivo Juventus players
Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
People from Piracicaba
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
The 2014 Charlotte Eagles season is the club's 22nd season of existence, their fourth season playing in the USL Professional Division.
USL Pro
All times from this point on Eastern Daylight Saving Time (UTC-04:00)
Results summary
League results
Standings
U.S. Open Cup
Club
Roster
As of March 23, 2014
Transfers
In
Out
Loan in
Loan out
See also
2014 in American soccer
2014 USL Pro season
Charlotte Eagles
References
American soccer clubs 2014 season
2014 USL Pro season
2014 in sports in North Carolina
Soccer in North Carolina
Hother Erich Werner Bøttger (18 May 1801 – 28 October 1857) was a Norwegian architect.
They were born at Skien in Telemark, Norway. Their father Johannes Bøttger had immigrated from Denmark and was the local church organist.
Bottger was trained as a master carpenter and later as an architect at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in Copenhagen. They worked as a merchant in Lillehammer for a while before returning to Skien by approximately 1830. They were eventually appointed chief architect in the city.
Bottger was associated with a number of local projects including improvements to the old Skien Church. The main building at Holden Manor (Holden hovedgård) at Ulefoss was rebuilt and expanded for Diderik von Cappelen (1795–1866) owner of Ulefos Jernværk in the 1850s. They also completed the drawings for the Norges Bank building in Skien.
They were first elected to the Skien city council in 1839. They served as mayor of Skien from 1842 to 1843. They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1845 and 1857, representing the constituency of Skien. They died right after the end of their second term.
References
1801 births
1857 deaths
People from Skien
19th-century Norwegian architects
Norwegian people of Danish descent
19th-century Norwegian people
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Mayors of places in Telemark
Members of the Storting
Aloeides depicta, the depicta copper, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Africa, where it is known from fynbos and Nama Karoo along the mountains from Matjiesfontein to Gydo Mountain and the Eastern Cape.
The wingspan is 26–29 mm for males and 29–35 mm females. Adults are on wing from September to June. There are continuous generations in warmer months.
The larvae feed on Aspalathus species. They shelter under rocks close to their food plant.
References
Butterflies described in 1968
Aloeides
Endemic butterflies of South Africa
RDES (the Regional Data Exchange System on food and agricultural statistics in Asia and Pacific countries) is a unitary statistical information system which includes a database on food and agricultural statistics and the web portal of APCAS (Asia and Pacific Commission on Agricultural Statistics) countries under the FAO/Japan cooperative regional project (GCP/RAS/184/JPN). RDES had operated from March 2003 to 2011. The concept of RDES is succeeded to the CountrySTAT project, FAOSTAT.
Database
RDES was designed to contribute to member nations' capacity building and policy analysis through the development of the food and agricultural statistical framework in APCAS countries. It is especially expected to role-play the database on food and agricultural statistics for users, such as policy-makers, decision-makers, researchers, etc.
Time scale
The calendar year is recommended as time scale of the RDES, due to the difference of the crop year in each country.
Definitions
Definitions of the data should be FAO definitions. The unit of the crop production data are production (metric ton), area harvested (hectare), and yield (kilogram per hectare).
Data items
Most data of RDES are crop production and livestock data. Although it depends on the background of food production in each country, the major 19 agricultural products in this region are registered as the basic data items: rice, wheat, maize, cereals, cassava, potatoes, pulses, groundnuts, soybean, seed cotton, sugar cane, tea, cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, chicken, milk total, and hen eggs.
Other data for food security that are required by users, such as other crops and livestock, land area, population, prices, fisheries, etc. are provided by each country on the basis of its situation.
The database functions of RDES has been strengthened with the CountrySTAT technology. RDES with CountrySTAT was launched on 1 November 2006.
Web Portal
RDES is the gateway to agricultural statistics in APCAS countries. There are pages for each country, which contain not only agricultural statistics but also show the country profile, contact address, and hyperlinks for statistics in each country.
RDES also shows the external hyperlinks to related databases, organizations, and associations for agricultural statistics and food security Information, such as the FAOSTAT, UNSTAT, WFP, etc.
Participating nations
RDES is organizing in cooperation with most APCAS member nations: Bangladesh, Bhutan, Cambodia, the People's Republic of China, Fiji, India, Indonesia, Iran, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Philippines, Sri Lanka, Thailand, and Vietnam. Though some other APCAS countries (Australia, Japan (Donor), Malaysia, the Republic of Korea and the United States of America) are not the participants, but RDES is also organized with their cooperation.
External links
RDES Home Page (closed)
FAO Statistics Home Page
CountrySTAT Web site
FAOSTAT Web site
Agricultural organizations
Agricultural databases
Web portals
Food and Agriculture Organization
Agriculture by region
Statistical databases
cs:Organizace pro výživu a zemědělství
da:FAO
de:Food and Agriculture Organization
es:Organización para la Alimentación y la Agricultura
eo:Organizaĵo pri Nutrado kaj Agrikulturo
fr:Organisation des Nations unies pour l'alimentation et l'agriculture
id:Organisasi Pangan dan Pertanian
it:FAO
nl:Voedsel- en Landbouworganisatie
ja:国際連合食糧農業機関
nn:FAO
pt:Organização das Nações Unidas para a Agricultura e a Alimentação
ru:Продовольственная и сельскохозяйственная организация ООН
tr:Gıda ve Tarım Teşkilatı
zh:联合国粮食及农业组织
Tapio Piipponen (born 21 June 1957) is a Finnish biathlete. They competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Finnish male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Finland
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
People from Sotkamo
Sportspeople from Kainuu
Seehausen am Staffelsee is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany. The main village, Seehausen, lies on the eastern shore of the Staffelsee lake.
Notable people
Bolko von Richthofen (1899–1983) archaeologist, died in Seehausen am Staffelsee
Karl Michael Vogler (1928–2009) actor, died in Seehausen am Staffelsee
References
Garmisch-Partenkirchen (district)
The Audubon movement is a collective name for the more than 500 Audubon clubs, societies, and organizations in North America, all of which take their name from the famous bird artist John James Audubon.
Origins
Audubon lived from 1785 to 1851, and over the course of a lifetime roamed across a still very wild America to paint hundreds of its birds. A determined and passionate man, they eventually realized their dream of not only painting North America's birds, but publishing Birds of America, a massive book containing 435 hand-colored plates of 1,065 individual birds.
Audubon became the chosen symbol for a movement begun in the late 1890s to stop the unrestricted slaughter of birds. Early Audubon society members pledged to shun the fashion-of-the-day of wearing hats and coats adorned with bird feathers and wings, and to hunt birds for consumption only, rather than sport or trade.
Early Audubon members studied birds, improved their habitats, and fought for bird protection. Their activism fledged a broader conservation movement and eventually led to passage of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act in 1918. The act ended trade in migratory birds, and was among the first federal protections ever afforded to wildlife.
Audubon Organizations today
There are more than 500 Audubon organizations in the United States today. Each of these groups is independent and separately incorporated, and each is free to establish its own programs. Audubon organizations vary greatly in their scope and missions: some remain small bird clubs or societies, while others focus on state, national, or international bird conservation and environmental issues. Through a diversity of approaches, Audubon organizations today carry on the conservation ethic begun at the turn of the 20th century.
The Massachusetts Audubon Society, with over 100,000 members, cares for of conservation land in 45 wildlife sanctuaries. The group works to protect Massachusetts for people and wildlife and promotes sound environmental policies. Founded in 1896, it has become the largest conservation organization in New England.
The Audubon Society of New York State, established in New York in 1897, was reincorporated in 1987. An international arm created in 1996 is known as Audubon International.
The National Audubon Society produces the well known Audubon Magazine, and is the parent of nearly 500 independent chapters.
Audubon Lifestyles promotes sustainability by working to balance what they call the "triple bottom line" of people, profit, and planet. It offers sustainably based products and services, and proceeds are contributed to Audubon societies and other charitable organizations.
The Audubon Institute of Louisiana is host to nearly a dozen Audubon named museums and parks that are dedicated to nature which include the Audubon Park, Audubon Zoo, Audubon Aquarium of the Americas, Audubon Louisiana Nature Center, Audubon Center for Research of Endangered Species, Audubon Wilderness Park, Audubon Insectarium, Audubon Nature Institute Foundation.
See also
List of wildlife artists
References
The Audubon Movement
Nonprofit Networking: The New Way to Grow
Mccrea/Humane Movement
T. Gilbert Pearson - Environmental Awareness Day Celebration
The Feather Trade and American Conservation
T. Gilbert Pearson (1873–1943
New York Counters Allowed to Keep Loon Program
The Dawn of Conservation
External links
Massachusetts Audubon Society
Audubon International
National Audubon Society
Audubon Magazine
Audubon Lifestyles
Audubon Institute
Nature conservation in the United States
Love is the third Korean studio album by S.E.S., released in October 29, 1999 by S.M. Entertainment. It sold 760,475 copies and became the second best-selling Korean girl group album at the time, only behind The Pearl Sisters' My Dear (1968). As of , Love is currently the fourth best-selling K-pop girl group album of all time. The record spawned two singles: "Love" and "Twilight Zone".
Track listing
Opening (Talk)
Twilight Zone (Song)
첫 사랑 (Talk)
Love (Song)
차차리 당신을 잊고자 할때 (Talk - 고정환)
I've Been Waiting For You (Song)
얼굴 (Talk)
Blue Sky (Song)
그는 없다 (Talk)
Tell Me (Song)
스크램블 (Talk)
바람둥이 길들이기 (Song)
웃음 1 (Talk)
샤랄라 (Song)
아름다운 기억 (Talk)
Promise (Song)
첫 느낌 (Talk)
Sugar Baby (Song)
웃음 2 (Talk)
Silver (Song)
결혼식 (Talk)
Show Me Love (Song)
또 다른 나 (Talk)
Wait (Song)
그를 만났습니다 (Talk)
누군가를 너무나 사랑할때 (Talk - 김현)
Ending (Talk)
References
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
1999 albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
SM Entertainment albums
Agvaansamdangiin Sükhbat (; born June 30, 1971, "Axe firm") is the second most successful Mongolian wrestler of 21st century with three championship wins (2000, 2001, 2004) and first Mongolian wrestler to officially declare retirement in 2006.
Their rank/title, showing respect within the wrestling world, is "Dayar dursagdah, dalai dayan, avraga Sükhbat" literally meaning "Renowned by all, oceanic, titan Sükhbat," essentially the highest rank possible in Mongolian wrestling.
They were also a two times winner (1995, 1997) in the Amateur Sumo World Championships.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110706084307/http://amateursumo.com/tourneys.htm
1971 births
Living people
People from Töv Province
Mongolian male sport wrestlers
20th-century Mongolian people
21st-century Mongolian people
Operation Aloha is the first and only album released by a supergroup of 14 musicians of the same name. The album was conceived by photographer Christopher Wray-McCann who asked some of their musician friends if they wanted to live in a treehouse and record an album in Maui, Hawaii for 30 days. The group did not tour extensively, only appearing live on Last Call with Carson Daly and at The Troubadour to support the album.
Track listing
Alternative versions of the songs "Failure" and "Elephant Pharmacy" are also on Ian Ball's solo album Who Goes There?
Band members
Dajon Everett (Gomez)
Ian Ball (Gomez)
Olly Peacock (Gomez)
James Valentine (Maroon 5)
Jesse Carmichael (Maroon 5)
Sam Farrar (Phantom Planet)
Fil Krohnengold (All Spots To Black)
Nadav Kahn (Kahn Brothers)
Charles Danek
Mathew Chaney
Maureen Wray-McCann
Saam Gabbay
Will Nash
Christopher Wray-McCann (Photographer)
References
External links
Myspace Profile
2009 albums
IVR is a three-letter abbreviation that may refer to:
Accelerated idioventricular rhythm
Interactive voice response
International Association for Philosophy of Law and Social Philosophy
Interventional radiology
Inter-VSAN Routing
Immersive virtual reality
Integrated voltage regulator
International Vehicle Registration; see List of international license plate codes
Intramolecular Vibrational Energy Redistribution
.ivr, a video file format ("Internet Video Recording") used by recent RealPlayer programs
Inverell Airport, IATA airport code "IVR"
This article provides details of international soccer games played by the Canada men's national soccer team from 2020 to present.
Results
2020
2021
2022
2023
References
Soccer in Canada
Canada men's national soccer team results
2020s in Canadian sports
The Paradise Valley Ranger Station, located at 355 S. Main St. in Paradise Valley, serves a district of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest in Humboldt County, northwestern Nevada. It has also been known as the Paradise Valley Guard Station.
History
The ranger station was built in 1933 in an American Craftsman Bungalow style. It was designed by the U.S. Forest Service architects and built by the Civilian Conservation Corps−CCC for the then named Humboldt National Forest].
The construction of the ranger station building started in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps was halted for several years but the work was resumed and completed in 1941.
National Register of Historic Places
The building was deemed significant as a product of the National Forest Service's work with the Civilian Conservation Corps, a government jobs program of the Great Depression. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included seven contributing buildings and one other contributing structure.
Present day
Currently, the station is run by the United States Forest Service for the Santa Rosa Range District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest, in Nevada.
See also
References
Buildings and structures in Humboldt County, Nevada
Humboldt–Toiyabe National Forest
Ranger stations in the United States
Government buildings completed in 1933
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County, Nevada
American Craftsman architecture in Nevada
Bungalow architecture in Nevada
Civilian Conservation Corps in Nevada
Arthur Wesley Parsons (born September 6, 1992) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the NC Dinos of the KBO League. They have played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Atlanta Braves and the Colorado Rockies.
Career
After graduating from Clarksville High School in Clarksville, Tennessee, Parsons enrolled at Jackson State Community College. In 13 games started as a first-year student, they had a 7–3 win–loss record with a 4.31 earned run average (ERA), striking out 60 in innings pitched. After their first-year student year, they played for the Thunder Bay Bordercats in the Northwoods League, a summer wooden bat league for top college prospects. After making the league's All-Star game, Parsons signed with the Atlanta Braves as an undrafted free agent in 2013.
Atlanta Braves
After signing, Parsons was assigned to the Rome Braves where they were 7–7 with a 2.63 ERA in 19 starts. In 2014 they pitched for the Lynchburg Hillcats, posting a 4–7 record and a 5.00 ERA in 23 starts. Parsons pitched in only five games in 2015 due to injury. They spent the majority of 2016 with the Carolina Mudcats where they were 0–2 with a 3.86 ERA in 16 games (seven starts), along with pitching one game for the Mississippi Braves. In 2017, Parsons pitched in 26 games (ten starts) for Mississippi where they compiled a 3–3 record and 2.71 ERA, and innings for the Gwinnett Braves where they posted an 8.64 ERA. They began 2018 with Mississippi and was promoted to the Gwinnett Stripers in May after pitching to a 1–2 record and a 1.23 ERA over eight games (seven starts) for Mississippi.
Parsons was called up to the major leagues by Atlanta on June 27, 2018. In 14 appearances, with 13 being as a starter for Gwinnett prior to their callup, they had compiled a 3–1 record and a 2.83 ERA. Parsons returned to the International League without making a major league appearance. They were recalled back to the Braves on August 1 for their second call up in the 2018 season. They were then optioned back to Gwinnett the following day. Parsons received another promotion on August 7, and made their major league debut two days later against the Washington Nationals. Parsons made the Braves' Opening Day roster at the start of the 2019 season. They appeared in relief of Sean Newcomb on April 1, 2019, pitching one inning against the Chicago Cubs to earn their first major league victory. On August 16, 2019, Parsons was designated for assignment.
Colorado Rockies
On August 19, 2019, Parsons was claimed off waivers by the Colorado Rockies. Parsons was designated for assignment on November 27, 2019. They were granted free agency on December 2, 2019, but later re-signed to a minor league deal in the offseason. They became a free agent on November 2, 2020.
NC Dinos
On January 11, 2021, Parsons signed a deal with the NC Dinos of the KBO League for $320K a year with a $80K signing bonus and a potential $200K coming from incentives. On April 14, 2021, Parsons made their KBO debut, striking out six and earning the win in a start against the SSG Landers. They finished the season with a 4–8 record, 3.72 ERA, and 148 strikeouts over 133.0 innings pitched. On December 21, 2021, they re-signed with the Dinos on a one-year deal worth up to $650,000.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Clarksville, Tennessee
Baseball players from Tennessee
Major League Baseball pitchers
American expatriate baseball players in South Korea
Atlanta Braves players
Colorado Rockies players
Jackson State Generals baseball players
Rome Braves players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Mississippi Braves players
Carolina Mudcats players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Gwinnett Braves players
Gwinnett Stripers players
Estrellas Orientales players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
NC Dinos players
Lopi may refer to:
Places
Lõpi, Estonia
Other
Lopi language
Lopi (knitting)
Jean Pestré, or Pestre, (1723, Saint-Geniez-d'Olt – 1821, Paris) was an 18th–19th-century French theologian.
They worked closely with the two encyclopédistes abbés Claude Yvon and Jean-Martin de Prades. From 1751, all three shared an apartment in Paris and contributed to the first volume published in June 1751 of the Encyclopédie by Diderot and D'Alembert. Abbé Pestré wrote the articles signed "C", baconisme ou philosophie de Bacon, bonheur, cabale, calomnie, Campanella, Canadiens, Cardan, cartésianisme and complaisance for volumes II and III. Marked by the philosophie des Lumières, their articles adopt a sensualist point of view.
Pestre ceased to contribute to the Encyclopédie after the controversy surrounding the theory of the abbot of Prades which saw the temporary exile of the latter and Yvon. It is possible that, remained close to their compatriot abbé Raynal, Pestré contributed anonymously to their Histoire des deux Indes.
They later earned a living by giving private lessons, in particular to Antoine Allut, futur Encyclopédiste.
Bibliography
Matthias Glötzner: Wissen ist Macht - Die französische Aufklärung im Spiegel der Encyclopédie. Grin-Verlag, Norderstedt (2007)
External links
Jean Pestré on Wikisource
University of Michigan
18th-century French Catholic theologians
Contributors to the Encyclopédie (1751–1772)
People from Aveyron
1723 births
1821 deaths
The men's 100m breaststroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
SB4
Final
Eight swimmers from seven nations took part.
SB5
SB6
SB8
SB9
SB11
SB12
Final
Five swimmers from five nations took part.
SB13
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area is a state park unit of Minnesota, USA, currently in development. It includes undeveloped shoreline on both Greenleaf and Sioux Lakes, halfway between the cities of Hutchinson and Litchfield in Meeker County. Portions of the state recreation area (SRA) are open to the public for day-use recreation, but there are no facilities yet on site. The park boundaries were set by the Minnesota Legislature and the state is still acquiring land from willing sellers; two-thirds of the property remain privately owned.
Geography
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area is situated on the south end of the interconnected Greenleaf and Sioux Lakes, encompassing most of the peninsula between them. The legally designated include of shoreline on Greenleaf Lake and on Sioux Lake. This is nearly half of the lakes' natural shoreline. Their outflow drains into three other lakes before reaching the South Fork of the Crow River, a tributary of the Mississippi River. The SRA is northwest of Hutchinson and southeast of Litchfield.
Natural history
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area is characterized by rolling topography supporting northern hardwood forest, wetlands, grasslands, and croplands. The peninsula and island bear an unusual forest type for Minnesota: rock elm and American elm mixed with basswood, green ash, bur oak, and red oak. The southwest shore of Greenleaf Lake bears an open bur oak woodland with some basswood, green ash, red oak, hackberry, and bitternut hickory. While most of these habitats are secondary forest, some tracts of old-growth forest remain. The elm forest was protected from most wildfires by the lakes, and was minimally affected by the Dutch elm disease outbreak in the 1970s.
Both lakes exhibit good water quality, through Greenleaf Lake has been prone to intense algal blooms. The shallower Sioux Lake is attractive to waterfowl, while Greenleaf supports game fish like panfish and smallmouth bass.
Wildlife
Bird and mammalian species include bluebird, raccoon, various owls, white-tailed deer, sandhill crane, muskrat, six species of duck, loon, beaver, snipe, red and gray fox species, mink, coyote, skunk, five species of falcon, badger, three species of hawk, river otter, two species of swan, opossum, and wild turkey in abundance.
Cultural history
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area has not been closely surveyed for Native American cultural sites. Following Euro-American settlement the prairie and some of the woodlands and wetlands were farmed.
Park creation
In 1985 Mark Geyer — a resident of suburban Hennepin County, Minnesota — purchased property on Greenleaf Lake as an outdoor retreat for their family. In 1990 they and other landowners opposed a real estate developer's plan to build a lakeside housing complex, and Geyer arranged to buy the land instead. At the time Greenleaf was one of the last two undeveloped lakes in Meeker County. Geyer continued to buy additional acreage as it became available, intent on preserving the area. In the late 90s they heard the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) was hoping to add a state park in Meeker or McLeod County and Geyer suggested their property.
After a few years of discussion, the Minnesota Legislature authorized Greenleaf Lake State Park in 2003 and appropriated $500,000 to buy property from Geyer and other willing landowners. However the DNR claimed it did not have the funding to run its existing parks, much less plan, develop, and maintain a new one, and the project languished. In March 2007 the DNR and legislature reached a compromise, reestablishing Greenleaf Lake as a state recreation area for lower operation and maintenance costs. At the same time DNR officials began eagerly negotiating to establish Lake Vermilion State Park in northern Minnesota, prompting criticism from Greenleaf Lake supporters that "the DNR bureaucrats in St. Paul did not really care that much about a state park in Meeker County." In December 2007 the first parcel was purchased from Geyer's . The Meeker County board of commissioners and the nonprofit organization Minnesota Parks & Trails Council stepped in with additional funds for the $3.2 million deal. The transfer of the rest of Geyer's property is expected to be completed in early 2012, with further acquisitions within the designated boundaries as funds and willing sellers arise.
Until park development begins in earnest, the state is leasing for farming.
Recreation
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area is within an hour drive of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul urban population and is being planned for high day-use. In addition to hiking, fishing, mountain biking, cross-country skiing, and snowshoeing, much of the SRA will be open to hunting. Planned developments include a picnic area, hiking trails, campground, camper cabins, hunting blinds, and an interpretive center.
Currently the SRA can be accessed via an existing public water access on Greenleaf Lake. This includes a fishing pier and parking area. Greenleaf Lake has been stocked with largemouth bass, black crappie, bluegill, northern pike, and walleye. of trail is open to non-motorized use. Hunting for deer, turkey, pheasant, and small game is being allowed in season.
References
External links
Greenleaf Lake State Recreation Area
2007 establishments in Minnesota
Protected areas established in 2007
Protected areas of Meeker County, Minnesota
State parks of Minnesota
Lakes of Meeker County, Minnesota
Lakes of Minnesota
Thomas Lundqvist (1932) is a Swedish geologist.  They are son of Gösta Lundqvist and brother of Jan Lundqvist, both of whom are geologists. Thomas Lundqvist worked at Geological Survey of Sweden from 1962 onwards and was professor at the University of Gothenburg from 1986 to 1989.
In 1968 they obtained a Ph.D. degree in geology at Stockholm University with the thesis Precambrian Geology of the Los-Hamra Region, Central Sweden.
Since 1996 Thomas Lundqvist has been member of the Finnish Society of Sciences and Letters.
References
20th-century Swedish geologists
1932 births
Living people
Ennapadam Srinivas Krishnamoorthy FRCP (born 3 December 1966) is a neuropsychiatrist with special interests in Epilepsy and Dementia.  They are Founder and Director of Neurokrish - the neuropsychaitry centre and TRIMED - a chain of integrative medical specialties based in Chennai, India.  They are Professor of Neuropsychiatry, Neurology and Clinical Neuroscience at The Institute of Neurological Sciences, Voluntary Health Services Multispeciality Hospital and Research Institute affiliated to The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University.
It is to be noted that their father, Dr. Krishnamoorthy Srinivas was a great Neurologist who has served the humanity thru' VHS & Public Health Centre, West Mambalam, Chennai. Their father was having 3 FRCPs & was intensively trained in Canada. It was their father's inspiration which made Dr. Ennapadam Srinivas Krishnamoorthy specialise in Neurology & related subjects.
 They are also Adjunct Professor at the Public Health Foundation of India and Manipal University.  They are President - Elect of the International Neuropsychiatric Association
Krishnamoorthy has chaired the International League Against Epilepsy- Commission on Psychobiology; the World Health Organization- World Health Report 2012 (Dementia), Executive Committee Member of the International Neuropsychiatry Association (since 2004) and Asian Society Against Dementia (since 2005).
 They are the recipient of the President's Medal of the Royal College of Psychiatrists for contributions to community neuropsychiatry. They were the first Indian Psychiatrist to be elected Fellow of all three Royal Colleges of Physicians in the UK (Glasgow, Edinburgh & London).
Writing
Krishnamoorthy is a regular contributor to The Hindu and numerous other medical, scientific and general publications. They have contributed more than 85 high-impact research articles and book chapters focusing upon Epilepsy, Dementia and Neuropsychiatry.
 They are the editor of The Global Approach series books published by Cambridge University Press. Together with Jeffrey L. Cummings and Martin James Prince they edited the first book in that series, Dementia: a global approach, (2011). Together with Simon D Shorvon, Steven C Schachter and Vivek Misra, they edited the second book, Epilepsy: a global approach (March 2017 ).
References
1966 births
Living people
Indian psychiatrists
Medical doctors from Chennai
Ward-Beck Systems commonly referred to as Ward-Beck or simply WBS, is a Canadian manufacturer of broadcast audio and video equipment. It was founded in a garage in April 1967 by Ron W. Ward and director of engineering, Rodger K. Beck.
On January 26, 2021, Ward-Beck announced that it would "cease manufacturing operations" effective January 31, 2021, and that the company's intellectual property is available for sale.
Products
Date of manufacture
The first two digits of the module or console's serial number dictate the year of manufacturing.
Mixing consoles
WBS 69075
WBS 73065
WBS 73050
WBS 74062
WBS 77075
WBS 74066
WBS 800278
WBS 820322
Mixing console components
WBS M124 Line Amplifier
WBS M166 Summing Amplifier
WBS M166A Summing Amplifier
WBS M201 Relay
WBS M202 Logic Latch
WBS M207 Phantom Power Card
WBS M402 Equalizer
WBS M402A Equalizer
WBS M402B Equalizer
WBS M404A High Pass / Low Pass Filter
WBS M405 Portable Extended Range VU Meter
WBS M405F Rack Mounted Extended Range VU Meter
WBS M406 Compressors
WBS M411 Stereo/Mono Transcription Preamplifier
WBS M412 Oscillator
WBS M413 Talk-back and Assign
WBS M420 Reverb Return
WBS M433 Peak Program Meter
WBS M434 Peak Program Meter
WBS M435 VU Meter
WBS M436 VU Meter
WBS M441 Mic / Line Pre-Amplifier
WBS M441D Mic / Line Pre-Amplifier
WBS M441M Mic / Line Pre-Amplifier
WBS M450A Program Amplifier
WBS M450B Program - Summing Amplifier
WBS M451 Slate
WBS M452 Oscillator
WBS M451 Talkback
WBS M452 Oscillator
WBS M453A Cue Amplifier
WBS M454 Slate Assign
WBS M455 Auxiliary Returns
WBS M457A Pre-Mixer Master
WBS M460 Input
WBS M460A Input
WBS M460B Input
WBS M460L Input
WBS M460LA Input
WBS M460M Input
WBS M460T Input
WBS M461 Input
WBS M461A Stereo Input s
WBS M462 Equalizer
WBS M462A Equalizer
WBS M462B Equalizer
WBS M463 Sub master
WBS M463A Sub master
WBS M463AB Sub master
WBS M463AC Sub master
WBS M463J Sub master
WBS M463K Sub master
WBS M463L Sub master
WBS M463LA Sub master
WBS M464 High Pass Low Pass Filter
WBS M465 Reverb return
WBS M465B Dual Mix down
WBS M466 Compressor/Limiter/De-esser
WBS M466C Compressor/Limiter/De-esser
WBS M466M Meter for M466
WBS M467 Noise Gate and Meter
WBS M468A 8 X 1 High Level Switcher
WBS M470 Pre-amp / Line Input
WBS M470A Pre-amp / Line Input
WBS M470C Pre-amp / Line Input
WBS M470D Pre-amp / Line Input
WBS M470E Pre-amp / Line Input
WBS M471 Stereo Input
WBS M471A Stereo Input
WBS M471C Stereo Input
WBS M472 Equalizer
WBS M472A Stereo Equalizer
WBS M473 Sub master
WBS M473A Sub master
WBS M473B Stereo Sub master
WBS M475 Monitor
WBS M475A Stereo Monitor
WBS M477 Master Summing
WBS M479 Dual Auxiliary
WBS M480B Pre-amp
WBS M480C Input
WBS M481 Oscillator / Cue Amplifier
WBS M481B Cue OSC Re-entry
WBS M482B Monitor
WBS M484 Summing Amplifier
WBS M484A Summing Amplifier
WBS M485B 25V power Supply
WBS M487 Dual Master
WBS M487 Dual Master
WBS M487 Pre-amp
WBS M490A Microphone Input
WBS M490F Input
WBS M490F Stereo Input
WBS M490G Mic Input
WBS M490H Line Input
WBS M490J Mic Input
WBS M490K Line Input
WBS M490L Stereo Input
WBS M490M Stereo Input
WBS M490N Stereo Input
WBS M494 Remote Line / Cue
WBS M495 Stereo Monitor
WBS M497A Dual Master
WBS M497B Dual Master
WBS M497C Dual Master
WBS M497D Dual Master
WBS M498 16 X 2 Stereo Switcher
WBS M498A 10 X 1 Selector
WBS M520K Stereo Input
WBS M522 - Equalizer
WBS M522A - Equalizer
WBS M522B - Equalizer
WBS M522C Equalizer
WBS M562 Equalizer
WBS M562B Equalizer
WBS M566 Compressor/Limiter/De-esser
WBS M567 Noise Gate and Meter
WBS M600 Universal Audio Amplifier
WBS M604 Dual Frequency Oscillator
WBS M606
WBS M605A Audio DA
WBS M608 Audio DA
WBS M609 Remote Sensitivity Audio DA
WBS M610 10 Watt Monitor Amplifier
WBS M612 Audio DA
WBS M612A Audio DA
WBS M624 Power Supply
WBS M625A Power Supply
WBS M625B Power Supply
WBS M632 Power Supply
WBS M648 Power Supply
WBS M666 Power Amplifier
Intercom and other components
WBS M8200 Microphone Preamplifier
Customers and users
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
CTV Television Network
VOA
XM Radio
NEP Broadcasting
NBC
American Broadcasting Company
CNN
The CHUM Group
Much Music
Bravo!
Rawlco Radio
Rogers Communications
Corus Entertainment
Bill Kennedy
Hotel2Tango
Bedside Studios
Doug Grean
Maritime Broadcasting System
Ward-Beck Systems Preservation Society (WBSPS)
The Ward-Beck Systems Preservation Society was founded in 2005 by Tony Kuzub. The goal and objective of the WBSPS is to keep vintage Ward-Beck equipment running and working by supplying a database of documentation, knowledge, and support. There are only a handful of consoles still in existence and use, and the WBSPS is dedicated to keeping these consoles in use and maintained. Many manuals have been scanned in their entirety and posted for all to learn from. The WBSPS was given permission by Eugene Johnson of Ward-Beck to publish information regarding vintage WBS equipment. The WBSPS is not directly or in-directly associated with Ward-Beck Systems Incorporated. A Letter of permission from Ward-Beck Systems
References
External links
Ward-Beck Systems Official Website
Ward-Beck Systems Preservation Society
WBS Industry Canada Profile
Audio amplifier manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Toronto
Manufacturers of professional audio equipment
Radio electronics
Audio mixing console manufacturers
Audio equipment manufacturers of Canada
PayDay (stylized as "PAYDAY") is a brand of a candy bar first introduced in 1932 by the Hollywood Candy Company. The original PayDay candy bar consists of salted peanuts rolled over a nougat-like sweet caramel center. Since 1996, classic PayDay candy bars without chocolate have been continually produced by The Hershey Company. In 2020, Hershey's released a "Chocolatey PayDay bar" as a permanent part of the PayDay product line; it is identical to the regular bar, but covered by a layer of chocolate.
History
PayDay was first introduced in 1932 by Hollywood Candy Company and got its name because it was first produced on pay day at the company. PAYDAY was marketed during the Great Depression as a meal replacement because of its dense peanut outer layer. Headed by Frank Martoccio, who had founded the F.A. Martoccio Macaroni Company, Hollywood also produced the ZERO bar, originally called the Double Zero when first released in 1920. In 1938, Hollywood moved to Centralia, Illinois. In 1967, the Martoccio family sold Hollywood Brands to Consolidated Foods, which later became Sara Lee. Fire destroyed the Centralia plant in 1980. Production of the PayDay bar continued with help from the L.S. Heath and Sons Company until a new facility could be constructed. In 1988, Hollywood Brands was acquired by the Leaf Candy Company and then later became part of The Hershey Company in 1996 via its acquisition of Leaf North America.
PayDay was named the #3 candy bar in the 2019 LA Times Candy Bar Power Rankings.
Etymology
PayDay got its name when none of the employees could think of a name. Someone thought of PayDay since they were getting paid that day. The name seemed perfect, and the candy bar was launched on pay day at its company of origin, the Hollywood Candy Company.
Product history
Peanut-dense PayDay bars were introduced in 1932 when candy bars were often viewed as meal replacements. Variations of the classic PayDay have included a glazed honey limited edition in 2003 and the PayDay Pro, a high protein energy bar, in 2005. For a promotion in 1989, PayDay candy bars each contained an individually wrapped nickel.
PAYDAY has a long history of offering chocolate-covered bars in its product line. In the 1980s, when owned by Sara Lee, there was a chocolate-covered PayDay. The Hershey Company has produced a limited version of chocolate PayDay in 2006 and the PayDay Chocolatey Avalanche in 2007, which was later discontinued. In August 2020, Hershey's released the Chocolatey PayDay candy bar as a permanent part of the product line.
Products currently available
PayDay
The original PayDay candy bar has been available since 1932. PayDay contains peanuts and caramel. There is also a Kingsize bar found in most stores (96g).
Nutrition
Ingredients
Peanuts, sugar, corn syrup, skim milk, vegetable oil, palm oil, sunflower oil
Contains 2% or Less of: Salt, carrageenan, mono- and diglycerides
Allergens
PayDay contains milk and peanuts.
Features and certifications
Country of manufacture: USA
Gluten free
OU-D
Chocolatey PayDay
The Chocolatey PayDay was added to the permanent brand portfolio in August 2020. Chocolatey PayDays contain salted peanuts and caramel and is coated in chocolate candy (not milk chocolate). The chocolatey candy bar is available in two sizes:
1.84 ounce standard bar at suggested retail value of $1.11
3.1 ounce king size bar at suggested retail value of $1.66
Nutrition
Ingredients
Sugar, peanuts, vegetable oil, palm oil, shea oil, sunflower oil, palm kernel oil, safflower oil, corn syrup, chocolate, skim milk.
Contains 2% or less of: whey, salt, lecithin, carrageenan, mono- and diglycerides, vanillin (artificial flavor).
Allergens
Chocolatey PayDay contains milk, peanuts and soy.
Features and certifications
Country of manufacture: USA
OU-D
References
External links
Candy bars
Products introduced in 1932
The Hershey Company brands
Kosher food
Brand name confectionery
Jandowae is a rural town and locality in the Western Downs Region, Queensland, Australia. In the the locality of Jandowae had a population of 1,047 people.
Geography
The town is west of the Brisbane. the capital of the state of Queensland. It sits within the Indigenous country of Barunggam, the traditional lands of the Barunggam people.
Bush Grove is a neighbourhood ().
Jandowae railway station is an abandoned railway station () on the closed Jandowae railway line.
Road infrastructure
Dalby–Jandowae Road enters from the south, Kingaroy–Jandowae Road enters from the north-east, and Jandowae Connection Road exits to the north-west.
History
Baranggum (also known as Barrunggam, Barunggam Parrungoom, Murrumgama) is an Australian Aboriginal language spoken by the Baranggum people. The Baranggum language region includes the landscape within the local government boundaries of the Western Downs Regional Council, particularly Dalby, Tara, Jandowae and west towards Chinchilla.
The first European settlers arrived in the area in the 1860s and the first documented European birth was Henry Bateman in 1866. Bateman descendants still live in the town today. The town was at first called Jindowie, from the local Aboriginal word for a waterhole. Later, a man called John or Jack Dowiae established a camp and rest area for travellers called the John Dowiae camp. This led to some early settlers using the name Jondowiae. With the coming of the railway in 1914, the name was changed again to Jandowae, to avoid confusion with nearby Jondaryan.
The fertile soil allowed the development of agriculture and combined with a flourishing timber industry saw the expansion of industry and commerce and the establishment of churches, halls and banks.
Jondowaie Provisional School opened on 28 March 1887 with thirteen students enrolled for the first year. It became Jondonwaie State School on 1 January 1909. In 1915 it was renamed Jandowae State School. In 1988 it was expanded with a secondary department (to Year 10 ).
Jondowae's first Post Office opened on 1 January 1890, and exists today as a private residence. The post office was renamed Jandowae in 1913.
The cemetery opened in 1900. There was an earlier cemetery in Market Street, two blocks from the Church of England, but nothing remains of the site and the Western Downs Regional Council believes it is under subsequent developments.
Jondowaie Creek Provisional School opened on 6 February 1902. In 1903 it was renamed Yee-am Provisional School. On 1 January 1909 it became Yee-Am State School. It closed in April 1921.
Jondowaie's Immaculate Conception Catholic Church at 49 Hickey Street was opened and dedicated on 25 April 1909 by Reverend Father Thomas Nolan. This church still exists but a new church was erected beside it in 1964.
At a town land sale in June 1909, blocks of land were purchased for an Anglican church and a Presbyterian Church. The Presbyterian block was sold in 1914 at a considerable profit in order to buy another site.
In 1914 land was purchased by the Methodists intending to build a church.
Wilga Downs Provisional School opened on 26 January 1916 as a half time school sharing a teacher with Currandale Provisional School. In 1922 the half time configuration was changed and Wilga Downs shared a teacher with Carlyle Provisional School (while Currandale shared with Glenmorriston). In 1923 Wilga Downs Provisional School was renamed Jandowae East Provisional School continuing to share a teacher with Carlyle until Carlyle closed in 1929. Jandowae East then became a full time provisional school and became Jandowae East State School in 1955. It closed in 1964.
St Paul's Anglican Church was opened on Sunday 19 March 1917 by Archdeacon Arthur Richard Rivers. On 17 September 1953 Archbishop Reginald Halse laid the foundation for the current church building. It was opened and dedicated in June 1957 in the presence of over 300 people. The new church cost of a total £14,000 including fittings and furnishings with some of the work being done by local volunteers.
The stump-capping ceremony for the Jandowae Presbyterian Church in George Street was held on Saturday 19 August 1922. The church was officially opened on Sunday 3 December 1922 by Reverend Alexander McIntyre Martin, Moderator of the Toowoomba Presbytery. The wooden church was . It held 150 people at the opening with others standing outside.
The Jandowae war memorial was unveiled by Victor Drury and the Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly for Dalby, Walter Sparkes, on 25 April 1935.
On Saturday 12 March 1949 there was a stump-capping cemetery for a Methodist church. Prior to this Methodist services had been held in the Presbyterian church. On Saturday 24 September 1949 the church was officially opened.
In 1964 a Lutheran church was opened at 43 Sydney Street, the church building having been relocated from Meringandan where it had been the Methodist Church since it was built in about 1908. It was deconsecrated in 1999 and is now in private ownership.
Sewerage was provided for the town in 1974.
The current Jandowae Public Library opened in 2000 and had a minor refurbishment in 2014.
In 2001, in order to stem a decline in population and economic activity and encourage new residents and industry to Jandowae, Wambo Shire Council ran a "dollar block" promotion. The promotion involved the sale of 38 parcels of land, both residential and industrial, for one dollar each. The promotion made news throughout Australia and overseas including New Zealand, Hong Kong, England and the United States. The promotion proved popular with over 1,000 applications received. To maintain fairness, a ballot system was implemented along with a condition requiring the establishment of a house on the block within 12 months or the land would return to the ballot. As a result of the promotion, the decline in population was halted and new industry was attracted to town including a manufacturer of RFID cattle ear tag readers.
At the Jandowae had a population of 1,006.
At the , Jandowae had a population of 1,246.
In the the locality of Jandowae had a population of 1,047 people.
Economy
Jandowae, which was the largest town in the Wambo Shire prior to its amalgamation, is surrounded by rich alluvial soil and is one of Queensland's largest wheat growing areas. The area also produces other crops such as barley, sorghum, oats, millet, panicum, sunflower, safflower and linseed. Beef and dairy cattle are raised in the area and Jandowae was home to two large sawmills.
There are a number of homesteads in the locality:
Athlon ()
Balanor ()
Belgiddi ()
Bloomfield ()
Bonathorpe ()
Boobilarri ()
Brigalow Park ()
Carlyle ()
Coniston ()
Eversleigh ()
Fairymount ()
Glenfillan ()
Glenroy Farm ()
Hazeldean ()
Jerogael ()
Kahmoo ()
Kel-Andy ()
Kildurham ()
Lauriston ()
Lone Pine ()
Lornsdale ()
Milrae ()
Myrtle Grove ()
Oakfields ()
Oakland ()
Pine Haven ()
Rangeview ()
Samoa ()
Sunrisestar ()
The Pines ()
The Ranch ()
The Rockies ()
Wattle Grove ()
Wilga Downs ()
Wongaree ()
Woodburn ()
Woodsome ()
There is an abattoir ().
Facilities
Jandowae Police Station is at 34 George Street ().
Jandowae Fire Station is at 55 High Street ().
Jandowae SES Facility is at 76 Myall Street ().
Jandowae Ambulance Station is at 26 George Street ().
Jandowae Hospital is a public hospital at 11 Dalby Street (). It has a heliport ().
Jandowae Cemetery is on Old Rosevale Road on the corner of Bindings Road ().
The sewage treatment plant is on Sydney Street on the corner of Davisions Road ().
Ergon Energy has an electrical sub-station at 45 Sydney Street ().
Jandowae has a telephone exchange at 41 Hickey Street ().
Amenities
Amenities in the town include a post office, Queensland Government Agent and a bank.
There are three hotels in Jandowae known locally as the Top pub (Club Hotel), the Middle pub (The Exchange Hotel) and the Bottom pub (Jandowae Hotel), all providing meals and accommodation.
Sporting facilities include bowls, golf, tennis, swimming, squash and a new skate park facility.
The Western Downs Regional Council operates a public library in Jandowae at 22 George Street.
The Jinghi Valley branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association meets at the Jandowae Tennis Clubhouse on High Street.
St Paul's Anglican Church is at 33-35 Market Street ().
The Immaculate Conception Catholic Church is at 49-53 Hickey Street ().
Jandowae-Warra Uniting Church is at 11 George Street ().
Jandowae Memorial Hall is at 38 George Street (). It can be booked for community events.
Education
Jandowae State School is a government primary and secondary (Prep-10) school for boys and girls at 44 George Street (). In 2016, the school had an enrolment of 123 students with 14 teachers (13 equivalent full-time) and 11 non-teaching staff (8 equivalent full-time). In 2018, the school had an enrolment of 152 students with 15 teachers (13 full-time equivalent) and 12 non-teaching staff (8 full-time equivalent).
For secondary education to Year 12, the nearest schools are Dalby State High School in Dalby to the south and Chinchilla State High School in Chinchilla to the west.
Activities
The major festival in Jandowae is the Jandowae Timbertown festival. The festival, held biennially, recognises and celebrates the contribution that the timber industry has made to Jandowae and attracts 3,000 to 4,000 people to the town. Other events in the town include a senior pro-am golf tournament and the Jandowae Cup race meeting.
Notable people
Timothy Tovell, an Australian airman in World War I who smuggled a young French orphan out of France and to Australia.
Gallery
References
External links
Jandowae - the dollar block town - Community website
Towns in Queensland
Towns in the Darling Downs
Western Downs Region
Localities in Queensland
Georg Wellhöfer (16 March 1893 – 13 December 1968) was a German international footballer.
References
1893 births
1968 deaths
Sportspeople from Fürth
Footballers from Bavaria
Association football defenders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
1. FC Saarbrücken managers
German football managers
Marie Luise Neunecker (born 17 July 1955) is a German horn player and professor at the Hochschule für Musik "Hanns Eisler".
Professional career
Neunecker was born in Erbes-Büdesheim. They studied musicology and German studies. They completed their horn studies with at the Hochschule für Musik Köln. In 1978 they started their career at the Opern- und Schauspielhaus Frankfurt as second horn. In 1979 they were appointed principal horn with the Bamberg Symphony, and from 1981 to 1989 they held the same position with the hr-Sinfonieorchester. They have appeared as a soloist with various orchestras worldwide, and is also active as a chamber music player.
In 1986 they won first prize at the Concert Artists Guild international competition in New York.
In 1988 they were appointed professor at the Frankfurt Academy of Music and Performing Arts, and in 2004 they were appointed professor of horn at the Hochschule für Musik "Hanns Eisler".
Volker David Kirchner dedicated their Orfeo for baritone, horn and piano on poems from Rilke's Sonnets to Orpheus to her, premiered on 6 May 1988 in Karlsruhe with Hermann Becht and Nina Tichman.
György Ligeti dedicated to them their Hamburg Concerto, which they premiered on 20 January 2001 in Hamburg with the Asko Ensemble. They also recorded the work for Teldec's Ligeti Project series.
Recordings include works by Britten, Hindemith, Mozart and Richard Strauss and also lesser known repertory, such as horn concertos by Reinhold Glière, Paul Hindemith, Othmar Schoeck, and Vissarion Shebalin; three works for horn and piano by Alexander Glazunov; Poème by Charles Koechlin; and the concerto for violin, horn and orchestra by Ethel Smyth.
They have served on the jury of .
Discography
Concertante works
Chamber music
Notes
External links
Marie Luise Neunecker at Künstlersekretariat Schoerke
Marie Luise Neunecker at the Semperoper
Entries for Marie Luise Neunecker on WorldCat
German classical horn players
German women academics
Living people
1955 births
German women musicians
People from Alzey-Worms
Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln alumni
20th-century women musicians
20th-century classical musicians
20th-century German musicians
21st-century women musicians
21st-century classical musicians
21st-century German musicians
Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler Berlin faculty
20th-century German women
21st-century German women
Edmond Roudnitska (1905–1996) was a French master perfumer and author.  They are known for creating perfumes such as Dior's Eau Sauvage and Diorissimo, and Rochas's Femme. Many of their creations are still in production. They were the father of perfumer Michel Roudnitska.
In 1926, they started their training in perfumery in Grasse. In 1942, they met Thérèse Delveaux, who became their wife. In 1946, they founded Art et Parfum, a private lab for creating perfumes.
Diorissimo, based on lily of the valley, was a notable achievement in the field of perfumery. Unlike rose or jasmine, the smell of lily of the valley cannot be extracted from essential oil of the flower. Roudnitska circumvented the problem by using aroma chemicals like hydroxycitronellal.
For Christian Dior
Diorama (1948)
Diorling (1951)
Eau Fraîche (1955)
Diorissimo (1956)
Eau Sauvage (1966)
Diorella (1972)
Dior-Dior (1976)
For Elizabeth Arden
It's You (1939)
On Dit (1952)
Elly (1955)
Arden (1956)
For Hermès
Eau d'Hermès (1951)
Grande Eau d'Hermès (1987)
Hermes Rogue (1988)
For Rochas
Femme (1944)
Mousseline (1946)
Mouche (1947)
Moustache (1949)
La Rose (1949)
Other scents
Le Parfum de Thérèse (early 1950s); rights acquired from Roudnitska's wife Thérèse (for whom it was originally created in the early 1950s) by Frederic Malle, produced from 2000. One of the best chypres with its water fruit accord that was considered way too avant garde and ahead of its time.
Ocean Rain Mario Valentino®, a male fragrance for Mario Valentino (1990); Roudnitska's last creation
Cristalle EDT for Chanel, with perfumer Henri Robert.
Published works
Edmond Rudnitska. Le Parfum. Collection: Que sais-je?. Paris: Presses Universitaires de France - PUF, 1980 (5th edition 2000).
Odile Moréno, René Bourdon, Edmond Roudnitska (André Chastel, préface). L'Intimité du Parfum. Paris: Olivier Perrin, 1974.
Edmond Rudnitska. Former les Hommes, Mythe ou Réalité?. Paris: Olivier Perrin, 1975. ASIN B0014MHB8W
L'Esthétique en Question: Introduction à une Esthétique de l'Odorat. Paris: Presses Universitaires de France - PUF. ASIN B0014MG4VM
Une Vie au Service du Parfum (essays beginning 1938 forward). Paris: Thérèse Vian, 1991.
References
External links
English Language Works by Perfumer Edmond Roudnitska
Edmond Roudnitska on scentertainer
1905 births
1996 deaths
People from Nice
French perfumers
French male writers
Dior people
History of cosmetics
20th-century French male writers
The Al Jahra Force was a Kuwait task force, of roughly brigade strength, requested by then, Kuwait Minister of Defense, Sheikh Saad Al-Salim Al-Sabah and formed by Major General Mubarak Abdullah Al-Jaber Al-Sabah and their deputy Brigadier General Saleh Mohammed Al-Sabah; subsequently being tasked to the respective combat commanders on October 15, 1973, after the outbreak of the Yom Kippur War. The force, consisting of more than 3,000 men, was organized into a Tank Battalion, an infantry battalion, two companies of artillery, an anti-aircraft company and a combat company of the Kuwait 25th Commando Brigade. In addition, the task force also included medical, engineering and signal units. The brigade remained active until the end of September 1974, and then returned to Kuwait after a farewell ceremony in Damascus.
The task force was equipped with Vickers main battle tanks, Ferret armoured car, and Alvis Saracen. The first combat company equipped artillery batteries type Mk F3 155mm self-propelled guns while the second combat company packed 120 mm mortars type. The anti-tank combat units were equipped with Carl Gustav recoilless rifle. The anti-aircraft combat company was equipped with triple barrel anti-aircraft guns type 20 mm.
See also
Chief of the General Staff (Kuwait)
Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah
Military of Kuwait
1973 Samita border skirmish
References
Yom Kippur War
Military of Kuwait
History of Kuwait
Military units and formations established in 1973
Military units and formations disestablished in 1974
The 2008 Saudi Crown Prince Cup Final was the 33rd final of the Crown Prince Cup. It took place on 7 March 2008 at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and was contested between Al-Hilal and Al-Ettifaq. It was Al-Ettifaq's fourth Crown Prince Cup final and Al-Hilal's eighth. This was the first meeting between these two clubs in the final. It was Al-Ettifaq's first final since 2001 and Al-Hilal's third final in four years.
Al-Hilal won the match 2–0 to claim their seventh Crown Prince Cup title. It was also their third title in four years, following those in 2005 and 2006.
Teams
Venue
The King Fahd International Stadium was announced as the host of the final venue. This was the eighth Crown Prince Cup final hosted in the King Fahd International Stadium following those in 1992, 1994, 1998, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006.
The King Fahd International Stadium was built in 1982 and was opened in 1987. The stadium was used as a venue for the 1992, 1995, and the 1997 editions of the FIFA Confederations Cup. Its current capacity is 68,752 and it is used by the Saudi Arabia national football team, Al-Nassr, Al-Shabab, and major domestic matches.
Background
Al-Hilal reached their eighth final after a 1–0 aggregate win against Al-Shabab. This was Al-Hilal's third final in the four years.
Al-Ettifaq reached their fourth final, after a 4–3 aggregate win against defending champions Al-Ahli. They reached their first final since 2001 when they finished as runners-up losing to Al-Ittihad.
This was the first meeting between these two sides in the Crown Prince Cup final. The two teams met each other six times in the finals of other competitions, twice in the King Cup and four times in the Federation Cup. Al-Ettifaq won twice in the King Cup and once in the Federation Cup, while Al-Hilal 3 times in the Federation Cup. The two teams played each other four times in the season prior to the final, twice in the 2007 Gulf Club Champions Cup, once in the League and once in the Federation Cup. Al-Ettifaq defeated Al-Hilal 2–1 on aggregate in the semi-finals of the Gulf Club Champions Cup. Al-Hilal defeated Al-Ettifaq 2–0 in both the League and Federation Cup.
Road to the final
Key: (H) = Home; (A) = Away
Match
Details
See also
2007–08 Saudi Crown Prince Cup
2007–08 Saudi Premier League
References
External links
Sports competitions in Saudi Arabia
March 2008 sports events in Asia
Al Hilal SFC matches
Ettifaq FC
William Cotton was the Archdeacon of Totnes.
They were born in London, the son of William Cotton, who was archdeacon of Lewes and later Bishop of Exeter, and the brother of Edward Cotton. They were educated at Christ Church, Oxford, matriculating in 1597 or 1598, and graduating B.A. in 1602 and M.A. in 1605. They became vicar of Breage, Cornwall, canon of Exeter Cathedral in 1607, precentor of Exeter Cathedral in 1607, rector of Whimple in 1608, and rector of Silverton, Devon in 1613. They were collated archdeacon of Totnes in 1621, serving until 1622.
They married [settlement 23 Jul 1607] Elizabeth, daughter of John Hender, of Bottreaux Castle, Cornwall by their wife Jane Thorne. They were father of Edward, born around 1632. William made their will on 26 Apr 1652, and it was proved in London on October 28, 1656.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
16th-century births
17th-century deaths
Popularly called as the "Manchester of South India", the culture of Coimbatore is based on the culture of the Kongu Nadu region, the western part of Tamil Nadu.Distinctly different from that of any other city in India. Being a cosmopolitan city, the culture of the city reflects its diverse population which has resulted in a unique blend. Though it is generally considered a traditional city, Coimbatore is more diverse and cosmopolitan than other cities in Tamil Nadu. Traditional music, dance and all other art forms of Tamil Nadu are very popular in the city. One can find a unique blend of culture from traditional foods to fast foods, from ancient temple architecture to modern high-rises and from classical music and dance to the growing nightlife in the city. Coimbatore and its people have a reputation for entrepreneurship.
Music and arts
The city conducts its own music festival every year. Art, dance and music concerts are held annually during the months of September and December (Tamil calendar month – Margazhi). The heavy industrialisation of the city has also resulted in the growth of trade unions.
People
The city's population is predominantly Hindu, along with a small group of Muslim population. Christians, Sikhs and Jains are also present in small numbers. Coimbatore also has a large number of Telugus, Kannadigas , Malayalis, mainly from Palakkad and North Indians, mainly Gujaratis, who are engaged in trade and commerce. During the 1970s the city witnessed a population explosion as a result of migration fuelled by increased economic growth and job opportunities.
Religion
There are numerous temples in and around the city including the Perur Temple, Koniamman Temple, Puliakulam Vinayagar Temple, Kottai Eshwaran Temple, Eachanari Vinayagar Temple, Thandu Mariamman Temple, Marudamalai Murugan Temple, Singanallur Aravan Temple, ISKCON Temple, Karamadai temple, Loga Nayaga Shani Eswaran shrine, Astamsa Varada Anjaneyar temple, Panchamuga Anjaneya temple and Dhyanalinga Yogic Temple. The Mariamman festivals, at the city's numerous Amman temples, are major events in summer. The mosques on Oppanakara Street and Big Bazaar Street date back to the period of Hyder Ali. Christian missions date back to 1647 when permission was granted by the Nayak rulers to set up a small church in Karumathampatti . It was destroyed by Tipu Sultan's army resulting in a new church in 1804. In 1886, Coimbatore was constituted as a diocese after bifurcating with Puducherry. Sikh Gurudwaras and Jain Temples are also present in Coimbatore. The Puliakulam Vinayagar Temple stands with the biggest lord Ganesha's statue in Asia. Bethesda Prayer Centre is available at Karunya Nagar.
Cuisine
Coimbatore cuisine is predominantly south Indian with rice as its base. However, the population of Coimbatore is multi-cultural due to the influx of migrant population from various regions of the country. Most locals still retain their rural flavour, with many restaurants serving food over a banana leaf. North Indian, Chinese and continental cuisines are also available. Mysore pak (a sweet made from lentil flour and ghee), idly, dosa, Halwa (a sweet made of different ingredients like milk, wheat, rice). The Annapoorna Gowrishankar Hotels is a gem of this region known for its high quality vegetarian food and their Sambar ( The sambar for all its branches around Coimbatore are prepared in a single large batch and then delivered to the branches, thus the taste remains consistent). Biryani is also popular among the locals. Apart from this Coimbatore has a very active street food culture, thanks to the migratory North Indian population that settled down here a few generations ago, in fact a streetfood that is popular all over Tamil Nadu The Kaazhaan has its origins here in Coimbatore, it is usually prepared by simmering deep fried mushrooms( usually chopped mushroom) in a spicy broth, until it reaches a porridge like consistency and served sprinkled with chopped onions and coriander leaves.
Language
Kongu Tamil is the dialect of Tamil language that is spoken majorly in the city. It is originally known as "Kangee"` or "Kongalam" or "Coimbatore Tamil" or "Kongappechu" or 'Kongu Bashai'. The speciality of Kongu Tamil is the use of the alveolar ற – Tra/Dra (as in the English word track) instead of retroflex T/D (ட) of standard Tamil. For example, 'ennuDaya' (mine) of standard Tamil is pronounced enRa in the Kongu dialect. Additionally the use of guttural nasal (ங்) that sounds "ng" as in the English word Gang, is more prevalent in Kongu Tamil, leading to situations where the grammar of Kongu Tamil would not fit into the grammar of standard Tamil (as laid down in authoritative treatises like Tolkappiyam and Nannool). One of the examples is the use of ங் to end a word like வாங் "vaang", means 'come' expressed in a respectful tone, which in standard Tamil would be "vaanga". English is increasingly spoken by the educated class and other languages spoken in the city include Malayalam, Kannada, Telugu and Urdu.
Festivals
Coimbatore celebrates many festivals including local temple festivals such as :
Thai Pongal, celebrated in the month of January, is the most important festival of and is celebrated over a period of five days. Pongal has been designated the "State Festival" for its unique celebration that is typical of Tamil Nadu
Tamil New Year signifying the beginning of the Tamil calendar usually falls in April and is celebrated widely with special poojas in temples
Being a cosmopolitan city, almost all major festivals like Deepavali, Eid and Christmas are celebrated here
Onam is also celebrated with much fanfare due to a considerable Malayali immigrant population
Koniamman Temple car festival is celebrated in the month of March each year
Perur Temple car festival is celebrated in the month of March each year
Perur Temple Seedling Planting festival is celebrated each year in the month of June
Vinayagar Chathurthi is celebrated in major temples such as Puliakulam Vinayagar Temple and Eachanari Vinayagar Temple
Aravan Festival is celebrated as a "Community Reconciliation Festival" in Coimbatore in various places such as Vellalore, Thudiyalur, Kurichi, Singanallur, Annur, Vadavalli and Kattampatti
References
Coimbatore
Indian culture by community
Tamil culture
Georges Kan (born in 1958) is a French musicologist, music publisher and composer. Kan has written several articles, notably for the series "À la ligne" of the ensemble 2e2m. Their research also concerns the link between music and literature: they suggest Brahms' Violin Sonata No. 2 as a possible model for the Vinteuil Sonata. They have collaborated with the .
Born in Enghien-les-Bains, Kan studied music at the Limoges Conservatory, then at the Rubin Academy of Tel-Aviv-Jaffa, in Walter Aufhauser's piano class.
Publisher
Kan founded the "Éditions musicales européennes" (EME) in 1994 which was dissolved in 2010; they published nearly 500 works, including the works of composers of the new generation such as , Thierry Pécou, , Paul Méfano, Alain Louvier, Johannes Schöllhorn, Alberto Posadas, , , and Aureliano Cattaneo, – and those of composers of the beginning of the 20th century, including André Gedalge and Jacques de La Presle.
Through their intense editorial activity and close ties with composers, Kan is the dedicatee of several musical works: Gennevilliers Symphony (2003) by Bernard Cavanna, Clouds and Sky (2010) by Johannes Schöllhorn, Cripsis (2001) by Alberto Posadas, La Noia (2004) by François Narboni, Zéphyr (1999) by Suzanne Giraud, Sopherim (1998) by Philippe Schœller, Bing (2009) by .
Musicology, writings, compositions
In 2008, impressed by the quality of the publications of the Artaria publishing house in Vienna (1796), they embarked on a pre-romantic reconstitution of Beethoven's piano sonatas. They published research on the opus 2 and opus 7.
In particular, they propose a link between Beethoven's Piano Sonata No. 22 and the Battle of Valmy.
Their recent research on Bach's The Well-Tempered Clavier directs them towards a new analysis of the cover page graphics of the manuscript leading to a possible link to the Book of Genesis.
Kan is also the author/translator of musical notices (Spur by Johannes Schöllhorn, Ça sonne by Bernard Cavanna) and the composer of educational works (Sept Études sur les intervalles for piano, two pieces (Ondée and Romance) for clarinet and piano).
Their Piano Concert premiered in 1989 at the Salle Cortot by Martine Vialatte and the Ensemble orchestral d'Île-de-France, Bruno de Saint-Maurice conducting, and has been available on CD since 2015.
In 1999, they also launched a manifesto, with the support of 250 artists, on the programming of France Musique, expressing concern about the development of this radio station: "Everything concerning musicological knowledge, the diffusion of Baroque music, the encouragement of young talents, the discovery of traditional music and finally contemporary creation, everything has evaporated." , then director of that radio station, stayed the course and replied that the station could not be confiscated by specialists, musicologists and academics, and that the idea was to make this musical programme available to a wide audience.
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Enghien-les-Bains
20th-century French musicologists
21st-century French musicologists
French music publishers (people)
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
This is a list of notable organizations that provide services or work on issues related to homelessness.
A–B
100,000 Homes Campaign, a US program with the mission of placing 100,000 chronically homeless people in stable housing.
Abahlali baseMjondolo, a popular, entirely non-professionalized and democratic mass movement of shack dwellers and other poor people in South Africa
Acting for Life
Ali Forney Center
Anti-Poverty Committee, an organisation based in Vancouver, British Columbia, that campaigns against poverty and homelessness
Association of Gospel Rescue Missions
Back on My Feet, an American urban homeless outreach organization based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, centered on overcoming homelessness through running
Barefoot Foundation
Barnabus Manchester
The Big Issue Foundation
Bill Wilson Center
The Booth Centre
Breaking Ground
Top of page
C–D
Caretakers Cottage
Carrfour Supportive Housing, established in 1993 to end homelessness in Miami, Florida
Casa Alianza, a charity and NGO whose aims are the rehabilitation and the defence of street children in Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and Nicaragua
Catching Lives
Catharsis (organization)
Catholic Charities
Centrepoint (charity)
Church penitentiary
Citizens for Public Justice
Coalition on Homelessness, a homeless advocacy and social justice organization that focuses on creating long-term solutions to homelessness, poverty, and housing issues in San Francisco, California
Coast Shelter
Common Ground (Seattle)
Community of Sant'Egidio
Compass Family Services
Covenant House
Crisis (charity)
Dans la Rue
Detour House
Dignity Village
Dome Village
Downtown Emergency Service Center
Top of page
E–F
Emmaus (charity)
Empowerment Plan
Empty Homes Agency
Episcopal Community Services of San Francisco
Family Promise
FareStart
FEANTSA, the only major European network that focuses exclusively on homelessness at European level and receives financial support from the European Commission for the implementation of its activities
First Step Back Home
Florence House
Freight Train Riders of America
Frontline Foundation
Top of page
G–I
HabiJax
Habitat for Humanity
HomeAid
HomeGround Services
Homeless Workers' Movement, an urban social movement that fights for low-income housing rights in Brazil
Homes for the Homeless
Homes Not Jails
HOPE Atlanta
Horizon House
Hospitality House
Hotel de Gink
Housing Justice
Huckleberry House
I Have A Name Project
Interagency Council on Homelessness, a US federal program and office created by the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1986
International Brotherhood Welfare Association
Top of page
J–L
Jesuit Volunteer Corps
Joe Hill House
The Jon Bon Jovi Soul Foundation
Karluk Manor
LAMP Community
Lighthouse Vienna
Long Beach Rescue Mission
Top of page
M-N
Mad Housers
Manila Reception and Action Center
Midnight Mission :P
Milwaukee Normal School-Milwaukee Girls' Trade and Technical High School
Mission Australia
Museum of Homelessness
Najidah (Australia)
National Alliance to End Homelessness, a nonprofit organization which promotes measures to end homelessness in the United States
National Coalition for Homeless Veterans
The National Law Center on Homelessness and Poverty
New York City Department of Homeless Services
Notting Hill Housing Trust
Top of page
O–P
Old Brewery Mission
Operation Safety Net
Outside In (organization)
Ozone House
Pacific Garden Mission
Palladia (social services organization)
The Passage (charity)
Pathways to Housing, a not-for-profit organization whose goal is to provide housing for the mentally-challenged homeless of New York City
Peachtree-Pine shelter
Poor People's Alliance
Poverello Center
Project Compass
Project HOME
Projects for Assistance in Transition from Homelessness
Top of page
Q–R
Quarriers
Raphael House
Restaurants du Cœur
Rosewater Limited Liability Company, a homeless advocacy organization founded in Cleveland, Ohio
Rosie's Place, a sanctuary for poor and homeless women located in Boston, Massachusetts
Rough Sleepers Initiative
Rowton Houses
Ruth Ellis Center
Top of page
S
Safe Horizon
Saint Francis House, a daytime shelter for the homeless and poor in downtown Boston, Massachusetts
Saint Joseph's House of Hospitality (Pittsburgh)
Salvation Army
SAMU Social, a municipal emergency service in several cities in France whose purpose is to provide care and medical aid to homeless people
San Antonio Housing Authority
Sanyukai, an NGO operating in the San'ya district in Tokyo, Japan which offers free services to the homeless
The Scott Mission
Seaton House
Seattle Youth Garden Works
Second Harvest Toronto
Second Presbyterian Church (Chattanooga, Tennessee)
Self-Master Colony
Shelter (charity), a registered charity that campaigns to end homelessness and bad housing in England and Scotland
Shelterhouse
The Shoebox Project for Shelters
Single Homeless Project
So Others Might Eat
The Society for the Relief of the Homeless Poor
Society of St James
South Park Inn
Southern Youth and Family Services
St Mungo's (charity)
St Patrick's Church, Hove
St. Anthony Foundation
St. Paul's Episcopal Church (Chattanooga, Tennessee)
StandUp for Kids
Street Medicine Institute
Street Outreach Program
Streetlife (charity)
Sheltersuit Foundation
Sulzbacher Center
Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission
Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF)
Top of page
T–U
Take Back the Land
Taldumande Youth Services
TECHO
Tent City 4
Thames Reach
Tipping Point Community
Toronto House of Industry
Transitional Living for Older Homeless Youth
Union Rescue Mission
United States Interagency Council on Homelessness
Top of page
W–Z
Veterans Aid
Veterans Transition Center
Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless
Wayside Chapel
Weingart Center for the Homeless
Welsh Presbyterian Church (Columbus, Ohio)
Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign, a South African social movement struggling against evictions and other causes of homelessness
Wild Goose Café
Wintringham Specialist Aged Care
Yfoundations
Youth Off The Streets
Youthcare Hervey Bay
See also
List of tent cities in the United States
References
Homelessness
Nicole Monserrat Natalino Torres (born March 5, 1989) is a Chilean singer who is a current member of Chilean pop rock band Kudai (previously known as Ciao). They had left the group voluntarily in 2006, and in 2008 made a comeback with their solo music career, which lasted a few years. During their estrangement from music, they studied interior design. In 2016, they and the other original Kudai members reunited.
Biography
Early life
Nicole Natalino started by doing voices for commercials and their musical debut was at the age of 10. Even though they were a very shy girl, their mother convinced them attend the casting for Ciao. The casting for the group Ciao was held in Chile by their later manager Pablo Vega. Nicole was chosen, along with another girl and two boys (Pablo Holman and Tomás Manzi), by Pablo Vega and together they began their musical career. Ciao sang Italian songs translated to Spanish for children. Together Nicole Natalino, Pablo Holman, Tomás Manzi, and Barbara Sepúlveda achieved a successful musical career. Due to their success as Ciao and their age, years later they became Kudai; still under Pablo Vega's management. Together they chose the group's new name, Kudai, which they took from the word in Mapudungun, meaning "hard-working young man". In 2004 they met Guz (Gustavo Pinochet) and along with Guz the group wrote their first album as teens and Kudai titled "Vuelo".
Kudai (2004–2006)
In 2004 they released their first studio album Vuelo. Their first single was "Sin Despertar" which was very successful and popular with teenagers in Latin America. At the beginning of 2005 they released their second single, the ballad "Ya Nada Queda" with great success as well, and later came their third single "Escapar". In August their album Vuelo became platinum. In September 2005, they were nominated for the "Best Central Artist" award and the "Best New Central Artist" award in the MTV Video Music Awards Latin America 2005. In that same month, they released their first DVD of their first tour (2004–2005). With great success in South and Central America their album, Vuelo, was edited in more than six countries and the group passed to form a part of EMI Records. At the beginning of 2006 and with their new album already in the making, they began touring in Chile. Due to the success of their first album they received an invitation to obe of the best events in Latin America, Viña del Mar. Due to their busy schedule they had to decline the invitation to Viña del Mar International Song Festivalthat same year they released the first single of their new album Sobrevive.
"Dejame Gritar" was their first single and soon became the Nº1 requested song in radio stations and the most popular music video on Latin MTV. The success of "Sobrevive" took them all the way to Mexico where they became very popular and began the promotion of their first album "Vuelo". In June of that same year and in the middle of the first International tour, the group suffered their first tragedy. Nicole Natalino decided to leave the tour and headed back to Chile. Many rumors spread but it was later said that Nicole went back due to stress and that they would come back. But on June 21, 2006, the Chilean press and tabloids confirmed that Nicole would no longer be part of the group. At that moment, the three remaining members of Kudai and their manager Pablo Vega decided to replace them with Ecuadorian Gabriela Villalba, ex-member of Kiruba who had been the opening act to the group during a few presentations in Ecuador.
Later the group confirmed that Villalba was staying for good and they re-recorded their latest album "Sobrevive" where they removed Nicole's voice and replaced it with Villalba's. Although they re-recorded the album, the version with Nicole's voice was the version with most copies sold. Kudai continued with their tour and their appearances on television to promote their new album, they even performed on the Mexican Disney Channel with a pre-recording in which even though Gabriela Villalba held the microphone, it was Nicole's voice that fans heard. On October 19, 2006, Kudai won the MTV Video Music Award Latin America for "Best Pop Artist" with their first album "Vuelo". In the acceptance speech, member of Kudai Tomás Cañas gave Nicole credit for their work. Nicole later appeared on Chilean television and confirmed that they saw the award show and although they were given credit in the speech, they were not awarded a tongue.
Solo career
Nicole works together with the vocalist of Lucybell Claudio Valenzuela on the debut album and ex-producer of Kudai Gustavo Pinochet and their new band SUM. In the song "Nadie" gives voice to the chorus, only they present a demo of the above-mentioned song, after it they made song one with Cristian Cardemil called "Flores Crecerán". Nicole Natalino tried to take a normal life but it could not, felt that the music was calling them to the stages was as well as they decide to return to the music under Gustavo's Pinochet production where their album is preparing debut that will go out to the sale in the first of November 2008, already their first one sounds in the radios single "No Hay Más" released in the radio Hit 40 on July 28, 2008. Some months later Los 40 Principales of Spain are nominated for their first single "No Hay Más", being the first artist in to be nominated with only a success given to knowing about their production.
Them return to music and Eternidad (2008–2010)
After two years of being away from music and the stage, they began recording what would become their first solo album with the help of Guz in the production and Dr. Alfa in the compositions, whose first single "No Hay Más" was launched on July 28, 2008, on the radio Hit 40, was a success and standing fast in the first national radio stations.
The expectation of the fans from outside was enormous and the single "No Hay Más" then went on the radio in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Mexico, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia.
They were nominated by that single in the Top 40 Awards Spain, being the first singer to be nominated with just a playing issue. A month later they recorded their video, where they presented their new image. The clip garnered attention in Via X Zona Latina and later on MTV.
Nicole Natalino was baptized as "Nico" because as it is a shorter name and more staff, including family, friends, and tell that.
Then came the second single and I will be announced the release of their album Eternity on 4 December of that year containing ten new songs plus two speakers. Nicole Natalino signed discs from their fans present that day and sang live their first two singles "No More" and "I will" plus a medley of Kudai.
Later release their second music video "I will" also announcing its first solo concert for the January 18, 2009 filled that day passed all the subjects of their album and signed autographs after the show to their fans.
Later presentations are scheduled the first of Eternidad abroad in Peru, Ecuador and Colombia in June and July 2009 Nico noticed that leaving out Kudai is less important than in Chile "Really, when I talk to journalists in Peru or Colombia, or the fans, or radios, they all seem very natural that it is now singing alone and trying to make a name for myself", said.
Nicole Natalino Twitter Miss Chile was the month of July. A contest that was born among social network users and seeks to reward the most beautiful girl, friendly and communicative Twitter.
On August 16 they participated in the concerts in Chile at the Teatro Caupolicán meeting for the first time to 13 local female performers that stand between Nicole, Denisse Malebrán, Javiera Parra, Francisca Valenzuela among others, being the youngest of the group which represented the younger generation as well as a touch pop.
Besides music Nico joined the campaign to prevent teen pregnancy by saying "the decision has to be initiated sexually mature and after a deep personal process".
They were nominated for the first time solo for Best New Artist Center in Los MTV 10 on October 15 was the awards ceremony in Bogota.
On November 22, participates in the National Music Day along with other artists in the Parque O'Higgins.
Was chosen to perform "Forever Young" by Violeta Parra between 10 emblematic songs of all time in Chile for the competence of the Festival de Viña 2010 Bicentennial Chile. of which only one was a festival competition. The cut out for the obvious commercial emphasis behind the production at the expense of a quality work successfully performed more faithful to the original topic.
But do not stay within the 5 most voted songs Camino a Viña program delivered on November 28 on Channel 13 in conjunction with National Television of Chile Twitter Nico confessed their confusion by the negative results but the next day at the same half said
"Sometimes you win sometimes you lose but family and friends will always be there! Thank you very much for all your everlasting love and support".
In January 2010 they participated in a tour called Tour Glass Show and traveled throughout the southern and central Chile in the Truck Glass: The route of the Chilean music with the band electro-pop of The Plugin, band led by former La Ley, Rodrigo "Coti" Aboitiz, Nabu and the revelation of the electro-rock, 2009 Mawashi. The truck pulls up and down the walls to reveal a stage with amps, instruments and band in vivo.
They composed the theme for the movie Bicentennial "Esmeralda" which they played live with Denisse Guerrero Mario Malebran and aboard a replica of the Corvette Esmeralda.
Nicole Natalino recorded a track for the foundation of cienmanos soon be revealed this song. Nico was preparing for their second album with the designer Gustavo Pinochet Kudai Music. Nico has recorded the video "a secret between the two" Nicolás Majorca, this was released later in 2010.
Kudai comeback (2016–present)
In early 2016, Natalino, along with Sepúlveda and Manzi, accepted Holman's proposal to form Kudai again, with the original line-up, thus discarding Villalba (Natalino's substitute during the Kudai first run). On November 30 of that year, on the occasion of the "Kudai International Day", Natalino and their bandmates officially announce the return to the stages.
On February 26, 2017, the new single ("Aqui Estaré") with its music video is published. It marks the first Natalino's appearance in a music video in more than 7 years and the first with their Kudai bandmates since Déjame Gritar in 2006.
In the concerts that Kudai performed in Chile, Peru, Bolivia and Mexico during 2017, Natalino also sang "Seré", from their solo career (Holman accompanying them in the chorus).
Discography
2008 Eternidad
Ciao
1999 El poder de los niños
Kudai
2004 Volar
2006 Survive
2010 Greatest Hits
Contributors
Ser on SUM (2007)
flowers will grow on Cristian Cardemil (2008)
A secret between the two by Nicolas Majorca (2009)
References
External links
NicoleNatalino.cl Official website.
1989 births
Living people
Chilean people of Italian descent
Chilean women singer-songwriters
Singers from Santiago
Chilean pop singers
Chilean rock singers
Pop rock singers
Chilean interior designers
21st-century Chilean women singers
Òscar Cadiach i Puig (born 1952 in Barcelona) is a Spanish mountain climber. They have climbed all the 14 eight-thousanders.
Life
Cadiach grew up in Tarragona. At age 14 they became interested in mountain climbing and with 22 they were working as an instructor at the Escola Catalana d'Alta Muntanya (‚Catalan high mountains school‘).
In the 1980s they started to climb the eight-thousanders with the Nanga Parbat being the first summit to be reached in 1984. In 1985 they climbed the Mount Everest, where Cadiach managed to climb the technically difficult Second Step unaided for the first time. In 2013 they climbed their 13th eight-thousander, the Gasherbrum I.
Besides they also traveled to America and Africa. They also worked as a photographer and took part in several documentary productions. In the documentary Al Filo de lo Imposible they took the role of George Mallory. For the Catalan TV program El Cim at TV3 they led six rather inexperienced young mountain climbers to the summit of Aconcagua in 2003.
Climbing of eight-thousanders
Cadiach has climbed the eight-thousanders in the following order:
Nanga Parbat (8126 m) on 07.08.1984
Mount Everest (8848 m) on 28.08.1985, second climb on 17.05.1993
Shishapangma (8027 m) on 04.10.1993
Cho Oyu (8201 m) on 29.09.1996, second climb on 04.05.1997
Makalu (8462 m) on 19.05.1998
Gasherbrum II (8035 m) on 07.07.1999
Lhotse (8516 m) on 23.05.2001
Manaslu (8163 m) on 04.10.2011
Annapurna (8091 m) on 06.05.2012
Dhaulagiri (8167 m) on 25.05.2012
K2 (8611 m) on 31.07.2012
Kangchenjunga (8586 m) on 20.05.2013
Gasherbrum I (8068 m) on 29.07.2013
Broad Peak (8047 m) on 27.07.2017
See also
List of 20th-century summiters of Mount Everest
List of Mount Everest summiters by number of times to the summit
References
Further reading
Eduard Sallent: El camí dels estels: una novel·la basada en Òscar Cadiach. Desnivel, 2012, .
External links
Official website oscarcadiach.com
Oscar Cadiach's Blog
1952 births
Living people
Spanish mountain climbers
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Spanish summiters of Mount Everest
Summiters of all 14 eight-thousanders
The Archers' Hall is the club house of the Royal Company of Archers, the Sovereign's Bodyguard in Scotland. It is located at 66 Buccleuch Street in the Southside of Edinburgh, and has been used by the company for over 230 years. Building commenced on 15 August 1776, and was completed in 1777 to designs by Alexander Laing. When the foundation stone was laid in 1776, two lines of Latin were inscribed on a plate which was set in the stone. These lines, beginning , were taken from:
The Royal Company of Archers were granted the motto "Nemo me impune lacessit" by a Royal charter of Queen Anne, 1713.
The building was extended in 1900 by Robert Rowand Anderson and their partner, A. F. Balfour Paul. The principal hall inside measures , and is high. Two other rooms of are contained in the building, as well as a kitchen, cellars, lobby, and other apartments. The ground behind the house was laid out into a bowling green, maintained by the Edinburgh Bowling Club until its redevelopment in 2008. The hall serves as a venue for various dinners and meetings of the Royal Company of Archers and the club. An external lodge, adjacent to the hall, houses an indoor changing rooms, shooting gallery and a bow workshop.
Archers' Hall is a category A listed building, a building "of regional or more than local importance". There is a proposal to demolish the lodge.
In 2008 09 the corner lodge, existing archery butts and bowling pavilion were demolished to improve club facilities. Inside, an 8-person lift was installed to connect the basement, principal and main hall levels, and new access through the north façade was built. The work also included repairs to existing stonework, and replacement of missing sections using natural stone chosen to match. The work was carried out by LDN Architects. Since 9 February 2008 the club's commercial entity is Bowmen Limited, a registered private company. It caused considerable distress when Edinburgh Bowling Club, founded in 1848 and said to be Edinburgh's oldest, was obliged by the Royal Company of Archers to vacate the site. The Edinburgh Bowling Club subsequently disbanded and closed.
The Archers' Hall development involved an extension to house archery practice ranges and the creation of fifteen two and three-storey multiple occupancy residences to provide accommodation for around 75 University of Edinburgh postgraduate students which the university has taken on a long lease. The project makes imaginative use of the space available and is focused around a lawn area where the original bowling green was. Among those organisations involved were Sir Robert McAlpine, Harley Haddow engineers and LDN Architects.
Public access to the Archers' Hall is available by appointment.
References
Buildings and structures completed in 1777
Buildings and structures in Edinburgh
Category A listed buildings in Edinburgh
The 2016 FIBA U18 Women's European Championship Division C was the 11th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U18 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-18 basketball championship. It was played in Tbilisi, Georgia, from 8 to 13 July 2016. Armenia women's national under-18 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Group A
Group B
5th–7th place classification
Group C
Championship playoffs
Final standings
References
2016
2016–17 in European women's basketball
FIBA U18
Sports competitions in Tbilisi
FIBA
Maprik-Wora Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Klabu 1
02. Klabu 2
03. Jame
04. Niamikum
05. Kuminimbis 1
06. Kuminimbis 2
07. Nagipaim
08. Neligum
10. Maprik 1
11. Kinbangua
12. Wora
13. Gwelikum 1
14. Gatnikum
15. Aupik
16. Lehinga
17. Ningalimbi
18. Serakikum
82. Maprik Urban
References
Local-level governments of East Sepik Province
Love in the Future is the fourth studio album by American singer John Legend. The album was released on August 30, 2013, by GOOD Music and Columbia Records. The album, executive produced by Legend, Kanye West and Dave Tozer, features guest appearances from Kimbra, Rick Ross, Stacy Barthe and Seal. The album was supported by four singles, "Who Do We Think We Are", "Made to Love", "All of Me" and "You & I (Nobody in the World)". Love in the Future received generally positive reviews from music critics. The album debuted at number 4 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 68,000 copies in its first week.
Background
In August 2013, during an interview with XXL, John Legend spoke about how long it took them to finish the album, saying: "Well I did the Wake-Up! album with The Roots in 2010, so it's really only been three years in my mind, because I put as much energy and time into that as I would my own album. Then I did some shows with them and I toured with Sade, so I spent a decent amount of time on the road, and then I spent the past couple of years on the album. It took a little longer on this album than on previous albums, but I'm really just a year off my pace." They also spoke about working with Kanye West on the album, saying: "I worked with Kanye more on this album than I had before, and I think part of it is just us connecting and getting together to create, given how busy they are and how busy I am. Just finding time for us to work together kind of added a little bit of extra time to the process. But I think it was worth it." They also spoke about how they feel this is their best album yet, saying: "I feel like it's my best album yet, and I think creatively, we did some great things. The collaboration and the talent that we have on the album is better than we've ever had. As far as producers, co-writers and people just helping shape the sound. I feel like Kanye's leadership was great in helping to do that. I really feel good about it."
Singles
The album's lead single "Who Do We Think We Are" featuring Rick Ross was released on March 25, 2013. On May 6, 2013, the music video was released for the single. The album's second single "Made to Love" was released on June 18, 2013, and the music video was released on August 1, 2013.
"All of Me" impacted American mainstream urban radio as the album's third single on August 12, 2013. On October 2, 2013, its music video was released. "All of Me" has since peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming the highest-charting song from the album and John Legend's first number-one single of their career. "You & I (Nobody in the World)" was serviced to urban adult contemporary radio in the United States on April 29, 2014, as the fourth single.
Critical response
Love in the Future was met with generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 72, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 10 reviews. Andy Kellman of AllMusic gave the album four out of five stars, saying "This is a heavy, laboriously made set of songs. The list of producers alone includes Hit-Boy, Bink, 88 Keys, the Runners, Doc McKinney, Q-Tip, and Ali Shaheed Muhammad. Kanye West, and Dave Tozer pile on as co-producers and co-executive producers. Perhaps they ensured that the whole album would have its dramatic, slightly eerie tone; even the covers of Bobby Caldwell's "Open Your Eyes" and Anita Baker's "Angel" are a little uneasy. That level of sonic indulgence seems like it should be incompatible with an artist who is, essentially, a piano man, but Love in the Future is among Legend's best work, made for couples who are into one another for the long term while feeling a little daring and crazy. " Molloy Woodcraft of The Observer gave the album three out of five stars, saying "John Legend's fifth studio album is a far cry from their last, 2010's consciousness-raising, full-tilt collaboration with the Roots, Wake Up! The sound is positively pared in comparison, produced and programmed by the likes of Kanye West and Dave Tozer. Legend's voice is excellent throughout and comes to the fore on ballads such as All of Me." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine gave the album three out of five stars, saying "At 16 tracks, the album moves surprisingly fast, with few songs outstaying their welcome, but it ultimately fails to successfully push Legend into the future." Logan Smithson of PopMatters gave the album an eight out of ten, saying "Whether you've fallen victim to cuffing season or you're simply looking for some good music, Love in the Future can be your album. One could even make a very strong case for Love in the Future being Legend's best album to date."
At USA Today, Jerry Shriver gave the album three-and-a-half stars out of four, writing that Legend "has crafted a deeply romantic and soulful dowry". Jon Dolan of Rolling Stone gave the album three and a half stars out of five, saying "On Legend's fourth LP, executive producer Kanye West helps give them a plush, nuanced palette to match their signature emotional generosity and strong sensuality – from mountainous piano crushers like "All of Me" to "The Beginning," which flips a freaking Sara Bareilles sample into a promise of endless babymaking rapture. And you know he's gonna cook the fuck out of some breakfast in the morning." Ryan B. Patrick of Exclaim! gave the album a five out of ten, saying "Love in the Future? Speaking of which, any forthcoming John Legend documentary should be titled The Curious Case of John Stephens. For a musical prodigy that first burst out of the gate with a lively debut album (2004's Get Lifted), Legend has settled into a languid musical stride, one akin to a Las Vegas lounge singer." Ken Capobianco of The Boston Globe gave the album a positive review, saying "Don't be fooled by the title of John Legend's fourth solo record, as the music actually looks backward to sweeping romanticism and pop formalism. All of Legend's strengths are present: keen melodies, smooth vocal understatement, and artful arrangements. Essentially, the disc plays like a love letter to their fiancee, supermodel Chrissy Teigen, yet it resonates." Julia LeConte of Now gave the album three out of five stars, saying "Overall, this sounds like classic John Legend. There is something wonderful about a timeless performer not bending to current musical fads. If it ain't broke…."
Commercial performance
Love in the Future debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 chart, with first-week sales of 68,000 copies in the United States. In its second week the album sold 30,000 more copies. On May 14, 2014, the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for selling over 500,000 copies in the United States. It has sold 789,000 copies in the United States as of November 2016.
In the United Kingdom, the album debuted at number 28, making it Legend's lowest-charting studio album at the time, and initially spent only one week in the top 40, dropping thirty-six places to number 64 in its second week. However, the success of "All of Me" caused it to re-enter the top 40 at number 36 in the chart dated February 16, 2014. Love in the Future has so far spent twenty-six weeks in the top 40 (twenty-five of which came after the release of "All of Me") and has reached a new peak of number two, making it their highest-charting album to date and only their second album to reach the UK top ten.
Accolades
In December 2013, Love in the Future was nominated for Best R&B Album at the 2014 Grammy Awards.
Track listing
Notes
Track listing and credits from album booklet.
signifies a co-producer.
signifies an additional producer.
"Made to Love" features vocals by Kimbra and Aude Cardona.
"Save the Night" and "Aim High" feature background vocals by Jessyca Wilson.
"Tomorrow" features background vocals by Ashley Rodriguez.
"What If I Told You? (Interlude)" features background vocals by James Fauntleroy.
"Asylum" features vocals by Jessyca Wilson.
"Caught Up" features vocals by Aude Cardona and background vocals by Jessyca Wilson and Guordan Banks.
Sample credits
"The Beginning..." contains a sample from "Winter Song", written and performed by Sara Bareilles and Ingrid Michaelson.
"Open Your Eyes" is a cover to the track of the same name, written by Bobby Caldwell, Norman Harris, and Bruce Malament, and it contains a sample from "You're Gettin' a Little Too Smart", written by Abrim Tilmon, and performed by The Detroit Emeralds.
"Who Do We Think We Are" contains an excerpt from the live version of "Let Love Rule", written and performed by Lenny Kravitz; samples from "Mr. Big Stuff", written by Joseph Broussard, Carol Washington, and Ralph Williams, and performed by Jean Knight; and samples from "If I Should Die Tonight", written by Marvin Gaye and Ed Townsend, and performed by Gaye.
"Tomorrow" contains a sample from "Glowin'", written by Malcolm Rebennack, Jr., and performed by Dr. John.
"So Gone" contains a sample from "Always Together", written by Marcus Miller, Al Smith, Genevieve Smith, and Robin Smith, and performed by The Dells.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2013 albums
John Legend albums
Columbia Records albums
GOOD Music albums
Albums produced by 88-Keys
Albums produced by Bink (record producer)
Albums produced by Da Internz
Albums produced by Dave Tozer
Albums produced by Hit-Boy
Albums produced by John Legend
Albums produced by Kanye West
Albums produced by Malay (record producer)
Albums produced by Pharrell Williams
Albums produced by Q-Tip (musician)
Albums produced by the Runners
Albums produced by Travis Scott
Thabiso Paul Moqhali (born 7 December 1967) is a retired male marathon runner from Lesotho. They won the gold medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games held in Kuala Lumpur in a time of 2:19:15 hours, the slowest winning time since 1966. In addition they finished 16th at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
External links
sports-reference
1967 births
Living people
Lesotho male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Lesotho
Athletes (track and field) at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Lesotho
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
World Athletics Championships athletes for Lesotho
Lesotho male marathon runners
Samuel Oppenheimer (born 21 June 1630, Heidelberg – 3 May 1703, Vienna) was an Ashkenazi Jewish banker, imperial court diplomat, factor, and military supplier for the Holy Roman Emperor. They enjoyed the special favor of Emperor Leopold I, to whom they advanced considerable sums of money for the Great Turkish War. Prince Eugene of Savoy brought them a large number of valuable Hebrew manuscripts from Turkey, which became the nucleus of the famous David Oppenheim Library, now part of the Bodleian Library at Oxford.
Although the Jews had been recently expelled from Vienna in 1670, the emperor permitted Oppenheimer to settle there, together with their "Gesinde", their followers, who included a number of Jewish families. They even received the privilege of building a mansion in the heart of Vienna. They were appointed "Oberfaktor" and court Jew at the recommendation of Margrave Ludwig of Baden, the imperial general in Hungary, to whom they had advanced 100,000 gulden for war expenses. They also enabled Prince Eugene to provide medical attendance for the army during the Turkish war. About the year 1700, a riot broke out, possibly sanctioned by the royal court, to persuade Oppenheimer to relieve the court's debt. During the riot, houses were sacked and property looted, including Oppenheimer's. As a result, one man was hanged for sacking Oppenheimer's house and others were imprisoned for participating in the disturbance.
Oppenheimer took steps to suppress the anti-Semitic Entdecktes Judenthum (Judaism Unmasked) treatise by spending large sums of money to win the court and the Jesuits to the side of the Jews. As a result, an imperial edict was issued forbidding circulation of the author, Eisenmenger's, work. Oppenheimer was employed also by the emperor in political missions which were often of a delicate nature.
When Oppenheimer died, the state refused to honor its debts to their heir Emanuel and had their firm declared bankrupt. Their death brought deep financial crisis to the state; it experienced great difficulty in securing the credit necessary to meet its needs. Emanuel appealed to European rulers to whom the state owed money and who intervened on their behalf. After deliberate procrastination, the state refused Emanuel's demand for 6 million florins and instead demanded 4 million florins from him. This amount was based on a sum which (with compound interest), according to the state, Oppenheimer had allegedly obtained by fraud at the beginning of their career. Emanuel died in 1721 and the Oppenheimer estate was auctioned in 1763. Although Oppenheimer was not themselves learned, they were a benefactor on a scale hitherto unknown, building many synagogues and yeshivot and supporting their scholars. They also paid ransom for the return of Jews captured during the Turkish wars and supported as well R. Judah he-Hasid's voyage to Erez Israel in 1700. Known as Judenkaiser by their contemporaries, they were a man whose complex personality, a mixture of pride and reserve, defied historical analysis. Twenty years after their death it was estimated that more than 100 persons held residence in Vienna by virtue of their being included in Oppenheimer's privileges.
Oppenheimer was buried in the Rossauer Cemetery, the oldest Jewish cemetery in Vienna (Seegasse 9). Stones in the cemetery were buried during WWII for protection. Many were recovered and the cemetery was restored in the 1980s. One half of Samuel Oppenheimer's tombstone as well as the lower part of the second half were recovered during excavations in the cemetery in 2008 and was restored to its original location, as were the tombstones of several of their descendants. A photograph taken before the war reveals the elaborate inscriptions on their tombstone.
One of Oppenheimer's sons, Simon Wolf Oppenheimer, established a banking house in Hanover. Simon Wolff's son, Jakob Wolf Oppenheimer continued the family banking house. It was there, from 1757 to 1763, that Mayer Amschel Rothschild apprenticed and learned the banking business that would become synonymous with that family name. Oppenheimer's descendants include the composer Felix Mendelssohn.
References
Sources
Singer, Isidore and Kisch, Alexander. Oppenheimer, Samuel. JewishEncyclopedia.
Bibliographies of Jewish Encyclopedia:
L. A. Frankl, Wiener Epitaphien, p. xiv.;
Heinrich Grätz, Gesch. x. 308, 347, 428, 431;
Johann Jakob Schudt, Jüdische Merckwürdigkeiten, i. 351, 428;
Joseph Ritter von Wertheimer, Die Juden in Oesterreich vom Standpunkte der Geschichte, p. 133;
Gerson Wolf, Geschichte der Juden in Vienna, 1876;
Constant von Wurzbach, Biographisches Lexikon des Kaiserthums Oesterreich'' s.v.
External links
Samuel Oppenheimer – LOEB family tree
1635 births
1703 deaths
Court Jews
German Ashkenazi Jews
Austrian people of German descent
17th-century German businesspeople
German bankers
Jewish bankers
The 1892 Indiana gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1892. Democratic nominee Claude Matthews defeated incumbent Republican Ira Joy Chase with 47.45% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Claude Matthews, Democratic
Ira Joy Chase, Republican
Other candidates
Leroy Templeton, People's
Aaron Worth, Prohibition
Results
References
1892
Indiana
Gubernatorial
The Kentucky Wesleyan College Panthers men's basketball team represents Kentucky Wesleyan College, a private college of less than 1000 students located in Owensboro, Kentucky. The Panthers, a member of the Great Midwest Athletic Conference (G-MAC), have won eight NCAA Division II championships, most recently in 2001 and dating back to 1966.
Joel Utley has been the "voice of the Panthers" since the 1962 season (including all eight championships), and calls all the Wesleyan basketball games on local Owensboro radio station WBIO.
Conference play
Kentucky Wesleyan is a charter member of the G-MAC (Great Midwest Athletic Conference) that will begin active competition in the 2013–2014 academic season with 8 current NCAA Division II members and one institution transitioning from the NAIA, giving the NCAA D 2 conference 9 members in its first season of full activation. KWC will leave the Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) after the 2012–13 academic season. Its basketball team frequently represented the GLVC in the NCAA Division II tournament, winning four national championships in basketball while members of the GLVC. After coming off NCAA probation, the Panthers finished 13–14 in the 2007 season, and participated in the NCAA Division 2 tournament for five straight seasons from 2008 to 2012, and were Regional Runners-Up in the 2012 season.
Division II Championship appearances
The Panthers advanced to the Division II championship game six consecutive years (1998–2003), winning in 1999 and 2001; the team later forfeited its 2003 runner-up status after it was revealed they had let two ineligible transfer players play.
In addition, they won six other championships (1966, 1968, 1969, 1973, 1987, and 1990) and were runners-up in 1957. Overall, Kentucky Wesleyan has won eight NCAA Division II National Men's Basketball Championships, which is the most by any NCAA Division II School.
Notable players
Retired numbers
Eight Panthers have had their numbers retired. Seven players and team physician Dr. William McManus:
Three Kentucky Wesleyan basketball players played in the American Basketball Association: George Tinsley, Sam Smith, and Dallas Thornton. One Kentucky Wesleyan basketball player has played in the National Basketball Association: Corey Crowder. Crowder played two seasons in the NBA for the Utah Jazz (1991–1992) and the San Antonio Spurs (1994–1995) and later played 14 seasons in Italy, Spain, France and Israel. They were a key member of the 1990 NCAA Division II National Championship team. Crowder was a three-time All-American performer, newcomer of the year in the GLVC, two-time GLVC "Player of the Year" and the 1991 NABC "Player of The Year" in Division II, which helped get them elected to the Great Lakes Valley Conference Hall of Fame in 2002.Dazmond Starke 2012-2013, led the NCAA Division II in Field goal % with 67.4%.
Panthers in international leagues
Mohamed Abu Arisha (born 1997), Israeli basketball player for Hapoel Be'er Sheva of the Israeli Basketball Premier League and the Israeli national basketball team
History
Records
*** 20 wins & 5 losses were vacated from the 2003–04 season and for the 2002–03 season the school had to vacate their NCAA Tournament Appearance, the 5 games of the NCAA tournament, (including their NCAA Div II Runner-Up), along with the GLVC regular season championship.
References
External links
Grayslake is a commuter railroad station on Metra's Milwaukee District North Line in Grayslake, Illinois. The station is located on the corner of Lake Street and Saint Paul Street, from Union Station, the southern terminus of the line, and serves commuters between Union Station and Fox Lake, Illinois. In Metra's zone-based fare system, Grayslake is in zone I. As of 2018, Grayslake is the 103rd busiest of Metra's 236 non-downtown stations, with an average of 470 weekday boardings.
As of 2022, Grayslake is served by 11 inbound trains and 14 outbound trains on weekdays, by nine trains in both directions on Saturdays, and by all nine trains in both directions on Sundays.
Parking is available on both sides of the tracks, along the east side of Lake Street, the south side of St. Paul Street, and north of the intersection of St. Paul and Slusser Streets.
Grayslake is the only station on the Fox Lake Subdivision with two tracks and two platforms. Because of this, Grayslake is used as a passing siding to allow trains traveling in opposite directions to pass each other. Another station in Grayslake is on along Metra's North Central Service line. No connection is available to Washington Street station, as the two lines connect at .
Bus connections
Pace
570 Fox Lake-CLC
References
External links
Metra stations in Illinois
Former Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad stations
Railway stations in Lake County, Illinois
1895 establishments in Illinois
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1895
Big Lake is a rural community and lake of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia on the Chebucto Peninsula.
References
Explore HRM
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Lakes of Nova Scotia
The Maison Folie Wazemmes is a cultural facility of the City of Lille, opened on the occasion of the Lille 2004 event, European Capital of Culture. This former textile mill was rehabilitated by the Dutch agency Nox and the architect Lars Spuybroek accompanied by Ducks Scéno (Stylized as dUCKS scéno) is a French company based in Villeurbanne specializing in scenography and museography. for the design of the scenography of the 250-seat auditorium and the recording studio and Flanders Analyzes for the acoustic studies, to become in 2004, the house Folie Wazemmes.
Description
The Folie Wazemmes house is a mixed place, located in a district famous for its popular spirit and its cultural vitality.
With the vocation of promoting popular cultures and provoking encounters, its principle is diversity: it is at the heart of exchanges and multiple crossovers between disciplines, artists from all backgrounds, and especially audiences. The old factory, made up of two buildings arranged face to face and separated by an interior street, now contains exhibition rooms, spaces for creation and residence, an inn with multiple possibilities and configurations, a meeting room. conviviality, workrooms ... In its extension, a new building, covered with an intriguing shimmering metallic dress, serves as a performance hall. We wander from one space to another along the second interior street, a strong traffic axis in the district, which connects modernity to existing heritage. It is located at 70 rue des Sarrazins in Wazemmes, a popular district of Lille.
Bibliography
Laissez vous conter la maison folie Wazemmes, Service ville d'art et d'histoire, 2011
See also
Official site.
References
Buildings and structures in Lille
Tourist attractions in Lille
INAS (International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability; originally called INAS-FMH, later INAS-FID, INAS and now as Virtus Sport) was established in 1986 by professionals in the Netherlands who were involved in sport and wanted to promote the participation of athletes with mental handicap in elite sports. The organisations brand name is the International Federation for Intellectual Impairment Sport, promoting sport worldwide for athletes with intellectual disability, autism and Down syndrome.
History
The founding meeting of the first Executive Committee took place in January 1986 and the organisation became a member of the ICC – the International Coordinating Committee – the organisation that later became the International Paralympic Committee.
INAS' original membership was just 14 nations which has steadily grown into c.80 nations today.
In 1989, the 1st World Games for Athletes with an Intellectual Disability were held in Harnosand, Sweden and in 1992, immediately after the Barcelona Paralympic Games, the first Paralympic Games for ‘Persons with mental handicap' were held in Madrid.
In 1994, INAS-FMH became INAS-FID – the ‘International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability' and in 1996, for the first time, a small programme of events for athletes with an intellectual disability were included in the Paralympic Games in Atlanta.
A larger programme including Athletics, Swimming and Basketball was included in the Sydney Paralympic Games in 2000, but it soon emerged that a small number of athletes had cheated the system of determining eligibility, resulting in the suspension of events — a suspension that was to remain in place until 2009.
Despite exclusion from the Paralympic Games, the Inas sport programme continued to grow considerably to incorporate more than 10 sports whilst its membership grew to cover all 5 continents.
INAS provides competition opportunities for elite athletes with an intellectual disability in Paralympic and non-Paralympic sports and is different from Special Olympics, which provides non-elite opportunities worldwide.
Eligibility and classification
Athletes with an intellectual disability are characterised by an IQ of 75 or below, significant limitations in Adaptive Behaviour and the disability must be present before the age of 18. This is based on the American Association for Intellectual and Developmental Disability definition of Intellectual Disability.
Approximately 1.5% of the population are thought to have an intellectual disability.
Current activities
Today's sport programme includes some 15 annual events, more than 4000 athletes are registered to compete at an international level, whilst many hundreds of thousands of people with an intellectual disability have the opportunity to enjoy sport through the work of member organisations.
Following a partnership between INAS and the International Paralympic Committee to overhaul the process of determining athlete eligibility, events for athletes with an intellectual disability were re-instated to the Paralympic programme by the IPC General Assembly in November 2009, in preparation for the London 2012 Paralympic Games.
In 2019, INAS rebranded as Virtus.
Events
INAS World Championships
Main article : INAS World Championships
Note : INAS do not organise events in Taekwondo but work in partnership with World Taekwondo World Para Taekwondo Championships.
Source :
http://www.inas.org/events/results
http://www.inas.org/events
INAS Global Games
Main article : INAS Global Games
In 2004 INAS launched a new multi-sport competition INAS Global Games. The first event took place in Bollnäs, Sweden and featured more than 1000 athletes. The second Global Games took place in the Czech Republic in 2009. With the re-inclusion of athletes with an intellectual disability into Paralympic competition, it was decided to move the Global Games to the year preceding the Paralympics. The next Global Games therefore takes place in 2011. After a bidding procedure, Italy was chosen as host nation. 2015 Global Games took place in Guayaquil, Ecuador, in September. The 2019 INAS Global Games will take place in Brisbane, Queensland Australia.
Results : http://www.inas.org/events/results
INAS European Games
Main article : INAS European Games
Results : http://www.inas.org/event/2018-inas-european-games?instance_id=76
Regional Championships
2022 asian, african and american games for first time.
INAS European Championships
inas europe
prague2017.org
www.inas.global/europe/
References
External links
American Association for Intellectual and Developmental Disability
Parasports organizations
Sports organizations established in 1986
International organisations based in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Sheffield
Janus Renato Robles Mateo III (born 19 November 1984), better known by their screen name Janus del Prado, is a Filipino actor.  They are a former talent of Star Magic.
Early life
 They are the youngest son of veteran action star Renato del Prado and actor Amelia Robles.
Career
They started in showbusiness at age of 5 doing bit roles. Their mother refused to use their father's influence in the industry to get in so they trained them themselves and their other two siblings to act and regularly brings them to auditions. They have been in the industry since 1990 and has done a variety of roles. Despite the popular belief that they were a member of 1992 variety/gag show Ang TV, they were not. They auditioned a bunch of times but never got cast. Some of their movies are Pulis Probinsya, Pulis Probinsya 2, Magic Kingdom: Ang Alamat ng Damortis, One More Chance, Catch Me, I'm in Love, Pagpag: Siyam na Buhay, A Second Chance, How to Be Yours, and TV shows are G-mik, Qpids, Lobo, Batang X, Green Rose, Bridges of Love, The Story of Us, Ang Bagong Pamilya ni Ponching, to name a few.
Following the closure of ABS-CBN Channel 2 on May 5, 2020, Janus returned to GMA Channel 7 for their comeback kapuso project after their last GMA 7 show was a youth oriented drama series Hanggang Kailan in 2004, and also their 1st sitcom entitled Happy Together with fellow matinee idol and actor John Lloyd Cruz, former Goin Bulilit actors Miles Ocampo & Vito Quizon, former Dick & Carmi Host Carmi Martin, former PBB Housemate Jayson Gainza, former Your Face Sounds Familiar Philippines Contestant Eric Nicholas, model & comedian Ashley Rivera, actor Jenzel Angeles, former Kalokalike Contestant Wally Waley, and former Banana Split cast member comedian host Kuya Jobert Austria.
Filmography
Television
Film
Awards and nominations
References
Fionna Acaba, "Janus Del Prado enjoys doing supporting roles",
Pilar Mateo,"Janus del Prado moves on after hurtful break-up with Carla Humphries",
1984 births
Living people
Star Magic
Star Magic Batch 9
Filipino male child actors
Filipino male comedians
Filipino male film actors
Filipino male television actors
Participants in Philippine reality television series
Male actors from Manila
20th-century Filipino male actors
21st-century Filipino male actors
Cinders is a visual novel video game based on the Cinderella story that was developed and published by Polish indie studio MoaCube for Windows, macOS in 2012 and Nintendo Switch in 2019. The game was developed and published by MoaCube.
Gameplay
As it is a visual novel, the player reads through the story and makes choices at crucial points to change the outcome, leading to one out of four different endings. The player has the ability to watch the endings including the variations again. There are eight trophies the player can collect during the game.
Plot
Characters
Cinders: The protagonist of the story, called so fondly by their late father because of their red hair. Based on the player's choices their personality differs from kind and compliant or even passive, to bright, strong-willed and resourceful, to outright manipulative, selfish and evil or a combination of these traits.
Sophia: Cinders' younger stepsister.  They are smart but very cynical and bitter and years of degradation by their sister and mother have led to their tendency to push everyone away. They and Gloria clash frequently, but, unlike Gloria, they are often at odds with their mother as well. Whether Cinders tries to befriend and/or reconcile them with their sister or their relationship changes for the worse is up to the player.
Gloria: Cinders' older stepsister.  They are stubborn, and desperately tries to imitate and please Carmosa to the extent of losing themselves in the process. They have a tense relationship with Sophia due to the latter's apathy, sharp tongue, and general attitude, but in their own way is as much a slave to Carmosa's will and temper as their sister and Cinders, despite being the favoured daughter.  They are more reasonable and fair than their mother if given a chance to show their true colors though. As with Sophia, whether or not they can be befriended, and/or reconciled with their sister depends on the player's actions.
Lady Carmosa: Cinders' stepmother. Lady Carmosa is very capable, clever, resourceful, and utterly ruthless. Ruling over their household and family with an iron fist, not even their own daughters are spared their harsh and often cruel judgements and words.  They are not completely evil, however, and it is revealed that beneath their domineering and cold demeanor they struggle hard to keep the house in its splendor and their family under control. Depending on the player's choices, Cinders can sympathize with them and even earn their respect and support and get a stuttering apology. However, Cinders can also choose to undermine Carmosa's plans and efforts, have them imprisoned or humiliated (if they find out Carmosa forged their invitations to the royal ball), and even attempt to poison them in order to remove them from power.
Madame Ghede: The local medicine woman and a friend of Cinders' late mother. The townsfolk think of them as a witch and generally mistrust her, but are all too willing to run to them when they need help, a fact they resent greatly and which hurts them more than they care to let on. They offer to help Cinders in honour of a promise they made to Cinders mother, but whether or not they do is up to the player. Also depending on Cinders' decisions and relationship with her, Ghede can become their royal advisor, mentor and travelling companion - or their mourner if Cinders dies.
The Fairy: An ethereal being of questionable motives who inhabits the Lake, they also have a history with Cinders' mother and offers to help Cinders for a price, but as with Madame Ghede, it's up to the player whether or not to accept them help...
Prince Basile: The prince and future king of the country, they throw a masquerade ball to honor their late father's wish to marry before their coronation. They want to find an intelligent and strong woman capable of ruling as Queen and helping them realize their reforms. Basile may be Cinders' potential love interest and/or husband depending on the player's choices.
Tobias: A childhood friend of Cinders' and a successful merchant. Depending on your choices they are also a potential love interest for Cinders.
Perrault: The captain of the royal guard and defender of the village known for their profound loyalty and sense of duty, Perrault can become Cinders' friend or love interest depending on their choices and actions. If Cinders tries and fails to poison their stepmother and is romantically involved with Perrault, they will forfeit duty and honor to run away with and become a fugitive alongside them
Shady Character: A local shifty-looking lowlife with a loose lip and a penchant for drinking. Should Cinders plot to kill Lady Carmosa, Shady will supply them with poison.
Development and release
The game was created with the GameMaker engine. The development time took about one year. Cinders was originally released on June 20, 2012. On May 1, 2014, the game was released on Steam.
Soundtrack
The official soundtrack by Rob Westwood was released on December 24, 2012. It includes 18 tracks at a total length of 59:17. Cinders OST includes extended versions of all the game's tracks.
It won the yearly award for the "Best Original Score" in 2012 by VNs Now!
Fairy Tales [02:15]
The Curious One (Theme of Cinders) [03:02]
What Lies Behind the Page [02:20]
Buttered Water [03:04]
Born from Decision [04:47]
Pompous Wisdom [03:38]
Living Upward [02:18]
Tragic Double Standards [02:31]
Swept Away [02:24]
Voodoo Matriarch [02:34]
A Friendly Face [04:08]
Seedy, Greedy and Downright Sleazy [04:02]
Weary of War [03:00]
Certainly No Knight [04:11]
A Fork in the Road [01:09]
Dance With Me Noble Stranger [04:42]
Romantic Interlude (Unused Title Theme) [02:12]
Melodies and Blurbs (Medley of Themes) [06:51]
Reception
Cinders received 5/5 stars on GameZebo with reviewer Neilie Johnson writing: "If you've never experienced an interactive novel, Cinders is an exceptional example of the genre, and the perfect title with which to start." IndieGame" wrote about the game: "Asides from being delightfully well-written, highly replayable and filled with complex, convoluted characters, Cinders is also beautiful."
The game was also featured on Rock, Paper, Shotgun and Kotaku. Cinders won the 2012 VNs Now! award for the Best Artist (Gracjana Zielinska).
References
External links
Official Website of MoaCube
2012 video games
MacOS games
Single-player video games
Indie video games
Video games based on fairy tales
Video games developed in Poland
Video games featuring female protagonists
Visual novels
Windows games
Works based on Cinderella
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
Xbox One games
GameMaker Studio games
The name Conson has been used to name four tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by Vietnam, and comes from the name of Côn Sơn Island in Vietnam.
Typhoon Conson (2004) (T0404, 07W, Frank), struck Japan
Typhoon Conson (2010) (T1002, 03W, Basyang), struck the Philippines and Vietnam
Tropical Storm Conson (2016) (T1606, 08W)
Tropical Storm Conson (2021) (T2113, 18W, Jolina), rapidly intensified before making landfall in the Philippines and later Vietnam.
Pacific typhoon set index articles
Tara Dutt Gairola (1875– 1940), was an Indian lawyer, author, and editor.  They are known as the pioneer of modern Garhwali poetry and for their contribution to Indian folk-lore, specially that of Garhwal, Uttarakhand.
Biography
Born in Dhal Dung village, patti Badiyar Garh in the princely state of Tehri Garhwal in 1875, Tara Dutt Gairola had a long and productive law career in Dehradun and Srinagar. They were also the editor of 'Garhwali' magazine. In their spare time, they collected heroic ballads and devotional songs performed by the 'Hurkiyas', the local bards of Uttarakhand. Eventually, they published these with E. Sherman Oakley as a co-author under Himalayan Folklore. This book collates the English translations of a form of Garhwali and Kumaoni folk heroic ballads called 'Veergatha'. Gairola is also known for 'The Songs of Dadu' with a historical Introduction by Tara Dutt Gairola and a foreword by Annie Besant published in Benares City: The Indian Bookshop, Theosophical Society, (1929)
Tara Dutt Gairola edited the first ever Garhwali poetry collection ‘Garhwali Kavitavali' consisting of a collection of poems by various modern Garhwali poets. Gairola was themselves a Garhwali poet and they published their own book of Garhwali poetry called ‘Sadei' (सदेई) which was based on a Garhwali folklore.
Selected publications
Himalayan Folklore (Hardcover),
2002 - Himalayan Folklore (Hardcover),
Himalayan Folklore: Ghosts and Demons from West Nepal
References
1875 births
1940 deaths
Indian folklorists
The Hymn of Olympiacos or Thrile ton Gipedon (Legend of stadiums) is the anthem of the Greek multi-sport club Olympiacos CFP, based in Piraeus. The lyrics were written in 1980 by the Greek songwriter Kostas Kilimantzos, with Spiros Valsamakis being the composer. Christakis Voliotis was the first to perform the anthem.
Historically, the first hymn of Olympiacos was composed in 1931 by Mimis Vasiliadis (lyrics) and Yiangos Laoutaris (music). It was a march-style anthem and more oriented to football matches.
Anthem
External links
Hymn of Olympiacos (sound)
Hymn of Olympiacos (text)
Official Club Page
Olympiacos Football Club Official Page
Olympiacos Basketball Club Official Page
Olympiacos TV
References
Olympiacos
Greek music
Football songs and chants
3Teeth (stylized as 3TEETH or 3T3ETH) is an American industrial metal band from Los Angeles, California. Formed in 2013, the band currently consists of Alexis Mincolla (vocals), Chase Brawner (guitars), Xavier Swafford (keys & synth), Andrew Means (modular synth & bass), and Nick Rossi (drums). They have currently released three studio albums: their self-titled debut in 2014, <shutdown.exe> in 2017, and Metawar on July 5, 2019, via Century Media Records.
History
Name and formation
The group initially formed as a fun passion-project between Mincolla and Swafford, who lived down the street from each other in Los Angeles. Mincolla did not have a musical background but had experience in visual arts and promotion. Mincolla and Swafford met at a weekly party called Lil Death, which was hosted by Mincolla, where they began discussing some ideas for a multi-media mix of visuals and music. The two soon met Andrew Means after being impressed by an online video they sent the pair which Mincolla described as looking "like a computer virus."
After some of their music was hosted online and began to gain traction, the three sought out a guitarist for the project. Guitar work had initially been outsourced but the turnaround time was slow. Means had grown up with Brawner and suggested that the trio audition him, and after a successful audition Chase joined and 3Teeth had officially formed.
The band took the name 3Teeth from the concepts of Odontomancy, which Mincolla described as an ancient form of divination where "the seer would read prophecies in the teeth like rune stones." as well as the word trident, which comes from Latin for "three teeth." Mincolla said of the trident: "...this divine weapon of God that brings destruction. It's what Marduk killed Tiamat with -- this caught thunderbolt or trident."
The original line-up consisted of Mincolla, Brawner, Swafford, and Means, with Andrew Means performing live drums on an electric kit. Andrew Melendez joined as a live drummer the spring and summer tours in 2017 before Justin Hanson joined the group in the fall of 2017. The band signed to Century Media Records in April 2018 with Hanson being announced as the official fifth member of the band. Nick Rossi joined the live band in Fall 2019 as a temporary replacement for Hanson, who had injured their foot on the European tour earlier that year. In June 2020, the band announced that they had mutually parted ways with Hanson and that Rossi would be joining them as the new drummer to commence recording on the band's fourth album.
Studio albums and other releases
Their self-titled debut album was released in 2014 and reached the number eight spot on iTunes Electronic Music Chart. A remix album titled Remixed followed in October 2014, featuring remixes by other prominent industrial artists such as KANGA and Aesthetic Perfection.
Their sophomore album, <shutdown.exe>, was released on May 19, 2017. The album was mixed by Sean Beavan, who is best known for working with other prominent industrial artists Nine-Inch Nails and Marilyn Manson. The album reached No. 23 on Billboard the following month. In February 2018, the band released the first of two collaboration tracks, "Light's Out", with hip-hop/punk artists Ho99o9. A second track, "Time's Up", was released in March 2018, and both tracks were later released on a limited edition 7" vinyl following a co-headlining tour titled Lights Out North America.
The band began working on their third album in early 2018, with Sean Beavan returning to mix and produce. The album was completed on December 22.
The title for the third album, Metawar, was announced on April 5, 2019, alongside the release of the debut single "American Landfill". The music video for American Landfill debuted on April 15, 2019. The video was directed by Matthew Santoro, longtime-friend of Alexis Mincolla and Hollywood director and visual effects artist whose credits include X-Men Origins: Wolverine and 300.
The second single for Metawar, "EXXXIT", was released on April 23, 2019, alongside a music video and a North American tour announcement with Author & Punisher and GOST as support. The third single, "Affluenza", was released on May 31, 2019, alongside an official lyric music video. The fourth single, "President X", was released on June 14, 2019. The single was accompanied by a music video featuring Mincolla as a neo-fascist lizard-man president in "band's most outwardly political song to date." The fifth single released was the band's cover of "Pumped Up Kicks" by Foster the People which was released on June 28, 2019. A music video featuring a SWAT raid and firearms footage was released alongside the cover.
Metawar was released worldwide on July 5, 2019. Frontman Mincolla described the album as centering on "the idea of world vs world, and the notion that if man doesn't create their own world then he's often crushed by the world of another."
On January 17, 2020, "ALTÆR" was released as the sixth single from Metawar. It was released along with a music video which featured footage captured at their performance at 2019's Wasteland Weekend.
While touring in support of Metawar in 2019, the band recorded one original track and two cover songs for the film Guns Akimbo. Their cover of "You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" by Dead or Alive was featured in the film's trailer, and it was later announced that the second cover song would be "The Ballroom Blitz" originally recorded by The Sweet.
Following its release, Metawar became the band's most commercially successful album, debuting at No. 23 on Billboard and at No. 28 on the iTunes Top Albums chart as well as the No. 1 album on the iTunes Metal charts. The album also debuted at No. 82 on Billboards Top Album Sales chart for the week of July 20, 2019, and at No. 3 on Billboards Heatseekers Albums for the same week. With the release of Metawar, 3Teeth themselves charted at No. 25 on Billboards Emerging Artists chart.
On August 6, 2021, the band released a song titled "Paralyze" featuring punk rap group Ho99o9. The song was produced by Mick Gordon.
Live performances
3Teeth are known for their use of menacing visuals during live performances. The band was hand-selected by Tool to be their supporting act on their 2016 North American tour. The group opened for German band Rammstein for some of their U.S. dates in the summer of 2017 and ended the year performing with Danzig and HIM. 3Teeth were selected by Rammstein to open for them on their special New Year's Eve performances in Mexico in December 2018 / January 2019. The band spent much of 2019 touring in support of Metawar, including a European tour as support for Ministry and a headlining North American tour alongside GOST and Author & Punisher before closing the year in support of Ghostemane for select dates.
3Teeth resumed touring in February 2020, kicking off another European headlining tour with industrial icon Pig as support for UK shows. A 2020 North American co-headlining tour with Carnifex was announced soon after along with the announcements that 3Teeth would play multiple festival dates throughout the year, including Welcome to Rockville and Hellfest. The COVID-19 pandemic forced the band to cancel the remainder of their 2020 shows two days before the Meta-X Tour with Carnifex was slated to commence, however.
Musical styles and influences
3Teeth's musical style has been described as industrial, industrial metal, industrial rock, alternative metal, electronic rock, electro-industrial, nu metal, heavy metal, and EBM. 3Teeth's music heavily features sequenced beats, down-tuned guitars, samples, and synthetic melodies. The band has been compared to band/artists such as Ministry, Skinny Puppy, Nine-Inch Nails, Marilyn Manson, KMFDM, Bile, Dope, Rob Zombie, Rammstein, and Tool.
Lead vocalist, Alexis Mincolla, listens to bands like Sepultura, Pantera, White Zombie, and Nine-Inch Nails. They cite The Downward Spiral by Nine-Inch Nails as a huge influence for 3Teeth's music.
Band membersCurrent members Alexis Mincolla – vocals (2013–present)
Xavier Swafford – keyboards, synthesizers (2013–present)
Andrew Means – bass, modular synthesizer (2017–present), drums (2013–2017)
Chase Brawner – guitars (2013–present)
Nick Rossi – drums (2020–present)Former members Andrew Melendez – drums (2017)
Justin Hanson – drums (2017–2020)
DiscographyStudio albums 3Teeth (2014)
<shutdown.exe> (2017)
Metawar (2019)Other releases'''
REMIXED'' (2014) - Remix album for the self-titled debut
"Lights Out" / "Time's Up" (2018) - Limited 7" Vinyl Release with Ho99o9
Guns Akimbo ("You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)" / "Balltoom Blitz") (2021) - Limited 7" Vinyl Release
References
Other sources
External links
3teeth.org
Century Media Records
Storming the Base
Artoffact Records
American industrial metal musical groups
Cyberpunk music
American electronic rock musical groups
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Musical quintets
Nu metal musical groups from California
Electronic music groups from California
"It's a Shame" is the debut solo single from American hip hop artist Kool G Rap, from their 1995 album 4,5,6.
Background
"It's a Shame" was recorded at Bearsville Studios in Bearsville, New York. In the song, Kool G Rap portrays themselves as a heroin kingpin, boasting of their wealth, power and extravagant lifestyle. However, it is implied that they harbour a sense of remorse over their choice of trade, with the chorus (sung by an uncredited Sean Brown) stating:
Now it's a damn shame, what I gotta do just to make a dollar
Living in this game, sometimes it makes you wanna holler
A particularly memorable part of the song is G Rap's description of their mistress Tammy in verse two:
I got a fly ho up under the wing, a swinger that does their thing
And if you step inside my ring, she'll bang it out and make your brains hang
They sit at restaurant tables with mink foxes and sables
Drinkin' Cherenade brand label, she'll rock a sucker's cradle
And yeah, honey is more bounce to the ounce
They walk around with Lucci in large amounts
Millions inside Swiss bank accounts
Them name is Tammy, got a beach house in Miami
Rides around with a small jammy in their silk and satin panties
A down ho, a Foxy Brown ho, standin their ground ho
And if you clown yo, she'll turn into a bust a round ho
Fly as a Heaven's Angel, got sapphires in their bangles
Diamond earrings hang n' dangle, gettin' money from all angles
She's pretty under the New York City bright lights
And real late, way after midnight, I hit it cause the slit's tight
Music video
The music video for "It's a Shame" shows Kool G Rap living a life of luxury as a wealthy and powerful gangster as well as shots of drug addicts and prostitutes, signifying the less glamorous side of the drug trade.
Critical reception
Hip Hop Album Reviews called the song "one of G Rap's premier ventures at storytelling, only weakened by the dime-a-dozen hook".
Samples
"It's a Shame" samples the following songs:
"Love Is for Fools" by Southside Movement
Track listing
12"
A-side
"It's a Shame" (Original) (4:02)
"It's a Shame" (A cappella) (4:01)
"It's a Shame" (Instrumental) (3:54)
B-side
"It's a Shame" (Original) (4:03)
"It's a Shame" (A cappella) (4:01)
"It's a Shame" (Instrumental) (3:54)
CD
"It's a Shame" (Original) (3:54)
"It's a Shame" (A cappella) (3:54)
"It's a Shame" (Instrumental) (3:54)
References
External links
"It's a Shame" at Discogs
1995 singles
Kool G Rap songs
Songs written by Kool G Rap
Gangsta rap songs
Hardcore hip hop songs
Songs about crime
Songs about drugs
1995 songs
Cold Chillin' Records singles
Mafioso rap songs
Ethel Caffie-Austin is an American musician.  They are known as the First Lady of West Virginia Gospel music.  They are a skilled pianist and teacher and features on a 2-DVD set called Learn to Play Gospel Piano on which they teach the basics of gospel piano.
In 2020, they were admitted into the West Virginia Music Hall of Fame
References
External links
A documentary film on the life of Ethel Caffie-Austin
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
20th-century African-American women singers
Singers from West Virginia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Christian Terlizzi (; born 22 November 1979) is an Italian former professional footballer who last played for Marsala as a defender. They played for clubs on all professional levels of Italian football, including U.S. Città di Palermo, U.C. Sampdoria, and Catania Calcio in the Serie A. They have also been capped for the Italy national football team.
Club career
Cisco Roma
Terlizzi began their professional career within the youth ranks of A.S. Lodigiani, in 1990. They were often called up to the first team in 1996, and made their professional debut that same year. After making just 3 first team appearances in 2 seasons, Terlizzi was sent out on loan to amateur side Tivoli Calcio, and made 24 league appearances in their lone season with the club, also scoring 4 goals. In mid-1999, they returned to A.S. Lodigiani, but was simultaneously sold to A.S. Castelli Romani prior to the 1999–2000 Lega Calcio season.
1999–2002
Following their transfer, Terlizzi made 18 league appearances, scoring 3 goals in just 4 months, and was sold to Selargius Calcio. In another brief spell, at the Serie D club, Terlizzi made 9 starts, and was soon sold to U.S. Termoli, where they made a further 8 appearances, and made their move back into the Serie C, in 2001, with Teramo Calcio.
In June 2001, Terlizzi completed their transfer to Teramo Calcio, and in their lone season with the Serie C2 club, they played in 21 league matches, and scored a single goal. Following an impressive season, at the heart of the defense, the 22-year-old Terlizzi, was sold to Serie A side, Parma F.C.
Parma
In June 2002, they were signed by Parma F.C. along with Florian Myrtaj, but was instantly sold to Serie C1 side, A.C. Cesena in co-ownership deal.
Cesena
Following their brief stay in Parma, Terlizzi returned to the lower divisions, with A.C. Cesena. They earned a guaranteed starting spot for much of the 2002–2003 league season, and went on to make over 30 appearances, also netting 2 goals, in all competitions. They were set to return to Parma F.C. in the summer of 2003, albeit interest from several lesser Serie A clubs, as well as a host of Serie B club, however, in July 2003, they joined then-Serie B club, U.S. Città di Palermo.
Palermo
In the summer of 2003 Terlizzi transferred to U.S. Città di Palermo, where they made 12 first team appearances in their first season, helping the club gain promotion to the Serie A. They made their Serie A debut at the age of 25, during the 2004–05 season. Terlizzi made an additional 14 league appearances during the season, and scored 1 goal. They remained with Palermo for the 2005–2006 Serie A season, and despite the sale of star striker Luca Toni, the Sicilian club still managed a 7th-place finish in the league. Terlizzi made 21 appearances during that season, and managed an impressive 5 goals, as a central defender. He, along with Fabio Grosso, were both sold in the summer of 2006, following bids from U.C. Sampdoria, and Inter Milan respectively.
Sampdoria
In summer 2006, they were signed by U.C. Sampdoria in a co-ownership bid, for €1.5 million, along with Pietro Accardi (€2 million) and Massimo Bonanni (50% for €2 million), as part of the deal that saw Aimo Diana (€5 million) and Marco Pisano (€4 million) transfer in the opposite direction. Terlizzi made their Italy national team debut, and only international appearance, in a friendly match against Croatia, on 16 August 2006, together with Sampdoria teammates Giulio Falcone, Gennaro Delvecchio and Angelo Palombo, in a 0–2 loss under new manager Roberto Donadoni. For Sampdoria, however they just played 4 league games, in part due to an injury-ridden season. They were then sold to Calcio Catania prior to the 2007–08 Serie A season.
Catania
They officially transferred to Calcio Catania on 5 July 2007, for €1.5 million. In their first season with the Sicilian giants, Terlizzi became a major part of the Catania first team, proving their worth with the Sicilian club. In their first season with the club, they made 25 league appearances, and formed an impressive central defensive partnership with Lorenzo Stovini. The duo held their positions during the 2008–2009 Serie A season as well, under new coach Walter Zenga, and Terlizzi made an additional 20 league appearances. Their first team position was in the limbo following the 2008 purchase of Argentine youngster Matías Silvestre. During the 2008–2009 summer transfer window, Terlizzi nearly transferred to Italian giants, Juventus, but the deal never materialized. Prior to the 2009–10 Serie A season, Stovini left the club, and Terlizzi was relegated to the bench in favor of new signing Nicolás Spolli, who partnered Silvestre for much of the 2009–10 Serie A season. Under Siniša Mihajlović, however, Terlizzi managed to earn back their starting position alongside Silvestre, and went on to total 25 appearances for Catania in all 2009–10 competitions, helping the club to the semi-finals of the Coppa Italia, and also to a record points total in Serie A for the Sicilians, finishing in 12th places. Terlizzi has scored 2 goals in 8 games during the current campaign.
Later years
On 2 August 2011, Terlizzi signed a two-year contract with the Serie B club A.S. Varese 1910. However, after a good season, they return to play in Serie A with Pescara. They successively spent the second part of the season on loan to another Serie A club, Siena.
In August 2013 they were signed as a free agent by newly promoted Serie B club Trapani.
International career
After earning their first senior international call-up under manager Roberto Donadoni in August 2006, Terlizzi made their debut for the Italy national football team on 16 August, in a 2–0 friendly defeat against Croatia, in Livorno.
References
External links
FIGC profile
AIC profile
1979 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Italy international footballers
A.S. Lodigiani players
A.C. Cesena players
Catania S.S.D. players
Palermo F.C. players
U.C. Sampdoria players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Trapani Calcio players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie D players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Rome
A.S.D. Termoli Calcio 1920 players
New Stone Hall is a historic school building located at Franklin in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1855–1856 and is a three-story rectangular building, eight bays wide and three bays deep. It features a slate-covered hipped roof and octagonal cupola. It was built as the main academic building of the Delaware Literary Institute, then later used by the local school system. It was abandoned in 1932. It is located within the Franklin Village Historic District.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
School buildings completed in 1856
Buildings and structures in Delaware County, New York
Historic district contributing properties in New York (state)
Stone school buildings
Stone buildings in the United States
Bankomatt is a 1989 Italian-Swiss drama film directed by Villi Hermann. It was entered into the 39th Berlin International Film Festival. The story follows a man planning and conducting a bank robbery. It is revealed they were formerly an employee of the bank, and is acting out of disgruntlement towards the current boss.
Cast
Bruno Ganz as Bruno
Giovanni Guidelli as Stefano
Francesca Neri as Maria
Omero Antonutti as Ernesto Soldini
Pier Paolo Capponi as Impiegato banca
Roberto De Francesco as Amico di Stefano
Fabrizio Cerusico
Andrea Novicov
Renata Pozzi
Tatiana Winteler
References
External links
1989 films
1989 crime drama films
1980s heist films
Italian crime drama films
Italian heist films
Swiss crime films
Swiss drama films
1980s Italian-language films
Films directed by Villi Hermann
1980s Italian films
Alexander Hamberg (born August 4, 1985) is a Swedish former ice hockey goaltender. They made their Elitserien debut playing with AIK IF during the 2012–13 Elitserien season.  They are currently assigned as goaltender coach for Väsby IK HK.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
AIK IF players
Gary Siddall (May 1957), also known by the
nickname of "Big Sid", is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s and 1980s. They played at club level for Featherstone Rovers (Heritage № 551), as a , or , i.e. number 8 or 10, or, 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.
Playing career
Siddall made their début for Featherstone Rovers against Widnes on Sunday 10 September 1978, during their time at Featherstone Rovers they scored eleven 3-point tries, and fifteen 4-point tries.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Siddall played as an interchange/substitute, i.e. number 15, (replacing right- Tim Slatter) in Featherstone Rovers' 14-12 victory over Hull F.C. in the 1983 Challenge Cup Final during the 1982–83 season at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 7 May 1983, in front of a crowd of 84,969.
Testimonial match
Siddall's benefit season at Featherstone Rovers took place during the 1989–90 season.
References
External links
Statistics at rugbyleagueproject.org
Gary Siddall
April 2013
Jimmy Bell, Roy Bell, Peter Bell …
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part I - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part II - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part III - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part IV - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part V - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part VI - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part VII - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part VIII - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part IX - a featherstone rovers blog
The Story of Wembley 1983. Part X - a featherstone rovers blog
1957 births
Living people
English rugby league players
Featherstone Rovers players
Rugby league players from Featherstone
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Aghuzbon or Aghoozbon or Aghowzbon () may refer to:
Aghuzbon, Rudbar, Gilan Province
Aghuzbon Kand Sar, Rudsar County, Gilan Province
Aghuzbon, Siahkal, Gilan Province
Aghuzbon, Amol, Mazandaran Province
Aghuzbon, Babol, Mazandaran Province
Aghuzbon, Savadkuh, Mazandaran Province
is an athlete from Japan. They compete in triathlon.
Fukui competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took thirty-sixth place with a total time of 1:52:04.79.
References
1977 births
Japanese male triathletes
Living people
Olympic triathletes of Japan
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
20th-century Japanese people
21st-century Japanese people
The Marine Technology Society (MTS) is a professional society that serves the international community of approximately 3,800 ocean engineers, technologists, policy-makers, and educators. The goal of the society, which was founded in 1963, is to promote awareness, understanding, advancement and application of marine technology. The association is based in Washington, District of Columbia, United States. Former executive directors include Martin Finnerty, Judith T. Krauthamer and Richard Lawson.
The society consists of 29 technical disciplines and presently has 17 sections, including overseas sections in Japan, Korea and Norway. In addition, MTS has 23 student sections at colleges and universities with related fields of study.
The flagship publication of the society is the MTS Journal. The journal is published 6 times annually and primarily features themed issues consisting of invited papers. The journal has a current ISI Impact Factor of .763
MTS sponsors several conferences of note, including the OCEANS Conference (co-sponsosed with IEEE/OES), Underwater Intervention (co-sponsored with ADCI), [[Dynamic Positioning]] Conference, biennial Buoy Workshop (co-sponsored with the Office of Naval Research), and the hot-topic workshop series TechSurge.{{
In 1969 the group held its annual convention in Miami Beach. The convention was addressed by Spiro Agnew, who was then Vice President of the United States.
In 1993 the laser line scan, a U.S. Navy photography secret, made its debut at the society sponsored trade show in New Orleans.
References
External links
Engineering societies based in the United States
Marine engineering organizations
Organizations based in Maryland
Oceanography
Mary Margaret Arnold (born September 19, 1947 in Carroll, Iowa) is an American singer. They performed with the rock group Kenny Rogers and The First Edition from 1968 to 1976.
While at Drake University, Arnold had their own TV show. While studying at the Los Angeles Conservatory of Music, Arnold auditioned for the show choir The Young Americans. They took a year off of school and toured with the group, meeting fellow singer Kenny Rogers. Them roommate was singer Thelma Camacho, who sang with Rogers in the band The First Edition. After Camacho was dismissed from the band, Arnold took their spot in the band, beating out Karen Carpenter for the role. They stayed with the band until it disbanded in 1976.
After the two were introduced by Rogers, Arnold married singer Roger Miller. After The First Edition disbanded, Mary toured and recorded with Roger until their death in 1992. After their death, Mary became president of Roger's musical trust. in 2004, they sued Sony/ATV Music Publishing to regain the rights to Roger's music. They won in district court in 2010, gaining the rights and $900,000 in damages. However, the verdict was overturned upon appeal, and Sony retained the rights to Roger Miller's catalogue.
Arnold also performed with Waylon Jennings, Glen Campbell, and George Burns. They performed at the White House twice, before the Nixons with The First Edition and before the Fords with Roger Miller. They were inducted into the Iowa Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame in 2009. They last appeared with The First Edition at a 2015 panel at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum.
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Carroll, Iowa
American women pop singers
The Young Americans members
Kenny Rogers and The First Edition members
American music industry executives
C. J. Vanston is an American film composer, record producer, songwriter, and keyboardist, based in Hollywood, California. They were born in Denver, Colorado, the son of Bonnie L. Smith and Paul L. Vanston.
Film credits
1996 Waiting for Guffman
1998 Almost Heroes
2000 Best in Show
2002 Sweet Home Alabama
2003 A Mighty Wind
2005 Slingshot
2006 For Your Consideration
2016 Mascots
TV series
2013 Family Tree
Album credits
Vanston has contributed to numerous albums, including those by Prince, 'NSync, Barbra Streisand, Ringo Starr, Jaguares, Celine Dion, Bob Seger, Richard Marx, Tina Turner, Alexz Johnson, Joe Cocker, Peter Cetera, Anna Vissi, Yellowcard, Spinal Tap, Harry Shearer, Steve Lukather, Def Leppard, Dennis DeYoung, The Believers, Toto and most recently co-wrote,co-produced and performed on Jeff “Skunk” Baxter's 2022 solo release called “Speed of Heat”.
References
External links
Reggie Boyle talking to CJ Vanston Interview - By Arend, Dec 22, 2011 12:00 AM
CJ talking about working with Luke on Transition Interview - By Arend, Oct 26, 2012 12:00 AM
CJ Vanston: I wanted to show the World what a great f***ing band Toto is Interview - By Arend, Feb 6, 2015 10:26 AM
CJ Vanston Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2017)
21st-century American keyboardists
21st-century American male musicians
American film score composers
American male film score composers
Songwriters from Colorado
20th-century American keyboardists
Living people
Musicians from Denver
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Beyman Bros members
20th-century American male musicians
American male songwriters
Bekka & Billy was an American country music duo consisting of singer-songwriters Bekka Bramlett and Billy Burnette, who first worked together as members of Fleetwood Mac. Their eponymous debut album was released by Almo Sounds in April 1997. While their debut single, "Patient Heart," failed to chart in the United States, it reached No. 96 on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Entertainment Weekly gave Bekka & Billy a B rating, saying that if "Patient Heart" didn't become a big hit, Nashville was "asleep at the wheel." AllMusic gave their album three stars, calling the duo "tailor made for stardom." Vince Gill played guitar on the album, which featured a song written by Delaney Bramlett.
The duo went their separate ways in January 1998.
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
Music videos
References
American country music groups
Country music duos
Musical groups established in 1997
Almo Sounds artists
Musical groups disestablished in 1998
Fleetwood Mac
Les Amants du Pont-Neuf () is a 1991 French film directed by Leos Carax, starring Juliette Binoche and Denis Lavant. The film follows a love story between two young vagrants: Alex, I would be circus performer addicted to alcohol and sedatives and Michele, a painter with a disease that is slowly turning their blind. The film had 867,197 admissions in France where it was the 34th highest earning film of 1991.
The title refers to the Pont Neuf bridge in Paris. The North American title of the film is The Lovers on the Bridge, and, in a mistranslation of the original title, the Australian title is Lovers on the Ninth Bridge (instead of "Lovers on the New Bridge").
Plot
Set around the Pont Neuf, Paris's oldest bridge, while it was closed for repairs, Les Amants du Pont-Neuf depicts a love story between two young vagrants Alex (Denis Lavant) and Michèle (Juliette Binoche). Alex is a street performer addicted to alcohol and sedatives and Michèle a painter driven to a life on the streets because of a failed relationship and a disease which is slowly destroying their sight. The film portrays their harsh existence living on the bridge with Hans (Klaus Michael Grüber), an older vagrant. As their vision deteriorates Michèle becomes increasingly dependent on Alex. When a possible treatment becomes available, Michèle's family use street posters and radio appeals to trace them Fearing that they will leave them if they receive the treatment, Alex tries to keep Michèle from becoming aware of their family's attempts to find them The streets, skies and waterways of Paris are used as a backdrop for the story in a series of set-pieces set during the French Bicentennial celebrations in 1989.
Production
Guiton's documentary notes that from the outset Leos Carax wanted to make a simple film, originally talking about doing it with a small team, in black and white and via Super 8. Their first movie Boy Meets Girl had been a small affair, whereas Mauvais Sang had been considerably larger and more costly, albeit more successful at the box office.
From the start, basing a movie on a public bridge in the centre of Paris was complicated. The production team wanted to block off the bridge for 3 months. This was immediately deemed impractical, and the creation of a model was proposed and created by the set designer Michel Vandestein. Initially, the intention was to film the daylight scenes on the actual bridge, and the night time scenes on the simplified model. At this point, the budget of between 8 and 9 million francs had to be adjusted by 5 million. A search for locations across Europe ended up back in France – the town of Lansargues, in the department of Hérault in southern France. Construction began.
At this time, the mayor of Paris gave the authorization for filming in Paris on the Pont Neuf – between 28 July and 18 August. While tying their shoe on set, lead actor Denis Lavant injured the tendon in their thumb so badly that filming could not be completed in the given time. The insurers were called – Carax was pressured to recast the male lead. However the director insisted that they could not recast or change their approach to the film to allow for Lavant's injury. Immediately, the solution was clear – the Lansargues model was to be extended for daytime use. At this point only a few minutes of footage had been shot.
The producers secured a further 9 million francs to develop the set. This extra budget seemed too low given the extent of work required at the Lansargues site. It soon became obvious that more money would be required before shooting could resume. Without this funding the producers were obliged to accept an insurance payment that would settle outstanding debts but not allow any further work. Production was shut down. A frustrated cast and crew took time off to relax and it was not until the 1989 Cannes Film Festival that Dominique Vignier, together with the Swiss millionaire Francis von Buren, agreed to undertake the funding based on the few short rushes filmed a year before.
In the documentary Von Buren clearly states that they were deceived about the upcoming costs they would be forced to take on. The number of 30 million francs, given for the total cost of construction and to finish the film, was not nearly enough; the final number from this stage would be closer to 70 million francs. They withdrew their funding late in 1989 with an estimated loss of 10 million francs. Yet again, production stopped. From October 1989 to June 1990 the only person at the site in Lansargues was the guard – and a number of storms followed over that winter causing massive water damage to the uncompleted set.
At the Cannes festival in 1990, Christian Fechner allocated 70 million francs in order to finish the film. Unable to find financing partners, they provided their own money, purchasing both rights and debts of the picture. Principal photography was completed on 22 December 1990.
Release
The film premiered out of competition at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival before arriving in French theatres on 17 October 1991. The film had 867 197 admissions in France where it was the 34th highest earning film of 1991.
References
External links
1991 films
1991 romantic drama films
French romantic drama films
1990s French-language films
Films about bridges
Films directed by Leos Carax
Films set in Paris
1990s French films
Spontaneous may refer to:
Spontaneous abortion
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis
Spontaneous combustion
Spontaneous declaration
Spontaneous emission
Spontaneous fission
Spontaneous generation
Spontaneous human combustion
Spontaneous Music Ensemble
Spontaneous order
Spontaneous process
Spontaneous remission
Spontaneous symmetry breaking
Spontaneous (album) by William Parker & the Little Huey Creative Music Orchestra
Spontaneous (film), an American sci-fi fantasy film
See also
Revolutionary spontaneity, also known as spontaneism, the belief that social revolution can and should occur spontaneously without the aid or guidance of a vanguard party.
The National Committee of the Chinese Energy and Chemical Workers' Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
External links
Basic information from the ACFTU
National industrial unions (China)
Chemical industry trade unions
Energy industry trade unions
USA-196, also known as GPS IIR-17(M), GPS IIRM-4 and GPS SVN-55, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the fourth of eight Block IIRM satellites to be launched, and the seventeenth of twenty one Block IIR satellites overall. It was built by Lockheed Martin, using the AS-4000 satellite bus.
USA-196 was launched at 12:23:00 UTC on 17 October 2007, atop a Delta II carrier rocket, flight number D328, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 17A at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, and placed USA-196 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37FM apogee motor.
By 27 October 2007, USA-196 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 717.94 minutes, and 54.8 degrees of inclination to the equator. It is used to broadcast the PRN 15 signal, and operates in slot 2 of plane F of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a design life of 10 years and a mass of . As of 2015 it remains in service.
References
Spacecraft launched in 2007
GPS satellites
USA satellites
The following lists events that have happened in 1898 in the Qajar dynasty, Iran.
Incumbents
Monarch: Mozaffar al-Din Shah Qajar
Birth
January 21 – Ahmad Shah Qajar the last king of Qajar was born in Tabriz (d. 1930 in France)
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1890s in Iran
Iran
Lara Mori (born 26 July 1998) is an Italian artistic gymnast who represented Italy at the 2020 Summer Olympics.  They are the 2018 Mediterranean Games champion in the all-around, on the floor exercise, and with the Italian team.  They are the 2019 Summer Universiade silver medalist on the balance beam and bronze medalist with the team.
Junior career
Mori made their international debut at the 2012 City of Jesolo Trophy and helped the Italian team win the silver medal behind the United States. Individually, they finished sixth in the all-around. They then competed alongside Elisa Meneghini, Enus Mariani, Tea Ugrin, and Alessia Leolini at the 2012 Junior European Championships where they won the team silver medal behind the Russian team. They were selected to compete at the 2013 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival with Martina Rizzelli and Tea Ugrin, and they placed fifth in the team competition. Mori finished thirteenth in the all-around final.
Senior career
2014
Mori made their senior debut at the 1st Italian Serie A where Mori helped their club, Ginnica Giglio, place fifth. Then at the 2nd Italian Serie A, their club won the silver medal behind Brixia. Mori made their senior international debut at the City of Jesolo Trophy and helped the Italian team win the silver medal behind the United States. At the 3rd Italian Serie A, they helped their club finish seventh.
At the Italian Championships, Mori finished sixth in the all-around, placed fourth in the uneven bars event final, and won the silver medal on the floor exercise behind Elisa Meneghini. They then helped Italy win the team gold medal at the Novara Cup. Then at the Golden League, they finished seventh in the all-around and eighth on the uneven bars, and they won the silver medal on the floor exercise behind Erika Fasana. They then competed at the World Championships alongside Fasana, Vanessa Ferrari, Giorgia Campana, Martina Rizzelli, and Lavinia Marongiu, and they finished fifth in the team final. Them final event of the year was the Élite Gym Massilia where they won the bronze medal on the floor exercise behind Axelle Klinckaert and Olivia Cîmpian.
2015
Mori competed at the 1st Italian Serie A and helped their club finish fourth. They then won the bronze medal at the 2nd Italian Serie A. Then at the 3rd Italian Serie A, they finished fifth. In March, Mori had an ankle injury. They returned in September at the Golden League, they finished fourth with their club, in the all-around, and on the uneven bars, and they won the bronze medal on the balance beam. At the Italian Championships, they finished fourth in the all-around and sixth on the floor exercise, and they won the bronze medal on the uneven bars and the silver medal on the balance beam. At the Novara Cup, they helped the Italian team win the silver medal behind Romania. They competed at the 2015 World Championships alongside Carlotta Ferlito, Erika Fasana, Elisa Meneghini, Enus Mariani, and Tea Ugrin, and they finished seventh in the team final. Them final meet of the season was the Mexican Open where they finished fifth in the all-around.
2016
At the 1st Italian Serie A, Mori helped Ginnica Giglio win the bronze medal, and they placed fourth in the all-around. Then at the 2nd Italian Serie A, their club finished fourth, and they won the bronze medal in the all-around. They once again won the bronze medal in the all-around at the 3rd Italian Serie A, and their club won the bronze medal. They participated in the Olympic Test Event and finished fifteenth in the all-around. They won another all-around bronze medal at the 4th Italian Serie A. They competed at the European Championships with Elisa Meneghini, Enus Mariani, Martina Rizzelli, and Sofia Busato, and they finished fifth in the team final. At the Italian Championships, they finished fourth in the all-around and won the bronze medal on the balance beam. They were selected as the alternate for the 2016 Olympic team.
2017
Mori finished eighth in the all-around at the 1st Italian Serie A. They then competed only on the uneven bars at the City of Jesolo Trophy, but they did not qualify for the event final. They then finished fourth in the all-around at the 2nd Italian Serie A and helped their club finish fifth. At the European Championships, they finished fifth in the floor exercise event final. Then at the 3rd Italian Serie A, they won the silver medal in the all-around behind Martina Maggio. They finished ninth in the all-around and sixth on the balance beam at the Italian Championships, and they won the gold medal on the floor exercise. They won the bronze medal in the all-around at the 4th Italian Serie A. At the World Championships, they finished twelfth in the all-around final and sixth in the floor exercise event final.
2018
At the 1st Italian Serie A, Mori finished fourth with their club and fifth in the all-around. They then competed at the Doha World Cup where they finished eighth on the uneven bars and fourth on the floor exercise. They helped the Italian team win the bronze medal at the City of Jesolo Trophy, and they finished thirteenth in the all-around and seventh on the balance beam. At the 2nd Italian Serie A, they finished tenth in the all-around and seventh with their club. They then finished sixth in the all-around at the 3rd Italian Serie A. They were selected to represent Italy at the 2018 Mediterranean Games, and they helped the team win the gold medal. They then won the gold medals in the individual all-around and on the floor exercise.
Mori won the gold medal on the floor exercise at the Italian Championships. Then at the Rüsselsheim Friendly, they helped the Italian team win the silver medal behind Germany, and they finished fourth in the all-around. They then competed at the World Championships alongside Irene Lanza, Martina Basile, Sara Ricciardi, and Martina Rizzelli, but they did not qualify for the team final. Individually, they finished twenty-second in the all-around final. After the World Championships, they competed at the Cottbus World Cup and finished fourth on the floor exercise. This was their first result for the Olympic qualification through the World Cup series. Them final meet of the season was the Joaquin Blume Memorial, and they finished fourth in the all-around.
2019
Mori won the silver medal in the all-around behind Giorgia Villa at the 1st Italian Serie A. They then competed at the Baku World Cup and won the silver medal on the floor exercise behind Jade Carey. They once again won a silver medal on the floor exercise behind Carey at the Doha World Cup. They won the gold medal in the all-around at the 2nd Italian Serie A and the bronze medal in the all-around at the 3rd Italian Serie A. They then represented Italy at the 2019 Summer Universiade alongside Carlotta Ferlito and Martina Rizzelli, and they won the team bronze medal behind Japan and Russia. Mori finished fifth in the all-around final and won the silver medal on the balance beam behind Hitomi Hatakeda. At the Italian Championships, they finished seventh on the balance beam and won the silver medal on the floor exercise behind Desiree Carofiglio. They won the bronze medal on the floor exercise behind Anastasiia Bachynska and Kim Bui at the Cottbus World Cup.
2020
At the 1st Italian Serie A, Mori finished fourth in the all-around and won the bronze medal with their club. Then at the Melbourne World Cup, they won the bronze medal on the floor exercise behind Jade Carey and Vanessa Ferrari. In March, they went to the Baku World Cup and qualified for the floor exercise final in first place. However, the event finals were canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Azerbaijan. In April, the International Gymnastics Federation decided that the results of the qualification round would be considered the final results for the purpose of awarded points in the 2020 Olympic qualification system- meaning Mori received 30 points for finishing in first place. In October, they competed at the 3rd Italian Serie A and won the silver medal in the all-around behind Martina Maggio.
2021
In March, Mori won a bronze medal with their club at the 1st Italian Serie A. Then at the 2nd Italian Serie A, they won a silver medal with their club and finished ninth in the all-around. Them club then finished ninth at the 3rd Italian Serie A. In June, they competed at the Doha World Cup and won the silver medal on the floor exercise behind Vanessa Ferrari. Ferrari was then awarded the 2020 Olympic spot for floor exercise from the World Cup series with a total of 85 points, and Mori finished second with 80 points.
At the Italian Championships, Olympic team member Giorgia Villa was injured and had to withdraw from the Olympic team. Vanessa Ferrari was added to the Italian team, and their individual spot was then reallocated to Mori. Mori then represented Italy at the 2020 Summer Olympics. In the qualification round, they scored 12.133 on the balance beam and 13.400 on the floor exercise, but they did not qualify for any event finals.
Competitive history
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Italian female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts of Gruppo Sportivo Esercito
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games medalists in gymnastics
Sportspeople from Arezzo
Universiade medalists in gymnastics
Universiade silver medalists for Italy
Universiade bronze medalists for Italy
Medalists at the 2019 Summer Universiade
Gymnasts at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Italy
KXRN-LP (branded as "KX FM) is a low-power FM (LPFM) non-commercial radio station broadcasting at 104.7 MHz FM, and airing generational rock and community programming to Laguna Beach, California. The station serves a 5-square-mile area. It is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, founded in 2012 by Tyler Russell. As of 2014, the station operated on an annual budget of approximately $300,000.
KXRN-LP changed its community of license from Laguna Niguel to Laguna Beach, and its frequency from 93.5 to 104.7 on February 3, 2020, so that they could increase their height and have less interference from KDEY-FM and KDAY both on 93.5 with KDEY-FM being to the North and KDAY-FM being to the Northwest. They have also started broadcasting in HD Radio. The station was licensed for its new facilities on April 3, 2020.
References
External links
https://www.kxfmradio.org/
XRN-LP
XRN-LP
Community radio stations in the United States
Alki Point is a point jutting into Puget Sound, the westernmost landform in the West Seattle district of Seattle, Washington. Alki is the peninsular neighborhood on Alki Point. Alki was the original settlement in what was to become the city of Seattle. It was part of the city of West Seattle from 1902 until that city's annexation by Seattle in 1907.
The Alki neighborhood extends along the shore from the point, both southeast and northeast. To the northeast it continues past Alki Beach roughly to Duwamish Head, the northernmost point of West Seattle.
Alki Point also marks the southern extent of Elliott Bay; a line drawn northwest to West Point marks the division between bay and sound.
The Duwamish called it "Prairie Point" (Lushootseed: sbaqWábaqs). The name refers to prairies near the point that were maintained through seasonal burning by indigenous cultivators. It was a place of native occupation as well as colonial reconnaissance well before 1851. Other names for the point include Battery Point, Me-Kwah-Mooks Point, and Roberts Point.
History
The Denny Party landed at Alki Point November 13, 1851, and platted a settlement of six blocks of eight lots. The original name of the settlement was "New York Alki," "Alki" being a word in Chinook Jargon (Wawa) meaning "eventually" or "by and by." The name "New York" may have been chosen because it was the state of origin of several of the settlers. However, the next April, Arthur A. Denny abandoned the site at Alki for a better-situated site on the east shore of Elliott Bay, just north of the plat of David Swinson "Doc" Maynard. This site is now known as Pioneer Square.
Charles C. Terry, who owned the land, and some others held on at Alki for a while, but most eventually joined the others in Pioneer Square. Terry gave their claim to Maynard in 1857 in exchange for their Pioneer Square holdings; Maynard farmed the land for 11 years and sold it to Hans Martin Hanson and Knud Olson in 1868, Hanson taking possession of the point itself.
The Stockade Hotel was photographed by early Seattle photographers Asahel Curtis and Theodore Peiser.
The Alki Point Lighthouse dates from 1913, replacing the United States Lighthouse Service's post light from 1887 and Hanson's lantern-on-a-post from the mid-1870s.
From 1925 to 1936, a ferry route across Puget Sound connected Alki Point with Manchester, Washington on the Kitsap Peninsula.
Well into the 20th century, Alki was reachable from most of Seattle only by boat. Alki today is reminiscent of a Pacific Northwest beach town, with a mix of mid-century bungalows, medium-rise waterfront apartment houses, waterfront businesses, a thin beach, and a road with a bike/foot trail running several miles along the water. This section of West Seattle is bounded on the northwest by Elliott Bay; on the southwest by Puget Sound; and on the east by the West Seattle hill. Its main thoroughfares are Alki Avenue S.W. (northeast- and southwest-bound); Beach Drive S.W. (northwest- and southeast-bound); and S.W. Admiral Way (east- and westbound).
There have been summer concerts at Alki Beach since the early 1900s; the original streetcars to West Seattle were established in order to bring people to these events. Today, the beach plays host to the Seattle Music Fest every August, a three-day music festival that plays host to emerging Northwest artists and selected national and international headliners.
Denny Monument is located at Alki Beach. It has the names of the first Seattle colony listed on it. The third side of the monument gives the names of the adults composing the first Seattle Colony: "Arthur A. Denny and their Wife. John N. Low and Wife. Carson D. Boren and Wife. David D. Denny. Charles C. Terry", and on the base, "New York Alki (By and By)", the name first given the settlement. The fourth side says "Erected by the Washington University State Historical Society, 13 November 1905", and on the base, "Presented by Lenora Denny."
Tourism
Alki Beach
Alki Beach is the principal tourist attraction at Alki Point. It features sand, saltwater, bungalows, and local restaurants. It is generally not a popular swimming beach, owing to the cold waters of Puget Sound. It overlooks the Olympic Mountains and downtown Seattle from all points. There is access for wheelchair users and roller-skaters. In the summer months, Alki Beach becomes crowded, especially on weekends. Alki Beach is also famed for its biking and walking trail, which provides a picturesque view of nearby Blake Island. Tourist attractions include the miniature of the Statue of Liberty, the iconic Alki Point Lighthouse and the Birthplace of Seattle monument which also includes a tribute to the Indigenous Duwamish people without whom the first settlers would not have thrived. The main commercial strip in West Seattle, uphill from Alki Beach, California Ave SW provides five-and-dime shops and diners that recall earlier decades.
Landmarks
Alki Point Lighthouse is a historic landmark built in 1913 that still functions today. Though the property is not open to the public, the tower is available for touring on summer weekend afternoons when the lens can be viewed. Despite its normal inaccessibility, it provides the tourist with the feeling of an authentic beach town and contributes to the overall picturesque.
A scale replica of the Statue of Liberty at Alki Beach was donated by Reginald H. Parsons and the Seattle Area Council of The Boy Scouts of America in 1952. The statue may allude to "New York-Alki", the name of the 1851 settlement at Alki (see above). Many tourists mourned the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center at the site.
Music
Alki Beach has been a venue for summer concerts every August since the early 20th century. The local music scene draws tourists and locals alike. Live music can also be found at Kenyon Hall which features a Wurlitzer theater organ. The Historic Admiral Theater also presents live performances on occasion.
Bungalows and historic buildings
Bungalows are nestled between condominiums along Harbor Avenue. These historic homes, such as the Hanson-Olsen Home, originally built in the 1860s, provide a glimpse into the Arts and Crafts movement which flourished in the cities of the American West in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century. Many of these bungalows are today in poor condition, and residents have been increasingly forced to renovate or move them to another destination, or risk demolition.
Parks
Hamilton Viewpoint Park, founded in 1954, provides a picturesque view of Elliott Bay. This park is located above Alki Beach on California Avenue SW. There are benches and lawn suitable for picnics and resting. Within the Alki neighborhood is Schmitz Park, the only old-growth forest in Seattle. Other parks in the Alki neighborhood: Me Kwa Mooks, Whale Tail Park, Alki Playground, Bar-S Baseball Field. Alki Beach is also a city park.
Historical tourism at Alki Point
Due to the popularity of Alki Beach in 1902, the electric street railway line was extended from downtown Seattle to this destination.
In 1907, at Duwamish Head, Charles I.D. Looff built an amusement park atop pilings called Luna Park, Seattle. This park, named after one of the amusement parks at Coney Island in New York, included a German carousel, Ferris wheel, rollercoaster, and a boat chute ride. It also included Powers Natatorium and Bathhouse, which included heated saltwater pools. In 1931 the park burned. The pilings can still be seen today at low tide off of the point.
See also
History of Seattle before 1900
Notes
References
Kline, Mary S., and Bayless, G.A., Ferryboats -- A Legend on Puget Sound, Bayless Books, Seattle 1983
External links
City of Seattle Neighborhood Map: Alki
Chinook Jargon place names
Headlands of Washington (state)
Landforms of Seattle
Landforms of King County, Washington
West Seattle, Seattle
Elliott Bay
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Charles, Prince of Wales and their wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
L
M
N
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol † indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" – "killed in action"
"KIFA" – "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" – "missing in action".
"WIA" – "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" – "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (A–C)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (D–F)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (G–K)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (O–R)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (S–U)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V–Z)
Notes
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography Of The Luftwaffe Ace And Commander Of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle Of Britain. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade Of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering Of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
RAF aircrew
Pickering High School is a public high school located in Leesville, Louisiana, United States. It is part of the Vernon Parish School Board.
References
External links
Pickering High School homepage
Educational institutions in the United States with year of establishment missing
Public high schools in Louisiana
Public middle schools in Louisiana
Schools in Vernon Parish, Louisiana
Stöckli railway station () is a railway station in the municipality of St. Stephan, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the Montreux–Lenk im Simmental line of the Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway.
Services
The following services stop at Stöckli:
Regio: hourly service between and .
References
External links
Railway stations in the canton of Bern
Montreux Oberland Bernois Railway stations
Plai Bang (, ) is one of the nine subdistricts (tambon) of Bang Kruai District, in Nonthaburi Province, Thailand. Neighbouring subdistricts are (from north clockwise) Bang Muang, Bang Khu Wiang, Maha Sawat, Chimphli, Sala Thammasop and Sala Klang. In 2020 it had a total population of 19,358 people.
Administration
Central administration
The subdistrict is subdivided into 5 administrative villages (muban).
Local administration
The whole area of the subdistrict is covered by Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality ().
References
External links
Website of Plai Bang Subdistrict Municipality
Tambon of Nonthaburi province
Populated places in Nonthaburi province
Scomberomorini is a tribe of ray-finned saltwater bony fishes that is commonly known as the Spanish mackerels, seerfishes or seer fish. This fish closely resembles the King Mackerel. This tribe is can be found in Desaru coast waters and Malayssia. This tribe is a subset of the mackerel family (Scombridae) – a family that it shares with three sister tribes, the tunas, mackerels, and bonitos, and the butterfly kingfish. Scomberomorini comprises 21 species across three genera. They are pelagic fish, fast swimmers and predatory in nature, that fight vigorously when caught. Seer fishes are mainly caught using hooks and lines.
Taxonomy
The following cladogram shows the most likely evolutionary relationships between the Spanish mackerels and the tunas, mackerels, bonitos, and the butterfly kingfish.
This tribe comprises 21 species in three genera:
Acanthocybium (Gill, 1862)
A. solandri (Cuvier, 1832), wahoo
Grammatorcynus (Gill, 1862)
G. bicarinatus (Quoy & Gaimard, 1825), shark mackerel
G. bilineatus (Rüppell, 1836), double-lined mackerel
Scomberomorus (Lacepède, 1801)
S. brasiliensis Collette, Russo & Zavala-Camin, 1978, Serra Spanish mackerel
S. cavalla (Cuvier, 1829), king mackerel
S. commerson (Lacépède, 1800), narrow-barred Spanish mackerel
S. concolor (Lockington, 1879), Monterrey Spanish mackerel
S. guttatus (Bloch & Schneider, 1801), Indo-Pacific king mackerel
S. koreanus (Kishinouye, 1915), Korean seerfish
S. lineolatus (Cuvier, 1829), streaked seerfish
S. maculatus (Mitchill, 1815), Atlantic Spanish mackerel
S. multiradiatus Munro, 1964, Papuan seerfish
S. munroi Collette & Russo, 1980, Australian spotted mackerel
S. niphonius (Cuvier, 1832), Japanese Spanish mackerel
S. plurilineatus Fourmanoir, 1966, Kanadi kingfish
S. queenslandicus Munro, 1943, Queensland school mackerel
S. regalis (Bloch, 1793), Cero mackerel
S. semifasciatus (Macleay, 1883), broadbarred king mackerel
S. sierra Jordan & Starks, 1895, Pacific sierra
S. sinensis (Lacépède, 1800), Chinese seerfish
S. tritor (Cuvier, 1832), West African Spanish mackerel
India
Spanish mackerel is very much liked for its delicacy in various regions of South India and Sri Lanka. In Tamil Nadu, this fish is called "Vanjaram" and is usually the most expensive fish available. In Kerala, it is called "Neymeen". It is called "Aiykoora" in northern Kerala and south coastal Karnataka. In Sri Lanka, it is known as "thora". Seerfishes are also referred to as "king mackerels" in some areas. They have very sharp teeth and are handled with care by fishers familiar with them. Seerfish is one of the more popular in this group for eating. Seerfishes are notorious for their histamine poisoning. It can be fried, grilled, and steamed. It is gaining popularity in the South Pacific and United States as a canned product. Also known as:
Tamil - Vanjaram,seela
Telugu - Vanjaram Chepa
Kannada - Anjal, Konema, Kalagnani, Surmai
Malayalam - Neymeen, Aiykoora
Sinhala - Thora
Marathi - Surmai
See also
Bonito
Mackerel
Tuna
Mackerel as food
References
Scombridae
BMO SmartFolio is a digital investment management service offered by Canada's Bank of Montreal. Broadly referred to as a robo-advisor, the service allows investors to answer a series of questions online about their investment goals, time horizon and risk tolerance, then are recommended a model portfolio made up of index-tracking exchange-traded funds based on the investor's profile, managed by financial professionals with BMO Global Asset Management and BMO Nesbitt Burns.
Launched to the public on January 18, 2016 by the bank's full-service investment firm, BMO Nesbitt Burns, it was the first digital portfolio management service offered by a big five Canadian banks. BMO SmartFolio was developed in-house to appeal to the growing number of investors looking for investment management alternatives to traditional brokerages.
As of December 18, 2017, the minimum amount required to open a BMO SmartFolio account is $1,000, reduced from the $5,000 minimum amount set when the service was originally launched. Account fees are calculated at 0.7 per cent for the first $100,000 invested then are reduced as the account size increases, to 0.4 per cent on assets over $500,000.
The service offers clients the option of holding their investment in TFSA (Tax-Free Savings Account), RRSP (Registered Retirement Savings Plan), RESP (Registered Education Savings Account), RRIF (Registered Retirement Income Fund), as well as non-registered and joint investment accounts.
Investment industry disruption
Following the financial crisis of 2007-2008, new financial technology startups began offering digital investment management services, or robo-advisors, to meet consumer demands for technology-based solutions to lower the costs of investing. While these online investment management services are most common in the United States, a number are available in Canada, Europe, Australia, India and Asia.
While similar to a robo-advisor service, where investors sign-up online and have digital access to their investment holdings and performance tracking, BMO SmartFolio differs from its peers in the U.S. and UK, in that the portfolios are monitored and managed by a portfolio management group, as opposed to a computer algorithm.
References
External links
BMO SmartFolio website
Bank of Montreal
Financial technology
Financial services in Canada
Astra 1A was the first satellite launched and operated by SES (Société Européenne des Satellites), launched in December 1988. During its early days, it was often referred to as the Astra Satellite, as SES only operated one satellite originally. The satellite provided television coverage to Western Europe from 1989 through 2004. Astra 1A was retired and became derelict in December 2004.
Channels
Among the channels carried in the early years after launch were the entire four channel Sky Television (later British Sky Broadcasting, after the merger with rival British Satellite Broadcasting on the Marcopolo satellite), the services consisted of Sky Channel, Sky News, Sky Movies and Eurosport, the Scandinavian TV3 and TV1000, the German Pro7, Sat.1, RTL plus, 3sat and Teleclub, the Dutch RTL 4 as well as FilmNet, Screensport, MTV Europe, The Children's Channel and Lifestyle.
Astra 1A began television broadcasts on 5 February 1989. Until 1998 all of SES' satellites were co-located with Astra 1A at 19.2° East, leading that position to be known mostly as Astra 1 (later, Astra 19.2°E).
History
The satellite came into its position on 7 January 1989. FilmNet became the first channel on the satellite when it launched on transponder 11 on 1 February 1989. Other channels such as Sky Channel, Eurosport, Sky News and Sky Movies from Sky Television, as well as the Scandinavian TV3 (Sweden) and MTV Europe all launched in February 1989. The Children's Channel/Lifestyle and Screensport followed in March 1989. The Scandinavian pay channel TV1000 launched in August 1989.
Sky Television had originally planned to launch The Disney Channel and Sky Arts on the Astra satellite in 1989, but these plans failed to materialize. The transponders intended for these channels, were used for Eurosport and the Dutch RTL Veronique (which would later become RTL4), respectively. The first German language programmes, RTL plus, Sat.1 and Pro 7 all launched on 8 December 1989. With the launch of 3sat in March 1990 and Teleclub in June 1990 all transponders were occupied.
Lifestyle was replaced by VOX in January 1993. Soon thereafter, Screensport merged with Eurosport and its transponder was replaced by RTL2. RTL 4 moved to Astra 1D in 1995 and was replaced by Super RTL. Teleclub was replaced by Kabel 1 during the same year. TV3 and TV1000 left Astra in 1996 and their transponders were taken over by BSkyB who used them for Fox Kids/Sky Two and Granada Plus/Granada Men & Motors. Filmnet also left in 1996, to be replaced by Bloomberg Germany in 1997. BSkyB ended their analogue service in 2001, which meant that its services closed down. By the end of 2001, the satellite was moved from 19.2° East to serve few years at 5.2° East.
On 19.2° East, the satellite was replaced by Astra 1F. Many channels, including RTL II, RTL, Eurosport, VOX, Sat.1, Kabel Eins, Super RTL and ProSieben were still broadcasting in analogue on the same frequencies in 2009.
In December 2004, Astra 1A was moved into a "graveyard orbit" after some time at 5.2° East providing data services.
Technical issues
As with all GE Astro Space manufactured satellites, the AS-4000 Ku-band satellite design was used for the spacecraft bus, propulsion, thermal protection and solar array, the thermal protection made to protect Astra 1A's 16 transponder payload on board from the Sun's solar wind and cosmic rays.
While never confirmed by SES, Astra 1A is believed to have experienced a number of technical problems throughout its lifetime, including overheating and power system anomalies. After the launch of Astra 1C in 1993, two transponders (4 and 15) were moved from Astra 1A to Astra 1C. Transponder 1 was also moved to Astra 1F after its launch, leaving 13 operational transponders on Astra 1A in the late 1990s. Between February and April 1999, transponder 10 was also moved to Astra 1F.
In mid-1999, the satellite experienced a loss of power which reduced its usable payload to 6 transponders. Transponders 3, 7, 8, 11, 12 and 16 remained on Astra 1A while the others were transferred to Astra 1F; Astra 1C continued to carry transponders 4 and 15 as before. Documentation provided by SES since this event stated the usable payload as 5/6 transponders.
Transponders
References
External links
SES history
Astra website
Astra at 20, Broadband TV News
Astra 1A tribute
Astra satellites
Derelict satellites orbiting Earth
1988 in Luxembourg
Satellites of Luxembourg
First artificial satellite of a country
Spacecraft launched in 1988
Jörgenberg Castle is a castle in the municipality of Waltensburg/Vuorz of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Jörgenberg Castle was built in the 8th century as a fortified church, on lands donated by the Frankish kings. In the 765 testament of Bishop Tello it was referred to as a castellum on Jörgenberg hill. At the beginning of the 9th century it was called ecclesia sancti Georgii in Castello or St. George's Church in a Castle. The current castle and church were probably built on the site of an earlier walled church. The timbers in the bell tower have been dated to 1070. Over the following centuries the church became a medieval feudal castle and in 1265 the main tower was completed.
In the 14th century the castle appears in the historical record in the possession of the Freiherr von Fry(i)berg, who were vassals of the powerful Vaz family. In 1333 a coalition of religious and secular lords fought against the Vaz and their vassals, including the Frybergs. Both Jörgenberg and the nearby village and castle of Siat were captured by the coalition. The peace treaty on 1333 returned the castles, but the Freiherr von Rhäzüns had some type of claim on it. However, a few years later the last member of the Vaz family, Donat, died leaving the Frybergs without a powerful patron. To avoid losing their estates, they sold Siat and Jörgenberg to the Dukes of Austria and then received them back as a fief. In 1342 the last male heir of the Fryberg family, Reinher, died and the Austrians gave the castle to the Counts of Werdenberg. The Freiherr von Rhäzüns demanded the castles based on their claim from 1333 and began attacking the Austrians in the region. During the fighting the main tower was burned. The peace treaty of 1343 placed the fate of the castle in the hands of an arbitrator, who granted the castle to Rhäzüns.
Beginning around 1351 the Rhäzüns family rebuilt the burned tower and added a palas to the north-west corner. In 1378 they bought the nearby Herrschaft of Grünenfels and combined the two into the Herrschaft of Jörgenberg. They appointed vogts to administer the herrschaft for the following century. In 1458 Jörgenberg passed to the Counts von Zollern. The local farmers and villagers disliked the foreign Swabian Zollerns and refused to pay them homage and often rose up in rebellion. A little over a decade later, in 1472, the Zollerns got rid of the troublesome province by selling it to the Abbot of Disentis Abbey. Under the abbot the castle remained the administrative and judicial center of the herrschaft. A pair of stone gallows pillars were built near the castle for executions. In 1539 the Protestant Reformation swept through the area, eliminating much of the Abbey's secular and judicial power and forcing the Abbey to sell Jörgenberg to Mathias Rung von Waltersburg. At that time the castle and church were still in good condition. In 1580 Mathias Rung sold the castle to L. Gandreya, whose family held it for more than a century. During the 17th century it was abandoned and began to fall into ruin. In 1705 they sold the ruins to the municipality. In 1734 the Abbot of Disentis surrendered all their rights to Waltensburg, but retained the title of Lord of Jörgenberg.
In 1931-32 the castle ruins were excavated, cleaned and reinforced. It was repaired again in 1998–2001.
Castle site
The castle sprawls across a plateau atop St. George's hill east of Waltensburg/Vuorz. Most of the church is in ruins, but the Romanesque bell tower is still standing. The slender tower is decorated with blind arches and was built around 1070. The mostly ruined walls of the church were built in the 12th or 13th century, though the northern wall was rebuilt in 1930. The church has a broad nave with a horse-shoe shaped apse and a choir of tuff blocks.
The castle was built in the 12th and 13th century. The five-story main tower was finished around 1265. It is a Romanesque building with round arch windows in the upper two stories. The palas was built around 1351 and was expanded with additional housing later. The ring wall along the northern side of the plateau was also added later.
The two stone pillars of the old gallows are located west of the castle.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
The Wedding of Valeni (German: Die Hochzeit von Valeni) is a 1914 Austrian drama film directed by Jacob Fleck. It was produced by Wiener Kunstfilm, the leading Austrian studio of the era. It is an adaptation of a play by Ludwig Ganghofer.
Cast
Carl Ludwig Friese as Baku
Polly Janisch as Sandra
Herr Normann as Tschuku
Max Neufeld as Jonel
See also
Slaves of Love (1924)
References
External links
Austro-Hungarian films
Austrian silent feature films
Austrian drama films
Films directed by Jacob Fleck
Austrian black-and-white films
1914 drama films
Films based on works by Ludwig Ganghofer
Austrian films based on plays
Fictional representations of Romani people
Silent drama films
Diamond Safari (French: Safari diamants, German: Für eine Handvoll Diamanten) is a 1966 French-West German thriller film directed by Michel Drach and starring Marie-José Nat, Jean-Louis Trintignant and Horst Frank. A young man becomes involved with a gang of diamond-smugglers.
Cast
Marie-José Nat as Electre
Jean-Louis Trintignant as Raphaële Vincente
Horst Frank as Fédérico
Hellmut Lange as Robert Alphène
Jean-Pierre Kalfon as Éric
Jean-Pierre Darras as Pascal Moratti
Frédéric de Pasquale as Le routier
Lucienne Bogaert as La vieille dame sur le banc
Paul Le Person as Joseph
References
External links
1966 films
West German films
German thriller films
French thriller films
1960s thriller films
1960s French-language films
Films directed by Michel Drach
1960s French films
1960s German films
A key code is a series of alphanumeric characters used by locksmiths to create a key. There are two kinds of key codes: blind codes and bitting codes.
Blind codes
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code, which is used to create the actual key. Most key codes are blind codes, and publication of code books or software is restricted to licensed locksmiths in most jurisdictions for security reasons. Some locksmiths also create their own blind coding systems for identifying key systems they installed, or for customer identification and authorization in high security systems. Example: 23N7 (General Motors) or X2100 (Nissan) are examples of blind codes used for automotive ignition keys.
Many computers and manually generated master keying charts also utilize blind codes for identifying individual change keys and masters within the system.
Bitting code
The bitting code is the translated blind code which the locksmith actually uses to cut each blank key. Example: padlock blind code W123 translates to bitting code 25313, to which the locksmith would cut the key with their code machine by setting it to 25313.
The bitting code is used in conjunction with a key's Depth and Spacing Number to completely determine all relevant information regarding the key's geometry. Each number in the bitting code corresponds to a cut on the key blade. For example, a bitting code of 11111 with Depth and Spacing Number 46 specifies a Kwikset key with five shallow cuts. Conversely, a bitting code of 77777 and Depth with Spacing Number 46 specifies a Kwikset key with five deep cuts.
Experienced locksmiths might be able to figure out a bitting code from looking at a picture of a key. This happened to Diebold voting machines in 2007 after they posted a picture of their master key online, people were able to make their own key to match it and open the machines.
References
K
Evangelos "Vangelis" Karampoulas (alternate spellings: Vaggelis, Karaboulas) (Greek: Ευάγγελος "Βαγγέλης" Καράμπουλας; born November 18, 1981) is a Greek professional basketball player.  They are a 2.00 m (6 ft 6 in) tall shooting guard–small forward. Their nickname is Mr. Promotion, due to the fact that the clubs they play with almost always get promoted to the next higher league level.
Professional career
During their professional career, Karampoulas has played with some of the following clubs in Greece: Sporting, Makedonikos, MENT, Panellinios (EuroCup), Iraklis, Ikaros Kallitheas, AENK, AEK Athens, Kavala, and Faros Keratsiniou.
They were voted the Greek 2nd Division's MVP in 2010, 2013, and 2017. Their teams managed to earn a league promotion from the Greek 2nd Division to the top-tier level Greek 1st Division in five consecutive seasons, achieving this eight times overall (2010, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2019, 2020), while also winning the Greek 2nd Division championship a total of five times (2010, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2019).
In 2017, they joined the Greek 3rd Division club Ionikos Nikaias. During the Greek 2nd Division 2018–19 season, while playing with Ionikos, they scored 61 points in a game against Ethnikos Piraeus. During the game, they made 10 three-point field goals.
References
External links
EuroCup Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek League Profile
Draftexpress.com Profile
AEK.com Profile
Sport24.gr Article On Vangelis Karampoulas
1981 births
Living people
AEK B.C. players
Aigaleo B.C. players
Diagoras Dryopideon B.C. players
Faros Keratsiniou B.C. players
Greek men's basketball players
Ikaros B.C. players
Ionikos Nikaias B.C. players
Iraklis Thessaloniki B.C. players
Makedonikos B.C. players
MENT B.C. players
Nea Kifissia B.C. players
Panellinios B.C. players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Sporting basketball players
Amalia Tătăran (born 15 July 1994 in Satu Mare) is a Romanian épée fencer, team silver medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships and team gold medallist at the 2015 European Games.
Career
Tătăran took up fencing at the age of 9 in Satu Mare, a Romanian fencing stronghold, under the guidance of coach Francisc Csiszar. They won a bronze medal at the 2010 Cadet World Championships in Baku. They also represented Romania at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, finishing fifth.
In 2012, they became the youngest member of the Romanian national team. The same year they won the Romanian Cup after defeating in the final Olympic silver medallist Ana Maria Brânză. Tătăran won in 2013 a silver medal at the Junior European Championships in Budapest, followed by a team silver medal at the senior European Championships in Zagreb. For this performance they were named athlete opf the year of Satu Mare County for the third time, after 2010 and 2011. In 2014, they transferred from CS Satu Mare to CS Dinamo București.
In the 2014–15 season they won a bronze medal at the U23 European Championships in Vincenza. They were named a reserve for Romania at the 2015 European Games. In the individual event, they were eliminated in the table of 32 by Great Britain's Corinna Lawrence. In the team event, no.2 seeded Romania accessed directly the semi-finals, where they saw off Russia. They overcame Estonia in the final to earn the gold medal.
References
External links
(archive)
1988 births
Living people
Romanian female épée fencers
Sportspeople from Satu Mare
Fencers at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in fencing
European Games gold medalists for Romania
Herman-Hartmut Weyel (20 July 1933 – 28 November 2021) was a German politician. A member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, they served as Mayor of Mainz from 1987 to 1997.
Politics
Weyel, an administrative lawyer, worked in the Rhineland-Palatinate Ministry of Justice from 1962 to 1982. They had been a member of the Mainz city council for the SPD since 1969. They took over the chairpersonship of their party's parliamentary group in the city council in 1979, which they held until 1983. From 1 April 1983 to April 1987, they were an alderman of the city of Mainz. Until their death, Weyel was chairperson of the association "Vereintes Mainz" (United Mainz), which strives for a reincorporation of the Right-Rhine districts of Mainz.
Weyel was also an assessor in the executive committee of the SPD-Ortsverein Mainz-Oberstadt-Ebertsiedlung.
Lord Mayor of Mainz
Herman-Hartmut Weyel ran together with Eckhart Pick to succeed the Lord Mayor Jockel Fuchs, who had resigned on 30 April 1987.
On 16 November 1986, the sub-district party conference of the SPD in the Electoral Palace elected them as candidate for the office of Lord Mayor with 98 out of 195 votes. Their rival Pick received 92 votes. As the strongest faction in the city council, the SPD had the right to propose a successor to the mayor. As the CDU also signalled support for the SPD candidate, Weyel was elected as the successor to Jockel Fuchs as Lord Mayor in 1986 with a broad majority in the city council. Weyel took office on 4 May 1987.
Weyel's term in office was marked by the noticeable ebbing of Mainz's rapid boom of the 1960s and 1970s, which is associated with the names of their two popular predecessors Franz Stein and Jockel Fuchs. The number of jobs declined by about 10% during Weyel's tenure, mainly due to the closure of the Waggonfabrik and the Panzerwerk. Unemployment, however, remained mostly below the state and national average.
Mainz's housing market was quite difficult until the mid-1990s due to the lack of new housing developments. After the withdrawal of the US NATO forces due to the end of the East-West Conflict, the former military settlement at Mainz-Finthen Airfield was therefore declared a district of Layenhof. However, since further barracks sites in Mainz-Gonsenheim and at Bruchweg became available for civilian settlement, a massive expansion of Layenhof did not take place.
On the initiative of Weyel and the head of the building department, Heidel and Schüler, the area at the southern entrance to Mainz was redeveloped (Römerschiff-Museum, DB-Cargo-Zentrum, Hyatt Hotel, and the Fort Malakoff Park, an office and business centre built by the Siemens-Nixdorf corporation). The Rhine terrace in front of the Fort Malakoff Centre forms the transition from the green area in front of the Uferstrasse to the Rhine pier and is "accepted" by the people of Mainz, partly because of its proximity to the cultural centre ("Kuz").
The housing estate on the Kästrich, built in 1989 on the site of the former Mainzer Aktien Bierbrauerei, is considered particularly successful for the cityscape.
Always strongly oriented towards consensus between the two largest parties, Weyel advocated the political Mainz Model, a broad coalition between SPD, CDU and FDP. Even when in 1989 there was a calculated majority for red-green in the city council, it took until 1992 for this coalition to come about, in which for the first time a Grünen departmental councillor was elected to the city executive, with votes against from the CDU and FDP, which had now become the Opposition. However, since the SPD and the Greens lost their majority in the city council in 1994, there was again a majority in the city council composed of bourgeois parties and the SPD, with the exclusion of the Greens and the Republikaners.
Honours
2005: Cross of Merit 1st Class of the Federal Republic of Germany.
For their commitment to the reconstruction of Mainz's twin city Zagreb after the Yugoslavian wars, the Croatian capital awarded them honorary citizenship.
1933 births
2021 deaths
Mayors of Mainz
Politicians from Brandenburg
People from Prenzlau
Social Democratic Party of Germany politicians
Wikipedia in China may refer to:
Chinese Wikipedia, the Chinese-language version of Wikipedia
Blocking of Wikipedia in mainland China, the People's Republic of China's policy of preventing access to Wikipedia from within the country
Deh Now-e Farrokhzad (, also romanized as Deh Now-e Farrokhzād; also known as ‘Arab Oghlū) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 53, in 11 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
The purported flag of Blackbeard, consisting of a horned skeleton using a spear to pierce a bleeding heart, is typically attributed to the pirate Edward Teach, better known as Blackbeard. However, contrary to popular belief, there is no accurate description of any specific flag used by Blackbeard during their piracy beyond using black flags or "bloody flags" and, in any case, the "flag of Blackbeard" appears to be an early 20th-century design.
History
During the Golden Age of Piracy, Blackbeard (c. 1680 – 1718) was one of the most infamous pirates on the seas. The only record there is of what flag they flew was in 1718 in a newspaper report which stated that Blackbeard's fleet, including their flagship Queen Anne's Revenge, during an attack on the Protestant Caesar flew black flags with death heads and "bloody flags". However it did not state which ship Blackbeard was on at the time.
Following a revival in interest in piracy in the 20th century, the flag with the horned skeleton and bleeding heart first appeared in an article in The Mariner's Mirror magazine as a general pirate's flag in 1912, but the article made no assertion of it being Blackbeard's flag. Later in the century approximately around the 1970s it started to be described as Blackbeard's flag and was often used as such in books and television programmes portraying him. Some academic institutions such as the Smithsonian have also incorrectly described it as the flag of Blackbeard.
Design
The design of the flag consisted of a horned skeleton raising an hourglass "toasting the Devil" in its right hand. In the skeleton's left hand, it held a spear pointing towards a red heart which had three drops of red blood below it, supposedly to signal that no quarter would be given. The historian E. T. Fox affirmed that this flag design would not have been of 18th-century pirate origin because, if the skeleton was meant to represent the Devil, then it would not have been a skeleton, and if it was supposed to represent Death, then it would not have been horned. Most pirate flags at the time would have used simple imagery based on Christian symbols of mortality. Flags of a similar design had been used by Edward Low, Francis Spriggs and Charles Harris.
See also
Jolly Roger
References
Literature
Fox, E.T. (2015). Jolly Rogers, the True History of Pirate Flags.
Piracy
Maritime flags
Historical flags
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Osage County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Osage County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 23 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Osage County
Buildings and structures in Osage County, Oklahoma
The Bumi River is a river located in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.
Rivers of Papua New Guinea
Morobe Province
Acis is a genus of perennial, herbaceous and bulbous plants in the amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae). The genus consists of nine species distributed in Europe and Northern Africa. Acis was previously included in Leucojum; both genera are known as snowflakes.
Description
Acis species are perennial bulbous plants. The flowers have six equally sized tepals, unlike the related genus Galanthus (snowdrops) in which the inner three tepals are shorter than the outer three. The tepals are unmarked, differing in this respect from Leucojum. Most species have white tepals, although those of Acis rosea are pale pink. Acis species are relatively short, up to in Acis autumnalis and in Acis tingitana. The leaves are narrow; very narrow (filiform) in Acis trichophylla. The flower stalks (scapes) are solid.
Taxonomy
Acis was first differentiated from the genus Leucojum by Richard Anthony Salisbury in The Paradisus Londinensis in 1807. In an earlier part of this work, they had used the name Leucojum autumnale for the plant illustrated in plate 21, but when discussing Leucojum pulchellum, illustrated in plate 74, Salisbury noted the differences between the two species and considered them sufficient to put Leucojum autumnale into a new genus, Acis. (However, they did not actually use the name Acis autumnalis, which was published in 1829 by Robert Sweet.) Salisbury did not explain the origin of the name Acis beyond describing it as a "poetic title". It may refer to the myth of Acis and Galatea.
Most later botanists did not accept the distinction between Leucojum and Acis. Acis was reinstated in 2004, after it was determined on morphological and molecular grounds that the broadly defined genus Leucojum was paraphyletic, with Acis and a more narrowly defined Leucojum being related as shown the following cladogram.
A possible relationship among the species of the genus Acis is shown in the following cladogram. (In the study, Acis ionica was treated as "Acis valentina from Greece").
Species
, the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families accepted nine species, most formerly placed in Leucojum.
Acis autumnalis (L.) Sweet – W. & W. Central Mediterranean
Acis fabrei (Quézel & Girerd) Lledó – S.E. France (around Mont Ventoux and River Nesque)
Acis longifolia J.Gay ex M.Roem. – Corsica
Acis nicaeensis (Ardoino) Lledó, A.P.Davis & M.B.Crespo – S.E. France (from Nice eastwards)
Acis ionica Bareka, Kamari & Phitos, syns. Leucojum ionicum Kit Tan, Mullaj, Sfikas & Strid, Acis orientalis Strid – SW. Albania to W. Greece
Acis rosea (F.Martin bis) Sweet – Corsica, Sardinia
Acis tingitana (Baker) Lledó, A.P.Davis & M.B.Crespo – Morocco
Acis trichophylla G.Don – Central & S. Portugal, S. Central & S.W. Spain, Morocco
Acis valentina (Pau) Lledó, A.P.Davis & M.B.Crespo – E. Spain (N. of Valencia)
Cultivation
The species Acis autumnalis has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
References
External links
Amaryllidaceae genera
Rudolph Bond (October 10, 1912 – March 29, 1982) was an American actor who was active from 1947 until their death. Their work spanned Broadway, Hollywood and US television.
Early life
Bond was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the second youngest of five children. They were raised in urban Philadelphia by their mother. They were educated in Philadelphia schools, and eventually received a BA degree from Central High, the only school in the nation certificated to grant such degrees.
Bond was introduced to the world of acting at the age of 16. They were playing basketball with a group of friends when Julie Sutton, the director of a city amateur acting group (Neighborhood Players, which performed in the same building as the basketball area) approached the group and asked if anybody wanted to be in an upcoming play. They volunteered, and acted in several plays before leaving Philadelphia to join the United States Army. They spent four years in the army, was wounded while serving in World War II, and returned to Philadelphia upon their discharge.
Acting career
They continued acting in the Neighborhood Players until 1945, when they won second prize in the John Golden Award for Actors, which allowed them to enroll in Elia Kazan's Actors Studio in New York City. Kazan got them a substantial role in two stage productions. After their success in the second (A Streetcar Named Desire), they were invited to Hollywood to recreate their stage role in the movie version. In 1951 they appeared in "Romeo and Juliet" at the Broadhurst Theatre in New York and in 1960 they toured in "Fiorello" (which starred Tom Bosley). They spent the next thirty years bouncing between California and New York, and between movie and television work.
Personal life
Bond met Alma Halbert when they auditioned for a Neighborhood Players role. They were 25, they were 15. They were married in 1948. They had three children: fraternal twins Jonathan and Janet [Brill], and Zane.
Alma went on to have a successful career on their own, as an analytical psychologist and author. They published sixteen books, and numerous articles both about psychiatry and about their Hollywood experiences.
Bond died of a heart attack in Denver, Colorado, outside the box office of a theater where the next day they were scheduled to begin appearing in a production of What the Babe Said (he was to portray Babe Ruth).
Bond wrote an autobiography but it was not completed before they died. Alma completed it, added an introduction, and had it published in 2000.
Acting credits
Film
1950: With These Hands - Business Agent (uncredited)
1951: A Streetcar Named Desire - Steve Hubbel
1953: Miss Sadie Thompson - Pvt. Hodges
1954: On The Waterfront - Moose
1957: Nightfall - Red
1957: 12 Angry Men - Judge (uncredited)
1957: The Brothers Rico - Charlie Gonzales
1957: The Hard Man - John Rodman
1958: Run Silent, Run Deep - Sonarman 1st Class Cullen
1959: Middle of the Night - Gould
1960: Because They're Young - Chris
1960: The Mountain Road - Sgt. Miller
1960: BUtterfield 8 - Big Man (uncredited)
1970: Hercules in New York - Ship's Captain
1970: Move - Detective Sawyer
1971: Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Are They Saying Those Terrible Things About Me? - Newsdealer
1971: Mr. Forbush and the Penguins - 3rd Pilot
1972: The Godfather - Don Carmine Cuneo
1974: The Super Cops - Policeman (uncredited)
1974: The Taking of Pelham One Two Three - Phil, Police Commissioner
1979: The Rose - Monty
Television credits
Bond appeared in over 100 TV shows. Episodes in which they are credited include:
1952: 2 series
1954: 2 series
1955: 2 series
1956: 6 series
1957: 2 series
1958: 5 series
1959: 3 series
1961: 1 series
1962: 1 series
1963: 5 series
1964: 3 series
1966: 1 series
1967: 1 series
1969: 2 series
1973: 1 series
1974: 2 series
1976: 1 series
1977: 2 series
1978: 3 series
1979: 3 series
New York stage credits
1947: O'Daniel
A Streetcar Named Desire
1950: The Bird Cage
1951: Romeo and Juliet
Glad Tidings
1952: Golden Boy
Fiorello!
After the Fall
1967: Illya Darling
1968: A Mother's Kisses
1972: Night Watch
References
External links
1912 births
1982 deaths
Male actors from Philadelphia
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
Writers from Pennsylvania
United States Army personnel of World War II
20th-century American male actors
Umbrella Games LLC (stylized as umbrella) is an American independent video game developer and publisher founded in March 2015, which commonly develops mobile iOS and Android games.
As of August 2016, they currently have a total of 16 games either developed or published.
Catalog
References
External links
American companies established in 2015
Indie video game developers
Video game companies of the United States
Video game companies established in 2015
Thurstable School is a mixed (ages 11–18) secondary academy school, sports college and sixth form situated in the village of Tiptree, Essex, England.
The school is about 8 miles south of Colchester.
Controversy
Thurstable gained some notoriety in 2018 as it was discovered that one of the teachers employed there who resigned in April 2017, Paul Kaufman, had acted in an "inappropriate" manner towards female students. Acts included, but not limited to, verbal comments about their appearance, to flirting, to touching their hair, and kicking students. When the school began to receive reports about their behaviour, Kaufman left as the school started to investigate. After the Department for Education banned Kaufman from teaching indefinitely, the former Head Teacher, Miles Bacon, reaffirmed that "the wellbeing of our students is always our highest priority."
Ofsted inspections
As of 2021, the school's most recent inspection by Ofsted was in 2016, with a judgement of Good. Ofsted carried out a monitoring visit in 2020, which was not an inspection and did not result in a judgement. The visit was part of Ofsted's response to the 2020 Coronavirus pandemic. The report notes that pupils in years 7 to 10 have forgotten information they were taught in 2020, and have lost ground in writing, but that students in years 11 to 13 are not thought to have fallen behind.
See also
Secondary schools in Essex
References
External links
school website
Academies in Essex
Secondary schools in Essex
Tiptree
Specialist sports colleges in England
Edmund Chaderton was Archdeacon of Salisbury, Archdeacon of Totnes during 1491 and Archdeacon of Chester from 1493.
References
Archdeacons of Chester
Archdeacons of Salisbury
Archdeacons of Totnes
Masters of the Jewel Office
Bernard-Roland (1910–1987) was a French film director and producer.  They are also known Bernard Roland.
Selected filmography
Mademoiselle Swing (1942)
The Midnight Sun (1943)
The Ideal Couple (1946)
We Are Not Married (1946)
Portrait of an Assassin (1949)
Cocagne (1961)
References
Bibliography
Rège, Philippe. Encyclopedia of French Film Directors, Volume 1. Scarecrow Press, 2009.
External links
1910 births
1987 deaths
People from Moulins, Allier
French film directors
French film producers
Christian Jacq (; born 28 April 1947) is a French author and Egyptologist. They have written several novels about ancient Egypt, notably a five book series about pharaoh Ramses II, a character whom Jacq admires greatly.
Biography
Born in Paris, Jacq's interest in Egyptology began when they were thirteen, when they read History of Ancient Egyptian Civilization by Jacques Pirenne. This inspired them to write their first novel. By the time they were eighteen, they had written eight books. Their first commercially successful book was Champollion the Egyptian, published in 1987. , they have written over fifty books, including several non-fiction books on the subject of Egyptology.
Jacq has a doctorate in Egyptian Studies from the Sorbonne. They and their wife later founded the Ramses Institute, which is dedicated to creating a photographic description of Egypt for the preservation of endangered archaeological sites.
Between 1995 and 1997, they published their best-selling five book suite Ramsès, which is today published in over twenty-five countries. Each volume encompasses one aspect of Ramses's known historical life, woven into a fictional tapestry of the ancient world for an epic tale of love, life and deceit.
Jacq's series describes a vision of the life of the pharaoh: they have two vile power-hungry siblings, Shanaar, their decadent older brother, and Dolora, their corrupted older sister who married their teacher. In their marital life, they first have Isetnofret (Iset) as a mistress (second Great Wife), meets their true love Nefertari (first Great Wife) and after their deaths, marries Maetnefrure in their old age. Jacq gives Ramses only three biological children: Kha'emweset, Meritamen (she is the only child of Nefertari, the two others being from Iset) and Merneptah. The other "children" are only young officials trained for government and who are nicknamed "sons of the pharaoh".
Books
These books are typically classed as historical fiction; many of them delve into the supernatural powers given to the Pharaoh, however, and could be considered fantasy by loose definition.
The Ramses Series
The story of the greatest Pharaoh in history
The Son of Light (1995)
The Temple of a Million Years Formerly published as The Eternal Temple (1995)
The Battle of Kadesh (1996)
The Lady of Abu Simbel (1996)
Under the Western Acacia (1997)
The Stone of Light Series
The craftsman's village at Deir al-Madinah is one of the few places in the ancient world where life has been vividly preserved. Jacq uses real names, characters and scandals to reconstruct life in this extraordinary place.
Nefer the Silent
The Wise Woman
Paneb the Ardent
The Place of Truth
The Queen of Freedom Trilogy
The tale of Queen Ahhotep, Egypt's "Joan of Arc" and their crusade to liberate their nation from the Hyksos oppressors
The Empire of Darkness
War of the Crowns
The Flaming Sword
The Judge of Egypt Trilogy
In the Age of Ramses, Egypt's power is unchallenged. However, a dark conspiracy seeks to strike at the Pharaoh ... only an idealistic judge and a young doctor stand between Egypt and oblivion.
Beneath the Pyramid
Secrets of the Desert
Shadow of the Sphinx
The Mysteries of Osiris Series
The Tree of Life
The Conspiracy of Evil
The Way of Fire
The Great Secret
The Vengeance of the Gods Series
Manhunt
The Divine Worshipper
The Mozart Series
The Great Magician
The Son of Enlightenment
The Brother of Fire
The Beloved of Isis
Other books
Egyptian Magic (non-fiction 1985)
The Black Pharaoh
The Tutankhamun Affair
For the Love of Philae
Champollion the Egyptian
Master Hiram and King Solomon
The Living Wisdom of Ancient Egypt (non-fiction)
Fascinating Hieroglyphics (non-fiction 1997)
Magic and Mystery in Ancient Egypt (non-fiction 1998)
The Wisdom of Ptah Hotep (non-fiction 2006)
Tutankhamun: The Last Secret (February 2009)
The Judgement of the Mummy (2009)
Egypt (non fiction 2009)
References
Annette Lévy-Willard, « Christian Jacq, le nouveau pharaon », Libération, 09/05/1996.
Françoise Monier, « Christian Jacq : scribe best-seller », L'Express, 03/08/2000.
Thiébault Dromard, « Christian Jacq ou le bon filon de Bernard Fixot », Le Figaro économie, 12/08/2004.
Blaise de Chabalier, « Christian Jacq, dans la peau d'un scribe », Le Figaro, 29/01/2009.
Christian Jacq, « L'Égypte pharaonique n'existe plus, mais ses valeurs persistent », Le Figaro magazine, 01/05/2009.
Émilie Grangeray, « Christian Jacq, la saga du "petit scribe" », Le Monde, 20/03/2009.
Laure Mentzel, « Docteur Christian et le mystère Jacq », Le Figaro, 05/11/2010.
Isabelle Falconnier, « Christian Jacq : un Égyptien à Blonay », L'Hebdo, 18/12/2014.
External links
1947 births
Living people
Writers from Paris
French Egyptologists
20th-century French novelists
21st-century French novelists
University of Paris alumni
French historical novelists
Writers of historical fiction set in antiquity
French male novelists
French children's writers
Winners of the Prix Broquette-Gonin (literature)
Prix Maison de la Presse winners
20th-century French male writers
21st-century French male writers
French male non-fiction writers
The American Motor Sleigh was made by the American Motor Sleigh Co in 1905. It was designed for travel on snow, with a single-cylinder engine which drove a pronged wheel, with runners in place of conventional wheels.
References
G. Marshall Naul, "American Motor Sleigh", in G.N. Georgano, ed., The Complete Encyclopedia of Motorcars 1885-1968 (New York: E.P. Dutton and Co., 1974), pp. 42.
Snowmobile manufacturers
Tawfiq al-Hakim or Tawfik el-Hakim (, ; October 9, 1898 – July 26, 1987) was a prominent Egyptian writer and visionary.  They are one of the pioneers of the Arabic novel and drama. The triumphs and failures that are represented by the reception of their enormous output of plays are emblematic of the issues that have confronted the Egyptian drama genre as it has endeavored to adapt its complex modes of communication to Egyptian society.
Early life
Tawfiq Ismail al-Hakim was born on October 9, 1898, in Alexandria, Egypt, to an Egyptian father and Turkish mother. Their father, a wealthy and illustrious civil officer, worked as a judge in the judiciary in the village of al-Delnegat, in central Beheira province. Their mother was the daughter of a retired Turkish officer. Tawfiq al-Hakim enrolled at the Damanhour primary school at the age of seven. They left primary school in 1915 and their father put them in a public school in the Beheira province, where Tawfiq al-Hakim finished secondary school. However, due to the lack of proper secondary schooling in the province, Tawfiq al-Hakim moved to Cairo with their uncles to continue their studies at Muhammad Ali secondary school.
After studying in Cairo, they moved to Paris, where they graduated in law and began preparing a PhD thesis at the Sorbonne. However, their attention turned increasingly to the Paris theatres and the Opera and, after three years in Paris, they abandoned their studies and returned to Egypt in 1928, full of ideas for transforming Egyptian theatre.
Egyptian drama before Tawfiq al-Hakim
The cause of "serious" drama, at least in its textual form, was in the process of being given a boost by one of the Egypt's greatest littérateurs, Ahmed Shawqi, "Prince of Poets," who during their latter years penned a number of verse dramas with themes culled from Egyptian and Islamic history; these included Masraa' Kliyubatra (The Death of Cleopatra, 1929), Majnun Layla (Driven mad by Layla, 1931), Amirat el-Andalus (The Andalusian Princess, 1932), and Ali Bey al-Kebir (an 18th-century ruler of Egypt), a play originally written in 1893 and later revised.
War-time political writings
During WWII, al-Hakim published many articles against Nazism and Fascism. The articles portrayed Hitler as a demon whose victory would herald the end of human civilization, bringing instead a "return to barbarism ... tribalism, and beastliness".
In the same period al-Hakim was one of the contributors of Al Katib Al Misri, a literary magazine started in Cairo in October 1945.
Plays
The publication and performance of their play, Ahl al-Kahf (The People of the Cave, 1933), was a significant event in Egyptian drama. The story of 'the people of the cave' is found in the eighteenth surah of the Qur'an as well as in other sources. It concerns the tale of the seven sleepers of Ephesus who, in order to escape the Roman persecution of Christians, take refuge in a cave. They sleep for three hundred years, and wake up in a completely different era - without realizing it, of course. In its use of overarching themes - rebirth into a new world and a predilection for returning to the past - al-Hakim's play obviously touches upon some of the broad cultural topics that were of major concern to intellectuals at the time, and, because of the play's obvious seriousness of purpose, most critics have chosen to emphasise such features.
Within a year, al-Hakim produced another major and highly revered work, Shahrazad (Scheherazade, 1934). While the title character is, of course, the famous narrator of the One Thousand and One Nights collection, the scenario for this play is set after all the tales have been told. Now cured of their vicious anger against the female sex by the story-telling virtuosity of the woman who is now their wife, King Shahriyar abandons their previous ways and embarks on a journey in quest of knowledge, only to discover themselves caught in a dilemma whose focus is Shahrazad herself; through a linkage to the ancient goddess, Isis, Shahrazad emerges as the ultimate mystery, the source of life and knowledge. Even though the play is now considered one of their finest works, Taha Hussein, a prominent Arab writer and one of the leading intellectuals of the then Egypt criticized some of its aspects, mainly that it was not suitable for a theatrical performance. Later, the two writers wrote together a novel called The Enchanted Castle (Al-Qasr al-Mashur, 1936) in which both authors revisited some of the themes from al-Hakim's play.
When the National Theatre Troupe was formed in Egypt in 1935, the first production that it mounted was The People of the Cave. The performances were not a success; for one thing, audiences seemed unimpressed by a performance in which the action on stage was so limited in comparison with the more popular types of drama. It was such problems in the realm of both production and reception that seem to have led al-Hakim to use some of their play-prefaces in order to develop the notion of their plays as 'théâtre des idées', works for reading rather than performance. However, in spite of such critical controversies, they continued to write plays with philosophical themes culled from a variety of cultural sources: Pygmalion (1942), an interesting blend of the legends of Pygmalion and Narcissus.
Some of al-Hakim's frustrations with the performance aspect were diverted by an invitation in 1945 to write a series of short plays for publication in newspaper article form. These works were gathered together into two collections, Masrah al-Mugtama (Theatre of Society, 1950) and al-Masrah al-Munawwa (Theatre Miscellany, 1956). The most memorable of these plays is Ughniyyat al-Mawt (Death Song), a one-act play that with masterly economy depicts the fraught atmosphere in Upper Egypt as a family awaits the return of the eldest son, a student in Cairo, for them to carry out a murder in response to the expectations of a blood feud.
Al-Hakim's response to the social transformations brought about by the 1952 revolution, which they later criticized, was the play, Al Aydi Al Na'imah (Soft Hands, 1954). The 'soft hands' of the title refer to those of a prince of the former royal family who finds themselves without a meaningful role in the new society, a position in which they are joined by a young academic who has just finished writing a doctoral thesis on the uses of the Arabic preposition hatta. The play explores in an amusing, yet rather obviously didactic fashion, the ways in which these two apparently useless individuals set about identifying roles for themselves in the new socialist context. While this play may be somewhat lacking in subtlety, it clearly illustrates in the context of al-Hakim's development as a playwright the way in which they had developed their technique in order to broach topics of contemporary interest, not least through a closer linkage between the pacing of dialogue and actions on stage. Their play formed the basis of a popular Egyptian film by the same name, starring Ahmed Mazhar.
In 1960, al-Hakim was to provide further illustration of this development in technique with another play set in an earlier period of Egyptian history, Al Sultan Al-Ha'ir (The Perplexed Sultan). The play explores in a most effective manner the issue of the legitimation of power. A Mamluk sultan at the height of their power is suddenly faced with the fact that they have never been manumitted and that they are thus ineligible to be ruler. By 1960 when this play was published, some of the initial euphoria and hope engendered by the Nasserist regime itself, given expression in Al Aydi Al Na'imah, had begun to fade. The Egyptian people found themselves confronting some unsavoury realities: the use of the secret police to squelch the public expression of opinion, for example, and the personality cult surrounding the figure of Gamal Abdel Nasser. In such a historical context, al-Hakim's play can be seen as a somewhat courageous statement of the need for even the mightiest to adhere to the laws of the land and specifically a plea to the ruling military regime to eschew the use of violence and instead seek legitimacy through application of the law.
A Bullet in the Heart (Rosasa Fel Qalb) was released in Cairo theatres. The events revolve around Naguib, who has a dire financial situation, who falls in love with the girl Fifi at first sight and does not know who they are, so they tell their friend, Dr. Sami, the story and she's originally their friend's fiancé. This play is one of the three plays of Al-Hakim, in which the conclusion was open and unconvincing in that way, and it was released in 1964 under the same name, starring Salah Zulfikar.
A two volume English translation of collected plays is in the UNESCO Collection of Representative Works.
Style and themes
The theatrical art of al-Hakim consists of three types:
1- Biographical Theatre:
The group of plays they wrote in their early life in which they expressed their personal experience and attitudes towards life were more than 400 plays among which were "al-Arees", (The Groom) and "Amama Shibbak al-Tazaker", (Before the Ticket Office). These plays were more artistic because they were based on Al Hakim's personal opinion in criticizing social life.
2- Intellectual Theatre:
This dramatic style produced plays to be read not acted. Thus, they refused to call them plays and published them in separate books.
3- Objective Theatre:
Its aim is to contribute to the Egyptian society by fixing some values of the society, exposing the realities of Egyptian life.
Al-Hakim was able to understand nature and depict it in a style which combines symbolism, reality and imagination. They mastered narration, dialogue and selecting settings.
While al-Hakim's earlier plays were all composed in the literary language, they were to conduct a number of experiments with different levels of dramatic language. In the play, Al-Safqah (The Deal, 1956), for example - with its themes of land ownership and the exploitation of poor peasant farmers - they couched the dialogue in something they termed 'a third language', one that could be read as a text in the standard written language of literature, but that could also be performed on stage in a way which, while not exactly the idiom of Egyptian Arabic, was certainly comprehensible to a larger population than the literate elite of the city. There is perhaps an irony in the fact that another of al-Hakim's plays of the 1960s, Ya tali al-Shajarah (1962; The Tree Climber, 1966), was one of their most successful works from this point of view, precisely because its use of the literary language in the dialogue was a major contributor to the non-reality of the atmosphere in this Theatre of the Absurd style involving extensive passages of non-communication between husband and wife. Al-Hakim continued to write plays during the 1960s, among the most popular of which were Masir Sorsar (The Fate of a Cockroach, 1966) and Bank al-Qalaq (Anxiety Bank, 1967).
Influence and impact on Arabic literature
Tawfiq al-Hakim is one of the major pioneer figures in modern Arabic literature. In the particular realm of theatre, they fulfill an overarching role as the sole founder of an entire literary tradition, as Taha Hussein had earlier made clear. Their struggles on behalf of Arabic drama as a literary genre, its techniques, and its language, are coterminous with the achievement of a central role in contemporary Egyptian political and social life.
Hakim's 1956 play Death Song was the basis of the libretto to Mohammed Fairouz's 2008 opera Sumeida's Song.
Personal life
Hakim was viewed as something of a misogynist in their younger years, having written a few misogynistic articles and remaining a bachelor for an unusually long period of time; they were given the laqab (i.e. epithet) of عدو المرأة ('Aduww al Mar'a), meaning "Enemy of woman." However, they eventually married and had two children, a son and a daughter. Their wife died in 1977; their son died in 1978 in a car accident. They died July 23, 1987.
List of works
A Bullet in the Heart, 1926 (Plays)
Leaving Paradise, 1926 (Plays)
The Diary of a Country Prosecutor, 1933 (Novel) (translation exists at least into Spanish, German and Swedish, and into English by Abba Eban as Maze of Justice (1947))
The People of the Cave, 1933 (Play)
The Return of the Spirit, 1933 (Novel)
Shahrazad, 1934 (Play)
Muhammad the Prophet, 1936 (Biography)
A Man without a Soul, 1937 (Play)
A Sparrow from the East, 1938 (Novel)
Ash'ab, 1938 (Novel)
The Devil's Era, 1938 (Philosophical Stories)
My Donkey told me, 1938 (Philosophical Essays)
Praxa/The problem of ruling, 1939 (Play)
The Dancer of the Temple, 1939 (Short Stories)
Pygmalion, 1942
Solomon the Wise, 1943
Boss Kudrez's Building, 1948
King Oedipus, 1949
Soft Hands, 1954
Equilibrium, 1955
Isis, 1955
The Deal, 1956
The Sultan's Dilemma, 1960
The Tree Climber, 1966
The Fate of a Cockroach, 1966
Anxiety Bank, 1967
The Return of Consciousness, 1974
Novels adaptations
1944: A Bullet in the Heart (film)
1964: A Bullet in the Heart (play)
1977: The Return of the Spirit (miniseries)
External links
Egyptian figures
References
1898 births
1987 deaths
Writers from Alexandria
Egyptian journalists
Egyptian Muslims
Egyptian novelists
20th-century Egyptian writers
Egyptian speculative fiction writers
Egyptian dramatists and playwrights
Egyptian people of Turkish descent
20th-century novelists
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century journalists
Ferdinand Monoyer (9 May 1836 – 11 July 1912) was a French ophthalmologist, known for introducing the dioptre in 1872.
They invented the Monoyer chart, used to test visual acuity. They inserted their name in the random letters of the chart. It appears when one reads vertically from bottom to top on each side.
Biography
Monoyer was of Alsatian heritage by their mother and their father was a French military doctor.
They were an associate professor of medical physics at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Strasbourg in 1871. Later, they were the director of the Ophthalmic Clinic of the Faculty of Medicine, Nancy-Université from 1872 to 1877. They were also professor of medical physics at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Lyon, from 1877 to 1909.
Death
Monoyer died at the age of 76 years. Their tomb is located in the Cimetière de la Guillotière in Lyon. On Saturday 13 July 1912, a long procession of friends and members of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Lyon accompanied Professor Monoyer to their final resting place; Professor Hugounenq traced Monoyer's career as chair at the University of Lyon, Associate Professor Nogier spoke on behalf of the students of the late master and Louis Dor made a speech on behalf of the Ophthalmological Society of Lyon.
The speech made in Monoyer's honour by the president of Société nationale de Médecine de Lyon during 11 November 1912 session of the Société was concluded as such: "To the memory of this scholar, the Medical Society bows with respect and sadness; it has lost a friend who was also their counselor who knew to think and to reflect."
References
French ophthalmologists
1836 births
1912 deaths
University of Strasbourg faculty
Nancy-Université faculty
University of Lyon faculty
George Fenwicke, B.D. (1690–1760) was an English clergyman and religious writer.
Life
Fenwicke was educated at St. John's College, Cambridge, graduating B.A. in 1708/9 and M.A. in 1712. They were elected a Fellow of St John's on 29 March 1710. They resigned their fellowship in March 1722, and was presented to the rectory of Hallaton, Leicestershire, which they held until their death.
Here, as a condition of holding certain land bequeathed many years previously to the rector, they had to contribute every Easter Monday a sermon, two hare-pies, a quantity of ale, and two dozen penny loaves. The provisions, after divine service and a sermon, were carried in procession to a mound called ‘Harepies Bank,' thrown into a hole, and scrambled for by the men, women, and children assembled, causing disorder. Another bequest from Mrs. Parker, a widow, the rector expended in providing a home for three poor women or poor men of the parish.
They died 10 April 1760, according to the inscription on a mural tablet which is placed outside the church against the north wall of the chancel.
Works
In James Darling's Cyclopædia Bibliographica Fenwicke is called a Hutchinsonian. They published a visitation sermon in 1736, one on the smallpox in 1737, and two other sermons in 1738. They were also the author of:
The Friendly Monitor for Rich and Poor.
Help for the Sincere in Plain Meditations, London, 1737.
Thoughts on the Hebrew Titles of the Psalms, London, 1749; new edition, 1855.
The Psalter in its Original Form, 1759.
References
1690 births
1760 deaths
18th-century English people
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Fellows of St John's College, Cambridge
18th-century English non-fiction writers
18th-century English male writers
English non-fiction writers
People from Harborough District
18th-century English Anglican priests
English male non-fiction writers
, stylized BALMUDA, is a Japanese design and manufacturing company that produces small appliances and computer accessories. Its products have won international recognition for their designs, including Red Dot and iF Product Design awards. The story behind one of the company's early products was adapted for television in the NHK drama Hanbun, Aoi.
History
Balmuda was founded in Tokyo in 2003 by Gen Terao, a high-school dropout who pursued a music career for several years before starting Balmuda as a product design company. The company's first product was the Floater, an aluminum laptop stand that Macworld praised for its design while noting that buyers would be "definitely paying—a lot—for the unique design and the production process".
After nearly going bankrupt during the late-2000s recession, in 2010 the company launched the GreenFan, a home air circulation fan that Terao had designed to eliminate the strong air currents resulting from traditional bladed fan designs. Terao claims that the idea for the fan, which combines two different blade systems operating at different speeds, came from watching children linking arms and trying to run in a circle, and noting what happened when faster and slower children were linked together. The story of Balmuda's development of the GreenFan product was later adapted by NHK for a series of episodes in the 98th asadora Hanbun, Aoi.
Balmuda has since introduced several more small appliances, including a toaster, a microwave oven, an electric kettle, and a rice cooker, with Balmuda providing product design and distribution but all manufacturing outsourced to other companies. The toaster oven, called "The Toaster" and introduced in 2015, was not initially advertised to consumers, but sold so quickly that customers had to wait three months to get their product. The company has also developed a signature food product, BALMUDA The Curry, intended to be prepared with Balmuda appliances.
The company announced its expansion into Europe in 2013. In 2017 Balmuda opened its first retail store, located in Tokyo's Ginza neighborhood. As of 2018 it had over 100 employees. Balmuda went public on the Tokyo Stock Exchange in December 2020, with an initial surge in stock price in anticipation of its entry into the smartphone market, but the company halted sales of its phone product at the start of 2022 due to poor reviews and general consumer disappointment, leading to a sharp drop in share price.
Product design
Balmuda has drawn comparisons to Apple Inc. for its approach to "turning humidifiers, toasters, and space heaters into objects of desire". The original GreenFan received a Red Dot Award and iF Product Design Award. Several subsequent products have also received iF Design Awards, including two Gold Awards. Balmuda's product design has been imitated by other manufacturers, and the company has taken legal action to challenge products of apparently similar design, such as air purifiers produced by Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi.
References
Companies established in 2003
Companies based in Tokyo
Consumer electronics brands
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Hansel Enmanuel Donato Domínguez, known as Hansel Enmanuel, is a Dominican college basketball player who plays for the Northwestern State Demons of the Southland Conference. They played high school basketball at Life Christian Academy in Kissimmee, Florida.
They went viral in early 2021 for their flashy dunks, passes, three-pointers and athleticism against top high school talent despite having only one arm due to a childhood incident.
Early life
Enmanuel was born in the Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic to Hansel Salvador Donato and Katia "Katy" Domínguez Pérez, and grew up in Los Mina, one of the poorest barrios in the city.
High school career
Enmanuel gained recognition in 2020 after posting videos on social media of them playing streetball in their hometown of Santo Domingo. In October, they appeared on national television when they were interviewed on El Show Del Mediodia (The Noon Show) on Color Visión. Enmanuel moved to the United States in January 2021 after receiving a scholarship to play at Life Christian Academy in Kissimmee, Florida. The team's head coach, Moisés Micael, was an old teammate of their father's who saw their videos online and convinced them to make the move. Within weeks of their arrival their highlight videos went viral on social media again. Their performance at the Orlando Winter Showdown further elevated their profile after they averaged 25 points and 11 rebounds per game throughout the tournament. They also began playing on the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) circuit for SOH Elite. In their first season of high school basketball, Enmanuel averaged 26 points, 11 rebounds and seven assists while helping their team win a Central Florida Christian Academy state title.
Recruiting
Enmanuel received their first Division I offer from Tennessee State in August 2021. That offer was followed by an offer from Memphis in February 2022.
In June 2022, Enmanuel announced that they were considering Memphis, Northwestern State and Bethune–Cookman, as well as the Overtime Elite professional league. They committed to Northwestern State on July 23.
Personal life
At the age of six, Enmanuel lost their left arm when a cinderblock wall came down on them and trapped them for two hours, requiring amputation below the shoulder. Despite their life-altering injuries, they said they saw the experience as a "blessing." Forced to give up their preferred sport of baseball, they switched their focus to basketball thereafter. Their father, themselves a former professional basketball player, was initially against the idea because they thought they would get hurt, but later served as one of their biggest supporters.
Enmanuel is nicknamed Kikimita after their father, who was called Kikima in their playing days. Aside from their dad they cite LeBron James and Kevin Durant as their idols.
Social media and endorsements
Enmanuel has established a large social media following since moving to the United States. In April 2022, they signed a name, image, and likeness (NIL) deal with Banreservas, one of the largest financial institutions in their native Dominican Republic. They signed a deal with Gatorade, starring in a national commercial spot that aired in June as part of the brand's Fuel Tomorrow campaign.
References
Living people
2004 births
Dominican Republic men's basketball players
Dominican Republic expatriate basketball people in the United States
Sportspeople from Santo Domingo
Amputee sportspeople
Dominican Republic people with disabilities
Dominican Republic amputees
Aeronautica Umbra SA was an Italian aircraft manufacturer founded at Foligno in 1935 by Muzio Macchi. The firm produced SM.79 bombers for the Regia Aeronautica but never enjoyed success with its own designs. Its best-known attempt was the AUT.18 fighter of 1936. Another promising prototype, the MB.902 had two Daimler-Benz DB 605 engines within the fuselage, driving contra-rotating propellers mounted on the wings, but this was destroyed without ever having flown.
After World War II, the company re-formed and in 1968 commenced work on a design for a three-engine STOL transport aircraft designated the AUM-903. This, however, was never actually built, although the company did manufacture Scheibe Falke under licence for a time.
See also
List of Italian companies
References
Gunston, Bill. (1993). World Encyclopaedia of Aircraft Manufacturers. Naval Institute Press: Annapolis, Maryland. pp. 32, 311
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of Italy
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1935
Italian companies established in 1935
Aermacchi
Alenia Aermacchi
Foligno
Defence companies of Italy
Trent Solsma (born 1990s) is a former college football quarterback who played for the Morningside Mustangs.
Early life and college career
Trent Solsma was born in the 1990s in Dakota Dunes, South Dakota. They went to high school at Bishop Heelan Catholic High School, leading them to the state championship in 2013. They set records for: passing yards (453), touchdown passes (6), total touchdowns (7, as Solsma also had a rushing score), and pass completions (23) during the championship game. They were then named to the 2013 All-Metro class.
Solsma played college football at Morningside College. In their senior year, they were named the NAIA Player of the Year after throwing for 5,097 yards and 68 touchdowns, with only 6 interceptions. They also are named First-Team All-American. In their final college football game, the NAIA National Championship, they went 19 for 36 passing, with 292 yards and four touchdowns. With under 1:30 left in the game, they threw a 16-yard pass to Connor Niles to win the championship against Benedictine. They had also thrown a game-winning pass to Niles in the previous game. The Trent Solsma-Connor Niles duo was considered to be one of the most productive duos in NAIA football history.
They threw for 13,739 yards and 169 touchdowns in their career.  They are the NAIA's all-time leader in passing touchdowns.
After their college career they became a coach at Cinco Ranch High School.
References
External links
Morningside profile
1990s births
Living people
Morningside Mustangs football players
American football quarterbacks
Players of American football from South Dakota
People from Union County, South Dakota
Oleksii Pashkov (born 6 January 1981) is a Ukrainian track and field athlete who competes in disability athletics in the F36 category. Pashkov represented their country in the discus throw at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, where they won the silver medal with a distance of 38.89 metres.
References
1981 births
Living people
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Ukraine
Ukrainian male discus throwers
Track and field athletes with disabilities
Sportspeople from Zaporizhzhia
Paralympic medalists in athletics (track and field)
Paralympic athletes of Ukraine
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Charles, Prince of Wales and their wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
O
P
Q
R
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol † indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" – "killed in action"
"KIFA" – "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" – "missing in action".
"WIA" – "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" – "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (A–C)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (D–F)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (G–K)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (L–N)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (S–U)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V–Z)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
RAF aircrew
Hugh W. Dougall (–) was a Latter-day Saint hymnwriter.
Dougall was born in Salt Lake City to William B. Dougall and their wife the former Maria Young. Dougall's mother was a daughter of Brigham Young.
Dougall served an LDS mission in the Southern States Mission from 1894-1896. Among hymns by Dougall are "Jesus of Nazareth, Savior and King" and the music to "Come Unto Him". Their song "The Bridge Builder" was used extensively by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association in the early 20th century.
Dougall also served as music supervisor for Utah's Public Schools. Dougall was also involved with the Salt Lake Opera Company.
See also
Descendants of Brigham Young
Notes
References
J. Spencer Cornwall. Stories of Our Mormon Hymns. (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1975) p. 100-101.
explanation of "The Bridge Builder"
1872 births
1963 deaths
American Latter Day Saint hymnwriters
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
Burials at Salt Lake City Cemetery
Richards–Young family
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Spotify Kids is a mobile app that allows children to browse Spotify while providing their parents with parental controls. The app also includes curated content for children such as audiobooks, lullabies, and bedtime stories. Only subscribers to Spotify's Premium Family subscription plan can access the app, which has been described as a method of boosting subscriptions to the plan.
Function
Spotify Kids is a mobile app that allows children to browse Spotify with parental controls. Using the app, parents can view their children's listening history, block specific songs, and share playlists with their children. The app also includes sing-along songs, playlists designed for young children, and curated audiobooks, lullabies, and bedtime stories. Access is included in Spotify's Premium Family subscription plan, and is exclusive to subscribers to the plan. Users can configure the app for a specific age group upon first launch.
The playlists on Spotify Kids are curated by groups including Discovery Kids, Nickelodeon, Universal Pictures, and The Walt Disney Company. All content on the Spotify Kids app is curated by editors. , there were roughly 8,000 songs available on the platform.
The design of the Spotify Kids app is colorful, and user interface varies depending on the age group for which the app is configured.
Purpose
Spotify Kids is designed to follow regulations about consent and data collection for applications used by children. TechCrunch described it as "largely designed to boost sign-ups for Spotify's top-tier subscription, the $14.99 (USD) per month Premium Family plan."
Release
Spotify Kids is available for iOS and Android. After being beta tested in Ireland in October 2019, it was released as a beta across the United Kingdom on February 11, 2020. It was later released in Sweden, Denmark, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, Argentina, and Brazil. On March 31, 2021, it was made available in France, Canada, and the United States.
References
External links
Kids
Mobile applications
IOS software
Android (operating system) software
Mobile music apps
Music streaming services
Children's entertainment
California Correctional Center (CCC) is a state prison in the city of Susanville in Northern California. It is a minimum-security facility.
Also located in Susanville is the High Desert State Prison (California) (maximum security), and nearby the Federal Correctional Institution, Herlong. Lassen County has a concentration of prisons, which employ half of the adult population of Susanville. The state facilities prisons were severely overcrowded until 2012, when legislation was passed requiring reduction in prison populations. Many facilities are still above design capacity, increasing risk to correction officers and inmates.
Facilities
CCC's missions are "to receive, house, and train minimum-custody inmates for placement into one of the institution's 18 Northern California conservation camps" and "to provide meaningful work, training, and education programs for inmates who do not meet the criteria for assignment to a conservation camp." It has including Level l ("Open dormitories without a secure perimeter") housing, Level ll ("Open dormitories with secure perimeter fences and armed coverage") housing, Level lll ("Individual cells, fenced perimeters and armed coverage") housing, and camps. As of Fiscal Year 2006/2007, CCC had 1,184 staff and an annual budget of $139 million.
As of September 2007, it had a design capacity of 3,883 but a total institution population of 6,093, for an occupancy rate of 156.9 percent. Due to AB109, the inmate population was reduced to 2889 as of March 13, 2012.
History
The prison was built in 1963 as a minimum-security facility. It was expanded in 1987 to include facilities to accommodate medium-security inmates.
Among the vocational programs at CCC, the "certified 90-day horse gentling program" for wild horses, begun in 1987, has received much attention. The federal Bureau of Land Management supplies wild horses captured from the "high desert border country of northeastern California and western Nevada"; inmates "are not paid for their participation." After the program, the horses "become candidates for the periodic public horse adoptions held at the prison." The program is thought to benefit inmates; as one participant said, "it teaches you patience and teaches you that if you want something, you have to work at it."
In 2004, the anti-prison political action group Californians United for a Responsible Budget coalition (which advocates for "lowering the number of inmates and prisons") suggested that CCC and three other prisons be closed as a cost-cutting measure, but CCC continued to operate. Advocates wanting to improve prison conditions gained passage of legislation in 2012 requiring reduction in the severe overcrowding in state prisons.
In October 2007 Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger "directed inmate firefighters and staff from the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation," including those from CCC, to help fight the California wildfires.
On December 20, 2016, a riot erupted at the prison involving approximately 100 prisoners.
The prison is scheduled to close in June 2023.
Notable inmates
Brandon Mclnerney (born 1994), murderer of Larry F. King
Hugo Pinell (born 1945), member of the San Quentin Six; was sentenced for assault in 1970
In popular culture
The documentary film, Prison Town, USA, was shown as part of the P.O.V. series on PBS television in July 2007.
It explores the effects upon the residents of rural Susanville of living near the CCC, High Desert State Prison, and the nearby Federal Correctional Institution, Herlong, which was opening when the film was made. In "job-starved rural America, ... residents see them as the last and only chance for employment after work at the lumber mill or the dairy dries up."
Louis (Robert De Niro) in the 1997 Quentin Tarantino crime film Jackie Brown says that they were just released after serving almost four years at Susanville for bank robbery.
Mr. White (Harvey Keitel) in the 1992 Quentin Tarantino crime film Reservoir Dogs comments to Joe Cabbot (Lawrence Tierney) that their usual diamond fence, Marcellus Spivey is serving 20 years in Susanville, ostensibly for "bad luck."
See also
List of California state prisons
References
External links
California Correctional Center website
1963 establishments in California
Buildings and structures in Lassen County, California
Prisons in California
Nicola Hobbs (born 10 May 1987) is an English footballer who last signed as a goalkeeper for Sheffield United ahead of the 2018/2019 FA WSL 2 season. However, they left the club in October after finding it impossible to combine their work commitments and playing career. They had previously played for London Bees in the FA WSL 2, the Doncaster Rovers Belles, Lincoln Ladies, Everton, Blackburn Rovers, and Norwich City. They have represented England up to Under 23 level. Outside of football, they work full-time as a firefighter.
Honours
Everton
FA Women's Cup (1): 2009–10
References
External links
Living people
1987 births
Blackburn Rovers L.F.C. players
British firefighters
Doncaster Rovers Belles L.F.C. players
England women's under-23 international footballers
English women's footballers
Everton F.C. (women) players
FA Women's National League players
Women's Super League players
Notts County L.F.C. players
Footballers from Portsmouth
Women's association football goalkeepers
London Bees players
Sheffield United W.F.C. players
Rhytidophyllum auriculatum is a species of plant in the family Gesneriaceae, endemic to Hispaniola. According to Liogier it can be found in Haiti (Massif de la Hotte, Massif de la Selle). The flowers are pollinated by bats.
References
External links
auriculatum
Endemic flora of Haiti
Dagsavisen is a daily newspaper published in Oslo, Norway. The former party organ of the Norwegian Labour Party, the ties loosened over time from 1975 to 1999. It has borne several names, and was called Arbeiderbladet from 1923 to 1997. Eirik Hoff Lysholm is editor-in-chief. The newspaper depends on economic support from the Norwegian Government.
History
Dagsavisen was established by Christian Holtermann Knudsen in 1884 under the name Vort Arbeide ('Our Work' in archaic Riksmål), and was affiliated with the trade union center Fagforeningernes Centralkomité. Holtermann Knudsen also had to establish their own printing press since the existing printing presses did not want to be affiliated with a labourer's newspaper. The fledgling project was marred by economic problems, and the burden of writing, editing, and printing lay chiefly on Knudsen. In 1885 the newly founded association Socialdemokratisk Forening formally took over the newspaper. The name was changed from Vort Arbeide to Social-Demokraten ('The Social Democrat') in 1886. The next year, the Norwegian Labour Party was founded, and Social-Demokraten became its official party organ. Carl Jeppesen took over as editor-in-chief. In 1894 the newspaper was published on a daily basis, and in 1904 the financial balance was positive.
Around 1920 there were tensions in the Labour Party. The radical wing spearheaded by Martin Tranmæl and Kyrre Grepp had assumed control over the party at the 1918 national convention. The party aligned itself with the Comintern. As a result, a moderate wing broke out in 1921 to form the Social Democratic Labour Party. Nonetheless, Social-Demokraten remained affiliated with the Labour Party, as Martin Tranmæl assumed the editorship in 1921. In 1923, the same year as the Labour Party renounced the Comintern and the communist wing broke away, Social-Demokraten changed its name to Arbeiderbladet (lit. 'The Worker Paper') in 1923. The factionalism was contrary to the goal of Christian Holtermann Knudsen, who wanted to unite the fledgling labour movement.
In 1940, upon the German invasion and subsequent occupation of Norway, Arbeiderbladet was stopped by the Nazi authorities. The only legal party in Norway during the occupation, Nasjonal Samling, evicted Arbeiderbladet from its premises, using it as headquarters for its party organ Fritt Folk. Arbeiderbladet's printing press was also utilized by Fritt Folk. Only in 1945, upon the liberation of Norway, did Arbeiderbladet resume publication.
Olav Larssen, imprisoned during the occupation, was promoted from news editor as they succeeded Martin Tranmæl as editor-in-chief in 1949. At that time, the editor-in-chief was elected by the national convention of the Labour Party, and the editor-in-chief was also an ex officio member of the party's central committee. This practice continued with editors-in-chief Reidar Hirsti and Einar Olsen, until abolished in 1975. From this point, the board of directors appointed the editor-in-chief.
In 1974, Tor and Trygve Bratteli, aided by Jens Chr. Hauge, forced Hirsti out of their job.
Arbeiderbladet was formally owned by the Labour Party until 1991, when a separate, but affiliated, entity Norsk Arbeiderpresse took over. The labour-inspired name Arbeiderbladet was changed in 1997, to the neutral Dagsavisen ('The Daily Newspaper'). In 1999 a step towards independence was taken, as the newspaper was published by the public company Dagsavisen AS, which is in turn was owned 100% by the foundation Stiftelsen Dagsavisen. As of 2016, this foundation only owns 9% of the shares of Dagsavisen directly, with the remaining 91% of the paper owned by Mentor Medier AS. This company also owns the Christian daily Vårt Land, and is partly owned by Christian groups such as Normisjon, Blå Kors and the Norwegian Lutheran Mission. The largest owner is Mushom Invest (10%). Stiftelsen Dagsavisen controls 6% of the shares in Mentor Medier AS.
The newspaper depends on economic support from the Norwegian Government.
Publishing
The newspaper changed to tabloid format in 1990, having used the Berliner format since 1976. In 1997 it launched its Internet version, and also started publishing on Sundays. The Sunday edition was discontinued in 2007 due to economic problems. It is widely accepted that Dagsavisen would face drastic problems if the distinctively Norwegian press support were to cease.
Dagsavisen is published six days a week.
Dagsavisen had a circulation of 28,337 in 2009, making it the fifth largest Oslo-based newspaper, after Verdens Gang, Aftenposten, Aften, Dagbladet and Dagens Næringsliv. It is also smaller than the regional and local newspapers Bergens Tidende, Adresseavisen, Stavanger Aftenblad, Fædrelandsvennen, Drammens Tidende, Romerikes Blad, Sunnmørsposten and Haugesunds Avis.
Its slogan is "Nyheter med mening" ('Meaningful news').
Editors-in-chief
Editors-in-chief of the newspaper:
1884–1886: Christian Holtermann Knudsen
1887–1891: Carl Jeppesen
1892–1893: Christian Holtermann Knudsen
1894–1897: Oscar Nissen
1898–1900: Ludvig Meyer
1900–1903: Anders Buen
1903–1906: Olav Kringen
1906–1912: Carl Jeppesen
1912–1918: Jacob Vidnes
1918–1921: Olaf Scheflo
1921–1940: Martin Tranmæl
1940–1945: stopped
1945–1949: Martin Tranmæl
1949–1963: Olav Larssen
1963–1974: Reidar Hirsti
1974–1975: Einar Olsen
1975–1991: Per Brunvand
1991–1994: Arvid Jacobsen
1995–2000: Steinar Hansson
2001–2004: Hilde Haugsgjerd
2005–2009: Carsten Bleness
2009-2013: Arne Strand (At the time Strand left the position, the newspaper had two editors-in-chief)
2010-2014: Kaia Storvik (She held the position alone since 2013.)
2014- : Eirik Hoff Lysholm
Circulation
Source after 1950: The Norwegian Media Businesses' Association, Mediebedriftenes Landsforening.
1884: 300
1892: 1200
1894: 3000
1904: 6000
1912: 15000
1914: 23000
1918: 40000
1921: 85000
1923: 35000
1927: 27000
1930: 34000
1934: 48000
1937: 59359
1938: 58735
1939: 58681
---
1945: 80000
1947: 56877
1950: 62845
1951: 64228
1952: 65635
1953: 64524
1954: 65159
1955: 65201
1956: 70087
1957: 71299
1958: 68112
1959: 66271
1960: 67494
1961: 67684
1962: 67894
1963: 69182
1964: 67254
1965: 68278
1966: 67675
1967: 70714
1968: 71267
1969: 74091
1970: 73217
1971: 75372
1972: 69159
1973: 64155
1974: 61931
1975: 62211
1976: 60380
1977: 60152
1978: 60091
1979: 59211
1980: 55125
1981: 52596
1982: 52000
1983: 52500
1984: 56000
1985: 57000
1986: 58000
1987: 60737
1988: 57015
1989: 55707
1990: 51786
1991: 47016
1992: 44046
1993: 43528
1994: 42848
1995: 42870
1996: 42139
1997: 40771
1998: 43792
1999: 40349
2000: 38239
2001: 35413
2002: 33816
2003: 32706
2004: 32920
2005: 33830
2006: 32380
2007: 31403
2008: 29041
2009: 28337
2014: 21945
2015: 20497
See also
Moss Dagblad
References
External links
Official website
1884 establishments in Norway
Labour Party (Norway) newspapers
Newspapers published in Oslo
Norwegian-language newspapers
Newspapers established in 1884
Socialist newspapers
Daily newspapers published in Norway
Amsoldingen Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Amsoldingen in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The castle and associated former collegiate church of St. Mauritius are a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Amsoldingen Castle
Amsoldingen Castle and the neighboring was built in the 10th century. The castle was built as the residence of the wealthy provost of the collegiate church of Amsoldingen. However, the provost and church gradually became impoverished and in 1484 ownership of the castle was given to St. Vincent's cathedral in Bern. The college of canons in Bern sold the castle and surrounding lands in 1496 to the wealthy merchant Barthlome May. In 1536, Barthlome's grandson, Sulpitius May, sold the castle, after which it passed through a number of owners.
By the end of the 17th century it was owned by the engineer and surveyor Samuel Bodmer. Between 1711 and 1724, Bodmer lived in the castle as they designed the flood control system around Thun Lake and the Aare River to protect the villages and farm land from floods. During the 18th and early 19th century the castle was owned by the Luternau family who built the parks around the castle. It was sold in 1815 to Ludwig Zeerleder, who then sold it to Alfred de Rougemont von Bonstetten, who later sold it to Beat Ludwig Tscharner von Erlach. Under von Erlach the castle was rebuilt in a neo-Gothic style in 1846.
Former collegiate church of St. Mauritius
The first church on the site was built in the early Romanesque style in the 6th century. Like the castle, the former collegiate church of St. Mauritius was built in the 10th century. The Ottonian three-aisle church was built from stone scavenged from the ruins of Aventicum on the foundations of the earlier church. According to tradition, the stift or donation that supported the church was made in the 10th century by the King of Burgundy Rudolph II. It was one of the twelve churches that they founded around Lake Thun. Around 1210, the 10th century church was modified with the construction of the crypt and renovation of the south aisle. The church is first mentioned in a record in 1228. Around 1300, the interior of the church was covered with murals including the still visible painting of Saint Christopher on the north wall. The southern side apse was demolished and a Romanesque bell tower was added between 1345 and 1486.
Over the following centuries, the stift gradually became impoverished and in 1484 the Pope approved the dissolution of the Stift and its incorporation into the newly created stift of St. Vincent's cathedral in Bern. The church became the parish church of Amsoldingen. In 1528 the Protestant Reformation spread through the region and the church became a Protestant church. In 1576 a fire damaged the church, forcing a major renovation. A new roof was built and the main apse was raised in 1576. The following year a new pulpit was built. The oldest of the four bells was hung in the bell tower in 1579. The wooden ceiling was added in 1661 or 1666 and a mural of the Last Supper was painted in 1668.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Churches in the canton of Bern
Romanesque architecture in Switzerland
Harpellomyces is a genus of fungi in the Harpellaceae family. The widespread genus contains three species that grow in Diptera.
References
External links
Zygomycota genera
Saṛbanī () or Sarban Confedracy is a tribal group of Pashtuns. They are situated in Pakistan and Afghanistan. The Sarbani include many Pashtun tribes, including Sherani, Tareen, Durrani, Khalil, Kheshgi, Mohmand, Daudzai, Muhammadzai, Chamkani, Yousafzai, Shinwari, Tarkalani. According to the Pashtun legend of origins, the members of the Sarbani group all descend from Sarban, said to be the first son of the legendary founding father of the Pashtun people, Qais Abdur Rashid.
History
The origin of the Sarbani, might be connected with Hephthalites, who had a large nomadic confederation that included present-day Afghanistan and Pakistan in the 5th-6th centuries AD, as well as with Scythians, who are known to have settled where most Pashtuns live today.
The Durrani Empire that existed in the 18th-19th centuries and that was centered in the territory of present-day Afghanistan and Pakistan was founded by the Ahmad Shah Durrani, a Pashtun military commander under Nader Shah of Persia and chief of the Abdali Sarban tribe. Since that time, the Abdali tribe is known as Durrani.
Geographic distribution
Afghanistan
In Afghanistan, Sarbani mainly inhabit the provinces of Kandahar, Zabul, Uruzgan, Helmand, Nimroz, Farah, Herat, Badghis, Balkh, and Kunduz, as well as the provinces Nangarhar and Kunar in the eastern part of the country.
Pakistan
In Pakistan, Sarbani are living throughout the city of Peshawar, northern and eastern parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas regions. Additional large settlements are found in Multan, Quetta, KPK, Mansehra, Abbottabad, Haripur and in the northern parts of Balochistan.
Sarbani tribes
Abubakar Siddique writes that "Under the prevailing classifications, Pashtuns are divided into four main tribal groupings: the Sarbani, Bettani, Ghurghust and Karlani... The Sarbanis are divided into two branches: the Sharkbun and the Kharshbun. The most significant tribes of this branch today are the Yusufzai, Sherani, Tareen, Urmer, Durranis, Khalils, Mohmands, Daudzai, Chamkanis, Shinwari and Tarkalani."
See also
Pashtun tribes
Pashtunistan
References
External links
Map showing areas inhabited by Sarbani in Afghanistan and Pakistan
Pashtun tribes
Maartin Allcock (born Martin Allcock; 5 January 1957 – 16 September 2018) was an English multi-instrumentalist musician and record producer.
Biography
Born in Middleton, Lancashire (now Greater Manchester), England, Allcock studied music at Huddersfield and Leeds. They began playing professionally in January 1976, playing in dance bands and folk clubs. Their first tour was in 1977 with Mike Harding as one of the Brown Ale Cowboys. They went to Brittany in 1978, for a temporary stay, but ended up remaining longer than intended, and learned to cook while there. On returning to Manchester they studied and qualified to become a chef, working in the Shetland Islands in 1980.
In 1981 they joined the Bully Wee Band, a Celtic folk group, which led to an 11-year stint as lead guitarist with British folk rock band Fairport Convention from October 1985 to December 1996, and concurrently four years as keyboardist with rock band Jethro Tull from January 1988 to December 1991. In summer 1991 they also played keyboards for The Mission. From the early 2000s they began working freelance from their home on the west coast of Snowdonia as a session man and record producer with the Welsh language Sain record label.
In 2018, they announced on their web-site that they had been diagnosed with liver cancer and would make their final live performance at the year's Cropredy Festival before retirement. Fairport Convention played the festival on 11 August. Allcock died on 16 September 2018.
Session work and production
Allcock's session career included more than 200 albums, including Robert Plant, Beverley Craven, Judith Durham, Breton guitarist Dan Ar Braz (six albums), Ralph McTell, Dave Swarbrick, Cat Stevens, and Dafydd Iwan. They began producing Welsh music in 2005 and has produced ten albums for Sain Records in Caernarfon. They were UK bass guitarist and tour manager for Nashville songwriter Beth Nielsen Chapman.
Selected discography
Solo albums
MAART (1990)
OX15 (1999)
Serving Suggestion (2004)
Chilli Morning (2012)
With Fairport Convention
Here Live Tonight (Australia; 1986)
Expletive Delighted (1986)
More Live Tonight (Australia; 1986)
Cropredy Capers (Video; 1987)
Meet On The Ledge (1987)
The Other Boot (1987)
In Real Time (Live '87)
In Real Time (Video; 1987)
The Third Leg Woodworm (1988)
Red & Gold (1989)
The Five Seasons (1991)
Legends (Video; 1991)
25th Anniversary Live (2CDs; 1992)
Jewel In The Crown Woodworm (1995)
Old.New.Borrowed.Blue (1996)
Other collaborations
Ralph McTell, Bridge of Sighs (1987)
Simon Nicol, "Before Your Time" (1987)
Jethro Tull, "Rock Island" (1989)
Ralph McTell, "Love Songs"(1989)
Kieran Halpin, "Crystal Ball Gazing" (1989)
Beverley Craven, "Beverley Craven" (1990)
Steve Ashley, "Mysterious Ways" (1990)
Dan Ar Braz, "Songs" (1990)
Dan Ar Braz, "Frontieres de Sel" (1991)
Kieran Halpin, "Mission Street" (1991)
Jethro Tull, "In Concert" (1991, released 1995)
Ralph McTell, "Silver Celebration" (1992)
Ralph McTell, "The Boy With The Note" (1992)
Dan Ar Braz, "Les Îles de la Memoire" (1992)
Dan Ar Braz, "Rêve de Siam" (1992)
Dan Ar Braz, "Xavier Grall" (1992)
Simon Nicol, "Consonant Please Carol" (1992)
Robert Plant, "Fate Of Nations" (1993)
Ralph McTell, "Alphabet Zoo" (1993)
Beverley Craven, "Love Scenes" (1993)
Beth Nielsen Chapman, "Beth Nielsen Chapman" (2nd Album) (1993)
Les Barker, "Gnus and Roses" (1994)
Ralph McTell, "Slide Away The Screen" (1994)
Dan Ar Braz, "Theme For The Green Lands" (1994)
Ashley Hutchings, "Twangin' 'n' a-Traddin'" (1994)
Ashley Hutchings, "The Guv'nor's Big Birthday Bash" (1995)
Billy Connolly, "Musical Tour Of Scotland" (1995)
Judith Durham, "Mona Lisas" (1996)
Mandolin Allstars, "1st album" (1996)
Steve Tilston/Maggie Boyle, "All Under the Sun" (1996)
Chris Leslie, "The Flow" (1997)
The Simon Mayor Quintet, "Mandolinquents" (1997)
WAZ!, "WAZ!" (1998)
Dave Pegg And Friends, "Birthday Party" (1998)
Steve Gibbons, "The Dylan Project" (1998)
WAZ!, "Fully Chromatic" (1999)
David Hughes, "Recognised" (2000)
Ralph McTell, Red Sky (2000)
"Hope & Glory" (Soundtrack) (2000)
Sally Barker, "Another Train" (2000)
Emily Slade, "Shire Boy" (2001)
Kieran Halpin, "Back Smiling Again" (2002)
Alistair Russell, "A19" (2002)
John Wright, "Dangerous Times" (2002)
Swarb's Lazarus, “Live and Kicking” (2006)
Mike Billington, "Sol Invictus" (2013)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "Jump Ararnd" (2013)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "The Devil Went Darn To Barnsley" (2014)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "I'm Glad It's Not Black Friday Every Day" (2015)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "Merry Xmas Everybody" (2016)
Scott Doonican & Dave Burland, "Wake Up, Little Suzie" (2016)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "I Believe In Father Christmas" (2017)
Lisa Starnini, "Two Bays - Due Baie" (2019)
As a record producer:
Ralph McTell, Sand in Your Shoes (1995)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "The Devil Went Darn To Barnsley" (2014)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "I'm Glad It's Not Black Friday Every Day" (2015)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "Merry Xmas Everybody" (2016)
Scott Doonican & Dave Burland, "Wake Up, Little Suzie" (2016)
The Bar-Steward Sons of Val Doonican, "I Believe In Father Christmas" (2017)
References
External links
Maartin Allcock official website. (N.B. new URL as of August 2019)
1991 Innerviews interview
(as Maartin)
(as Martin)
People from Middleton, Greater Manchester
English rock bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
Jethro Tull (band) members
Fairport Convention members
1957 births
2018 deaths
British folk rock musicians
Deaths from liver cancer
Swarb's Lazarus members
Protialmenus is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Lycaenidae
Lycaenidae genera
The Golden Ibis Award is an accolade presented annually to recognize excellence of professionals in the film industry, including directors, actors, writers and composers. The award was established by Christophe Barratier and Sam Bambino in 2014. Historically given during the last quarter of the year at the La Baule Film Festival, the awards honor achievements for cinematic accomplishments for the preceding year.
The various category winners are awarded a copy of a statuette, which was created by artist Joëlle Bellet.
Categories
The Golden Ibis Award consists of seven merit awards for films from the previous year, as well as honorary awards for lifetime achievement.
Merit awards
Best Film
Best Screenplay
Best Actor
Best Actress
Best Original Score
Best Short Film
Breakthrough Performance
Special awards
Honorary Award
Tribute Award
Talent Award
Audience Award
References
External links
French film awards
Awards established in 2014
2014 establishments in France
The Bach Aria Group is an ensemble of vocal and instrumental musicians that was created in 1946 by William H. Scheide in New York City to perform the works of J. S. Bach.
Founding period, 1946-1980
The American Bach scholar William H. Scheide brought together a group of New York musicians in 1946 to perform arias from Bach's cantatas and other works. Besides setting the artistic goals and policies, Scheide also helped fund the group, making up for any financial deficits from their own resources.
The five original singers were sopranos Ellen Osborn and Jean Carlton, alto Margaret Tobias, tenor Robert Harmon, and bass-baritone Norman Farrow. The five instrumentalists who accompanied them were violinist Maurice Welk, oboist Robert Bloom, flutist Julius Baker, 'cellist David Soyer, and keyboard player Sergius Kagen.
Over the years there were changes in personnel: cellist Bernard Greenhouse replaced David Soyer, and keyboard players Erich Itor Kahn and Paul Ulanowsky came after Sergius Kagen. Several important singers were later guests or regular members, including Jennie Tourel, Lois Marshall, Richard Lewis, Mack Harrell, Jan Peerce, Eileen Farrell, and Maureen Forrester.
The ensemble made its Carnegie Hall debut in 1948, and made regular concert tours beginning in the 1950s. They also performed with many important orchestras as a solo group in the larger works of Bach, especially their Passions. They also made many recordings at that time.
Recent period, 1980-present
After more than 30 years of leadership, Scheide announced that they would disband the ensemble in 1980, proclaiming that "his aim had been accomplished". However, by that time its performance style had grown out of fashion, not in line with the growing "authentic performance" movement.
But instead of disbanding, flutist Samuel Baron (who joined the ensemble in 1965) asked to take over the leadership of the group, and Mr. Scheide happily agreed.
After a year of rebuilding in 1981, they resumed their performance and touring schedule, and they developed a highly successful workshop for performers, the Bach Aria Festival and Institute, as a summer program at Stony Brook University on Long Island. The Institute and Festival continued its operations until the summer of 1997, training an entire generation of American performers of Bach's music.
The membership continued to change through the years. In the 1980s and 1990s the instrumentalists in the group included Samuel Baron, oboist Ronald Roseman, violinist Daniel Phillips, 'cellist Timothy Eddy, and keyboard player Yehudi Wyner. They continued to perform on modern instruments and at modern pitch (A=440 Hz), even after other groups changed to reproductions of Baroque instruments at a lower "Baroque pitch" (A=415 Hz).
The singers changed more frequently, but in the 1980s they included soprano Susan Davenny Wyner, alto Janice Taylor, tenor Seth McCoy, and bass Thomas Paul. Later singers included soprano Carol Webber, altos Jan DeGaetani, D'Anna Fortunato and Mary Westbrook-Geha, tenor David Britton, and baritone William Sharp. In 2001 the membership included flutist Tara Helen O'Connor, Daniel Phillips, Timothy Eddy, Yehudi Wyner, with soprano Beverly Hoch and bass John Stephens. A concert announcement for 2012 indicates that the membership has not changed recently.
Its papers, music collection, and other historical documents are now held in the Music Division of the Library of Congress
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KMWuGHufBk Eileen Farrell performs with the Bach Aria Group
The Bach Aria Group Collection, 1981-1997 at the Library of Congress
Chamber music groups
Musical groups established in 1946
American classical music groups
Musical groups from New York (state)
Contemporary classical music ensembles
Bach music ensembles
1946 establishments in New York City
Jayanthi Kyle is an American gospel and soul singer/songwriter based in Minneapolis, Minnesota who uses music, song, and storytelling to empower both youth and adults alike. Kyle has been active in more than 11 bands in their career, including Black Audience, Jayanthi Kyle and the Crybabies, Romantica, Gospel Machine, Davis Bain Band, Passed Presents, Give Get Sistet, Miss Pennie's Microphone, and The Blacker The Berry Arts Collective.
Early life
Kyle was born 1979 to an Indian father and a Native American and black mother. Them family moved from Ford Heights, Illinois to Maple Grove, Minnesota. They grew up in Maple Grove and Chicago's South Side. Kyle discovered their love of singing at an early age through their mother, as well as through singing in Baptist, Pentecostal, and Evangelical congregations with their sister, which they became active because both their parents were preachers.
Career
Kyle formed the band Black Audience to open for Jim Ruiz at PalmFest. The band initially included Kyle's husband Robin Kyle, their brother Luke, Mike Gunther, and Doug Anderson. Gunther left the group, which was joined by bassist Jon Davis and harmonium player Matt Hardy. The group plays old gospel, country, blues, traditional Irish reels, and covers of songs by Bob Dylan and Harry Belafonte.
Kyle also sings for Jayanthi and the Crybabies and the indie R&B group Gospel Machine. Kyle and Gospel Machine guitarist Wes Burdine wrote the song "Hand in Hand" in for the Million Artist Movement. The song, inspired by the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown, was first performed at the Million March MN rally on December 13, 2014. "Hand in Hand" addresses both the police and elected officials; Kyle also performed the song at In the Heart of the Beast Puppet and Mask Theatre's May Day Parade in 2015 and at Black Lives Matter events. The song has become an unofficial anthem for the Minneapolis Black Lives Matter movement. Kyle was also active in protests following the death of Philando Castille, where they used their singing to process grief and deliver hope.
Kyle led the choir that sang during the first same-sex marriages in Minnesota at Minneapolis City Hall in July 2013. They also sing at funerals; Kyle cites the experiences of their youth, where they had many friends and family members pass away, as why they use music to heal in these situations. "At a wedding, you can never sing a song beautiful enough.The singer is just part of the show and everyone is just focused on the dress or something else. At a funeral, everyone is, like, please, we need this."
Personal life
Kyle is married to Robin Kyle and has three children.
References
External links
Jayanthi Kyle on Bandcamp
1970s births
Living people
21st-century American singers
20th-century African-American women singers
American gospel singers
American musicians of Indian descent
American women musicians of Indian descent
American soul singers
Native American singers
People from Cook County, Illinois
People from Maple Grove, Minnesota
21st-century American women singers
Artists from Minnesota
21st-century African-American women singers
The epic laws of folk narrative were a series of principles identified by Axel Olrik for understanding the structure and form of folktales, and have a foundational significance in European folklore studies.
Olrik's formulation of their 'epic laws' was inspired by an idea of Moltke Moe, but whereas Moe sought to derive rules for the historical development of narratives, Olrik's approach focuses on the structure of oral narrative. The principles were articulated in various publications, the first prominent one appearing in Danish in 1908. In the same year, Olrik presented the principles in German at an interdisciplinary congress in Berlin.
Olrik's thought on 'epic laws' was part of a wider project, developed with Kristian Erslev, for understanding oral narrative (which Olrik called sagn in Danish), also including principles for the study of sources and a theory of transmission. Although Olrik drew on non-European material, their focus was explicitly on European folk narrative.
Summary of the laws
This summary is based on the numbering of the 1908 Danish article, and the English terminology is as far as possible from the 1965 English translation of the 1909 German article.
Key publications
'Episke love i folkedigtningen', Danske Studier, 5 (1908): 69–89.
‘Epische Gesetze der Volksdichtung', Zeitschrift für deutsches Altertum und Deutsche Literatur, 51 (1909), 1–12, translated into English by Jeanne P. Steager as ‘Epic Laws of Folk Narrative', in The Study of Folklore, ed. by Alan Dundes (Englewood Cliffs, N.J.: Prentice-Hall, 1965), pp. 129–41, .
Nogle grundsætninger for sagnforskning. Efter forfatterens død udgivet af Dansk folkemindesamling, ed. by Hans Ellekilde (Copenhagen: Det Schønbergske forlag, 1921), translated into English as Principles for Oral Narrative Research, trans. by Kirsten Wolf and Jody Jensen (Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 1992), .
References
1908 introductions
Folklore
Folklore studies
Narrative techniques
Traditional stories
The Anti-Administration Party was an informal political faction in the United States led by James Madison and Thomas Jefferson that opposed policies of then Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton in the first term of US President George Washington. It was not an organized political party but an unorganized faction. Most members had been Anti-Federalists in 1788, who had opposed ratification of the US Constitution. However, the situation was fluid, with members joining and leaving.
Although contemporaries often referred to Hamilton's opponents as "Anti-Federalists", that term is now seen as imprecise since several Anti-Administration leaders supported ratification, including Virginia Representative James Madison. They joined former Anti-Federalists to oppose Hamilton's financial plans in 1790. William Maclay, a leader of the faction in the Senate, used in their Congressional diary the term "Republican".
After Jefferson took leadership of the opposition to Hamilton in 1792, the faction became a formal party, Jefferson's Republican Party, which is often called the Democratic-Republican Party by historians and political scientists.
History
At the Constitutional Convention in 1787 and during the ratifying process in 1788, Madison was one of the most prominent advocates of a smaller national government. They wrote The Federalist Papers, together with Hamilton and John Jay. In 1789 and 1790, Madison was a leader in support of a new federal government with limited powers.
At the time, the concept of a loyal opposition party was novel. However, Madison joined with Henry Tazewell and others to oppose Hamilton's First Report on the Public Credit in January 1790. The creation of the coalition marked the emergence of the Anti-Administration party, which was then based almost exclusively Southern. Madison argued that repaying the debt rewarded speculators, and their proposal to repay only the original bondholders was defeated by a vote of 36 to 13. Hamilton's report also provided for the assumption of state debt by the federal government. Since Massachusetts, Connecticut and South Carolina owed nearly half of this debt, other states resented assumption. The House of Representatives passed the bill without assumption, but the Senate included that provision. The deadlock was broken by the Compromise of 1790, a deal between Madison and Secretary of State Jefferson on one hand and Hamilton on the other, which included both assumption and the location of the national capital in the South, which later became the District of Columbia.
In the summer of 1791, Jefferson and Madison brought the journalist Philip Freneau, a fiery editor of a New York City Anti-Federalist paper, to Philadelphia to start an Anti-Administration newspaper, the National Gazette. Jefferson gave the only State Department patronage position that they had to Freneau.
During the Second Congress, the Anti-Administration elements were more numerous and included about 32 House members out of 72. In 1791, Madison and Hamilton again clashed after the latter proposed the creation of a national bank. Southern planters opposed but urban merchants supported the idea. Madison called the Bank unconstitutional, but Hamilton successfully argued that the Necessary and Proper Clause of the Constitution allowed the bank.
The French Revolutionary Wars, which began in April 1792, hardened the differences between the factions. The Pro-Administration party generally supported the British or wished to remain neutral, but the Anti-Administration party supported the French. Jefferson joined the latter party in 1792, and it contested the election that year and was called the Republican Party. Politics now became more stable, with well-defined parties (Hamilton's Federalist Party and Jefferson's Republican Party). That created the First Party System, which lasted for two decades.
References
Further reading
Banning, Lance. The Jeffersonian Persuasion: Evolution of a Party Ideology (1978).
Bordewich, Fergus M. The First Congress: How James Madison, George Washington, and a Group of Extraordinary Men Invented the Government (2016).
Bowling, Kenneth R. and Donald R. Kennon, eds. Perspectives on the History of Congress, 1789–1801 (2000).
Charles, Joseph. The Origins of the American Party System (1956); reprints articles in William and Mary Quarterly.
Cunningham, Noble E., Jr. Jeffersonian Republicans: The Formation of Party Organization: 1789–1801 (1957); highly detailed party history.
Elkins, Stanley and Eric McKitrick. The Age of Federalism; (1995) online version, the standard highly detailed political history of 1790s.
Hoadley, John F. "The Emergence of Political Parties in Congress, 1789–1803". American Political Science Review (1980). 74(3): 757–779. in JSTOR. Looks at the agreement among members of Congress in their roll-call voting records. Multidimensional scaling shows the increased clustering of members of congress into two party blocs from 1789 to 1803, especially after the Jay Treaty debate; shows politics was moving away from sectionalism to organized parties.
Libby, O. G. "Political Factions in Washington's Administration". NDQ: North Dakota Quarterly (1913). vol. 3#3 pp. 293–318; full text online, looks at votes of each Congressman.
External links
Anti-Administration Party ideology over time
1789 establishments in the United States
1792 disestablishments in the United States
Defunct political parties in the United States
Thomas Jefferson
James Madison
Political history of the United States
Political parties disestablished in 1792
Political parties established in 1789
The Kesselkogel (Italian: Catinaccio d'Antermoia) is the highest mountain of the Rosengarten group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.
Climbing routes
The peak falls on all four sides with near vertical walls, although the ledges between the rocks allow it to be climbed. It is a popular peak to climb during the summer thanks to its summit view, which on a clear day takes in all of the famous Dolomitic peaks to the east, and the Brenta Group and Ortler Alps can be seen in the northeast.
There are two vie ferrates on the east and west faces that allow less experienced mountaineers to reach the summit. Even though this climb is graded easy to medium difficulty (A/B), it requires proper gear and a helmet for safety. The summit ridge includes some exposed and unprotected sections.
Climbing history
It was first climbed in 1873.
References
External links
Alpenverein South Tyrol
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of South Tyrol
Alpine three-thousanders
Dolomites
Chandan Singh is an Indian politician. They were elected to the Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India from Nawada Parliamentary constituency in the 2019 Indian general election. They contested as a member of the Lok Janshakti Party.  They are member of Standing Committee on Industry and Consultative Committee, Ministry of Road Transport and Highways in Indian Parliament.
They were one of the 5 MP of LJP who replaced Chirag Paswan with Pashupati Nath Paras as LJP party president.
References
External links
Chandan Singh on Twitter
Chandan Singh on Telegram
1985 births
Living people
India MPs 2019–present
Lok Sabha members from Bihar
People from Patna district
Lok Janshakti Party politicians
Berlusconi may refer to:
People
Barbara Berlusconi (born 1984), business person
Marina Berlusconi (born 1966), Italian business person
Paolo Berlusconi (born 1949), Italian newspaper editor
Pier Silvio Berlusconi (born 1969), Italian entrepreneur
Silvio Berlusconi (born 1936), Italian politician and business person
Other uses
Trofeo Luigi Berlusconi, an annual friendly football match
No Berlusconi day, spontaneous mass political event
Pizza Berlusconi, a reindeer pizza sold by Finnish chain Kotipizza
Italian-language surnames
Cordes-Vindrac is a railway station in Vindrac-Alayrac, Occitanie, France. The station is on the Brive-Toulouse (via Capdenac) railway line. The station is served by TER (local) services operated by SNCF.
Train services
The following services call at Cordes-Vindrac:
Local service (TER Occitanie) Toulouse–Figeac–Aurillac
References
Railway stations in Tarn (department)
Daphné Dumery (born 4 January 1974 in Blankenberge) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
1974 births
Living people
People from Blankenberge
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Jörg Echternkamp (born 1963) is a German military historian, who specialises in the history of Nazi Germany and World War II.  They are a lecturer in modern history at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg and a research director at the Center for Military History and Social Sciences of the German Army (formerly the Military History Research Office (MGFA). Theirs is a contributor and editor of the seminal series Germany and the Second World War from the MGFA.
Historian of Nazi Germany
Echternkamp is contributor to two volumes of the Germany and the Second World War series. They served as the editor of volume IX/II: German Wartime Society 1939–1945: Exploitation, Interpretations, Exclusion. Reviewing the volume in the journal German History, historian Jeff Rutherford notes that it "maintains the extremely high standards set by previous volumes in the series. Each essay provides both an excellent summing up of the literature (at least until 2005) and some fresh insights based on archival research". In the final volume of the series, Echternkamp deals with the aftermath of World War II, "showing how Hitler's war shaped the lives of tens of millions of people beyond the capitulation of the Wehrmacht".
Echternkamp is the co-editor and the contributor to the 2007 volume of essays Die Politik der Nation: Deutscher Nationalismus in Krieg und Krisen 1760–1960 [The Politics of the Nation: German Nationalism in War and Crises 1760–196] where they explore the topic of German nationalism in the post-World War II period in both East Germany and West Germany. A review in H-Net finds this topic to be "the almost uncharted territory" and that Echternkamp finds that "the main proponents of a new national discourse were often conservative historians who had already been professionally active prior to the Nazi regime". Overall, the goal of editors was to investigate how the abstract notion of a "nation" was evidenced in real-world political aims and programs over the two centuries of German history.
Works
In English
Experience and memory: the Second World War in Europe, New York, Berghahn Books, 2010. With .
Germany and the Second World War
Vol. IX: Wartime Society 1939–1945 with , , Karola Fings, Jürgen Förster, , , , Christoph Rass
Vol. X: Collapse 1945, with Werner Rahn, , Richard Lakowski, , Horst Boog, Andreas Horst Boog, Rolf-Dieter Müller, Wilfried Loth, Michael Schwartz, Rüdiger Overmans
In German
Der Aufstieg des deutschen Nationalismus 1770–1840. Campus Verlag, Frankfurt a.M. 1998, .
Kriegsschauplatz Deutschland 1945. Leben in Angst. Hoffnung auf Frieden. Verlag Ferdinand Schöningh, Paderborn 2006, .
Die 101 wichtigsten Fragen: Der Zweite Weltkrieg. C.H. Beck, München 2010, (chin. Taiwan 2012)
Die Bundesrepublik Deutschland 1945/49-1969. (= Seminarbuch Geschichte). Ferdinand Schöningh Verlag / UTB, Paderborn 2013, .
Soldaten im Nachkrieg. Historische Deutungskonflikte und westdeutsche Demokratisierung 1945-1955, De Gruyter Oldenbourg Verlag, München 2014, .
References
External links
German military historians
1963 births
Historians of World War II
German male non-fiction writers
Military History Research Office (Germany) personnel
20th-century German historians
Living people
Cussons is an English surname which may refer to:
People
Alexander Stockton Cussons (1914–1986), British soap manufacturer
Alexander Tom Cussons (1875–1951), British soap manufacturer
Leslie Cussons (1907–1963), British soap manufacturer
Sheila Cussons (1922–2004), South African poet
Thomas Tomlinson Cussons (1838–1927), British chemist
Other uses
PZ Cussons, a British-based soap manufacturing company
PZ Cussons Ghana
PZ Cussons Nigeria Plc
See also
Cusson (disambiguation)
Rugby sevens
International competitions
January 5 – 13: 2019 Sudamérica Rugby Sevens in Punta Del Este & Viña del Mar
Punta Del Este Sevens: defeated , 7−5.
Viña del Mar Sevens: defeated , 31–7.
2018–19 World Rugby Sevens Series
November 30 & December 1, 2018: WRSS #1 in Dubai
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
December 8 & 9, 2018: WRSS #2 in Cape Town
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
January 26 & 27: WRSS #3 in Hamilton
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
February 2 & 3: WRSS #4 in Sydney
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
March 1 – 3: WRSS #5 in Las Vegas
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
March 9 & 10: WRSS #6 in Vancouver
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
April 5 – 7: WRSS #7 in Hong Kong
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
April 13 & 14: WRSS #8 in Singapore
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
May 25 & 26: WRSS #9 in London
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
June 1 & 2: WRSS #10 (final) in Paris
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl: ; Shield:
2018–19 World Rugby Women's Sevens Series
October 20 & 21, 2018: WRWSS #1 in Glendale
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
November 29 & 30, 2018: WRWSS #2 in Dubai
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
February 1 – 3: WRWSS #3 in Sydney
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
April 20 & 21: WRWSS #4 in Kitakyushu
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
May 11 & 12: WRWSS #5 in Langford
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
June 15 & 16: WRWSS #6 (final) in Biarritz
Cup: ; Plate: ; Bowl:
Rugby union
National teams
September 28, 2018 – June 15, 2019: ///// 2018–19 Rugby Europe Trophy
Final Ranking: 1. , 2. , 3. , 4. , 5. , 6.
October 13, 2018 – June 1, 2019: 2018–19 Rugby Europe Conference
Conference 1 North Final Ranking: 1. , 2. , 3. , 4. , 5.
Conference 1 South Final Ranking: 1. , 2. , 3. , 4. , 5.
Conference 2 North Final Ranking: 1. , 2. , 3. , 4. , 5.
Conference 2 South Final Ranking: 1. , 2. , 3. , 4. , 5.
February 1 – March 15: ///// 2019 Six Nations Under 20s Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth: ; Fifth: ; Sixth:
February 1 – March 16: ///// 2019 Six Nations Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth: ; Fifth: ; Sixth:
February 1 – March 17: ///// 2019 Women's Six Nations Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth: ; Fifth: ; Sixth:
February 2 – March 9: ///// 2019 Americas Rugby Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth: ; Fifth: ; Sixth:
February 9 – March 17: ///// 2019 Rugby Europe Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth: ; Fifth: ; Sixth:
May 18 – June 29: // 2019 Asia Rugby Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third:
June 4 – 22: 2019 World Rugby Under 20 Championship
defeated , 24–23, to win their second consecutive World Rugby Under 20 Championship title.
took third place.
June 29 – September 21: /// 2019 Victoria Cup
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth:
July 20 – August 10: /// 2019 Rugby Championship
Champions: ; Second: ; Third: ; Fourth:
July 28 – August 3: // 2019 West African Series
Champions: ; Second: ; Third:
September 20 – November 2: 2019 Rugby World Cup in
defeated , 32–12, to win their third Rugby World Cup title.
took third place.
Club teams
August 31, 2018 – May 25, 2019: //// 2018–19 Pro14
Leinster defeated Glasgow Warriors, 18–15, to win their second consecutive and sixth overall Pro14 title.
August 31, 2018 – June 1, 2019: 2018–19 Gallagher Premiership
Saracens F.C. defeated fellow English team, Exeter Chiefs, 37–34, to win their second consecutive and fifth overall Premiership Rugby title.
October 12, 2018 – May 10, 2019: 2018–19 European Rugby Challenge Cup (final in Newcastle)
Clermont defeated fellow French team, La Rochelle, 36–16, to win their third European Rugby Challenge Cup title.
October 12, 2018 – May 11, 2019: 2018–19 European Rugby Champions Cup (final in Newcastle)
Saracens F.C. defeated Leinster, 20–10, to win their third European Rugby Champions Cup title.
October 13, 2018 – May 10, 2019: 2018–19 European Rugby Continental Shield
Both Enisey-STM and Calvisano have qualified to compete at the 2019–20 European Rugby Challenge Cup.
November 9, 2018 – May 4, 2019: 2018–19 RFU Championship Cup in and Jersey (debut event)
The Ealing Trailfinders defeated the London Irish, 23–17, to win the inaugural RFU Championship Cup title.
January 26 – June 16: / 2019 Major League Rugby season
The Seattle Seawolves defeated a fellow American team, the San Diego Legion, 26–23, to win their second consecutive Major League Rugby title.
February 14 – July 5: //// 2019 Super Rugby season
The Crusaders defeated the Jaguares, 19–3, to win their third consecutive and tenth overall Super Rugby championship title.
August 31 – October 26: / 2019 National Rugby Championship
The Western Force defeated the Canberra Vikings, 41–3, to win their first National Rugby Championship title.
See also
2019 in sports
References
External links
World Rugby Official Site
Years of the 21st century in rugby union
2019 sport-related lists
Chancellor House is a building situated at 25 Fox Street, Ferreirasdorp, Johannesburg, that once housed the law firm of Nelson Mandela and Oliver Tambo. It is a national heritage site.
The building was due to be bought by the Johannesburg Heritage Trust in 2004
and developed into a tourist destination, with R300 000 earmarked for the construction of a visitor center.
As of 2008, however, no purchase had been consummated and the building reportedly continued to fall into ruin.
Full restoration of the building was completed in May, 2011.
References
Monuments and memorials in South Africa
Nelson Mandela
Buildings and structures in Johannesburg
Jorge Luis Félix "Campolo" Alcalde Millos (5 December 1916 – 25 June 1990) was a Peruvian professional footballer. They played as a striker, and was especially noted for their time spent with the Peru national football team. They were part of Peru's squad at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
Biography
Alcalde was included in the Peru national football team for the Copa America 1939 that won. They were the second highest goal scorer with 5 goals. They made 15 appearances and scored 13 goals for the Peru national team. The Peruvian newspaper El Comercio and El Callao considered them the best soccer player of the Copa America 1939.
Honors
Team
Individual awards
Peruvian League: Top Scorer 1935, 1938
Bolivarian Games Top Scorer: 1938
References
1916 births
1990 deaths
Sportspeople from Callao
Peruvian footballers
Peru international footballers
Footballers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Peru
Sport Boys footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Talleres de Remedios de Escalada footballers
Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo) players
Deportivo Municipal footballers
Club Universitario de Deportes footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Peruvian Primera División players
Peruvian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Uruguay
Association football forwards
Copa América-winning players
Ante Vulić (; 16 August 1928 – 7 August 1993) was a Croatian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
They spent the entirety of their 11-year career with Hajduk Split, winning two Yugoslav league titles in 1952 and 1955. Although a talented goalkeeper, for a great part of their career they had to be a substitute to Vladimir Beara, who was named by legendary Soviet goalkeeper Lev Yashin as the greatest keeper of all time. However, they have never complained about that misfortune and according to Beara himself, Vulić was their best and most loyal friend, who even twice picked a fight to protect him. They still managed to become the second-most-capped Hajduk Split goalkeeper ever, with 339 games (116 in the league, 17 in the domestic cup, 4 international games and 202 friendlies, scoring 29 goals in total), after Radomir Vukčević (402). Despite being a long-time substitute to Beara, they were also known as an excellent penalty taker. Beara (who was the first goalkeeper ever to save a penalty to Ferenc Puskás in the 1952 Olympic finals, and who has also saved penalties from many other prominent strikers, having saved four penalties during a single game in a derby against Dinamo Zagreb) claimed that they have never seen a better penalty taker than Ante Vulić.
International career
Vulić was capped in the only international game the Croatian national team played while Croatia was part of Yugoslavia, a 5–2 win against Indonesia in Zagreb, on 12 September 1956.
Personal facts
Vulić's son, Zoran, also became a long-time player for Hajduk Split, the team's captain and later football manager, coaching Hajduk several times. Zoran also played internationally for Yugoslavia and Croatia.
References
1928 births
1993 deaths
Croatian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Association football goalkeepers
HNK Hajduk Split players
Yugoslav First League players
Croatia international footballers
Burials at Lovrinac Cemetery
Bjørn Fongaard (2 March 1919 in Oslo – 26 October 1980 in Oslo) was a Norwegian composer, guitarist, and teacher. In addition to being concerned with microtonal and electronic music, they were perhaps the first to use the prepared guitar. "Fongaard's output is considerable...Due to the partly experimental notation, these works have not become widely known."
Life
Fongaard grew up in the Oslo borough of Nordstrand. They studied at the Oslo Conservatory of Music with teachers including Per Steenberg, Sigurd Islandsmoen, Bjarne Brustad, and Karl Andersen. They started off by constructing a quarter tone guitar with adaption of the fretboard, but very early left this in favor of a diverse set of prepared guitar techniques. Their first pieces in this genre came in the mid 60's. A sampler CD of their own recordings entitled Elektrofoni: Works For Micro Intervallic Guitar 1965-1978 was released in 2011. In 2015, a double disc of new recordings by Norwegian guitarist Anders Førisdal was released on Aurora Records.
List of works
Galaxy op. 46
Homo Sapiens op. 80
Genesis
Sinfonia Microtonalis op. 79
Orchestra Antiphonalis
Symphony of Space
Universum
Mare Tranquilitatis
23 Concertos for Piano and Orchestra 0p. 118
12 Concertos for Solo Instrument and Orchestra op. 120
21 String Quartets op. 123
57 Sonatas for One Instrument op. 125
41 Concertos for Solo Instrument and Tape op. 131
References
External links
"Bjørn Fongaard: Elektrofoni 3CD/1DVD Box-Set", PrismaRecords.BlogSpot.com.
"Bjørn Fongaard, "Elektrofoni: Works for Micro Intervallic Guitar 1965-1978"", BrainWashed.com.
1919 births
1980 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Norwegian classical composers
Norwegian guitarists
Norwegian male guitarists
Norwegian male classical composers
Oslo Conservatory of Music alumni
20th-century guitarists
20th-century Norwegian male musicians
Rimma Ivanovna Bilunova (; née Kazmina; August 21, 1940 – December 21, 2015) was a Russian chess player who was awarded the FIDE title of Woman International Master (WIM) in 1968, head coach of USSR's women's national team (1983-1988) and Honored coach of the RSFSR. They were twice women's champion of the RSFSR (1966 and 1968) and of the Armed Forces of the USSR (1966 and 1968).
Family
Father – Ivan Kazmin, they worked in the Ministry of Agriculture of the USSR
Husband – Boris Bilunov, historian and chess player
Son – Denis
References
External links
Rimma I Bilunova chess games at 365chess.com
ChessPro Interview with Rimma Bilunova. ChessPro.
1940 births
2015 deaths
Chess Woman International Masters
South Ural State University alumni
Soviet female chess players
Russian female chess players
Sportspeople from Kurgan Oblast
The Russell Gilbert Show is a short-lived Australian comedy show hosted by Russell Gilbert in 1998. It was partially a spin-off from Hey Hey It's Saturday, where Gilbert had risen to prominence. The show's writers included Kevin Blond, Paul Calleja and Andrew Maj. Seven episodes were filmed and aired. Gilbert's former castmate from The Comedy Company, Glenn Robbins also starred in the show. The show was successful and beat Ally McBeal (Channel 7) in the ratings.
In 2000, a similar concept was attempted: Russell Gilbert Live, which was followed in 2001 by Russell Gilbert Was Here!. Both new shows were relatively short-lived.
See also
GTV
References
Sources
Nine Network original programming
Australian comedy television series
1998 Australian television series debuts
1998 Australian television series endings
Lede may refer to:
Lead paragraph (US English), the first paragraph of a composition
Places
Lede, Belgium, a municipality in Flanders
Lède, a river in France
Lede Formation, a geologic formation in Belgium
People
Marquess of Lede of Flanders
Kiana Ledé (born 1997) US musician and actor
Other uses
LEDE, a Linux distribution of embedded Linux
See also
Lead (disambiguation)
Herman Alex Veenstra (October 11, 1911 in Poerworedjo, Dutch East Indies – April 23, 2004 in Diemen) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were part of the Dutch team which finished fifth in the 1936 tournament. They played five matches as goalkeeper.
See also
Netherlands men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1911 births
2004 deaths
Dutch male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic water polo players of the Netherlands
People from Purworejo Regency
Thomas Schäfer (born December 1, 1952 in Oldenburg) is a retired German diplomat. They were a German ambassador to North Korea from 2007 to 2010 and from 2013 to 2018. They voluntarily served the second term, as they are personally fascinated by the country. They were described as one of the most experienced Western diplomats in Pyongyang by Handelsblatt. Schäfer is the author of From Kim Jong Il to Kim Jong-un: How the Hardliners Prevailed: On the Political History of North Korea (2007 - 2020). They received their PhD in German History from the University of Kiel in 1985. Their first posting after studying history took them to Beijing in the 1980s. The fact that they gained an insight into the Chinese bureaucracy there helped them to understand North Korea. Since then, they have commuted between Latin America and Asia, holding posts in El Salvador, Hong Kong and Venezuela. Before heading back to North Korea, Schäfer became German ambassador to Guatemala, their wife's home country, in 2010.
References
External links
Articles of Thomas Schäfer at NK News
How the Hardliners Prevailed in North Korea: A Book Talk with Amb. Thomas Schäfer
Ambassadors of Germany to North Korea
German writers
University of Kiel alumni
Living people
1952 births
Charles W. Morse (born October 11, 1960) is an American politician who serves as president of the New Hampshire Senate and formerly served as acting governor of New Hampshire. Morse has represented New Hampshire's 22nd State Senate district since 2010, having previously held the same office from 2002-2006.
In 2022, Morse was a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in New Hampshire, placing second in the primary behind Donald Bolduc.
Biography
Morse lives with their wife, Susan, and their daughter in Salem, New Hampshire. Morse received their bachelor's degree in business from Plymouth State University.  They are the owner of Freshwater Farms, a landscaping business and garden center in southern New Hampshire.
Political career
State legislature
Morse served in the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1998 through 2002. They served in the New Hampshire Senate from 2002 through 2006 and led the Senate Finance Committee. They ran for the Executive Council of New Hampshire in 2006, but lost the election to state Senator Beverly Hollingworth. They returned to the New Hampshire Senate in 2010 by being elected in the 22nd district that fall. They were chosen as the president of the Senate, succeeding Peter Bragdon, in 2013. Morse served on the Finance Committee and was responsible for crafting the state budget.
Morse was re-elected to their Senate seat in 2018, but the Republicans were in the minority by a margin of 14–10 in 2019–2020. The ten newly elected Republican members of the state senate chose Morse as their caucus leader shortly after the election. Their successor as president was Democratic state senator Donna Soucy.
Morse was re-elected to their Senate seat in 2020 and the Republicans regained the majority by a margin of 14-10. The 14 newly elected Republican members of the state senate chose Morse as their candidate for senate president shortly after the election.
Governor of New Hampshire
In 2017, Morse served as acting governor of New Hampshire for two days, from when Maggie Hassan resigned as governor in order to join the United States Senate on January 3, 2017, until Chris Sununu's inauguration on January 5, 2017.
Morse was ceremonially introduced as governor before the legislature and State Senator Sharon Carson briefly assumed the role of Senate President during legislative proceedings. Morse's short stint as governor largely consisted of ceremonial activities in the governor's chamber, including signing proclamations and taking photos with members from their home district.
U.S. Senate campaign
In 2022, Morse announced they would not seek re-election to the New Hampshire Senate and would instead seek the Republican nomination for United States Senate in the 2022 United States Senate election in New Hampshire. It had been widely anticipated that Morse would seek a full term as Governor of New Hampshire in the 2022 election, however incumbent Republican Chris Sununu opted to seek reelection, causing Morse to shift course toward a U.S. Senate run.
Morse placed second in the primary, narrowly behind Donald Bolduc, and conceded the day after the primary.
Political positions
Economic
As a state senator, Morse has opposed a broad-based state sales or income tax, has advanced legislation aimed at reducing property taxes, and has focused on eliminating other state taxes, particularly the interest and dividends tax, which the newest state budget will phase out.
Immigration
As a candidate for U.S. Senate, Morse has highlighted border security as a priority if elected, suggesting current U.S. policy related to border security is responsible for the presence of drugs, including fentanyl, in the state.
Environment
As a state senator, Morse has referenced their landscaping and gardening business as influencing their understanding of environmental issues. Morse has voted against protection for wetlands, solar energy and net-metering due to their opposition to government regulation.
Abortion
In 2017, Morse voted for SB66 which authorized murder charges for an individual who causes the death of a fetus. Morse helped pass New Hampshire's 24-week late-term abortion ban and has opposed Roe v. Wade, advocating for states to determine abortion laws. They have consistently voted against measures creating buffer zones around abortion clinics.
References
External links
Electoral history
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1960 births
21st-century American politicians
Governors of New Hampshire
Living people
Members of the New Hampshire House of Representatives
New Hampshire Republicans
New Hampshire state senators
People from Salem, New Hampshire
Plymouth State University alumni
Presidents of the New Hampshire Senate
Republican Party governors of New Hampshire
Candidates in the 2022 United States Senate elections
