Mukhamukham () (1984) is a Malayalam feature film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan.
Plot
The film starts in the early 1950s showing Sreedharan, the protagonist, as a very popular communist leader and trade union activist.  They are forced to go underground after their name is associated with the murder of the owner of a tile factory.  They are considered to be dead by their party and they even erect a memorial for him. But they make an unexpected comeback almost 10 years later, after the first communist ministry gained and lost power in Kerala and after the Communist Party of India has split. On their return, they spend their time sleeping and drinking. Their comeback is first a puzzle and then an embarrassment to their comrades and family. As the disappointment on their new face grows, they are found murdered. The film ends when both the communist parties jointly celebrate their martyrdom. A discussion was carried out about this movie in Russian Parliament.
Cast
Ashokan as Sudhakaran as a man
P. Gangadharan Nair as Sridharan
Krishan Kumar
Vishwanathan as Sudhakaran as a boy
Alummoodan
Azeez
Omanakuttan as Police man
Karamana Janardanan Nair
Awards
The film has been nominated for and won the following awards since its release:
1984 FIPRESCI Prize (New Delhi)
1984 National Film Awards (India)
Won - Best Director - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Won - Best Screenplay - Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Won - Best Feature Film in Malayalam
Won - Best Audiography
References
External links
1984 films
1984 drama films
Films directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan
1980s Malayalam-language films
Films whose director won the Best Director National Film Award
Films that won the Best Audiography National Film Award
Films whose writer won the Best Original Screenplay National Film Award
Best Malayalam Feature Film National Film Award winners
Arthur William "Mick" Roper (20 February 1917 – 4 September 1972) was an Australian cricketer. They played eleven first-class matches for New South Wales in 1939–40. Roper was a fighter pilot in No. 455 Squadron RAAF stationed in Scotland.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
1917 births
1972 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Cricketers from Sydney
Australian Services cricketers
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Australian World War II pilots
Carlos Ramón Aránguiz Zúñiga (18 September 1953 – 3 January 2021) was a Chilean judge who served on the Supreme Court.
References
1953 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Chilean judges
21st-century Chilean judges
Helsingin Kullervo (abbreviated Kullervo) is a football club from Helsinki, Finland. The club was formed in 1919. It used to participate in number of sports including Bandy, Ice Hockey, Pesäpallo and Athletics but now concentrates only in Football. The club is a member of the Finnish Workers' Sports Federation, abbreviated as TUL. In its early days, Club was a powerhouse in TUL Sports, they won several TUL championships in Football, Pesäpallo, Bandy and Athletics.
History in football
Kullervo was founded on February 7, 1919, after members who participated in Finnish Civil War as a red guards were expelled from Hermannin Kiista. Football was added to club program in 1919, football at that time had been largely middle and upper class sport, working class kids played often on the street but their teams were short lived and most players found it hard to enter clubs run by higher social classes, although KIF had several working class players. In April 1919, Kullervo kept their first football practice in Haapaniemen kenttä. In 1919, they participated in SPL Helsinki District competitions. They were only TUL club that had a football team and needed games to play. A member of Kullervo had been friends with members of SPL Helsinki district, and they were accepted to participate by special permit. Their first match was supposed to be against third team of HIFK, but their opponents were too scared to play and did not show up, apparently fearing retaliation from Finnish Civil War, Kullervo was declared winners by walkover, They finally got to play against third team of KIF, they also faced second team of HJK and Jewish club Stjärnan. In summer of 1919, they were forbidden to continue playing in SPL competitions by TUL. As a result, TUL Clubs from Helsinki District were obligated to form football teams, and soon Ponnistus, Jyry and Visa also had a number of teams. They quickly became a leading football club winning 6 first national TUL Cup. Finnish sports at the time were divided between Finnish Workers' Sports Federation and Finnish National Sports Association, they did not compete against each other and TUL members weren't allowed to represent Finland in national teams. In 1942 and 1945, they participated in Finnish Championship that was played in cup format. In 1943-44 season, they participated in first tier qualifiers but did not qualify and participated second tier instead. In 1948, TUL and Finnish FA leagues were merged and Kullervo qualified to Mestaruussarja.
Season to Season
2 seasons in Mestaruussarja
6 seasons in Suomensarja
12 seasons in Maakuntasarja
6 seasons in Aluesarja
17 seasons in Nelonen
9 seasons in Kutonen
8 seasons in Seiska
References
External links
Official site
Finnish Wikipedia
Sports clubs in Finland
Football clubs in Helsinki
Sport in Helsinki
1919 establishments in Finland
Giannina Chiantoni (24 June 1881 - 17 May 1972) was an Italian actor. They appeared in more than twelve films from 1910 to 1955.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1881 births
1972 deaths
Italian film actores
People from the Province of Matera
Mount Holm-Hansen () is a prominent mountain rising to between the lower David Valley and Bartley Glacier in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. On its north side sits Bifrost Ledge, a flat benchlike feature that rises to 1,750 metres (5,740 ft).
The mountain was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1997 after Osmund Holm-Hansen, a plant physiologist, who, working in the 1959–60 season, was one of the first American scientists to visit and conduct research in both Taylor Valley and Wright Valley. Bifrost Ledge was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1998, in association with names from Norse mythology in Asgard Range, Bifröst being a “bridge” linking Asgard (home of the gods) with earth.
References
References
Mountains of the Asgard Range
McMurdo Dry Valleys
André Campos (born 21 November 1960) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1960 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
is a Japanese multinational pharmaceutical company, formed on 1 April 2005 from the merger of and . On February 5, 2020, the company announced management changes effective from April 1, 2020.
Astellas is a member of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFJ) keiretsu.
History
Early foundations
Fujisawa Shoten was started in 1894 by Tomokichi Fujisawa in Osaka, and was renamed Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co. in 1943. Yamanouchi Yakuhin Shokai was started in 1923 by Kenji Yamanouchi in Osaka. The company was renamed Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Co. in 1940 and moved to Tokyo in 1942. Both companies started their overseas expansion at about the same time, opening offices in Taiwan in 1962 and 1963, respectively, and in the United States and Europe from 1977 onwards.
Recent times and mergers
Fujisawa acquired Lyphomed in 1990 and thereafter established its US R&D center in Deerfield, Illinois. Yamanouchi's R&D center in Leiderdorp was established with the acquisition of the pharmaceutical division of Royal Gist Brocades in 1991. Fujisawa and Yamanouchi combined in a "merger of equals," forming Astellas Pharma on 1 April 2005. At least some of its older products continue to be distributed under the original brand, ostensibly due to high brand-name recognition. Astellas had a collaboration agreement with CoMentis from 2008 to 2014 focused on development of beta-secretase inhibitor therapeutics for Alzheimer's disease.
In 2009, the company's tacrolimus-containing products Prograf and Advagraf showed they were prone to dosing errors within Europe, leading to serious adverse reactions among a number of patients, due to deficits in packaging and labeling, deficits corrected after a warning from the UK MHRA.
On June 9, 2010, Astellas acquired OSI Pharmaceuticals for $4.0 billion. In December 2014, Astellas expanded its 18-month-old collaboration with Cytokinetics, focusing on the R&D and commercialization of skeletal muscle activators. The companies announced they will advance the development of CK-2127107 (a fast skeletal troponin activator) into Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy and possibly other neuromuscular conditions. The collaboration was expected to generate more than $600 million for Cytokinetics, as well as $75 million in milestone payments. In November 2015, the company announced its move to acquire Ocata Therapeutics (formerly Advanced Cell Technology) for $379 million. The deal was completed in February 2016. Later in November 2015 the company announced it would sell its dermatology business to LEO Pharma for $725 million. In October 2016 Astellas announced it would acquire Ganymed Pharmaceuticals for $1.4 billion
In April 2017, the company announced it would acquire Belgium-based drug discovery firm Ogeda for up to a total €800 million, strengthening its late-stage pipeline with Ogeda's drug candidate, fezolinetant. In November 2017, the company announced that it exercised an option to purchase Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Mitobridge, which is developing treatments for Duchenne muscular dystrophy and age-related diseases.
In August 2018, Astellas announced it would acquire Quethera Limited for $109 million. In December 2018, the company announced it would acquire Potenza Therapeutics, Inc.
In December 2019, Astellas Pharma announced it would buy Audentes Therapeutics Inc for approximately $3 billion in cash as well as acquiring Xyphos Biosciences, Inc later in the same month. Audentes will operate as a wholly owned subsidiary within Astellas, and will serve as the Center of Excellence for the newly created Genetic Regulation Primary Focus, providing leadership for AAV pipeline advancement through commercialization, manufacturing expansion, and next-generation research initiatives. The acquisition includes Astellas gaining Xyphos' Advanced Cellular Control through Engineered Ligands (ACCEL) technology platform.
Astellas Pharma's Smyraf (ingredient: peficitinib) obtained regulatory approval for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, the third oral Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor to receive approval.
In October 2020, Astellas announced it would acquire iota Biosciences, Inc. for $127.5 million, with shareholders eligible to receive up to a further $176.5 million upon the achievement of predetermined milestones.
Acquisition history
The following is an illustration of the company's major mergers and acquisitions and historical predecessors (this is not a comprehensive list):
Controversies
In June 2016, the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI) gave Astellas a year-long suspension, after complaints it had "purposely misled the PMCPA." In particular, Astellas had not fully disclosed the nature of a meeting which had purported to be a "genuine advisory board".
In May 2017, the ABPI extended the suspension by a further 12 months, based on findings that Astellas was not adequately overseeing and training nurses, and that it had failed to provide complete prescribing information for several medicines.
In June 2017, Astellas was reprimanded for "producing a large number of promotional materials, which had been used for a number of years, that did not include the required prescribing information related to some serious or common adverse reactions, warnings, and precautions, for a total of eight drugs".
In December 2018, the Prescription Medicines Code of Practice Authority (PMCPA) published their findings following an allegation that Astellas had "inappropriately awarded research funding" to a senior clinician at a British hospital, directly resulting in the hospital adopting a protocol which was subsequently abandoned less than three years later "because of poor outcomes". This report also reprimanded Astellas for failing to provide sufficient and timely information to investigators.
In April 2019, Astellas agreed to pay the United States Department of Justice $100 million to resolve allegations that it had conspired to offer kickbacks via Medicare copay foundations.
Business
Astellas' franchise areas are urology, immunology (transplantation), cardiology, and infectious disease. Priority areas for R&D are infectious diseases, diabetes, gastrointestinal diseases, oncology, and diseases of the central nervous system.
Recently noted, Astellas Venture Management has funded Oncorus, which recently raised $79.5 million in a series B financing round to move two oncolytic viruses through development.
Products
Some of the key products produced by Astellas include:
Adenocard (adenosine injection) – Pharmacologic stress agent for myocardial perfusion scan
Adenoscan (adenosine injection) – Pharmacologic stress agent for myocardial perfusion scan
AmBisome (amphotericin B) – Anti-fungal – marketed with Gilead Sciences.
Amevive (alefacept) – plaque psoriasis
Astagraf XL (tacrolimus) – Prevention of post-transplant organ rejection
Cresemba (isavuconazole) – Anti-fungal
Enfortumab vedotin – Antibody-drug conjugate for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma
Flomax (tamsulosin hydrochloride) – Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH)
Flomax MR capsules were discontinued in 2005, replaced by Flomaxtra XL, containing the same active ingredient
Lexiscan (regadenoson injection) – Pharmacologic stress agent for myocardial perfusion scan
Macugen (pegaptanib sodium) – Anti-angiogenic – marketed with Gilead Sciences in the US and Pfizer Outside of US.
Mycamine (micafungin sodium) – Anti-fungal
Myrbetriq (mirabegron) – Overactive bladder (OAB) – US only marketed by Pfizer Outside of US.
Padcev (enfortumab vedotin) - Bladder cancer
Prograf (tacrolimus) – Prevention of post-transplant organ rejection
Protopic (tacrolimus ointment) – Atopic dermatitis (eczema)
Symoron (methadone HCL) – Opioid replacement therapy
Tarceva (erlotinib) – Non-small cell lung cancer and pancreatic cancer – marketed with Hoffmann-La Roche (Genentech).
Vaprisol (conivaptan) – Hyponatremia
Vesicare (solifenacin succinate) – Overactive bladder (OAB)
Vibativ (telavancin) – bactericidal lipoglycopeptide – marketed with Theravance.
Xospata (gilteritinib) – AXL receptor tyrosine kinase
Xtandi (enzalutamide) – Prostate cancer – marketed with Pfizer.
Distribution agreements
In 2007, the company narrowed UK distribution of Advagraf and Prograf to a sole distributor, UniChem, in reaction to pharmacist complaints about drug availability from wholesale sources. This narrow distribution was revised to three firms in 2010, covering all of its products in the UK: AAH, Alliance Healthcare, and Phoenix Healthcare Distribution.
Operations
The company's headquarters are in Tokyo, with research centers in Tsukuba and Osaka. Clinical development is centered in Northbrook, Illinois, La Jolla, California, and Leiden, Netherlands. Combined revenues of the two pre-merger companies were $7.9 billion in 2004. Worldwide the company employs about 17,000 people. The United States subsidiary of Astellas is Astellas US LLC.
The company's advertising slogans are:
English: Leading Light for Life
Japanese:
Further reading
References
External links
Pharmaceutical companies of Japan
Life sciences industry
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group
Multinational companies headquartered in Japan
Pharmaceutical companies based in Tokyo
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2005
Pharmaceutical companies of the Netherlands
Japanese brands
Japanese companies established in 2005
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
TOPIX 100
Companies based in Northbrook, Illinois
JSK Selver/Tähe Jõgeva is an Estonian floorball league team based in Jõgeva, Estonia. The club has won Estonian Championship for 9 times and finished second for 7 times. Players of the club represent also Estonian National team. The club has also participated in the Latvian Floorball League. Former SK Tähe player Rein Kivi, plays for Finnish club Helsingi SSV.
History
JSK Tähe was founded on 12 October 1995. For today, the club is famous in Estonia and in other countries. Thanks to club success over the country, SK Tähe membership has grown every year. For this season, the club has over 120 players of different ages. The club has a first team, which is taking part in Estonian premiership and Latvian floorball championships. The club has performed in the first league of Estonian Championship. JSK Tähe had a women's floorball team too and they were successful in the championship, but for now the women's team has fallen apart. The club has also training for younger boys and girls.
Marko Saksing is the founder of the club and playing coach.
Squad
Goaltenders
1 Tõnis Vähi
20 Rainer Kalde
92 Gerno Rebane
Defencemen
14 Lauri Hõim
16 Hannes Pagi (A)
22 Siim Selgis
24 Sander Kinks
27 Nikita Bõstrov (C)
32 Tanel Soidla
33 Toomas Peterson
38 Jüri Narits
88 Tammi Kivi
Forwards
2 Sven Uue
3 Kaspar Virkus
5 Sten Veskis
8 Nikolai Roop
10 Raul Kivi
11 Marko Saksing
12 Raido Moor
13 Siim Hõim
15 Kalmer Koossalu
19 Mario Paulus
21 Alari Pagi
23 Kaido Ingver
28 Ilmar Niitov
40 Rauno Vadi
52 Vaiko Vadi
58 Valery Maslov (A)
69 Margus Guss
71 Vladimir Nurmi
79 Pavel Semenov
87 Siim Sommer
References
External links
Floorball in Latvia
Floorball in Estonia
Events in the year 1130 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarchs – Sigurd I Magnusson (died 26 March); Magnus IV Sigurdsson, Harald IV Magnusson
Events
The death of Sigurd the Crusader in 1130 was followed by a century-long period of civil wars and rivalry for the crown.
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
26 March – Sigurd the Crusader, King of Norway 1103–1130 (born c. 1090).
References
Norway
The 1979–80 Tampa Bay Rowdies indoor season was the sixth indoor season of the club's existence.
Overview
The 1979–80 indoor season was the Tampa Bay Rowdies' sixth season of existence, and their sixth season of indoor play. As in previous years, all home games were played at the Bayfront Center in St. Petersburg, Florida. It was the first fully sanctioned indoor season in the North American Soccer League's history and Tampa Bay lost only once at home. The Rowdies finished second in the Eastern Division, and qualified for the playoffs with an 8–4 record. They won five of six matches in the playoffs en route to winning the Eastern Division crown, the NASL indoor championship, and a 13–5 overall finish. Yugoslavian, Petar Baralić led the club with 21 goals in the regular season, and 23 across all competitions.
Playoffs
The Rowdies completely dismantled Detroit in the first round with a 12–1 victory. In the Eastern Division championship series they swept top-seeded Atlanta, 7–3 and 6–5. In the Championship finals Memphis took the first game, by a count of 5–4. Tampa Bay stormed back on the return leg, 10–4, to set up a tiebreaker. Peter Anderson scored the only goal of the deciding mini-game to give the NASL indoor title to the Rowdies. South African, Steve Wegerle led the team in the postseason with 11 goals. While presenting the championship trophy to Rowdies captain Jan van der Veen, NASL commissioner Phil Woosnam said, “It was only fitting, because Tampa Bay was instrumental in the development of indoor soccer.”
Club
Roster
*trialist player
Management and technical staff
George W. Strawbridge, Jr., owner
Chas Serednesky, Jr., general manager
Gordon Jago , head coach
Keith Peacock, assistant coach
Ken Shields, trainer
Alfredo Beronda, equipment manager
Honors
NASL Indoor Champions: 1979–80
NASL Eastern Division Indoor Champions: 1979–80
Regular season
Final standings
W = Wins, L = Losses, GB = Games Behind 1st Place, % = Winning Percentage, GF = Goals For, GA = Goals Against, Avg Att = Average Home Attendance
Results
Playoffs
Bracket
Results
Statistics
Season scoring
GP = Games Played, G = Goals (worth 2 points), A = Assists (worth 1 point), Pts = Points, Pen = Penalty Minutes
Season goalkeeping
Note: GP = Games played; Min = Minutes played; GA = Goals against; GAA = Goals against average; W = Wins; L = Losses
Playoff scoring
GP = Games Played, G = Goals (worth 2 points), A = Assists (worth 1 point), Pts = Points
See also
1979–80 NASL Indoor season
1980 in American soccer
Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993)
References
External links
1979–80 Rowdies stats
1980 in American Soccer
Tampa Bay Rowdies
1979-80 indoor
Tampa Bay Rowdies (1975–1993) seasons
Tampa Bay Rowdies
Tampa Bay Rowdies
Tampa
Sports in St. Petersburg, Florida
Gilberto Hinojosa is an American politician.  They are the chair of the Texas Democratic Party. Hinojosa was the county judge of Cameron County, Texas from 1995 to 2006.
Early career
While living in Washington, DC, Hinojosa worked as a Staff Attorney for the Migrant Legal Action Program, Inc. They later became the Director of the Migrant Division of Colorado Rural Legal Services, Inc., in Denver, Colorado. Upon their return to their native Texas, Hinojosa continued practicing law as the Managing Attorney for the Texas Rural Legal Aid, Inc., located in Brownsville, Texas. Although they briefly partnered with another law firm it was only until 1995 that they established their law firm of Magallanes & Hinojosa, P.C., in Brownsville, Texas.
County judge
Hinojosa was elected Cameron County Judge on November 8, 1994. During their administration, international bridges to Mexico were built and the restoration of the 1912 era courthouse was completed. The Dancy Building now houses the present county administration.
On August 11, 2003, Hinojosa appeared before the United States Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works in support of Senate Bill 1329, which would provide assistance in the relocation of railroads to improve access for commercial traffic passing through Cameron County to and from the international border with Mexico. During their statement, they also voiced their support for the planned Interstate 69 project. After the bill passed, the Cameron County West Rail Relocation Project was initiated which provided for the construction of a railroad across the Rio Grande from Brownsville, Texas, to Matamoros, Tamaulipas, Mexico, with approximately $21 million in federal funds provided. The present administration of Judge Carlos Cascos continues to work towards completion of this project.
County Democratic Chairman
Hinojosa was elected Chairman of the Cameron County Democratic Party on November 12, 2007. One day after the inauguration of President Barack Obama, Hinojosa attended the Democratic National Committee Winter Meeting held in Washington, DC. On January 23, 2008, they nominated Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to head the Democratic National Committee. Thereafter, a unanimous vote made Governor Kaine the new leader of the Democratic National Committee.
Texas Democratic Party Chairmanship
On May 12, 2011, Hinojosa announced their intention to run for Chair of the Texas Democratic Party upon incumbent Boyd Richie announcing they would not run for re-election. They named Houston Attorney Cris Felman treasurer of their campaign. Hinojosa was elected Chair of the Texas Democratic Party on June 9, 2012 at the state party convention held in Houston. They replaced Boyd Richie, who retired.
Personal life
Hinojosa is the father of Xochitl Hinojosa, the 2020 Democratic National Convention spokesperson.
References
External links
1952 births
County judges in Texas
Hispanic and Latino American politicians
Living people
People from Cameron County, Texas
People from Hidalgo County, Texas
State political party chairs of Texas
Texas Democrats
The Mortăuța is a left tributary of the river Crasna in Romania. It discharges into the Crasna near the town Crasna. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Sălaj County
"Valentine" is a song by French actor, cabaret singer and entertainer Maurice Chevalier. Its first public performance was in 1925. The song was strongly associated with him, and their imitators use it as "an instant identification symbol". Chevalier performed the song, in French, in two American movies, Innocents of Paris (1928) and Folies Bergère de Paris (1935), but to not offend American sensibilities the word tétons (breasts) was replaced with a mysterious piton, which translates as peg or protuberance. "Piton" was needed for the rhyme scheme, but Chevalier always pointed to their nose at that moment in the song, to indicate what part of their lover's anatomy they were supposedly fondling.
History
In 1924, Maurice Chevalier was no longer a stranger to the public eye. Their passionate love affair with the French songstress Mistinguett and "Dans la vie faut pas s'en faire" ("You don't have to make much of your life"), a song that became their first hit the following year, had brought them a certain notoriety. They felt they were at the dawn of a great career. Shortly after meeting their future wife Yvonne Vallée, they signed a three-year contract with to take part in three revues at the Casino de Paris.
On November 28, 1925, Chevalier premiered a new revue titled Paris en fleurs, in which they co-starred with Yvonne Vallée. The public hurried en masse to witness their love. Chevalier sang "Valentine", a song with somewhat risque lyrics – "imbued with café-concert spirit" – for the first time in this revue. Many artists and observers consider that only Chevalier could sing this song while maintaining a certain properness of manner. For example, Yves Montand has noted: [...] and the charm of Maurice Chevalier arriving on stage [...] they had extraordinary looks and class [...] "Maurice often took songs that were trendy and that they imposed with their authentic geniality: one had to be a genius to impose "Valentine"!"
The public went to the Casino de Paris regularly just to hear this song. According to Dave DiMartino in their book Music in the 20th Century, Chevalier's "rendition of lighthearted songs such as 'Valentine' [...] seemed to conjure up the romantic feel of Paris".
Composition
Albert Willemetz and Henri Christiné wrote "Valentine" for Chevalier. The song starts off saying that you always remember your first lover. In the singer's case, their name was Valentine. In the chorus the singer describes them as having small feet, little breasts ("Elle avait des tout petits tétons") and a little chin. They also are "curly like a sheep". The song goes on to add (in translation) "She wasn't the brightest/But in bed, that's not important."
The singer runs into them in the street many years later. They see a woman who is as fat as a hippopotamus, has a double chin and "triple breasts". They run up to them with an affectionate shout and throws their arms around their neck. They do not recognize them at all and asks "Excuse me, but who are you?" And they reply that they are Valentine. The last lines, sung ruefully, translate as "Oh poor little Valentine, that should not be allowed...not be allowed, no."
Later versions and performances
Chevalier performed the song in their first American movie, Innocents of Paris (1928), a musical comedy directed by Richard Wallace and starring Sylvia Beecher. They sang it again in the 1935 movie Folies Bergère de Paris (both in the American version directed by Roy Del Ruth and the French version directed by Marcel Achard). In order not to shock the American public, the original lyrics:
were modified as
When Chevalier sang the word "piton", they pointed their finger at their nose to indicate what the piton was.
Notes
References
Claudine Kirgener, Maurice Chevalier – Itinéraire d'un inconnu célèbre, Vernal/Lebaud, 1988
Marion Vidal et Isabelle Champion, Histoire des plus célèbres chansons du cinéma, M. A. Éditions, 1990, 392 pages
François Vals, Maurice Chevalier, Éditions Didier Carpentier, 2002, 252 pages
External links
1925 songs
Maurice Chevalier songs
Songs with lyrics by Albert Willemetz
Katharoi (Greek for "the Pure") may refer to the members of one of these religious movements:
Novatianism
Catharism
Truax v Raich 239 US 33 (1915) is a US labor law case, concerning the right to work.
Facts
Arizona passed a law requiring employers to have 80% of their staff as natives. Raich was from Austria. They were an at will employee and was dismissed. They claimed this violated the equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Judgment
The Supreme Court held the Arizona law violated the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Justice McReynolds dissented.
See also
US labor law
Notes
References
United States labor case law
Charles Herbert Allen (April 15, 1848 – April 20, 1934) was an American politician and business person. After serving in state and federal elected positions, they were appointed as the first United States-appointed civilian governor of Puerto Rico when the U.S. acquired it after the Spanish–American War. They previously had served as Assistant Secretary of the Navy under President William McKinley.
After returning to the U.S. from Puerto Rico, Allen headed for Wall Street and became a vice president of Morton Trust Company and its successor, the Guaranty Trust Company of New York. They formed the American Sugar Refining Company—a sugar syndicate which, by 1907, was the largest in the world. It owned or controlled 98% of the sugar processing capacity in the U.S. and was known as the Sugar Trust. Allen was treasurer of American Sugar Refining in 1910, its president in 1913, and in 1915 they joined its board of directors. In the early 21st century, the company is known as Domino Sugar.
Early life
Allen was born in Lowell, Massachusetts, on April 15, 1848, to Otis and Louisa (Bixby) Allen. They attended public and private schools. They did their undergraduate work at Amherst College, where they graduated in 1869. They worked with their father in their company, Otis Allen and Son, a lumber business that manufactured wooden boxes and sold railroad ties, housing frames, and road building materials.
Political career
Allen joined the Republican Party and was elected to two terms in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1881 and 1882; and one term in the Massachusetts Senate in 1883. They were elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth and Fiftieth Congresses, serving March 4, 1885 to March 3, 1889. In 1890, Allen was nominated for governor of Massachusetts by the Republicans, but was defeated by William E. Russell.
In 1884, they received the title "Colonel," when Governor George Dexter Robinson appointed them to their personal staff. They also are appointed as the Massachusetts Prison Commissioner from 1897 to 1898.
In 1898 President William McKinley named Allen as Assistant Secretary of the Navy when Theodore Roosevelt resigned the post to enter the Spanish–American War. They held this position from 1898 to 1900.
Governor of Puerto Rico
When the war ended, President McKinley appointed Allen as the first civilian governor of Puerto Rico, and they served from 1900 to 1901. Though Allen had a business background, their financial administration of Puerto Rico has been criticized by historians Thomas Aitken, Jr. and Manuel Maldonado-Denis. The revenue for the island's government was raised internally, mostly from tariffs, sales taxes and property taxes. During Allen's tenure this annual budget equaled the 4.4 million pesos the Spanish had spent in 1897, but without expenses for a five-thousand man garrison or the former contributions to the Catholic church.
Due to this reduced overhead, the island should have had a substantial budget surplus, but Allen's administration did not provide many benefits for the people. They ignored the appropriation requests of the Puerto Rican House of Delegates, and refused to make any municipal, agricultural or small business loans. They built roads at double the old costs. 85% of the school-age population did not have schools. Instead of making needed infrastructure and education investments, Allen re-directed the insular budget to no-bid contracts for U.S. business people, railroad subsidies for U.S.-owned sugar plantations, and high salaries for U.S. bureaucrats in the island government.
Allen was also listed as one of the "Politicians in the Lumber and Timber Business in Puerto Rico."
By the time Allen left in 1901, nearly all of the governor's 11-member Executive Council were U.S. expatriates. Half the appointive offices in the government of Puerto Rico had been given to visiting Americans, 626 of them at top salaries.
Life after politics
After resigning as governor in 1901, Allen headed to Wall Street and joined the House of Morgan as vice-president of both the Morgan Trust Company and the Guaranty Trust Company of New York. Through these connections, they built a sugar syndicate in Puerto Rico. By 1907 this syndicate, the American Sugar Refining Company, owned or controlled 98% of the sugar processing capacity in the United States and was known as the Sugar Trust.
By 1910 Allen was treasurer of the American Sugar Refining Company, by 1913 they were its president, and by 1915 they sat on its board of directors. While Allen built the largest sugar syndicate in the world, their political appointees in Puerto Rico provided them with land grants, tax subsidies, water rights, railroad easements, foreclosure sales and favorable tariffs. Today, the Allen sugar syndicate is known as Domino Sugar.
Private life
Allen had married Harriet C. Dean of Manchester, New Hampshire, in 1870, and they lived in Lowell on Rolfe Street, at their home called "The Terraces", today part of UMass Lowell. They raised two daughters, Bertha and Louise.
While Allen and their family were living in Puerto Rico when they were governor, their daughter Bertha Allen married naval officer George W. Logan in 1900. Their wedding was at the Palace, the governor's residence. The second daughter, Louise Allen (1875–1953), became a sculptor and a member of many artistic societies. Them son, Allen Hobbs, was a hydrographer in the US Navy. They were appointed as the 32nd Governor of American Samoa when it was a military position.
Allen pursued a variety of leisure interests. They were an avid painter, and completed twenty-seven landscape and marine paintings. These are held in the Allen Collection of the Whistler House Museum of Art in Lowell.
Interested in gardens, they ensured that the grounds of their home, "The Terraces," were planted with gardens, fountains, a pergola, and a large gazebo. The latter can be seen in photographs of the Allen House Collection, University of Massachusetts Center for Lowell History. It was donated by Walter E. Hayes, their groundskeeper.
Charles Herbert Allen died in Lowell and is buried in Lowell Cemetery. A memorial was created to honor their name.
Legacy and honors
The Terraces, is now called Allen House and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It is within the boundaries of the South Campus of the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
References
General sources
Davenport's Art Reference 2001–2002, page 73
Courier Citizen, April 21, 1934
Whistler House Museum of Art files
External links
1848 births
1934 deaths
Amherst College alumni
Governors of Puerto Rico
Massachusetts state senators
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Politicians from Lowell, Massachusetts
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Massachusetts
Republican Party (Puerto Rico) politicians
United States Assistant Secretaries of the Navy
Transition metal dithiocarbamate complexes are coordination complexes containing one or more dithiocarbamate ligand, which are typically abbreviated R2dtc−. Many complexes are known. Several homoleptic derivatives have the formula M(R2dtc)n where n = 2 and 3.
Ligand characteristics
Dithiocarbamates are anions. Because of the pi-donor properties of the amino substituent, the two sulfur centers show enhanced basicity. This situation is represented by the zwitterionic resonance structure that depicts a positive charge on N and negative charges on both sulfurs. This N to C pi-bonding results in partial double bond character. Consequently, barriers to rotational about this bond are elevated. Another consequence of their high basicity, dithiocarbamates often stabilize complexes in uncharacteristically high oxidation state (e.g., Fe(IV), Co(IV), Ni(III), Cu(III)).
Dithiocarbamate salts are easily synthesized. Many primary and secondary amines react with carbon disulfide and sodium hydroxide to form dithiocarbamate salts:
R2NH + CS2 + NaOH → R2NCS2−Na+ + H2O
A wide variety of secondary amines give the corresponding dtc ligand. Popular amines include dimethylamine (Me2NH), diethylamine (Et2NH), and pyrrolidine ((CH2)4NH).
Related ligands
Dithiocarbamates are classified as derivatives of dithiocarbamic acid. Their properties as ligands resemble the conjugate bases of many related "1,1-dithioacids":
Xanthates, ROCS2−
Dithiophosphates, (RO)2PS2−
Dithiocarboxylates, RCS2−
Synthetic methods
Commonly, metal dithiocarbamates are prepared by salt metathesis reactions using alkali metal dithiocarbamates:
NiCl2 + 2NaS2CNMe2 → Ni(S2CNMe2)2 + 2NaCl
A complementary method entails oxidative addition of thiuram disulfides to low-valent metal complexes:
Mo(CO)6 + 2[S2CNMe2]2 → Mo(S2CNMe2)4 + 6CO
Metal amido complexes, such as tetrakis(dimethylamido)titanium, react with carbon disulfide:
Ti(NMe2)4 + 4CS2 → Ti(S2CNMe2)4
Homoleptic complexes
Bis complexes
nickel bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate), palladium bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate), platinum bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate), all square-planar complexes
copper bis(diethyldithiocarbamate), a square-planar complex
Tris complexes
vanadium tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), an octahedral complex
chromium tris(diethylditiocarbamate), an octahedral complex
manganese tris(dimthylthtiocarbamate), an octahedral complex
iron tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), ruthenium tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), osmium tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), all octahedral complexes
cobalt tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), rhodium tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), iridium tris(diethyldithiocarbamate), all octahedral complexes
Tetrakis complexes
titanium tetrakis(dimethyldithiocarbamate)
molybdenum tetrakis(diethyldithiocarbamate)
Dimetallic complexes
zinc bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate), a pair of square-planar subunits
dicobalt pentakis(diethyldithiocarbamate) cation, with a pair of octahedral Co(III) centers
diruthenium pentakis(diethyldithiocarbamate) cation, with a pair of octahedral Ru(III) centers, two isomers
Applications
Dtc complexes find several applications:
herbicides in the form of the iron and zinc derivatives Ferbam and Zineb, respectively
vulcanization accelerators, zinc bis(dimethyldithiocarbamate)
medicine, iron tris(dimethyldithiocarbamate) as a nitric oxide scavenger.
References
Dithiocarbamates
Västerhaninge () is a locality situated in Haninge Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden. It had 15,134 inhabitants in 2010. It is connected to Stockholm by commuter rail.
Västerhaninge borders the large Hanveden forest to the north, the Jordbro locality to the east, an agricultural region to the south, and the Tungelsta area to the west. The locality lies 22 km from Stockholm and 6 km from Handen. Districts of the locality include Åbylund, Norrskogen, and Jägartorp in the north, and Ribbyberg and Nedersta in the south.
The Stockholm-Nynäs railway runs through the town, and the original station building was demolished to make way for a new one in 1997. The nearby Tungelsta station is the only one in the region to survive from the railway's original construction.
Residential, service and future
Västerhaninge's several residential areas underwent expansion in the 1960s-1980s. Housing stock today includes co-operative apartments, rental apartments and villas with multiple sites and group houses, the oldest dating to the mid-1940s. Newer residential developments at Ribby ängar, Skarplöt, and Nedersta gård are planned.
Retail and food service outlets are located near to the railway station, and convenience stores serve the suburbs. Smaller commercial centres are found in Åby and Ribby.
Workplaces are both in the public sector in trade and other commercial activities. There are crafts and manufacturing of industrial Håga. A new area of work is planned at the rapids, and shall include service station, motel and restaurant service. In Västerhaninge center planned for the expanded trade volume and the fall 2010 opening Systembolaget
In Västerhaninge are several schools of all phases and several preschools. Berga Land Management School (Berga naturbruksgymnasium) is targeting land, horse management, environmental protection and nature conservation.
Here we also find the Stockholm Sweden Temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which was completed in 1985.
Major streets in Västerhaninge
Ringvägen
Björnvägen
Tungelstavägen
Gamla Nynäsvägen
Villavägen
Solhemsvägen
Gränsvägen
Huggarvägen
Plöjarvägen
Recreation
In Västerhaninge are Hanveden's sports ground with playing fields, running track and ice rink. In connection with the schools are usually one or more of playing fields. The sports ground is the central track with illuminated tracks. In the north opens Hanvedens pristine forests that are of national interest in outdoor life. North of the sports ground is Nytorp meadows with several playing fields. To the east lies Blockula riding.
South of Västerhaninge is Häringe Castle, and Almås Conference
Nature
Västerhaninge is largely surrounded by nature. In those southern areas bordering the place to open agricultural landscape, whereas in the East meets the sea with Årsta havsbad and Berga as the central villages. In the northern part of Västerhaninge are Nytorp and Hanveden with ortentliga guide tracks within walking distance of the lake Öran. In the vicinity of Västerhaninge are also bathing areas and naturområderna Östnora, Gålö seaside and Årsta.
Other popular destinations are Berga and Ekeby Lodge both located just south of Västerhaninge.Berga Land Management School organizes every year an event called "Mountain Days," where there is opportunity to look at the animals and feel the farm life.
Ekeby Lodge is best known for its Midsummer celebrations.
Also nearby is the Jordbro Grave Field, believed to be the largest Iron Age grave field in the Nordic countries.
Transportation
Commuter
Line 35 Nynäshamn-Bålsta passes Västerhaninge, which has a train station in connection to the center. There are four trains an hour in Stockholm, and two trains per hour towards Nynäshamn. Travel time by train to Stockholm or Nynäshamn is about 30 minutes.
The station has been in the mid and late 1990s was the subject of rehabilitation; Extended Yard, direct connection between bus and train, the platform is accessed via a pedestrian tunnel that also serves as an improved relationship between the western and eastern Västerhaninge, new station building and the side platform and partly related to pedestrian and bicycle tunnel and heated waiting areas on platforms.
Buses
In connection with the station is a bus terminal with "direct connection" between train and bus. Several bus routes serving the bus terminal. The station is a commuter parking and a taxi station.
Gallery
References
Populated places in Haninge Municipality
Ystradgynlais Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club based in Ystradgynlais, Wales. The club is a member of the Welsh Rugby Union and is also a feeder club for the Ospreys.
The club was established in 1890.
Club honours
West Wales Cup Champions (1938)
Swansea Valley Cup (13 Occasions)
Promotion to Heineken League (1991)
Promotion from Division 3 (1993)
Cwmtawe 7s Champions (1994)
Division 2 Champions (1995)
Promotion from Division 5 South West (2008)
West Wales Plate Champions (2008)
Former notable players
Joe Jones (Wales)
Steve Bayliss (Wales (RL))
Anthony Buchanan(Wales)
Jonny Koloi (Tonga)
Kevin Hopkins (Wales)
Tom Hopkins (Wales)
Stan Wright (Cook Islands)
Vernon Cooper (Wales)
Albert Owen (Wales)
Mark Bennett (Wales)
David Lewis (Wales B)
Ogwyn Alexander (Wales B)
William Lewis Thomas (Final Welsh Trialist)
Ness Flowers (Wales (RL))
Dan Baker (Wales)
Memorable Results
Ystradgynlais 6 Pontarddulais 3 (West Wales Cup Final 1938)
Ystradgynlais 6 Llanelli 6 (Welsh Cup 1978)
Ystradgynlais 9 Garndiffaith 8 (Play Off 1991)
Ystradgynlais 16 Pontypridd 15 (Centenary Game 1991)
Ystradgynlais 10 Newport 9 (Welsh Cup 1994)
Ystradgynlais 52 Cefneithin 10 (West Wales Plate Final 2008)
References
Welsh rugby union teams
Sport in Powys
Toronto Stories is a 2008 Canadian anthology film. It has four segments that are bound together by a young boy, lost in an unknown city. After the prologue, the four segments are directed by different people: "Shoelaces" by Aaron Woodley, "The Brazilian" by Sook-Yin Lee, "Windows" by David "Sudz" Sutherland, and "Lost Boys" by David Weaver.
Synopsis
Opening on the arrival of several overseas flights at Pearson International and the many diverse faces that populate the city's landscape, a young boy, presumably of African descent, arrives at a customs desk unaccompanied and with no papers.  They are taken into the custody of the immigration office, but when a back is turned they are drawn by curiosity into the throng of the airport. They then makes their way onto an express bus and into the city alone. An amber alert is issued signaling that a child has gone missing.
That same day two children embark on a quest to find a reported monster living beneath the picturesque neighbourhood of Cabbagetown. Over the course of that day and into the night, they share a number of profound experiences involving love, death and their very first kiss. In Kensington Market a lonely woman and a young man who has never been in love come up against their fundamental differences in their search for understanding and connection. Alton and Doug reunite by chance on the streets of Toronto. These former partners in crime have to reevaluate their toxic relationship while staring down the barrel of a police officer's gun. A broken man fallen from grace and now inhabiting the streets and alleys around Union Station spots the lost boy, but when they approach the authorities their mental illness causes the credibility of their discovery to be questioned.
Cast
Carly Pope ... Roshanna
Gil Bellows ... Henry
Sook-Yin Lee ... Willia
K. C. Collins ... Alton Morris
Lisa Ray ... Beth
Ricardo Hoyos ... Jacob
Ingrid Hart ... Chantal
Samantha Weinstein ... Cayle
Tygh Runyan ... Boris
Toka Murphy ... Boy
Olivia Palenstein ... Jacob's Mother
Cameron Kennedy ... Zach
Frank Moore ... Stevenson
Mike McPhaden ... Father
Michael Rhoades ... Inspector Kane
Judy Sinclair ... Shelagh
Joris Jarsky ... Doug Shannon
Shauna MacDonald ... Lowry
Daniel Park ... Asian Man
Ellora Patnaik ... Caroline
Elva Mai Hoover ... Dog Walker Lady
Louise Naubert ... Eastern European Lady
Maxwell McCabe-Lokos ... Eddi
Richard Leacock ... Police officer Bell
Stephen R. Hart ... Greely
Carly Street ... Immigration Officer
Ajit Zacharias ... Indian Man
Julian Richings ... Leather Jacket
James Lafazanos ... Night Manager
Gene Mack ... Perry
Release
Toronto Stories premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF). It then went on to screen at the Possible Worlds Film Festival and the Kingston Canadian Film Festival. It was released in select theatres on December 12, 2008.
Reception
Toronto Stories was panned by most critics. Variety, reviewing the film after its September 2008 premiere at TIFF, called it a "complete zero" that represented the nadir of the "omnibus city film concept"; they acknowledged the "major Canadian talent behind and in front of the camera" but said the film "manages to leave no memorable moments over the span of four wan short pieces about Torontonians in search of a city". After its limited Canadian release three months later, Bruce DeMara of the Toronto Star was much more positive, giving it three stars out of 4; DeMara, acknowledging they were an "unabashed city booster", said "cinephiles looking for the next generation of directors to follow in the footsteps of James Cameron, David Cronenberg and Norman Jewison may find it in this cadre of filmmakers." DeMara called Gil Bellows's performance a tour-de-force and said the "vignettes make Toronto look very good indeed, by turns accessible and mysterious, livably bourgeois in some places, raw and gritty in others, hip and modern, but with a sense of history." E.C. Woodley's music score was given special praise by DeMara, who wrote that the score "deserves special mention for its orchestral manoeuvres, by turns lively, languid and moody, evoking a sense of place in a city whose diversity makes it so difficult to define." Now called it a "plodding, uninspired collection of four short films — each written and directed by a well-regarded local filmmaker — that never rise above mildly engaging, are often just plain lousy and fail to use the city in any creative or interesting way." Eye Weekly gave it three stars out of 5, saying it was "disappointing that the results are so inconsistent, with none of the contributions matching their creators' best efforts in the past. Nor, despite all its proud displays of local colour, does it present Hogtown as memorably as such other recent Toronto-centric indie pics as Monkey Warfare, Sabah or In Between Days."
References
External links
Films set in Toronto
Films shot in Toronto
2008 films
Canadian anthology films
English-language Canadian films
Films directed by Aaron Woodley
Films directed by Sook-Yin Lee
Films directed by Sudz Sutherland
2000s English-language films
2000s Canadian films
Clarence Alfred Barnes (August 28, 1882 – May 26, 1970) was an American politician who served as Attorney General of Massachusetts from 1945 to 1949.
Barnes political career began in Mansfield, Massachusetts, where they served as town counsel and moderator of the Town meeting. From 1912 to 1913, they served as a state representative, and they were a delegate to the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention of 1917–18.
Barnes was the Republican nominee for attorney general in 1938 but lost to incumbent Paul A. Dever. They ran again in 1940, but lost the Republican nomination to Robert T. Bushnell. Barnes was a member of the Massachusetts Governor's Council from 1943 to 1944. In 1944, they defeated former Lieutenant Governor Francis E. Kelly to become attorney general. Barnes defeated Kelly again in 1946, but lost to them in 1948. They were a candidate for governor in 1950, but lost the nomination to Arthur W. Coolidge. Barnes was also a delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1940, 1944, 1948, and 1952.
-
Barnes died on May 26, 1970, at Martha's Vineyard Hospital in Oak Bluffs, Massachusetts.
Their son Clare Barnes, Jr. was an advertising executive who published a best-selling series of picture books.
References
1882 births
1970 deaths
20th-century American politicians
Massachusetts Attorneys General
Members of the Massachusetts Governor's Council
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
People from Mansfield, Massachusetts
People from Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts
Politicians from Brooklyn
Yale College alumni
Yale Law School alumni
The term Marquette Building may refer to:
Marquette Building (Chicago), completed in 1895
Marquette Building (Detroit), built in 1905
Marquette Building (St. Louis), completed in 1914
Hans Bernt Myhre (8 February 1817 – 31 August 1863) was a Norwegian politician.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854, 1857 and 1859, representing the constituency of Stavanger. They worked as a carpenter in that city.
References
1817 births
1863 deaths
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
In computer programming, a subroutine (a.k.a. function) will often inform calling code about the result of its computation, by returning a value to that calling code.
The data type of that value is called the function's return type.
In the C++ programming language, a function must be declared.
The C++ function's return type is specified as a part of declaring that function.
A trailing return type is like a traditional return type, except that it is specified in a different location.
Syntax
An ordinary return type is specified before the function's name.
In this example of traditional C++ code, the return type of HasMultipleItems() is bool:
class CClass {
public:
bool HasMultipleItems();
std::vector<int> m_veciMember;
};
bool CClass::HasMultipleItems() {
return m_veciMember.size() > 1;
}
A trailing return type is specified after the parameter list, following -> symbols:
class CClass {
public:
auto HasMultipleItems() -> bool;
std::vector<int> m_veciMember;
};
auto CClass::HasMultipleItems() -> bool {
return m_veciMember.size() > 1;
}
Distinction from other language features
In modern C++, the meaning of the auto keyword will depend on its context:
When used in a variable's definition (e.g., auto x = 11;), the auto keyword indicates type inference. The data type for that x will be deduced from its initialization.
On the other hand, there is no type inference in the HasMultipleItems() example. That example only uses the auto keyword as a syntactic element, because a trailing return type is being used.
Rationale
Consider the task of programming a generic version of int Add(const int& lhs, const int& rhs) { return lhs + rhs; }.
A proper expression of this function's return type would use the two formal parameter names with decltype: decltype(lhs + rhs).
But, where a return type is traditionally specified, those two formal parameters are not yet in scope.
Consequently, this code will not compile:
// This will not compile
template<typename TL, typename TR>
decltype(lhs + rhs) Add(const TL& lhs, const TR& rhs) {
return lhs + rhs;
}
The formal parameters are in scope, where a trailing return type is specified:
template<typename TL, typename TR>
auto Add(const TL& lhs, const TR& rhs) -> decltype(lhs + rhs) {
return lhs + rhs;
}
See also
Language enhancements of C++ 11
References
Programming language standards
Muhammad Ayub Sheikh is a Pakistani politician who was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-254 (Karachi-XVI) as a candidate of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 132,648 votes and defeated Syed Suhail Abrar, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Muttahida Qaumi Movement MNAs
Year of birth missing (living people)
See Influenza pandemic for government preparation for an H5N1 pandemic
The social impact of H5N1 is the effect or influence of H5N1 in human society; especially the financial, political, social, and personal responses to both actual and predicted deaths in birds, humans, and other animals. Billions of dollars are being raised and spent to research H5N1 and prepare for a potential avian influenza pandemic. Over ten billion dollars have been lost and over two hundred million birds have been killed to try to contain H5N1. People have reacted by buying less chicken causing poultry sales and prices to fall. Many individuals have stockpiled supplies for a possible flu pandemic.
Financial
On November 1, 2005 US President George W. Bush unveiled the National Strategy To Safeguard Against The Danger of Pandemic Influenza backed by a request to Congress for $7.1 billion to begin implementing the plan.
On January 18, 2006 donor nations pledged two billion US dollars to combat bird flu at the two-day International Pledging Conference on Avian and Human Influenza held in China. Over ten billion dollars have been spent and over two hundred million birds have been killed to try to contain H5N1.
According to The New York Times, due to the H5N1 threat, as of March 2006: "governments worldwide have spent billions planning for a potential influenza pandemic: buying medicines, running disaster drills, [and] developing strategies for tighter border controls."
Investment strategies are being altered to manage the effects of H5N1. This changes the valuations of trillions of dollars' worth of stocks worldwide as investors move assets in accordance with both fears and hopes.
Poultry farming practices have changed due to H5N1:
killing millions of poultry
vaccinating poultry against bird flu
vaccinating poultry workers against human flu
limiting travel in areas where H5N1 is found
increasing farm hygiene
reducing contact between livestock and wild birds
reducing open-air wet markets
limiting workers contact with cock fighting
reducing purchases of live fowl
improving veterinary vaccine availability and cost.
For example, after nearly two years of using mainly culling to control the virus, the Vietnam government in 2005 adopted a combination of mass poultry vaccination, disinfecting, culling, information campaigns and bans on live poultry in cities.
The cost of poultry farming has increased, while the cost to consumers has gone down due to fears from H5N1 driving demand below supply, resulting in devastating losses for many poultry farmers. Poor poultry farmers can't afford mandated measures keeping their bird livestock from contact with wild birds (and other measures) thus risking losing their livelihood altogether. Multinational poultry farming is increasingly becoming a profit loser as H5N1 achieves status as endemic in wild birds worldwide.
Financial ruin for poor poultry farmers, that can be as severe as threatening starvation, has caused some to commit suicide and many others to stop cooperating with efforts to deal with H5N1; further increasing the human toll, the spread of the disease and the chances for a pandemic mutation.
Political
US HHS Secretary Michael O. Leavitt has said "Everything you say in advance of a pandemic is alarmist; anything you do after it starts is inadequate."
H5N1, like many other topics, is subject to political spin; wherein every interest group picks and chooses among the facts to support their favorite cause resulting in a distortion of the overall picture, the motivations of the people involved and the believability of the predictions.
Donald Rumsfeld, formerly United States Secretary of Defense, is a past board member and current minor shareholder of Gilead Sciences which owns intellectual property rights to Oseltamivir (also called "Tamiflu"). In November 2005, George W. Bush urged Congress to pass 7.1 billion in emergency funding to prepare for the possible bird flu pandemic, of which one billion is solely dedicated to the purchase, and distribution of Tamiflu.
Some believe H5N1 is a problem of industrial poultry practices.
Others have a more nuanced position. According to the CDC article H5N1 Outbreaks and Enzootic Influenza by Robert G. Webster et al.:"Transmission of highly pathogenic H5N1 from domestic poultry back to migratory waterfowl in western China has increased the geographic spread. The spread of H5N1 and its likely reintroduction to domestic poultry increase the need for good agricultural vaccines. In fact, the root cause of the continuing H5N1 pandemic threat may be the way the pathogenicity of H5N1 viruses is masked by cocirculating influenza viruses or bad agricultural vaccines." Dr. Robert Webster explains: "If you use a good vaccine you can prevent the transmission within poultry and to humans. But if they have been using vaccines now [in China] for several years, why is there so much bird flu? There is bad vaccine that stops the disease in the bird but the bird goes on pooping out virus and maintaining it and changing it. And I think this is what is going on in China. It has to be. Either there is not enough vaccine being used or there is substandard vaccine being used. Probably both. It's not just China. We can't blame China for substandard vaccines. I think there are substandard vaccines for influenza in poultry all over the world." In response to the same concerns, Reuters reports Hong Kong infectious disease expert Lo Wing-lok saying that "The issue of vaccines has to take top priority", and Julie Hall, in charge of the WHO's outbreak response in China, saying that China's vaccinations could be "masking" the virus. The BBC reported that Dr Wendy Barclay, a virologist at the University of Reading, UK said: "The Chinese have made a vaccine based on reverse genetics made with H5N1 antigens, and they have been using it. There has been a lot of criticism of what they have done, because they have protected their chickens against death from this virus but the chickens still get infected; and then you get drift - the virus mutates in response to the antibodies - and now we have a situation where we have five or six 'flavours' of H5N1 out there."
Some have called for tax breaks due to H5N1. A May 7, 2006 report from India E-News states that: "Pakistani poultry farmers have sought a 10-year tax exemption to support their dwindling business after the detection of the H5N1 strain of bird flu triggered a fall in demand and prices, a poultry trader said. "We have asked the government to give us tax exemption on income from the poultry business for at least 10 years to meet losses caused by the bird flu scare", Abdul Basit told DPA. Basit, vice president of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) in the country's commercial hub of Lahore, was part of a delegation of the Pakistan Poultry Association, which met food ministry officials to present their demand. The federal poultry board of the food ministry is to meet on May 9 to consider the tax-cut demand for the poultry business in the upcoming national budget due in mid-June."
Social
Reuters reported that WHO expert Hassan al-Bushra said:
Even now, we remain unsure about Tamiflu's real effectiveness. As for a vaccine, work cannot start on it until the emergence of a new virus, and we predict it would take six to nine months to develop it. For the moment, we cannot by any means count on a potential vaccine to prevent the spread of a contagious influenza virus, whose various precedents in the past 90 years have been highly pathogenic. However, it is crucial that countries in the Middle East invest and start developing their own research and technical facilities, where they can produce their own drugs when the time comes rather than wait to import expensive medicines from abroad at the risk of their population.
If a pandemic occurs, local response will be more important than national or international response, as every community will have its own resources swamped dealing with its own problems. International groups, nations, local governments, corporations, schools, and groups of all kinds have made plans and run drills to prepare for an H5N1 pandemic.
Online avian flu forums have received increasing attention. Self-help groups have organized to provide news and information about resources, aid and relief efforts in preparation for avian flu.
British reports warn that in response to an influenza pandemic local groups will not be able to rely on the armed forces, widespread infection could occur in days not months, an effective vaccine can not be counted on, and the huge death toll could swamp mortuaries so "A key point for local planning is likely to be the identification of potential sites for the location of facilities for the temporary storage of bodies".
Personal
Many individuals have stockpiled supplies (Tamiflu, food, water, etc.) for a possible flu pandemic.
Individuals have started web sites and companies using interest and ignorance in H5N1 to sell information, cures, and advertising space. Some even use concern over H5N1 to find victims for their malware.
A significant effect of H5N1 has been personal fear concerning the unknown, even by those most in-the-know. Dr. David Nabarro, chief avian flu coordinator for the United Nations, describes themselves as "quite scared"; says avian flu has too many unanswered questions; and if the disease starts spreading to humans, borders will close, airports will shut down, and travelers everywhere will be stranded. With evaluations of the threat ranging from those who say it is a hoax to those who warn of billions of humans dying, uncertainty and fear motivate personal behaviors around the world affecting many people even before the threat becomes reality.
Pop culture
The 1998 chart-topping hit song "One Week" by Barenaked Ladies includes the lines "Chickity China the Chinese chicken / Have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin'", a reference to the outbreaks of H5N1 in Hong Kong around the time the song was written.
Compared to annual flu season
The annual flu season deaths and costs caused by viruses other than H5N1 provide a point of contrast - something to compare against. According to the United States Government, the annual flu in the United States:
results in approximately 36,000 deaths and more than 200,000 hospitalizations each year. In addition to this human toll, influenza is annually responsible for a total cost of over $10 billion in the United States. A pandemic, or worldwide outbreak of a new influenza virus, could dwarf this impact by overwhelming our health and medical capabilities, potentially resulting in hundreds of thousands of deaths, millions of hospitalizations, and hundreds of billions of dollars in direct and indirect costs.
The New England Journal of Medicine reported that: "A study by the Congressional Budget Office estimates that the consequences of a severe pandemic could, in the United States, include 200 million people infected, 90 million clinically ill, and 2 million dead. The study estimates that 30 percent of all workers would become ill and 2.5 percent would die, with 30 percent of workers missing a mean of three weeks of work — resulting in a decrease in the gross domestic product of 5 percent. Furthermore, 18 million to 45 million people would require outpatient care, and economic costs would total approximately $675 billion." One study concludes that a pandemic that reduced the available dockworkers by 28% would cut the throughput capacity for containers arriving at American ports on the West coast by 45%.
See also
Bird flu in India
Fatal Contact: Bird Flu in America (2006 film)
Fujian flu
Influenza Genome Sequencing Project
International Partnership on Avian and Pandemic Influenza
Disease surveillance
Pandemic Severity Index
References
Influenza A virus subtype H5N1
Global health
Poultry farming
Anadhai Anandhan () is a 1970 Indian Tamil-language film directed by Krishnan–Panju and produced by Muthuvel Movies. It stars A. V. M. Rajan, Muthuraman, R. S. Manohar and Anjali Devi. The bond between the lead hero Jayalalithaa with the orphaned child played by Master Sekhar was the highlight of the film. The music was provided by K. V. Mahadevan. The film was simultaneously made in Hindi as Chanda Aur Bijli, which released earlier in 1969. It was a successful film on its release. This film was remade in Telugu as Akka Thamudu in 1972.
Plot
Cast
A. V. M. Rajan
Jayalalithaa
Nagesh
Master Sekhar
R. S. Manohar
R. Muthuraman
Anjali Devi
Jayakumari
T. K. Bagavathi
O. A. K. Thevar
Thengai Srinivasan
Pakoda Kadhar
Master Prabhakar
Vijaya Chandrika
Renuka
Soundtrack
The music was composed by K. V. Mahadevan.
Release
Anadhai Anandhan was released on 4 September 1970, and emerged a commercial success.
References
External links
1970 films
1970s Tamil-language films
AVM Productions films
Films directed by Krishnan–Panju
Films scored by M. S. Viswanathan
Tamil films remade in other languages
The Llibre del Coch, or Llibre de doctrina per a ben servir, de tallar y del art de coch cs (ço es) de qualsevol manera, potatges y salses compost per lo diligent mestre Robert coch del Serenissimo senyor Don Ferrando Rey de Napols, is a Catalan recipe book written around 1490 by Master Robert. Its earliest preserved printed edition is from 1520, published in Catalan in Barcelona. It includes mainly recipes from the Catalan cuisine of the time, some of them inherited from the Llibre de Sent Soví, and some from neighboring countries, such as the Occitan cuisine and the Italian cuisine, including traditions from different areas dominated by the Crown of Aragon, which at that time was spread to the northeastern Mediterranean, Southern Italy, Corsica and Sicily. Despite not including Castilian recipes, was also very successful in Castile, was translated into Spanish in 1525 and republished in this language several times. It is considered of great value for acquiring a good knowledge about the gastronomy of the Renaissance.
This book should not be confused with another lesser known work, which also deals about Catalan cuisine and is called Llibre del Coch o del Ventre de la Canonja de Tarragona, written in 1331 by Guillem Clergue, butler of Guerau de Rocabertí .
First editions
Llibre del Coch was the first cookbook published in Catalan using Gutenberg press. It is also previous to any cookbook printed in Spanish. A printed edition, printed on November 15, 1520, is preserved in the Biblioteca Nacional de Catalunya in Barcelona, being the oldest known copy extant. In the time of King Charles I it was requested its translation into Spanish and it was first published in this language in 1529 (or 1525 ) in Toledo . The same year, much of the text was plagiarised by Diego Granado in their book Arte de Cocina. Throughout the century at least another five editions were printed in Catalan and seven in Spanish,
There are clues for the printed book of 1520 being a copy of an older text: It is dedicated to King Ferdinand I of Naples, who was king of Naples between 1458 and 1494, and also, and above all, maintains the proportions of Lent preceding 1491. There is no mention at all of the foods forbidden by the Church during Lent, which from 1491 allowed the catholic people the consumption of dairy products (such as milk and cheese, for example) and eggs. In addition, the original ms. should have been written before Europe's contact with America in 1492, because it does not mention any products from the new continent.
Content
The book consists of more than two hundred chapters, and most of them (two hundred and thirty-six) correspond to recipes but, as its full title indicates, begins with chapters devoted to how to cut meat and they are followed by others teaching how to serve different people at the table, such as sharpening, serving water, acting as a butler, waiter, room teacher, cloakroom attendant, and so on. The last chapter, under the title "Table" contains an index.
In this book there is no recipe with mushrooms, so present and prized in today's Catalan cuisine. For some authors, this fact, could be explained as a prevention against possible poisonings. On the other hand, and as a novelty with respect to the Llibre de Sent Soví, there are already two recipes for rice, rice with meat broth and rice in a casserole in the oven, which could be the predecessors of rice in the casserole and the current rice and crust, representing the first rice dishes, as we now understand the rice dishes and paellas, described in writing about Catalan cuisine. There are eight recipes aimed specifically at patients. One of the Arabic recipes with an Arabic name, the alburnia, could be an ancient fig bread today, but with rose water, an ingredient, also of oriental influence, very common in this recipe and in the medieval cuisine of the Sent Soví. It includes two recipes explicitly titled "a la morisca" and others with a name that also specifies a foreign way of cooking, such as, for example: bona salsa francesa, torta a la genouesa xinxanelles a la veneciana or sopes a la lombarda, Only three recipes are specifying "a la catalana" (the Catalan way), perhaps due to a lack of awareness that the other recipes are also Catalan or because these recipes were known elsewhere with this qualifier. No recipe from Sent Soví has this label, although they are all Catalan.
In general, the Catalan cuisine before the introduction of the American aliments was not excessively different from the Roman cuisine. The ingredients used they were reduced, the mixes as well, prioritising the most esteemed and deleting some aliments and mixtures that today would seem us "a bit akward"; instead the amount of species was increased. The cooking and the table service got refined, showing the bases to serve to table, as it shows this book and others of the same period, for example the handwritten Com tayllaràs devant un senyor.
Author
We know, because it is written to the title of the book printed that the author was called "mestre Robert" and that they were cooked of the "king Ferran of Nàpols", but do not know whether they were born in Nola, to Noya, or some other place, "anybody knows who was this character", "native of Catalonia".
The chapter “De offici de mestre de Estable” ( that describes some obligations of the charge: "Master of horse keepers"), says very clearly:“E de aquesta materia nom curaré més de parlar-ne ara perquè en lo Llibre de Menescalia ja molt largament n'he parlat:...”(“.. about this matter I will be carefull of not speaking now because in the book of Menescalia I have already spoken very lengthily...”), therefore it is obvious to suppose that the author of the “Llibre del Coch,” and the author of the “Libre of Menescalia” should be the same person: mossen Manuel Dieç, butler of the king Alfons the Magnanimous; at later date, Mestre Robert de Nola (if they ever existed, for the name could be invented) would have copied the lost original ms., written by Manuel Dieç. (See folio VIIIr or in Wikitexts: Page: Llibre del Coch (1520) .djvu / 9 )
Comparison with the Llivre de Sent Soví
The llibre de Sent Soví is a 14th-century, famous Catalan recipes book, though not printed, but handwritten, with extant copies from that century . The author is unknown, since, unlike the of the Book of the Coch, the author does not sign the book. The differences in the type of cooking are not important. It knows that Robert of Nola they knew the llibre de Sent Soví and that they use some elements and recipes from it. As an innovation, for example, mestre Robert proposes sheep's milk in addition to the goat's milk in any recipe. Regarding the species, in general the libre de Sent Soví uses fewer species than the Book of the Coch. In the llibre de Sent Soví there are only Catalan recipes whereas the Llibre del Coch includes, recipes of neighbouring cultures like those from Italy, France or from Arab countries. but in any of the two books appears any Castilian recipe, even if the Llibre del Coch was so quickly translated to the Spanish language. In 1491 the Church decided that the Catholics could eat eggs and milk for Lent, but Robert of Nola was not aware of this, thus these ingredients are absent within the Lent's recipes of both books. The style of the Llibre del Coch is more literary. The llibre de Sent Soví was not announced to the public until the 20th century, whereas the Llibre del Coch was, in Josep Pla words, "a true bestseller", being translated very quickly to several languages and was considered "the book of cooking of the Renaissance".
Notes and references
Bibliography
Catalan medieval cuisine , Eliana Thibaut i Comalada, Cossetània Edicions, 2006 . ISBN 8497912160 (Catalan)
External links
Full text on the pages of the book Cervantes Virtual Library (Catalan)
Llibre de doctrina per a ben servir, de tallar y del art de coch... Transcription in modern letter, in Catalan of the time. (Catalan)
Gastronomy
Renaissance
The Calculus of Consent: Logical Foundations of Constitutional Democracy is a book published by economists James M. Buchanan and Gordon Tullock in 1962. It is considered to be one of the classic works from the discipline of public choice in economics and political science. This work presents the basic principles of public choice theory.
Overview
The analytical approach of the authors is based on methodological individualism - collective action is composed of individual actions and on the rejection of any organic interpretation of the state. A purely individualistic conception of collectivity is maintained: the state is an artifact, created by men and thus subject to change and perfection. Buchanan and Tullock maintain that only constitutional changes, which can be shown to be in the interest of all interested parties, can be judged as "improvements" and therefore consider conceptual unanimity as the only legitimate decision-making rule.
The authors analyze the traditional political science approach to voting systems, including majority voting as the standard as opposed to the unanimity rule. They show that none of those systems is perfect, since there is always a tradeoff:
a simple majority-based system imposes varying amounts of both external costs and decision-making costs
a unanimity-based system has little or no external costs, but considerable decision-making costs.
They conclude that decisions with potentially high external costs should require unanimity or at least supermajority systems.
While many political scientists define the political process as a system in which the policy decisions are viewed as a private interest vs. public interest struggle, Buchanan and Tullock suggest that the public interest is simply the aggregation of private decision makers.
They show that in classical political science theory, the "public interest" is always the correct choice with the same appeal to all voters, which may or may not be opposed by "special interests". But that theory ignores the fact that most choices appeal to many different "law consumers" with varying strengths. An illustrative example is a choice whether to increase funding for health care. Some voters will strongly support or oppose it, but many may not care at all.
They compare this to a market transaction, where the voters strongly desiring better health care could purchase the acceptance of the opposition and uninterested voters with concessions, resulting in an efficient allocation of resources, increasing the happiness of all parties (Pareto optimality). However the equivalent of this in the political realm is that politicians buy the votes of other politicians (or groups of special interest) by promising to vote for their issues. In the authors' opinion such log-rolling is to be expected, but in the traditional political science theory, it is anomalous. Thus their model explains certain things that the previous models of politics could not.
Employing the theoretical concepts of game theory and Pareto optimality, Buchanan and Tullock show that symmetry in benefits sharing may be at most a necessary, but never a sufficient condition for the attainment of a Pareto optimal position. The introduction of side payments is the crucial element, which would lead to optimality. In a sense the introduction of side payments creates marketable property rights of the individual political vote (Chapter 12).
Table of contents
Part I. The Conceptual Framework
1. Introduction
2. The Individualistic Postulate (includes topics such as methodological individualism)
3. Politics and the Economic Nexus
4. Individual Rationality in Social Choice (includes topics such as Rational choice theory and Social choice)
Part II. The Realm of Social Choice
5. The Organization of Human Activity
6. A Generalized Economic Theory of Constitutions (includes topics such as Constitutional economics)
7. The Rule of Unanimity (includes topics such as Unanimity)
8. The Costs of Decision-Making
Part III. Analyses of Decision-Making Rules
9. The Structure of the Models
10. Simple Majority Voting (includes topics such as Simple Majority Voting)
11. Simple Majority Voting and the Theory of Games (includes topics such as game theory)
12. Majority Rule, Game Theory, and Pareto Optimality (includes topics such as majority rule and Pareto optimality)
13. Pareto Optimality, External Costs, and Income Redistribution (includes topics such as Pareto optimality and income redistribution)
14. The Range and Extent of Collective action (includes topics such as Collective action)
15. Qualified Majority Voting Rules, Representation, and the Interdependence of Constitutional Variables (includes topics such as Qualified Majority Voting and Political representation)
16. The Bicameral Legislature (Bicameralism)
17. The Orthodox Model of Majority Rule (includes topics such as Majority rule)
Part IV. The Economics and the Ethics of Democracy
18. Democracy, Ethics, and Economic Efficiency (includes topics such as Democracy, Ethics, and Economic efficiency)
19. Pressure groups, Special interests, and the Constitution (includes topics such as Advocacy group, Lobby group, and the Constitution)
20. The Politics of the Good Society
Appendix 1 Marginal Notes on Reading Political Philosophy (Political philosophy)
Appendix 2 Theoretical Forerunners
References
Further reading
Kenneth Arrow, Social Choice and Individual Values (1963), p. 120 (source for Arrow's defense of transitivity over unanimity).
1962 non-fiction books
Economics books
Public choice theory
Books about public opinion
Collaborative non-fiction books
Robert Dobson Millner (born 4 September 1950) is an Australian corporate executive.  They are the chairperson of Washington H. Soul Pattinson, Australia's second oldest publicly-listed corporation, and the chairperson of New Hope Coal, Brickworks Limited, Choiseul Investments and NBN Television.
Biography
After leaving Newington College they worked as a stockbroker for two years. From 1970 until 1983 they farmed in Cowra, New South Wales and in 1984 joined the family business, Washington H. Soul Pattinson, as a director. In 1997, they were appointed deputy chairperson of the company and since 1999 they have been Chairman of the company.
Net worth
References
People educated at Newington College
Australian businesspeople
People from Sydney
Living people
1950 births
Australian billionaires
Stuart Williams (born 28 June 1981 in Ellesmere Port) is an English professional ten-pin bowler who has won titles in nine countries.  They are one of the most active touring players in the sport.  They are known to their followers by the nickname "Beef Stu". While in England, Williams, along with store owner and father Dave, ran MCS Bowling, a pro shop at Chester Megabowl. Williams now resides in Pflugerville, Texas, USA.  They are a member of the Roto Grip pro staff.
Amateur career
Williams won England's Crown Green Bowls national junior championship at age 14. They have been a member of six Weber Cup championships with Team Europe.
European Bowling Tour
Williams has 6 EBT titles to their name, including the City of Barcelona title in 2003 (his first ever European ranking event), the Brunswick Aalborg International in 2004, and the Ebonite Luxembourg Open in 2006.
Williams triumphed in the 2007 World Ranking Masters, defeating Peter Ljung from Sweden 2-1 (233-236, 235-224, 269-240) in the best of three final. Williams had qualified in third position, and also eliminated David O'Sullivan (U.S.) in the quarterfinals, and Thomas Gross (Austria) in the semifinals. They won the EBT Masters championship in 2016, defeating Sweden's Jesper Svensson in the final match.
PBA Tour
On May 31, 2009, Williams earned an exemption for the U.S. PBA Tour by finishing 6th at the PBA Tour Trials in Allen Park, MI (USA). This made them the first bowler from the United Kingdom to compete full-time on the PBA Tour.
On November 18, 2011, Williams won their first PBA title in the Bayer Viper Open, part of that season's World Series of Bowling. In doing so, they became the first player from England to win a title on the standard PBA Tour in North America. After a drought of nearly seven years, they won the PBA Tulsa Open on October 20, 2018 for their second PBA Tour title.
Williams also has three PBA Regional Tour titles and has rolled ten 300 games in PBA events.
Personal
Williams is married to Tina Stickney, who was a collegiate bowler at Texas A&M University. The couple has one child, son Brady (b. 2016). Stuart states their favorite sport is cricket, while their favorite U.S. sport is American football (favorite team: New England Patriots).
References
External links
Super Series Profile
British ten-pin bowling players
Living people
1981 births
Out (also known as Deadly Drifter) is a 1982 satirical drama film directed by Eli Hollander. The film is based on Ronald Sukenick's 1973 novel Out. It stars Peter Coyote, O-Lan Jones, and Danny Glover. The movie tells the tale of Rex (Coyote) roaming the U.S. doing various assignments for a mysterious group of "urban guerrillas" they call "Our Friends". In each meeting the person or persons designated "It" carries a hidden stick of dynamite. Director Eli Hollander summarizes the film, "A subtitle of it could be 'From Yippie to Yuppie'. And the '80s are certainly the age of yuppies. The film does kind of chronicle the history of the transformation from the '60s into the '80s."
Synopsis
The film is about a team, known as "Our Friends", searching for the "Old Man", who is dying. Their trip across the U.S. takes many twists and turns along the way, as is depicted through the eyes of the main character, Rex/Harrold, who ultimately questions society. Whales are part of their ultimate revelation.
Structure
The film is structured in a 10 part journey/road film across America from the East to the West. The characters appear and disappear, morphing into other personalities and often using lines from previous scenes, thus the film, though linear, is a cyclic story. The movie was immortalized by O-Lan Jones's heartrending lines "allow simmer" and "you can't have the schleung".
Cast
Peter Coyote as Rex
O-Lan Shepard as Nixie / Dinah
Jim Haynie as Carl / Tommy / Optometrist
Grandfather Semu Haute as Empty Fox
Scott Beach as Sailor
Danny Glover as Jojo / Roland
Michael Grodenchik as Arnold / Boy
Gail Dartez as Trixie / Girl
References
External links
"Out in Plain Sight", Brett Taylor, Paracinema #11, December 2011.
1982 films
American independent films
Films based on American novels
Troma Entertainment films
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād and Abasabad) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,683, in 1,373 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Raymond Hills is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County, northeast of Ohio. Honnedaga Lake is located north of the elevation.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Rock the Faces is an EP record by the band The Hong Kong. It was released in 2003.
Track listing
"Mazerati" – 3:12
"Galaxies" – 2:48
"Birds" – 3:07
"Rock The Faces" – 3:22
"Super Collider" – 3:09
"Disappear" – 1:54
"All That Empty Space" – 3:08
"It's On" – 4:02
References
2003 EPs
The Hong Kong EPs
March for a Better Way was a demonstration held in Dublin on Saturday 27 November 2010 at 11:30 am. Organised by the Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU), it followed Ireland's admission of the EU/ECB/IMF troika.
The demonstration was one of the largest to ever take place in Ireland, with an estimated 100,000 people in attendance.
The Irish Independent described it as the largest trade union march of 2010.
The march route was from Wood Quay to the General Post Office on O'Connell Street and 50,000 people participated.
See also
2010 student protest in Dublin
References
Post-2008 Irish economic downturn
2010 in Ireland
Brian Cowen
Protests in the Republic of Ireland
Protest marches
The ashy tit (Melaniparus cinerascens) is a species of bird in the family Paridae. It is found in Angola, Botswana, Namibia, South Africa, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and dry savanna.
The ashy tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
References
External links
Ashy tit - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
ashy tit
Birds of Southern Africa
ashy tit
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
was a captain in the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service. They were killed during the Battle of Guadalcanal.
From 9 December 1941, they commanded the Japanese occupation of the Gilbert Islands, on Makin.
Shigetoshi Miyazaki was the commander of the Yokohama Air Group during the Battle of Guadalcanal. Their air group was stationed on Tulagi, an area near to the island. Then the United States invaded, they were in charge of the air defenses. They were close friends with the commander of the Guadalcanal defenses, General Harukichi Hyakutake, and Hyakutake approved their plans to build Henderson Field in the Lunga area in order to support the Japanese New Guinea campaign. On May 18, 1942, they first inspected the Lunga Plain on Guadalcanal - or "Guadarukanaru" as the Japanese called the island, and pronounced it a fit place to establish an airfield on which to base the Mitsubishi G4M1 bomber, later code-named "Betty" by the Allies.
On May 27, 1942, Miyazaki and their engineers created a wildfire to clear the grasses of the Lunga Area in order to construct the airfield. On August 7, the Americans invaded Guadalcanal and Miyazaki had to cope with the marines, so they signaled Captain Sadayoshi Yamada in New Britain, telling them that the troops would fight to the last man and that they destroyed their papers. Fighting as an infantryman, Miyazaki was gunned down by US marines.
References
from the Dead: Guadalcanal - A Historical Novel
1942 deaths
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
Year of birth missing
Deaths by firearm
Kim Joo-hee (Hangul: 김주희, born June 30, 1981) is a South Korean beauty pageant Miss Korea titleholder and former Seoul Broadcasting System announcer. They represented their country at the Miss Universe 2006 pageant.
Miss Korea 2005
Kim Joo-hee has been crowned Miss Korea 2005 in an event held at the Grand Hilton Hotel in Seoul on 30 June 2005 beating out 53 other contestants.
Miss Universe 2006
Kim Joo-hee represented South Korea in the Miss Universe 2006 pageant held on 23 July 2006, held in Los Angeles, California, USA.
See also
Miss Korea
Seoul Broadcasting System
References
External links
Kim Joo-hee at Miss Korea website
Kim Joo-hee at SBS Announcer website
1981 births
Living people
Miss Universe 2006 contestants
People from Seoul
Miss Korea winners
South Korean announcers
South Korean television presenters
South Korean women television presenters
Yonsei University alumni
Flexibacter is a genus of bacteria consisting of some seventeen strains (or species), known for their yellow hue.
Etymology: L. part. adj. flexus (from. L. v. flecto), bent, winding; N.L. masc. n. bacter, rod; N.L. masc. n. Flexibacter, intended to mean flexible rod.
References
Cytophagia
Bacteria genera
Roderick Cox may refer to:
Roderick Cox (conductor), African American conductor
Roderick H. Cox (1911–2000), American athlete, educator and environmentalist
Luise Erhard ( Lotter; formerly Schuster; 18 April 1893 – 9 July 1975) was a German economist and the wife of Ludwig Erhard, former Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Biography
Luise Lotter was born in Langenzenn and later moved to Fürth; they lived in the same neighborhood as their future husband Ludwig Erhard and was friends with their sister. In 1914, they married Friedrich Schuster, a lawyer, but they were killed a year later while serving in the First World War. They encountered Erhard again while studying business management and accounting in Nuremberg in 1919, and they married in 1923. Luise had a daughter from their first marriage, Eleanore, and had a second daughter, Elizabeth, with Erhard.
Although they were an accomplished economist in their own right, Luise Erhard placed their career on hold in order to support their husband's political career. Ludwig Erhard served as Chancellor from 1963 until 1966. A 1964 profile in The New York Times noted that "In matters of economics, Luise Erhard, it is said, is one of the German Chancellor's most valued counselors. ... Whatever advice they give remains private. They prefer homemaking to public life."
References
1893 births
1975 deaths
Spouses of chancellors of Germany
German economists
German women economists
People from Fürth
People from Langenzenn
Diocese of Concepción may refer to the following ecclesiastical jurisdictions:
Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción, Argentina
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Concepción, Chile
Anglican Diocese of Concepción in Chile
Roman Catholic Diocese of Concepción en Paraguay, in Paraguay
Coon Rapids–Bayard Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Coon Rapids, Iowa.
The district serves Coon Rapids and Bayard. Portions of the district are in Carroll, Guthrie, Greene, and Audubon counties.
The district was established on July 1, 1988, by the merger of the Bayard and Coon Rapids school districts.
Schools
Coon Rapids–Bayard Elementary School
Coon Rapids–Bayard Secondary School
Coon Rapids–Bayard Secondary School
Athletics
The Crusaders compete in the Rolling Valley Conference in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball (boys and girls)
Cross-country (boys and girls)
Football
Softball
Track and field (boys and girls)
Volleyball
Wrestling
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
Coon Rapids–Bayard Community School District
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
Education in Carroll County, Iowa
Education in Greene County, Iowa
Education in Guthrie County, Iowa
Education in Audubon County, Iowa
1988 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1988
Vinko Begović (born October 2, 1948) is a Croatian football manager and former player.
Managerial career
They have previously served as head coach of several clubs namely Foolad, Persepolis and Pegah Gilan of Iran, and Al-Wasl of the UAE. They were also manager of the Iran national under-23 football team for a short period in 2007. From December 2012 to March 2013, they were also assistant coach at Persepolis and also head coach of Persepolis B for three months.
Sources
1948 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Split, Croatia
Association footballers not categorized by position
Yugoslav footballers
HNK Hajduk Split players
FK Sloga Kraljevo players
FK Radnički 1923 players
RNK Split players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav football managers
Croatian football managers
RNK Split managers
HNK Šibenik managers
Foolad F.C. managers
Persepolis F.C. managers
Al-Wasl F.C. managers
Pas Hamedan F.C. managers
Aluminium Hormozgan F.C. managers
Sanat Mes Kerman F.C. managers
Mes Rafsanjan F.C. managers
Gol Gohar Sirjan F.C. managers
Croatian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Persian Gulf Pro League managers
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 400 metre individual medley event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Tuesday 13 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 400m Individual Medley (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 400m Individual Medley (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 400m Individual Medley (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 400m Individual Medley (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
Manuel Giúdice (15 July 1918 – 27 June 1983) was an Argentine football player and manager.  They are mainly known for their successful managing spell at the helm of the Argentine powerhouse Club Atlético Independiente in the mid-1960s.
Career
Born in Córdoba, Giúdice first started playing at several clubs in their home town. In 1939 they transferred to the Buenos Aires-based Club Atlético Huracán and joined a team that featured Emilio Baldonedo, Herminio Masantonio, and Carlos Marinelli and that finished third in the 1939 Argentine top level season. The same team won the Copa Adrián C. Escobar in 1942 and 1943 and the George VI British Competition Cup in 1944.
In 1945 Giúdice joined River Plate, with players such as Aristóbulo Deambrosi, Alfredo Di Stéfano, José Manuel Moreno, and Ángel Labruna. River Plate won the Argentine championship in 1945.
In 1947 they left River Plate to join Club Atlético Platense, but following a 1948 players' strike, which forced many of the great figures of Argentine football to emigrate to other countries, Giúdice moved on to Colombia and signed for Deportivo Cali in 1949. They ended their playing career in 1951.
They then turned to coaching and successfully managed Independiente, leading them national league titles in 1963 and 1970. In 1968, they led Vélez Sarsfield to the Argentine championship; it was the club's first national title. Their greatest success was winning the 1964 and 1965 Copa Libertadores cups, also finishing as runners-up in the 1964 and 1964 Intercontinental Cups, losing both times to Inter Milan, at the time coached by fellow Argentine Helenio Herrera.
In their later years they coached Nueva Chicago and Atlético Tucumán in the Argentine second level.
Honours
As a player
River Plate
Argentine Primera División: 1945
As a manager
Independiente
Argentine Primera División: 1963
Copa Libertadores: 1964, 1965
Vélez Sarsfield
Argentine Primera División: 1968
References
1918 births
1983 deaths
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Argentine footballers
Argentine football managers
Argentine Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Deportivo Cali footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Club Atlético Huracán managers
Club Atlético Independiente managers
Rosario Central managers
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield managers
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Córdoba, Argentina
Darbehesht () is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Hallways is the fifth studio album by Queens, New York rapper Homeboy Sandman. It was released on September 2, 2014 by Stones Throw Records.
Critical reception
In a review for Cuepoint, Robert Christgau said Homeboy Sandman's perspective on "America, the Beautiful" was refreshing "from a man who's always been as class-conscious as alt-rap gets", while "Personal Ad" deeming "a sex boast few this side of Jay-Z would have the cool or balls to pull off".
Track listing
References
External links
2014 albums
Homeboy Sandman albums
Stones Throw Records albums
Albums produced by DJ Spinna
Albums produced by Oh No (musician)
Albums produced by J57
Albums produced by Knxwledge
VBA32 (Virus Block Ada 32) is antivirus software from the vendor VirusBlokAda for personal computers running Microsoft Windows. It detects and neutralizes computer viruses, computer worms, Trojan horses and other malware (backdoors, adware, spyware, etc.) in real time and on demand.
VBA32 is used as one of the antivirus engines at VirusTotal.
VirusBlokAda
VirusBlokAda is an antivirus software vendor established in 1997 in Belarus. In 2010 it discovered Stuxnet, the first malware that attacks supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems.
The program
In 2009 Judit Papp assessed that its VBA32 Antivirus product could detect 26 percent of unknown malware, compared to 67 percent detected by Avira's Antivir Premium and 8 percent detected by MicroWorld's eScan Anti-Virus.
See also
Antivirus software
Comparison of antivirus software
Comparison of computer viruses
References
External links
Antivirus software
Lamar Christopher Campbell (born August 29, 1976), nicknamed Soup, is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). They also served as the Vice President of Player Engagement of the Chicago Bears from 2015 to 2022.
Campbell was born and grew up in Chester, Pennsylvania, a suburb of Philadelphia. They attended the University of Wisconsin from 1994 to 1998 and, with a Degree in history, they left the university and signed as a free agent with the NFL Detroit Lions. They played with the Lions from 1998 to 2004.
After the NFL, they went on to intern in the Detroit Lions Scouting Department. During this period, Campbell fell in love with the aspect of Player Development and realized the opportunities available to advance their career after their professional football days were over. After becoming a licensed real estate broker in Atlanta, Campbell then took advantage of the prestigious Wharton School of Business Real Estate Program and the Sports Business Initiative Program offered by the NFL Player Development and studied real estate development and planning. In 2007, Campbell opened their own real estate company in Atlanta – The Success of Real Estate LLC.
In January 2022, Campbell was involved with a committee of Bears staffers to select the new general manager and head coach, which ultimately led to the hiring of Ryan Poles and Matt Eberflus, respectively. Ironically, on July 1, 2022, Campbell was fired by the Bears.
References
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Chester, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
American football cornerbacks
Wisconsin Badgers football players
Detroit Lions players
Edi Sedyawati (born Malang, 28 October 1938) is an Indonesian archeologist and historian.  They are a professor of archeology at the University of Indonesia, Chairperson of the university's Department of Javanese Letters and Center for Humanities and Social Sciences and also Chair of the Department of Dance at the Jakarta Institute for Arts. They also served as Indonesia's Director General of Culture in the Ministry of Education and Culture from 1993 to 1999.
Sedyawati studied various forms of Indonesian dance in Ikatan Seni Tari Indonesia, and in 1961 they performed in the Indonesian culture mission to China, North Korea, North Vietnam, and the USSR. Although the primary purpose of the culture mission was soft diplomacy to Indonesia's allies, in 2006 Sedyawati wrote in a reflection that the performers primarily benefitted by networking with Indonesians from diverse cultural backgrounds and learning about the various styles of dance and performance art in the archipelago.
In 1960, Sedyawati's work on dating carved statues near Karawang contributed toward proving that the ancient Tarumanagara kingdom embraced Hinduism.
References
Indonesian archaeologists
Indonesian female dancers
Indonesian women academics
University of Indonesia faculty
Indonesian women archaeologists
People from Malang
Living people
1938 births
Akeem Spence (born November 29, 1991) is an American football defensive tackle for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). They were drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round of the 2013 NFL Draft. They played college football at Illinois.
Early years
Spence was born in Navarre, Florida. They attended Fort Walton Beach High School, and played for the Fort Walton Beach Vikings high school football team. They recorded 80 tackles and five sacks as a senior and helped lead team to a 10-2 record and district championship. Posted 67 tackles, 16 tackles for loss and two sacks in 2007 as a junior. Rated as a three-star recruit by Rivals.com, they accepted an athletic scholarship from the University of Illinois over offers from Iowa State and Syracuse.
College career
While attending the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign, Spence played for the Illinois Fighting Illini football team from 2009 to 2012. After redshirting in 2009, they started all 13 games at defensive tackle alongside All-American Corey Liuget. They had 45 tackles, four tackles for a loss, one quarterback sacks, two hurries and one fumble recovery on the season. In 2011, they started all 13 games on the season, they finished ranked fourth on the team with 69 tackles on the season, including 5.5 tackles for a loess and 1.5 sacks. As a redshirt junior, they started all 12 games in 2012 and started all 38 games of their college career at defensive tackle. They ranked third on the team in tackles with 72 and tied for second on team with 7.0 tackles for a loss and had one sack.
Spence announced on December 19, 2012 that they would forgo their senior season and enter the NFL Draft.
Professional career
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
On April 27, 2013, Spence was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the fourth round (100th overall pick) of the 2013 NFL Draft. The Buccaneers signed them to a rookie contract on May 15, 2013. Spence signed their contract on May 15, 2013, a four-year deal that's worth $2,644,424. Spence collected a $484,424 signing bonus.
On December 26, 2015, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers placed Spence on injured reserve.
Detroit Lions
On March 10, 2017, Spence signed a three-year, $9 million contract with the Detroit Lions. They started 11 games during the 2017 season, recording 39 tackles, three sacks and a forced fumble. Spence was named the 2017 recipient of the Detroit Lions Media-Friendly Good Guy Award by the Detroit chapter of the PFWA and Detroit Sports Media.
Miami Dolphins
On May 3, 2018, Spence was traded to the Miami Dolphins for a conditional 2019 seventh round pick, previously acquired from the Browns in a trade for Jarvis Landry.
On August 27, 2019, Spence was released from the Miami Dolphins.
Philadelphia Eagles
Spence signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on September 10, 2019. They were released after playing in six games on October 21, 2019.
Jacksonville Jaguars
On October 25, 2019, Spence was signed by the Jacksonville Jaguars.
New England Patriots
On November 21, 2020, the New England Patriots signed Spence to their practice squad. They were elevated to the active roster on November 28 for the team's week 12 game against the Arizona Cardinals, and reverted to the practice squad after the game. On December 5, 2020, Spence was promoted to the active roster.
On August 31, 2021, Spence was released by the Patriots.
Washington Football Team
On December 16, 2021, Spence signed with the Washington Football Team. They were waived on December 24.
Denver Broncos
On December 28, 2021, Spence was signed to the Denver Broncos practice squad. Their contract expired when the teams season ended on January 8, 2022.
San Francisco 49ers
On August 1, 2022, Spence was signed by the San Francisco 49ers. They were released on August 30, 2022 and signed to the practice squad the next day.
Personal life
On January 14, 2014, Spence was arrested in Flomaton, Alabama on charges of misdemeanor marijuana possession. They were later suspended one game by the NFL for the incident. During the 2017 NFL season, Spence participated in a protest during the national anthem. Following this, they reported that their father, a contractor, was denied work due to their protest.
References
External links
Tampa Bay Buccaneers bio
Illinois profile
1991 births
Living people
Navarre, Florida
American football defensive tackles
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
People from Fort Walton Beach, Florida
Players of American football from Florida
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Detroit Lions players
Miami Dolphins players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
New England Patriots players
Washington Football Team players
Denver Broncos players
San Francisco 49ers players
Everything Sucks! is an American comedy-drama streaming television series created by Ben York Jones and Michael Mohan that parodies teen culture of the mid-1990s. Ten half-hour episodes were ordered by Netflix and the series was released on February 16, 2018. The series is set in the real-life town of Boring, Oregon in 1996, and focuses on a group of teenagers who attend the fictional Boring High School as they proceed to make a movie together while dealing with issues such as finding their sexualities, mental health, and growing up.
On April 6, 2018, it was announced that Netflix had cancelled the series after one season.
Plot
Everything Sucks! revolves around students at Boring High School in Oregon in 1996; centering around the A/V Club, and the Drama Club, with both groups seen as misfits. Luke O'Neil is a first-year student at Boring, along with their best friends, McQuaid, a pessimistic geek, and Tyler Bowen, a squeaky-voiced, immature teen. Immediately, the boys are seen as social outcasts and join the A/V Club, where Luke develops a crush on Kate Messner, the principal's daughter and a sophomore at Boring. Kate, however, starts questioning their sexuality and develops a crush on drama student Emaline Addario, who is dating fellow drama student Oliver Schermerhorn. However, Kate starts dating Luke after rumors of them being gay are spread around the school.
When an accidental destruction of the sets, inadvertently caused by Kate, causes the play to be cancelled, Luke and their friends suggest the A/V Club and Drama Club make a movie together, which would then be screened to the whole high school. Meanwhile, Luke deals with discovering VHS tapes that their father made before leaving them and their mother years prior. Throughout the season, Luke's mother, Sherry, begins to grow close to Ken Messner, Kate's father and the principal of Boring, and Kate is struggling with their identity and sexuality, Tyler struggles with their friends' interest in girls, and McQuaid develops a crush on Emaline, only to be rejected.
Cast
Main cast
Jahi Di'Allo Winston as Luke O'Neil, a first-year student in A/V club who has a crush on Kate Messner. Their father, Leroy, abandoned them and their mother when they were a child.
Peyton Kennedy as Kate Messner, the daughter of the principal and a sophomore in A/V club. They start questioning their sexuality and develops a crush on Emaline Addario.
Patch Darragh as Ken Messner, the principal and Kate's dad who starts to connect with Sherry, Luke's mother. Their wife, Kate's mother, died when Kate was five.
Claudine Mboligikpelani Nako as Sherry O'Neil, Luke's mother and a flight attendant who starts to become romantically close to Ken
Quinn Liebling as Tyler Bowen, a first-year student in A/V club and one of Luke's best friends. They have ADHD and dyslexia.
Elijah Stevenson as Oliver Schermerhorn, a senior in drama club and Emaline's boyfriend, who eventually runs away to New York
Sydney Sweeney as Emaline Addario, a junior in drama club and Oliver's ex-girlfriend with a flair for drama
Rio Mangini as McQuaid, a first-year student in A/V club, one of Luke's best friends
Recurring cast
Abi Brittle as Leslie, a religious member of A/V club, who is friends with Kate and later develops a crush on Tyler
Jalon Howard as Cedric, a member of the drama club
Connor Muhl as Scott Pocket, a pervy student who reads the morning announcements with Jessica
Nicole McCullough as Jessica Betts, a perfectionist who reads the morning announcements with Scott
Ben York Jones as Mr. Stargrove, the quirky A/V club teacher
Guest stars
Zachary Ray Sherman as Leroy O'Neil, Luke's father who left when they were 7 years old
Jen Taylor as Miss Stock, a teacher of Boring High School
Episodes
Production
Filming for the series took place in Oregon in the towns of Boring, Oregon City, Portland and at Fort Rock State Natural Area near Bend in summer 2017. The crew managed to film in a real Blockbuster in Sandy which eventually closed after they finished shooting.
Reception
Everything Sucks! received positive reviews from critics. Rotten Tomatoes gave the first season an approval rating of 72% based on 47 reviews, and an average rating of 6.1/10. The site's critical consensus states, "A flawed series that ticks off all the nostalgia boxes, Everything Sucks! still manages to tug at the heartstrings." Metacritic gave the first season a weighted average score of 62 out of 100 based on reviews from 19 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". The series is frequently compared to Stranger Things, Freaks and Geeks, as well as Degrassi.
Everything Sucks!, although well received, was criticized for its over-the-top use of tropes, sometimes unrealistic situations, as well as not developing its supporting characters. However, the coming out storyline and the performances of the ensemble cast, particularly Winston and Kennedy, received much praise. Emine Saner from The Guardian wrote that the creators "took the idea of nostalgia and teenhood so far they just ended up repeating tropes", however praised Kate's storyline as well as Winston and Kennedy's performances. On the other hand, Jen Chaney of Vulture gave Everything Sucks! a positive review, praising its "treatment of its young characters", and once again, praised Kennedy and Winston's performances. However, they did criticize some dialogue choices, some of the music, and the underdeveloped supporting characters. Caroline Framke of Vox said, that it "takes too long to figure out its twist on a typical coming-of-age romance. But once it gets there, it's great" and gave particular praise to Kate's storyline.
References
External links
2010s American comedy-drama television series
2010s American high school television series
2010s American LGBT-related comedy television series
2010s American LGBT-related drama television series
2010s American romantic comedy television series
2010s American teen drama television series
2010s romantic drama television series
2018 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
American romantic drama television series
English-language television shows
English-language Netflix original programming
Television series about teenagers
Television series set in 1996
Television shows filmed in Oregon
Television shows set in Oregon
Coming-of-age television shows
Mithun is another name for the gayal.
Mithun, Midhun or Mithen or Mrithun can also refer to:
Organisations
Mithun, Inc, an American integrated design firm
Mithun Agency, an American advertising agency
People
Given name
Mithun Ali (born 1990), Bangladeshi cricketer
Mithun Chakraborty (born 1950), Hindi movie actor
Mithun Chowdhury (born 1989), Bangladeshi footballer
Mithun Manhas (born 1979), Indian cricketer
Mithun Tejaswi, Indian actor
Surname
Anthony Mithen
Laurie Mithen
Marianne Mithun (born 1946), scholar of American Indian languages
Steven Mithen
Other
Mithun, one of the names of the Hindu god Krishna
Mithuna (month), a month in Hindu calendars.
See also
Maithuna, the Sanskrit term for sexual union
GameHouse is a casual game developer, publisher, digital video game distributor, and portal, based in Seattle, Washington, United States. It is a division of RealNetworks.
GameHouse distributes casual games for PC and Mac computers, as well as for mobile devices such as phones and tablets (on both iOS (iTunes) and Android (Google Play and the Amazon Appstore)).
GameHouse offers 2,300+ online and downloadable games, consisting of both in-house produced titles (such as the Delicious series) and third party games.
History
GameHouse was founded by Ben Exworthy and Garr Godfrey in 1998.
The first downloadable game developed by the company was Collapse!, a game similar to SameGame. In 2003, company revenues topped $10 million ($5.5 million net). In 2004, GameHouse was acquired by RealNetworks for $14.6 million cash and about 3.3 million RNWK shares, then estimated at $21 million.
After the acquisition, the GameHouse studio continued operations as a developer, while its games were distributed via RealNetworks, and the GameHouse game portal continued to operate alongside the RealArcade gaming service.
On November 3, 2009, RealArcade had announced they are merging with GameHouse to create a large distribution platform. Such plans include migrating the accounts of users from RealArcade, offering discounts and special offers to GamePass members and new social community opportunities. The merger was completed on November 13. As a result, all customers visiting the RealArcade website are redirected to Gamehouse.com. By 2010, RealArcade Mobile was rebranded as GameHouse.
Locations
GameHouse's main offices are in Eindhoven, the Netherlands. The company also has studios in Barcelona and Alicante (Spain). GameHouse has been working on developing their own original story games such as the Delicious series and Zylom. In collaboration with Blue Giraffe, it launched Delicious: Emily's Christmas Carol in December 2016. The company continues to release multiple story-driven time management games per year on mobile while maintaining Zylom and GameHouse websites on which they publish games by other developers too.
Zylom is part of the Gamehouse Studios Europe which operate the main GameHouse properties globally.
RealArcade
RealArcade (Formerly RealOne Arcade) was a gaming service run by RealNetworks that sold casual-style computer games to individual users. Its purpose was to let users download demo versions of games, and optionally buy the full versions.
Sales model
RealArcade distributes games on a time-limited demo basis. Each game downloaded has a trial time of 60 minutes unless differently specified by each publisher. Once the trial time expires, users are required either to uninstall the game from their computer or to purchase the full version of the game. Users can also subscribe to a RealNetworks service called GamePass. For a monthly fee, it offers a free ownership of a single game of their choice per month at no additional fees and $5.00 off each game purchase.
References
External links
RealArcade Games Preservation Project archive
1998 establishments in Washington (state)
2004 mergers and acquisitions
Browser-based game websites
Companies based in Seattle
Mobile game companies
Online-only retailers of video games
RealNetworks
Video game companies established in 1998
Video game companies of the United States
Video game development companies
Ashington Colliery Junction railway station served the town of Ashington, Northumberland, England from 1871 to 1878 on the York, Newcastle and Berwick Railway.
History
The station opened in December 1871 by the North Eastern Railway. The station was situated at the junction line with the mineral line to Ashington Colliery. There was no road access nearby so the station must have been used for railway staff or colliery workers. In 1877 the only train to call at the station was at 3:30pm on Saturdays. The last train to call was in August 1878 and the station closed in September 1878. In June 1878 a station called 'Hirst' had opened on the Newbiggin Branch. This must have obsoleted Ashington Colliery Junction due to them being only 100 yards apart from each other.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Northumberland
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1871
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1878
1871 establishments in England
Kings Landing is a New Brunswick, living history museum with original buildings from the period of 1820-1920. It was created around buildings that were saved and moved to make way for the headpond for the Mactaquac Dam.
Although Kings Landing is not and never was a real village, New Brunswick and the areas surrounding Prince William were primarily settled by Anglo-American Loyalists from the Thirteen Colonies, who were called the United Empire Loyalists in Canada; Scottish, Irish and English immigrants were early settlers as well. It is approximately 40 km west of Fredericton, New Brunswick in the community of Lower Prince William.
Kings Landing is a representation of rural New Brunswick during the 19th and early 20th century. It is not a replica of an actual village, but a collection of salvaged or recreated buildings from around the Mactaquac headpond and other locations around New Brunswick. With few exceptions, all the historical buildings on the site have been moved and remodelled to specific years in their history. The project was originally started in the late 1960s and continues to the present day, as new buildings are being added every few years.
Interpretation
While the collection and preservation of artifacts is a major part of daily business, Kings Landing is first and foremost a living museum. The principle is simple: "Tell them and they'll forget. Show them and they'll remember. Involve them and they'll understand". Costumed interpreters with extensive knowledge of their area - and often more than one area - bring the site to life for the visitors. Interpretation on site ranges from simple explanations of household objects to complete demonstrations of period activities.
Structures and exhibits
More than a dozen houses, most of which are original buildings, are gathered on site. In the houses, employees welcome visitors, go about daily chores, cook period meals and create period crafts, all while in costumes appropriate to the time period of their area.
There are also "trades" buildings: these are the shops and businesses that the local men would have owned and operated, many of which would have required a period of apprenticeship/training for those employed there. Examples would be the Print Shop, Sash and Door Factory, Gorham's Carpenter Shop, Dennin's Blacksmith Shop, etc.
Being a living museum, these buildings are kept in working order whenever possible and, in some case, artisans provide goods and services for other parts of the village and for sale in the shops. The complex has a number of barns, and appropriate livestock to go with them. This ranges from chickens and geese to large work horses and oxen. The animals are kept on site not only for show, but also for practical purposes. For example, the chickens give eggs, the cows produce milk, and the horses are used to pull wagons for the visitors from one end of the village to the other.
List of locations at Kings Landing
Welcome Centre
Children's Play Park
Heritage Gallery
Summer Stage
C.B. Ross Factory Gallery & Workshop
Gordon Gallery
The Hagerman House
The Joslin Farm
The Jones Farm
Sawmill
Gristmill
King's Head Inn Restaurant & Pub
The Lint House
The Blacksmith
Ox Barn
The Long House
St. Mark's Church (Anglican)
Carpenter Shop
The Heustis House
The Fisher House
The Donaldson House
The Ingraham House
The Morehouse Farm
The Grant Store
The Perley House
Parish School
The Peddler's Market (Gift Shop)
The Killeen Cabin
Riverside Presbyterian Church
The Print Shop
Axe and Plough Café
Special events
Every few weekends, there are what are known as Special Events. These are often recreations of specific events in New Brunswick's history. They normally correspond to a particular date, or time of the year. For example, around and on July the 1st, the Confederation Debate features Charles Fisher and William Needham as portrayed by actors. Visitors get a taste of the controversy surrounding the formation of Canada. As with most of the activities on site, the visitors are encouraged to join in, asking questions, giving votes.
Workshops
Kings Landing hosts workshops that happen during open hours. The workshops include learning about many different 19th century tasks and crafts, including candle making, beekeeping, woodworking, and several others.
External links
King's Landing Historical Settlement
Buildings and structures in York County, New Brunswick
Living museums in Canada
Museums in New Brunswick
History museums in New Brunswick
Open-air museums in Canada
Tourist attractions in York County, New Brunswick
Crown corporations of New Brunswick
United Empire Loyalists
Houses in New Brunswick
Folk museums in Canada
Blacksmith shops
Kurbatov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kurbatova. It may refer to
Alexey Kurbatov (born 1994), Russian cyclist
Ekaterina Kurbatova (born 1992), Russian gymnast
Evgeny Kurbatov (born 1988), Russian ice hockey defenceman
Natalya Kurbatova (born 1985), Russian long-distance runner
Stoyanka Kurbatova (born 1955), Bulgarian rower
Russian-language surnames
The Grovedale Tigers Football Netball Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian rules football and netball club based in the residential suburb of Grovedale, Victoria. The Grovedale teams currently play in the Geelong Football Netball League. The club's home ground is Burdoo Reserve.
Club history
Origins
The club was originally named Germantown. The earliest record found of the Germantown Football Club is a Geelong Advertiser article published on 16/05/1893 giving details of a match with Winchelsea. On 09/04/1908 - the Germantown Football Club decided to create their seconds team who won the Grand Final in 1909.
On the 30/03/1911 - “It was unanimously decided to change the name of the Germantown Football Club to SOUTH BARWON, as this covers more of the ground where players reside” (Published 01/04/1911, Geelong Advertiser).
In 1915 due to World War I the township of Germantown was changed by the local council to Grovedale after a local homestead.
In 1920 Grovedale formed a football side. They put themselves in the Freshwater Creek DFA, which is no longer running. In 1923 they made the "Grand Final" against Belmont now known as Sth Barwon; they lost the game by 16 points. In 1925, they made another Grand Final, in which they played Barrabool, but again they lost the game.
Reformation
In 1948 known as Marshall they entered into the Geelong & DFL, a division that was called the Jarman Cup, and in 1956 they wanted to expand into neighbouring areas so they renamed themselves Marshall-Grovedale. In 1963 they made the Jarman Cup where they played against Leopold; they won by 27 points. The following year they were promoted to the Woolworth Cup division. In 1970 they changed their name to Grovedale Football Club.
1970s
In 1973 the GDFL had a restructured that insisted in having the senior club also provide a reserve grade side. This meant that senior clubs had to align with a junior club to survive. They had to make two divisions because there were so many teams, so the club went into Division 2. Between 1973 and 1976 Grovedale played in every Grand Final where they played Modewarre. In 1973 they lost by 19 points, and in 1974 they lost again, this time by 25 points. In 1975 they won by five points. The following season Modewarre defeated them by 21 points. In 1978 they were promoted to Division 1 but did not win many games that year.
Geelong Football League
In 1979 the Geelong Football League was formed and Grovedale was one of the founding clubs. In the following 42 years the club has made the finals on seven occasions. Their best season was in 2013 when they were runners-up.
VFL/AFL players
David Bolton
Kent Butcher
Shane Crothers
Adam Donohue
Craig Evans
Daniel Fletcher
Simon Fletcher
David Mensch
Matthew Primus
Luke Delaney
Cameron Delaney
Timothy Colbert
Michael Schulze
Ryan Abbott
Gryan Miers
Cooper Whyte
Mitchell Knevitt
Bibliography
Cat Country: History of Football In The Geelong Region - John Stoward -
References
The references above relating to the Geelong Advertiser are archived in the National Library of Australia and accessed through the library's Trove search engine.
External links
Official website
Geelong Football League clubs
1908 establishments in Australia
Geelong & District Football League clubs
Sport clubs established in 1908
Australian rules football clubs established in 1908
Netball teams in Victoria (Australia)
International Gold Bullion Exchange was a gold bullion dealer that committed major fraud during the early 1980s.
International Gold Bullion Exchange was founded in 1979 by brothers William and James Alderdice. It grew to be reportedly the largest retail gold bullion dealer in the United States. It offered sale and storage of gold and silver bullion and coins. The company would sell gold bullion at a discount if the buyer agreed to postpone taking delivery. It was headquartered in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, with offices in Los Angeles and Dallas and employed over 1000 people. The company advertised in national publications like the Wall Street Journal and Barron's.
The company filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy in April 1983 and then ceased operating. When the company's offices were raided by law enforcement, it turned out that the gold bar stacks shown in their advertising were only wooden blocks painted a gold color. While it operated the company collected over $140 million. At the time it shut down, there were $75 million in claims by 23,000 people. The company spent over $44 million on personal spending, salaries, marketing and travel and had little in assets when it shut down.
During the summer of 1983, the Alderdice brothers were Indicted in New York state on charges of grand larceny and securities fraud, indicted in Broward County, Florida on 203 counts of fraud and theft, and indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of conspiracy, mail fraud and wire fraud. They were arrested in July 1983 and spent eight months in jail before being able to raise bail. In July 1984 while free on bond, William Alderdice was murdered by James Doyle, a former cell-mate who served as the brothers' chauffeur. In 1985, James Alderdice received a sentence of ten years in federal prison. They had also been convicted in New York state and Broward County, but was allowed to serve those sentences concurrent with the federal sentence.
International Gold Bullion Exchange was one of two major frauds involving sale of gold bullion in 1983, with Bullion Reserve of North America in Los Angeles also being shut down later that year, with losses to customers of $60 million. These frauds came at a time when gold prices had soared and gold as an investment was popular.
References
Corporate crime
Fraud in the United States
Bullion dealers
Villa Victoria Academy is an all-girls, private, Catholic middle and high school located in the West Trenton section of Ewing Township, New Jersey. It is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1996; Middle States accreditation of the school expires on January 1, 2029.
As of the 2017–18 school year, the school had an enrollment of 114 students and 31.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 3.6:1. The school's student body was 62.3% (71) White, 14.9% (17) Black, 14.0% (16) Hispanic, 5.3% (6) Asian and 3.5% (4) two or more races.
History
Thomas Walsh, Bishop of Trenton, was able to acquire the Fisk Estate in 1920, with the assistance of James Cox Brady. Villa Victoria was established in 1933 as a private academy by the Religious Teachers Filippini.
Athletics
Villa Victoria competes in interscholastic sports as part of the Penn-Jersey Athletic Association. Athletic programs offered to students include soccer, basketball, cross-country, track, tennis, golf and softball.
Notable alumnae
Amy Locane (born 1971), television and film actor who appeared in John Waters' 1990 musical comedy Cry-Baby and in the first season of the prime time soap opera Melrose Place.
See also
New Jersey Women's Hall of Fame Class of 2012 (Sr. Lillian Harrington, MPF, president)
References
External links
Villa Victoria Academy website
Data for Villa Victoria Academy, National Center for Education Statistics
1933 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1933
Ewing Township, New Jersey
Girls' schools in New Jersey
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Private elementary schools in New Jersey
Private high schools in Mercer County, New Jersey
Private middle schools in New Jersey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton
Catholic elementary schools in New Jersey
Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
The Top Bet ( Literal translation: Queen of Gambling) is a 1991 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Jeffrey Lau and Corey Yuen and starring Carol Cheng, Anita Mui and Ng Man-tat. It is a sequel to Lau and Yuen's 1990 film All for the Winner.
Synopsis
After Sing (Stephen Chow) uses their special powers to beat Hung Kwong (Paul Chun) in the Gambling King Competition, their elder sister Mei (Anita Mui) is ordered by the Special Power Clan in Mainland China to bring them back as they are not supposed to use their special powers for gambling. Meanwhile, Sing is on a world tour and Mei cannot find them in their Uncle's (Ng Man-tat) home. In the meantime, Sing's ex-Taiwanese boss Chan Chung (Jeffrey Lau) is looking for them to represent Taiwan again in another upcoming world gambling competition. Since they cannot be found, their Uncle is at their wit's end to find someone with similar powers to replace him. Whence, comes a rescuer in the form of a local female gambler by the name of Fanny (Carol Cheng), a.k.a. Queen of Gambling, at a fish market. But in reality, they are no more than a con artist fooling their fellow fishmongers. Fanny decides to pretend to have special powers because they need a large sum of money to cure their younger brother's illness.
Cast
Anita Mui as Mei, Sing's elder sister
Carol Dodo Cheng as Fanny/Queen of Gambling
Ng Man-tat as Blackie Tat/Sam Suk (3rd uncle)
Sandra Ng as Ping
Lowell Lo as Tai
Paul Chun as Hung Kwong
Jeffrey Lau as Chan Chung
Corey Yuen as Fishy Shing
Kenny Bee as Bee
Bowie Wu as referee at gambling competition
Shing Fui-On as Brother Shaw/male voice of Aunty Luk
Dion Lam Dik-On as Kwong's hired killer
Yuen Wah as Sifu Wu Lung Lo (cameo)
Stephen Chow as Sing (cameo)
Sharla Cheung Man (cameo; archive footage)
Angelina Lo as Aunty Luk
Lau Shun as Yim Chun
Elaine Law Suet-Ling as fat lady reporter
Sze Mei-Yee as Competition commentator
Lo Hung as Fanny's 1st competitor
Hoh Dung as Brother Shaw's man
Jameson Lam Wa-Fan as Chung's bodyguard
So Wai-Nam as Chung's bodyguard
Dickens Chan Wing-Chung as Tony
Wong Ying-Kit as doctor
Fruit Chan Goh as spectator
Rico Chu Tak-On as manager of Dominic Saloon
Hui Sze-Man as customer of Dominic Saloon
Chan Ging as robber at Dominic Saloon
Lee Ying-Git as robber
Alexander Chan Mong-Wah as gambler
Benny Tse Chi-Wah as ice-cream seller
References
External links
The Top Bet at Hong Kong Cinemagic
1991 films
1991 comedy films
Gambling films
Hong Kong sequel films
Hong Kong slapstick comedy films
1990s Cantonese-language films
Films directed by Jeffrey Lau
Films directed by Corey Yuen
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
1990s Hong Kong films
The 1991–92 Detroit Red Wings season was the Red Wings' 60th season, the 66th for the franchise. The Wings made it to the second round of the playoffs before losing to the Chicago Blackhawks. The Red Wings, along with the New York Rangers and Pittsburgh Penguins, had five 30-goal scorers. This was also the first season for the now-retired NHL legend Nicklas Lidstrom.
Offseason
In the Entry Draft, the Wings picked Martin Lapointe in the first round, tenth overall. In the third round, the Wings picked their goaltender of the future, Chris Osgood.
Regular season
The Red Wings led the NHL in short-handed goals scored, with 18.
Season standings
Schedule and results
October
November
December
January
February
March
April
Playoffs
Detroit finished the regular season in first place in the Norris Division for the third time in their history, qualifying for the playoffs. The Wings won the Division Semi-Finals (4-3) against the Minnesota North Stars but lost the Division Finals (0-4) to the Chicago Blackhawks.
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Defencemen
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Awards and records
Transactions
Draft picks
Detroit's draft picks at the 1991 NHL Entry Draft held at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium in Buffalo, New York.
References
Red Wings on Hockey Database
Detroit
Detroit
Detroit Red Wings seasons
Norris Division champion seasons
Detroit Red Wings
Detroit Red Wings
James "Jimmy" Sanderson is a Scottish curler.
 They are a and a two-time Scottish men's champion (1971, 1978).
 They are also 1978 Scottish Mixed Curling champion.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed
References
External links
Living people
Scottish male curlers
Scottish curling champions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brignall Banks is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of south-west County Durham, England.
It consists of a narrow belt of woodland on the steep slopes of the valleys of the River Greta
and its tributary, Gill Beck, just west of Brignall village and about 6 km south of Barnard Castle.
It is one of the largest expanses of semi-natural woodland in North-east England; a number of scarce species are present,
indicating that it is ancient woodland.
A varied lichen flora includes several species that are sensitive to air pollution and rare in County Durham,
including some, such as Thelotrema lepadinum and Graphis scripta,
that are indicator species for ancient woodland.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Octobot is a proof of concept soft-bodied autonomous robot. The project team included Harvard University faculty members Robert Wood and Jennifer A. Lewis, along with researchers with backgrounds in mechanical engineering, 3D printing, microfluidics, and robotics. Octobot was described in the journal Nature in 2016.
Overview
Octobot is a 3D printed soft-bodied autonomous robot that shaped like a small octopus, and its soft body is made of 3D printed silicone gel. It uses hydrogen peroxide as its main power source and also contains a microfluidic logic circuit. Octobot is said to be able to move on its own without any aid by a battery or an electrical power source. The hydrogen peroxide flows around a network of 3D printed hollows (or freckles) within the body of the robot. Hydrogen peroxide moves over platinum pieces, which causes a chemical reaction. This chemical reaction causes a gas to form creating the main power source for the robot. This phenomenon produces a reaction that inflates and moves the arms, to propel the robot through water.
Design influences
The 3D printed silicon gel body of Octobot is designed to mimic the body of an octopus, and neither one has an internal skeleton. This material is flexible and sturdy, all while being able to move with ease. The Octobot is designed to mimic the movements of an octopus.
The Octobot itself has also inspired new possibilities for technologies. Some scientists think that this new technology could pave the way for advancements in the medical field. The discussion of possibly changing the material that these soft-bodied autonomous robots are made from has also surfaced. The Octobot could be made from biodegradable material instead of 3D printed silicon gel leading to many advancements in environmental awareness. These soft-bodied autonomous robots also have the possibility to be used in search and rescue missions with their ability to be very flexible and possibly squeeze through spaces that humans or current robots may not.
References
Further reading
Robotic animals
Robots of the United States
2010s in robotics
Airplane Coaster, known previously as the Aero-Coaster and the Aeroplane Dips, was a wooden roller coaster which operated at Playland Amusement Park in Rye, New York, from 1928 until 1957.
History and design
The Airplane Coaster was designed by noted roller coaster engineer Frederick Church. For many years it was believed, based on past collaborations and similar design, that Harry Traver of Traver Engineering had built the coaster, but in the 1980s it was determined that Traver was not the builder. A researcher, digging through a Rye, New York attic, discovered plans that listed the actual builder as Frank W. Darling, the owner of LaMarcus Adna Thompson's construction company.
Originally planned to be named "The Bobs" (like many of Church's other coasters), the coaster was first named "Aeroplane Dips" in honor of Charles Lindbergh's noted flight from New York to Paris. Over the next few years, the name was changed to "Aero-Coaster" and finally "Airplane Coaster" (although Aero-Coaster persisted among many as a nickname). The coaster was the largest built at Playland. It had multiple levels with many spirals, as well as steep drops and curves. Most commented on were the bottleneck curves where multiple tracks seemed to converge. It had many similarities in design elements to The Bobs at Riverview Park in Chicago, Illinois.
Demolition
Maintenance issues doomed the Airplane Coaster. While it had early operational issues (the coaster took three days to get completely up and running), its late stage lifespan was particularly beset with problems. In 1956, when Playland changed insurance companies, inspectors condemned the coaster, stating it was unsafe. Renovations would have cost $100,000, so it was decided to demolish the coaster for a tenth of the cost instead. The coaster was torn down in November 1957.
Ride experience and reception
The Airplane Coaster was quite popular, with unexpected drops, sharp turns, and sudden speed changes cited as especially thrilling elements. Although some locals at the time expressed wariness with a coaster that seemed too dangerous, many writers have since called it a "masterpiece". A number of other writers called it the greatest roller coaster ever built.
References
Panackelty (also spelt panacalty, panaculty, panackerty, panaggie or panack) is a beef or lamb casserole traditional throughout the northeast of England, especially associated with County Durham and in particular Sunderland. It consists of meat, mainly corned beef, and root vegetables, mainly potatoes, onions and carrots, all left to bake throughout the day in an oven pot on low heat, or cooked slowly on a low heat in a pan. Its name derives from the fact that it is cooked in a pan. The dish exists in a number of local variations that differ in name, meat and vegetable content. This dish is also referred to as tatey pot or corned beef and tatey pot.
In Sunderland the dish is made from leftover meat cooked slowly with leftover root vegetables. If short of ingredients from the night before, one would usually add more fresh root vegetables, a tin of corned beef and sliced potatoes on top. The dish is also sometimes cooked in a frying pan, or made in a large pan and served as a soup, which allows it to be left on the hob and later reheated.
Around the Humber estuary a version is known as pan aggie and consists of layers of bacon, corned beef and onions topped with either sliced or mashed potatoes.
The Northumberland version, pan haggerty, comprises potatoes, onions and cheese baked in a baking dish.
See also
List of casserole dishes
References
External links
Discussion of panackelty variants
Panhaggerty at Foods of England
English cuisine
Geordie cuisine
Northumberland cuisine
Beef dishes
Potato dishes
Casserole dishes
County Durham
Lamb dishes
The is a large Buddhist statue located in Shōhō-ji in Gifu City, Gifu Prefecture, Japan. It was conceived by the 11th head priest of Kinpouzan Shōhō temple, Ichyuu, around 1790, in hopes of averting large earthquakes and famines. Ichyuu died in 1815 before it was completed, but their successor, Priest Kohshuu completed it in April 1832, after 38 years of construction. It is one of the three great Buddha portrait statues in Japan.
Construction
The Great Buddha of Gifu is unique due to the method of its construction. First, a central pillar 1.8 meters in circumference was formed from ginkgo tree wood. The Buddha's shape was then formed using bamboo lattices. The bamboo was covered with clay to add shape and many Buddhist scriptures were then placed upon the clay. Finally, the scriptures were covered in lacquer and gold leaf, giving the Buddha the appearance that it has today.
Measurements
Height of Statue:
Length of Face:
Length of Eyes:
Length of Ears:
Width of Mouth:
Height of Nose:
Access
From JR Gifu Station (Bus Platform 11) or Meitetsu Gifu Station (Bus Platform 4), board any bus towards Nagara. Get off the bus at "Gifu Koen, Rekishi Hakubutsukan-mae," approximately 15 minutes from the train stations.
See also
List of the tallest statues
References
Images
1832 establishments in Japan
1832 sculptures
Buildings and structures in Gifu
Tourist attractions in Gifu Prefecture
Colossal Buddha statues in Japan
Sculptures in Japan
The Christuskirche (Christ Church) was a Protestant church in northern Königsberg, Germany.
Construction of the church began in 1924, with its dedication occurring on 8 August 1926. It was built near the intersection of Wallring and Dessauer Straße in northern Tragheim; to the west was the Haus der Technik and to the east was the Kunsthalle.
The church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg. Its ruins were demolished by 1960. A shopping centre has been built in its place in Kaliningrad, Russia.
References
1926 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
20th-century Protestant churches
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Churches completed in 1926
Christian organizations established in 1926
Choully Castle is a castle in the municipality of Satigny of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Geneva
Castles in the canton of Geneva
E. Denise Simmons (born October 2, 1951) is the former mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts, having served their first mayoral term 2008–2009 term and their second mayoral term 2016-2017. They were the first openly lesbian African-American mayor in the United States. Simmons has been on the Cambridge City Council continuously from 2001 to present, serving ten consecutive terms.
Early life and education
Simmons was born on October 2, 1951. They grew up in Cambridge's Area 4 neighborhood and attended Cambridge schools. They received a Bachelor of Science degree in Sociology from the University of Massachusetts Boston, and a Master's degree in Psychotherapy from Antioch College.
In 1982, Simmons established their own business, the Cambridgeport Insurance Agency.
Public Service and Political Career
Public Service
Simmons served as Executive Director of the Cambridge Civic Unity Committee in the 1980s. Among the work performed while in this role was their successful fight to increase the diversity within the Cambridge public school faculty.
In 1992, Simmons ran for and won a spot on the Cambridge School Committee. They quickly won praise from across Cambridge for their tremendous work ethic, and for their efforts to find ways to build consensus with their colleagues. Over the next several years, Simmons gained a reputation as a calm, thoughtful voice on the school committee, and as a person who always kept their door open to anyone who wished to speak with them
Simmons is a Justice of the Peace and Notary Public.
City Council Member - 2001 to present
In 2001, Simmons ran for and won a seat on the Cambridge City Council. They immediately set out to make local government more accessible to a wider range of people, and through efforts such as holding "town hall" style meetings, Simmons worked to get more people involved in their own governance. Simmons – being Black, a woman, and a member of the GLBT community – worked hard to make sure that each of these constituencies was given a voice inside City Hall. Simmons was a member of the City Council when Cambridge City Hall became the first municipality, in 2004, to issue same-sex marriage licenses. They also promoted efforts to help local minority business owners network and establish themselves in Cambridge. Simmons also helped initiate community conversations about the role of race and class in contemporary Cambridge society.
First Term As Mayor
Them election to mayor of Cambridge by the Cambridge City Council on January 14, 2008, was unanimous. The previous mayor of Cambridge, Kenneth Reeves, was the first openly gay African-American mayor in the United States. As Cambridge mayor, Simmons served as head of the city's legislative body—while the non-elected city manager serves as the city's chief executive officer. Simmons brought the same sensibilities to the mayor's office that they brought to their previous endeavors – notably, they took pains to create an open-door atmosphere to their constituents. They opened the "mayor's parlor" to the people of Cambridge, where they convened meetings on everything from environmental policy, to the coordination of the city's various social services providers, to a senior citizens' advisory group. Simmons developed a reputation as a workhorse, with an emphasis on constituent services.
Simmons was mayor during the summer of 2009, during which time Cambridge was thrust into the international spotlight due to the arrest of Harvard University Professor Henry Louis Gates, Jr. As a result of the attention this incident generated, Simmons was sought after as a spokesperson for the city, and they were careful to avoid inflaming an already volatile situation. Simmons was interviewed on ABC's Good Morning America, CBS's The Early Show, CNN's State Of The Union with John King, among several other national media outlets. Simmons won praise from their constituents for giving measured, thoughtful responses in public, as well as for their diligent work to contain the situation behind the scenes. Simmons noted that they had a lengthy record of leading public discussions on how race and class impact contemporary Cambridge, and this work would continue long after the Professor Gates arrest faded from the headlines.
State Senate Bid
In February 2010, Councillor Simmons announced that they were running for an open state Senate seat in the Middlesex, Suffolk and Essex district that was vacated by Anthony Galluccio. They came in third, behind Everett City Councilor Sal DiDomenico and Cambridge Attorney Tim Flaherty, in the April 13, 2010 primary. They released a statement to the press that said, in part: "Despite coming up a little short at the end, this campaign was still a winning experience for me. I have had a tremendous opportunity to get to meet so many people, to learn more about the issues impacting the people in this district, and to make many new friends in Cambridge and beyond. The volunteers that made phone calls and knocked on doors every day were phenomenal, and their dedication and enthusiasm for civic engagement energized me every day." Having lost the primary, Councillor Simmons returned their attention to their duties on the Cambridge City Council.
Career 2012 - Present
In the 2012–2013 term, they served as Vice Mayor of Cambridge.
Simmons was again elected Mayor on January 4, 2016.
On November 5, 2019, Simmons was elected to their 10th term on the Cambridge City Council
Personal
Simmons is also a photo archivist and family historian and has facilitated workshops for public and private organizations both nationally and locally—including for the Cambridge Public Schools. Simmons has received numerous awards and commendations for their work in the community.
See also
List of first African-American mayors
List of the first LGBT holders of political offices
List of mayors of Cambridge, Massachusetts
Cambridge, Massachusetts municipal election, 2013
References
External links
Office of the Mayor – City of Cambridge official website
|-
Living people
African-American mayors in Massachusetts
Antioch College alumni
Lesbian politicians
LGBT African Americans
LGBT mayors of places in the United States
LGBT people from Massachusetts
Cambridge, Massachusetts City Council members
Mayors of Cambridge, Massachusetts
Women mayors of places in Massachusetts
African-American city council members in Massachusetts
1951 births
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American women
20th-century African-American people
21st-century LGBT people
20th-century African-American women
African-American women mayors
The 1992 Senior PGA Tour was the 13th season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 37 official money events with purses totalling $20,600,000, including four majors. Lee Trevino won the most tournaments, five. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1992 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
KRI Alamang (644) is a of the Indonesian Navy. Commissioned in 2013, they are the fourth ship of their class.
Specifications
The vessel has a length of 44 meters, a draft of 8 meters, and a displacement of 238 tonnes with the maximum speed of 27 knots. They have a crew complement of 35, and is equipped with two Chinese-made C-705 missile launchers, a 30mm main gun, and two 20mm Denel Vektor GI-2 guns.
The ship costed Rp 73 billion (USD 6 million in 2013).
Service history
Alamang was commissioned by Minister of Defense Purnomo Yusgiantoro in Batam on 20 December 2013, alongside two patrol boats also built by Palindo.  They are part of the Indonesian Navy's Western Fleet Command (Koarmabar).
In the Western Fleet Command, they patrolled the waters around Batam and the Singapore Strait, capturing vessels without documentation or smugglers. They also patrol the waters around the Natuna Islands, capturing one Vietnamese fishing vessel there in 2017.
References
2013 ships
Clurit-class fast attack craft
Probe effect is unintended alteration in system behavior caused by measuring that system.
In code profiling and performance measurements, the delays introduced by insertion or removal of code instrumentation may result in a non-functioning application, or unpredictable behavior.
Examples
In electronics, by attaching a multimeter, oscilloscope, or other testing device via a test probe, small amounts of capacitance, resistance, or inductance may be introduced. Though good scopes have very slight effects, in sensitive circuitry these can lead to unexpected failures, or conversely, unexpected fixes to failures.
In debugging of parallel computer programs, sometimes failures (such as deadlocks) are not present when debugger's code (which was meant to help to find a reason for deadlocks by visualising points of interest in the program code) is attached to the program. This is because additional code changed timing of the execution of parallel processes, and because of that deadlocks were avoided. This type of bug is known colloquially as a Heisenbug, by analogy with the observer effect in quantum mechanics.
Sources
Software testing
Debugging
The Azione Cattolica Italiana, or Azione Cattolica (Catholic Action) for short, is a widespread Roman Catholic lay association in Italy.
History
In Italy in 1905, Azione Cattolica was established as a non-political lay organization under the direct control of bishops. It was established by Pope Pius X after an earlier similar organization, Opera dei Congressi was disbanded in 1904 by the same pope because many of its members were siding with modernism. The set of events which brought to the foundation of the Azione Cattolica was critical in the excommunication of modernism in 1907 and a prelude of it. The organization was established as a non-political one because the modernists used Catholic lay organizations to promote a political agenda of siding with Italian parties of the left (even of the extreme as per standards of the time).
One of the first main leaders of the Azione Cattolica was count Ottorino Gentiloni.
In 1909 count Gentiloni was appointed by Pope Pius X also as head of UECI, a political Catholic organization, and in such capacity they co-authored in 1912 with Giovanni Giolitti the Patto Gentiloni which won the Italian elections in 1913.
In the thirties the original strongly anti-modernist stance of the organization started changing.
Since the organization was forbidden by the Vatican to participate in politics, it was not opposed by the fascist regime, unlike the Partito Popolare. Vatican support for Catholic Action resulted in hundreds of thousands of Catholics withdrawing from the Partito Popolare Italiano, and joining the apolitical Catholic Action – causing the Catholic Party's final collapse.
Other associations related to Azione Cattolica
Movimento Studenti di Azione Cattolica (MSAC)
Movimento Lavoratori di Azione Cattolica (MLAC)
Movimento di impegno educativo di Azione Cattolica
Movimento ecclesiale di impegno culturale (MEIC)
Italian Catholic Federation of University Students (FUCI)
Centro Sportivo Italiano (CSI)
References
Further reading
O'Brien, Albert C. "Italian Youth in Conflict: Catholic Action and Fascist Italy, 1929-1931." Catholic Historical Review (1982): 625-635. in JSTOR
Poggi, Gianfranco. Catholic Action in Italy (Stanford University Press, 1967)
External links
NON ABBIAMO BISOGNO (On Catholic Action in Italy), Pius XI, 1931
Azione Cattolica Italiana Official Website
Forum of Catholic Action - From Zenit.org
Catholic lay organisations
Catholic Church in Italy
Political organisations based in Italy
Baykal () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Pogranichny District of Primorsky Krai, Russia.
Rural localities in Primorsky Krai
RAF Oban is a former Royal Air Force (RAF) flying boat base located at the northern end of the island of Kerrera, in Ardantrive Bay west of Oban, Argyll and Bute, Scotland during the Second World War.
History
Oban was surveyed by the RAF in the 1930s as a suitable base for flying boat operations. A fuel depot was set up on the island of Kerrera while No. 209 Squadron RAF began utilising the facilities operating the Supermarine Stranraer flying-boat in October 1939. An aircraft servicing area, new slip and jetty were constructed on the island.
The base became operational in September 1938, with headquarters at Dungallan House, Oban. No. 209 Squadron re-equipped with Saro Lerwick flying-boats were based at RAF Oban. Aircrew based at RAF Oban were billeted in the main seafront hotels at Oban. No. 210 Squadron RAF equipped with the Short Sunderland replaced No. 209 Squadron in July 1940.
Anti submarine patrols, convoy escorts as part of 18 Group Coastal Command and ferry services were carried out from the base. No. 228 Squadron RAF, No. 10 Squadron Royal Australian Air Force, No. 422 and 423 Squadrons Royal Canadian Air Force, No. 330 (Norwegian) Squadron RAF.
No. 302 Ferry Training Unit RAF (July 1943 - April 1945) and No. 4 Flying Boat Servicing Unit RAF (September 1942 - 1945) served at the base.
A Flying Boat Maintenance Unit located to the north east at Ganavan provided maintenance for aircraft utilising the base. The base was reverted to care and maintenance on 28 April 1945.
Commanding officers
Group Captain J.H.O. Jones - September 1938.
Group Captain J H Chaplin - December 1943.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
RAF Oban Information
Secret Scotland
Oban
Airports established in 1938
Royal Air Force stations of World War II in the United Kingdom
RAF
The International Symbol of Access (ISA), also known as the (International) Wheelchair Symbol, denotes areas where access has been improved, mostly for those with disabilities. It consists of a usually blue square overlaid in white with a stylized image of a person in a wheelchair. It is maintained as an international standard, ISO 7001 image of the International Commission on Technology and Accessibility (ICTA), a committee of Rehabilitation International (RI).
History
The ISA was designed by Danish design student Susanne Koefoed in 1968. It was first sketched at a radical design conference mounted by the Scandinavian Students Organization (SDO). The group organized a summer study session at Stockholm's art and design college, Konstfack, alternating time between workshop sessions and larger lectures. In these lectures, the tone was set by the American designer and educator Victor Papanek. In the writings that they formulated during this period, too, they imagined persons who were disabled—both physically and mentally—as figures in need of renewed attention. Although there is no evidence that Papanek met Koefoed, their influence pervaded the seminar where the original ISA was drafted. Charged with creating a sign-symbol to mark barrier-free accommodations, Koefoed presented an early version of the symbol at the July 1968 exhibition held at the SDO seminar's end. Koefoed's symbol depicts an empty wheelchair. This icon was widely promoted around Sweden the following year.
Karl Montan, director of Sweden's new Handicapped Institute, also promoted Koefoed's design to Rehabilitation International. Montan worked to develop a symbol specifically as a technical aid Head of RI's International Commission of Technology and Accessibility (ICTA), Montan was asked by RI to form a special committee that would find and deliver a symbol to the group's 1969 convention in Dublin. Montan's group was asked to choose from six symbols. When Koefoed's symbol was presented, several members complained that it was too austere and illegible. As Montan noted: "a slight inconvenience with the symbol is the equally thick lines, which may give an impression of a monogram of letters. With a 'head' on the symbol this inconvenience would disappear." Taking the original copy of the design, Montan would add a circle to the top of the seat to give the impression of a seated figure.
Functions
The symbol is often seen where access has been improved, particularly for wheelchair users, but also for other disability issues. Frequently, the symbol denotes the removal of environmental barriers, such as steps, which also helps older people, parents with baby carriages, and travellers. Universal design aims to obviate such symbols by creating products and facilities that are accessible to nearly all users from the start. The wheelchair symbol is "International" and therefore not accompanied by Braille in any particular language.
Specific uses of the ISA include:
Marking a parking space reserved for vehicles used by people with disabilities/blue badge holders
Marking a vehicle used by a person with a disability, often for permission to use a space
Marking a public lavatory with facilities designed for wheelchair users
Indicating a button to activate an automatic door
Indicating an accessible transit station or vehicle
Indicating a transit route that uses accessible vehicles
The ISA is assigned the Unicode code point , showing as ♿︎
A compatible font such as DejaVu Sans must be installed to view the character.
Building codes such as the California Building Code, require "a white figure on a blue background. The blue shall be equal to Color No. 15090 in Federal Standard 595B."
Modified ISA
Some disability activists are advocating for a modified access symbol. Sara Hendren and Brian Glenney co-founded the Accessible Icon project, designing the new icon to display an active, engaged image with focus on the person with disability. Some disability organizations such as Enabling Unit in India are promoting it, This version of the symbol is officially used in the U.S. states of New York and Connecticut. The Modified ISA is in the permanent collection of museums of Modern Art. According to Emma Teitel of the Toronto Star, critics say that the modified image would still socially stigmatize those who have a disability but do not use a wheelchair.
In May 2015, the Federal Highway Administration rejected the new design for use on road signs in the United States, citing the fact that it has not been adopted or endorsed by the U.S. Access Board, the agency responsible for developing the federal criteria for accessible design. The International Organization for Standardization, which established the regular use of the original symbol under ISO 7001, has also rejected the design.
References
External links
An episode of the 99% Invisible podcast on the Accessible Icon Project.
Symbols
Accessibility
Symbols introduced in 1968
Danish inventions
ISO standards
Doom II RPG is a first-person shooter role-playing video game developed and published by id Software. It is the sequel to Doom RPG. It was released for mobile phones on November 23, 2009 and for iPhones on February 8, 2010. It uses the Wolfenstein RPG engine and was developed by id partners Fountainhead Entertainment via the merger id Mobile.
Reception
References
External links
2009 video games
BlackBerry games
Doom (franchise)
IOS games
Role-playing video games
Id Software games
Mobile games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows Mobile games
Java platform games
Sprite-based first-person shooters
Horror video games
J2ME games
Castanhal Esporte Clube, commonly referred to as Castanhal, is a Brazilian professional football club based in Castanhal, Pará founded on 7 September 1924. It competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D, the fourth tier of Brazilian football, as well as in the Campeonato Paraense, the top flight of the Pará state football league.
History
Founded in 1924, Castanhal Esporte Clube came soon after the founding of the town of Castanhal. A group of local sportsmen gathered and formed the club. Among the founders, Jota Vicente, Orvácio Batista and Lauro Cardoso. The club was professionalized in 1975. It ended up moving away in 1978.. They returned to professionalism in 1998. They have the nickname of Japiim, a bird of yellow and black plumage, very common in the region. Today, Castanhal is a great frequenter of the elite phase of the Campeonato Paraense leading the midsize clubs that are still in contention. Representing the municipality that originated its name, the Castanhal counts on the strength of its great crowd to repeat feats of the past.
In 2003, the club won the Campeonato Paraense Second Division. In the main division of the championship, their best campaign was in the year 2000 when they lost to Paysandu.
In the national scenario, Castanhal participated twice in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C. In 2000 they finished 27th out of 36 teams. Four years later they finished in the 33rd position of 60 participants in that edition. In the Copa do Brasil, the club participated only once. It was in 2003, when it was eliminated in the first phase by Ponte Preta.
Stadium
Castanhal play their home games at Estádio Maximino Porpino Filho. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 4,800 people.
Honours
Campeonato Paraense Second Division
Winners (1): 2003
External links
Official site
Association football clubs established in 1924
Football clubs in Pará
1924 establishments in Brazil
The term Secondo (sg. m.) (Seconda (sg. f.)) is an umbrella term which has particularly been used in Switzerland. Secondo/Seconda is the Italian word for second and has been used to refer to people who are children of immigrants, were born in Switzerland and have been living in Switzerland for many years and might also be naturalised.
The plural of the word Secondos is a mixture of the Italian singular secondo and the Spanish plural ending -s. This term is mostly used for the children of Italian and Spanish immigrants who have migrated to Switzerland in the 1960s and 70s. Another term which is used by other countries to refer to the second generation of immigrants is second-generation. It is mostly considered as a positive term and is used by the people themselves too.
Italians in Switzerland
The Italian population in Switzerland has been making up the biggest part of the country's group of foreign citizens that has migrated to the country seeking work and better income. The number of Italians living in Switzerland has declined from 550,000 people in the year 1960 to 275,000 people 2013. The Italian community has coined the culture of Switzerland substantially and has become a big part of the country's economy and society.
Germany has been offering a special course for Secondos at the University of Regensburg since 2009. The goal of this course is to have the attendants reconnect with their country of origin, its culture and language.
Immigration history and composition
The Swiss foreign population used to be very homogeneous, especially in the 1970s. It consisted mostly of people form southern European countries with 75% from neighbouring countries. Swiss companies were lacking employees and started to recruit people from countries surrounding Switzerland. These people were called guest workers. The idea of this sort of employment was that guest workers were supposed to return to their country of origin after a certain period of time.
Today, the composition is very different. People from the Balkan countries, Portugal, Spain, Turkey and especially the former countries of Yugoslavia are making up big parts of the Swiss population. Additionally, about 23% of foreigners were born in Switzerland and are therefore by definition Secondos/Secondas.
Criticism of the term
Critics decline the term. The term Secondo has suffered after they have been accused of the riots and lootings on the International Workers' Day in Switzerland in the year 2002 where 14 people have been hurt and about 100 people were arrested. Police stated that many of the arrested were immigrants from the second and third generation.
Critics say that the term excludes the persons concerned and forces their parents' migration history on them. Alternatives for the term are:
children of immigrants
second generation immigrant
teenagers with foreign origin
References
Swiss culture
Immigration to Switzerland
The Future of Earthly Delites is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden, released to promote their world tour of the same name. The album includes two discs: one featuring their self-titled debut album "Savage Garden" , and a second featuring several remixes and B-sides. Two versions of the album were released: one in Australia, featuring the original Australian version of the album, containing "Mine" and "All Around Me", and one in Europe, containing the International version of the album, removing "Mine" and "All Around Me", but adding "Promises". Later pressings of the Australian version of the album include an alternate version of the Tears on the Dancefloor Mix of "Tears of Pearls", featuring more reverb on the vocals. The reason for this has not been explained.
Track listing
Savage Garden (Australian version) "To the Moon and Back" – 5:41
"Carry on Dancing" – 3:45
"Tears of Pearls" – 3:46
"I Want You" – 3:52
"Truly Madly Deeply" (Australian version) – 4:37
"Violet" – 4:04
"All Around Me" – 4:11
"Universe" – 4:20
"A Thousand Words" – 4:00
"Break Me Shake Me" – 3:23
"Mine" – 4:30
"Santa Monica" – 3:37Savage Garden (European version) "To the Moon and Back" – 5:41
"I Want You" – 3:52
"Truly Madly Deeply" (international version) – 4:38
"Tears of Pearls" – 3:46
"Universe" – 4:20
"Carry on Dancing" – 3:45
"Violet" – 4:04
"Break Me Shake Me" – 3:23
"A Thousand Words" – 4:00
"Promises" – 3:33
"Santa Monica" – 3:37The Future of Earthly Delites
"I Want You" (Xenomania Funky Mix) – 4:34
"Break Me Shake Me" (Broken Mix) – 4:18
"Santa Monica" (Bittersweet Mix) – 5:00
"Tears of Pearls" (Tears on the Dancefloor Mix) – 5:24
"Carry on Dancing" (Ultra Violet Mix) – 6:46
"All Around Me" (Hardcore Catwalk Mix) – 5:18
"I Want You" (Getmeouttathisclubmix) – 4:35
"I Want You" (Xenomania 12" Club Mix) – 7:02
"To the Moon and Back" (Hani's Num Club Mix) – 9:18
"To the Moon and Back" (Hani's Num Dub Mix) – 5:15
"To the Moon and Back" (A Journey Through Space and Time Mix) – 4:39
References
Savage Garden albums
1998 albums
Columbia Records albums
ToDDaSO was an electronic payments service in the UK for the transfer of retail customer payment arrangements between different bank accounts in UK banks. ToDDaSO is an acronym that stands for Transfer of Direct Debits and Standing Orders.
The service allowed UK retail banks to electronically request the transfer of direct debit and standing order payments arrangements, on behalf of new customers, wishing to transfer payment arrangements from a previous bank account. The scheme was also known as the Inter Bank Transfer of Direct Debit Instructions service and is governed by BACS, the UK's automated payments clearing scheme.
ToDDaSO is also commonly referred to in the UK as the Switching Bank Account Service.
As of the end of 2014 the ToDDaSO system has been made defunct with the new Current Account Switch Service (CASS) and the Partial Account Switching Service taking over its role in account switching.
Background
This service was first established in the mid 1990s, and then improved in 2005 as an industry response to criticisms of consumer banking services, contained in Section 4 of Don Cruickshank's Review of Banking Services in the UK
, published by the HM Treasury. This government report highlighted the competitive difficulties faced by retail customers in being able to switch between retail account providers.
References
External links
APACS, the UK Payments Association
Payment systems
Buddhist Studies Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Equinox.
The journal was founded in 1976 as Pali Buddhist Review by the Pali Buddhist Union, edited by Russell Webb. In 1983 it received its present name under the sponsorship of the Institut de recherche bouddhique Lin-So'n and the Pali Buddhist Union. in 1998 it was taken over by the UK Association for Buddhist Studies, and in 2006 Equinox began publishing it commercially.
See also
Buddhist-Christian Studies
References
External links
UK Association for Buddhist Studies
Biannual journals
English-language journals
Equinox Publishing (Sheffield) academic journals
Publications established in 1983
Buddhist studies journals
Shirgah (, also Romanized as Shīrgāh and Shīr Gāh) is a city and capital of North Savadkuh County in Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 8,529, in 2,269 families.
Shirgah is one of four cities in Savadkuh County. It borders Zirab in the south, Ghaemshahr in the north and the Babol road in the west. It has 8,000 people, and 3,000 people in its surrounding villages.
The road connecting Tehran to Ghaemshahr passes through, as does the railway from Tehran to the north.
The job of most people in this area is farming and cultivating because it is surrounded by mountains every side except farm the north and has from lands. Its mountains called Terez in the west, Veresk in the east and Sarah sar and Shah kooh in the south.
Shirgah is the place of meeting of two rivers of Mazandaran, the Talar and Keselyan. The Talar originates from the slopes of Gadook.
That is, Shirgah has valleys and many bridges and because of this it is called the town of bridges. From these bridges, pool Dokhtar (in Chali), a historical bridge of Shah Abbas, as its name implies, was made in the Safavid era (inside the city), and Abdangesar (it is on road to Ghaemshahr) and Poole Shahpoor, are the most famous of all.
Some other bridges have also been made, such as, on railway in Sartappeh, two in the town, on the way to Ghaemshahr and outside the town.
There are only three factories in this city. The wood industries one in Chali, Pichkooban in Sartappeh and wood saturating factory that has been established in 1932 AD (1311 Iranian date) and because of less use of wood bars in railway its production has been limited. A kind of this factory has been made in Ghazvin province that only isolated the wood. So that was the first saturating factory in Iran.shirgah is near zirab
The history of Shirgah
Not many historical studies made about Shirgah and historical stories told by person to person received to us. In this narrated (spoken) history.
It has been tried to get stories from all authorized persons and avoid accepting the unreasonable once.
It seems that the city has not much historic record, because its early residents place of this town lived in Chali and Tappesar and specially in Abdangesar
The occupation of people in this city is wood cutting and animal husbandry. During the period of going to and returning from the jungles of this area resulted in gradual migration of people in Shirgah and they made small houses that became their permanent houses. People resided in present town and its skirts that led to establishment of primitive center of Shirgah.
The residents of this city made their house on heights so that they could defend themselves against the thieves and outlaws.
At the ago of king Reza Khan a brave man called Hojabr Soltan fought Reza Khan sometimes entered Shirgah to take food, clothes, etc. from people.
During World War 2 some Russian troops have resided in a small part near Kalig Kheil (a village of Shirgah) that later came to call Russ Abad to equip rebuild and support themselves.
Kharkhoon' or Shirgah
As much as we know the former name of Shirgah was Kharkhoon which there are three stories behind it.
The first one tells that there were many thorny bushes in its forests when wood-cutters and farmers went among the forests, their skin was cut and bleeding so it called Kharkhoon is made up of two smaller words;
khar means thorn and khoon means blood
The second comes from a story telling long before there was a ruler who had a strong lion. They told if any other animal beat my lion, it will give its owner a valuable gift. An old and learned farmer knew when a cow gets angry so much and attacks even stronger animals. So they went to the ruler's palace and stated "I have a cow that can beat the lion". And asked the ruler to bring their lion to the square of town.
All the people gather around the square and were surprised.
However, the cow which had a newborn calf and the frightening and powerful lion were taken to the square. The farmer ordered to tie the calf in a place near lion and the cow. The lion was very hungry and the cow was so angry when the lion attacked the calf, that they killed the lion on the first blow. Therefore it called Shirgav.
Shir means lion and Gov means cow. That later it called shirgah, because of pronouncing it fluently.
But another one saying that since there were many cows producing much milk it called Shirgah that in sense Shir means milk (in dialect) and Gah means place.
It seems the third one to be more logic and acceptable than the two former stories, because naming of this area based on the third sense is interesting and scientific and there is also a relationship between the name and its meaning as Shir means humidity (in dialect) and Gah means place, because this town has a special climate in the region, Mazandaran province. It is more often rainy and humid in a year.
Shirgah has got many beautiful and attractive weather and landscapes mentioned below:
Waterfall near road to Zirab city said there ( tonel). Jungle of Lafoor (name of village areas), rice fields, citrus gardens, nice villas, Keselian river, historical places and bridges, mild and cool weather in summer, natural pools suitable for swimming and so on.
That is why many visitors from different parts of the country and all over the world came to visit Shirgah. (Although it is a less populated town, it has the highest immigrants that most of them are youths).
If the healthcare and welfare facilities develop, Shirgah will certainly turn into one of the most beautiful enjoyable and attractive city in Iran.
References
Populated places in North Savadkuh County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
North Beverly station is an MBTA Commuter Rail station in Beverly, Massachusetts. Located in North Beverly, it serves the Newburyport/Rockport Line. The station has two low side platforms serving the line's two tracks, with mini-high platforms to provide accessibility. The station originally opened by the mid-1850s. The station building was converted to a hamburger stand by 1968, but later demolished. , improvements to the accessible mini-high platforms are in design.
The station is also the northern terminus of MBTA bus route , which connects North Beverly to downtown Beverly and Salem.
References
External links
MBTA – North Beverly
Station from Dodge Street from Google Maps Street View
MBTA Commuter Rail stations in Essex County, Massachusetts
Stations along Boston and Maine Railroad lines
Dámaso José Lescaille Tabares (December 11, 1934 – January 27, 2014) was a Cuban revolutionary, journalist, intelligence officer and ambassador.
Career
From a very young age they participated in clandestine work against the regime of Fulgencio Batista.
In 1959 belonged to founders of the Dirección General de Inteligencia.
In the early 1960s they trained Tamara Bunke.
In 1965 they accompanied Che Guevara to Kigoma, the missions in the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence and learned Swahili language.
In 1970 they were counsellor in the embassy in Algiers.
On the were military adviser in Santiago de Chile.
From 1975 to they were deputy head of the American Department of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba.
From to they were Ambassador in Kingston, Jamaica.
On Jamaican opposition leader Edward Seaga claimed, that Estrada would have a shady background and is known as a political activist. In 1980, Seaga became prime minister and Estrada was declared persona non grata.
They headed the Directorate of Non-Aligned Movement and was Director of Africa and Middle East in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Cuba).
From to they were ambassador to Aden (South Yemen)
From 1987 to 1991 they were ambassador to Algiers and concurrently accredited to Nouakchott, Mauritania, and the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic.
They were editor-in-chief of the newspapers Granma International and El Habanero and of the magazine Tricontinental.
References
1934 births
2014 deaths
Ambassadors of Cuba to Jamaica
Ambassadors of Cuba to South Yemen
Ambassadors of Cuba to Algeria
Ambassadors of Cuba to Mauritania
Ambassadors of Cuba to the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
Cuban editors
James Michael Gabarra (born September 22, 1959) is an American retired soccer forward who coached the Washington Spirit National Women's Soccer League team, and previously coached Sky Blue FC and the Washington Freedom women's soccer teams. They played professionally in the American Soccer League, United Soccer League, American Indoor Soccer Association, Major Indoor Soccer League and Western Soccer Alliance.
Early career
A native of Key West, Florida, Gabarra attended Connecticut College where they played soccer from 1978 to 1981. In 1989, Connecticut College inducted Gabarra into its Athletic Hall of Fame. After finishing college in the spring of 1982, Gabarra was signed by the Detroit Express of the American Soccer League (ASL). The Express won the ASL championship that season, defeating the Oklahoma City Slickers two games to one to take the title. However, both the Express and the ASL barely made it through the 1983 season before they both folded. Gabarra spent most of their time with the Express on the substitute's bench.
In 1984, the United Soccer League (USL) attempted to replace the ASL as the de facto U.S. second division. Gabarra moved to the USL where they joined the New York Nationals. The USL fared little better than the ASL, and the Nationals folded at the end of the season. The league itself collapsed during its second season, but by that time Gabarra was establishing themselves as an indoor star.
Indoor soccer
In 1984, the Louisville Thunder of the newly established American Indoor Soccer Association (AISA) signed Gabarra. With the move to indoor soccer, Gabarra found their niche. That year they led the Thunder in scoring as the team went to the AISA championship series, only to lose to the Canton Invaders. On September 18, 1985, during the AISA off season, Gabarra signed with the Dallas Sidekicks of Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL) as a free agent. They played ten games with the team, assisting on one goal, before moving back to the Louisville Thunder. In 1986, Gabarra and the Thunder finally overcame the Invaders and took the 1985–1986 AISA title. The next season, they moved to the Los Angeles Lazers of MISL. They stayed with the Lazers for three seasons. However, the team folded at the end of the 1988–1989 season. Gabarra then moved to the San Diego Sockers where they were a part of the 1990–1991 championship team. They moved once more, this time to the Tacoma Stars for the 1991–1992 season.
By the 1991–1992 season, the MISL was on its last legs. At the end of the season, the league and the Stars folded. They then moved to the Milwaukee Wave of the National Professional Soccer League.
During that time, Gabarra also played two outdoor seasons with the Los Angeles Heat. In 1989, the Heat were members of the Western Soccer League (WSL). That year, they lost in penalty kicks to the San Francisco Bay Blackhawks in the semi-finals. At the end of the 1989 season, the WSL merged with the American Soccer League to form the American Professional Soccer League (APSL). The Heat continued its excellent play in 1990, making it to the Western Conference championship series, where it fell again to the Blackhawks.
Olympics, futsal and national team
In 1986, Gabarra began playing for the U.S. Olympic soccer team as it began the qualification process for the 1988 Summer Olympics to be held in Seoul, South Korea. The U.S. qualified, and Gabarra was part of the team which went 1–1–1 and failed to reach the second round.
Gabarra used their extensive indoor soccer experience to contribute to the U.S. Futsal team. They were the captain of the team from 1986 to 1996, during which they earned 30 indoor caps and scored 17 goals, both U.S. records. In 1989, the U.S. Futsal FIFA Futsal World Championship. Three years later, Gabarra and their teammates took second at the Futsal championship, losing 4–1 to Brazil in the championship game.
Gabarra earned their first cap with the U.S. national team in a May 14, 1988 loss to Colombia. They went on to earn a total of 14 caps in 1988 and 1989. During 1989, they usually came on as a substitute. Their last match with the national team came on November 5, 1989 in a scoreless tie with El Salvador.
Coaching
Gabarra began their transition from playing to coaching early in their career when they became the player/coach of the Louisville Thunder in 1985. They lasted two seasons as the head coach. After they retired from playing with the collapse of the Tacoma Stars and the MISL, they returned to coaching with the Milwaukee Wave. They lasted only the 1992–1993 season. In 1994, they became the head coach of the Washington Warthogs of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL) and remained with the team through the 1997 season when the league folded. They also served as a volunteer assistant coach to their wife who is the women's soccer coach at the U.S. Naval Academy.
On August 11, 2000, the Washington Freedom of the Women's United Soccer Association announced it had hired Gabarra as its first head coach. The WUSA was a new league which did not begin competitive play until the 2001 season. That year the Freedom stumbled badly, finishing second to the bottom in the standings and placing no players on the Star team. In 2002, the Freedom made a complete turnaround and reached the WUSA championship, only to fall 3–2 to the Carolina Courage.
In 2003, Gabarra led the Freedom to a second consecutive WUSA championship game. This time it won, defeating the Atlanta Beat 2–1 in overtime. That was the last year for the WUSA, as it folded due to financial difficulties. When the WUSA folded, the Freedom recreated itself as an independent soccer club, the Freedom Soccer Club. Gabarra remained on as its head coach despite briefly coaching the San Diego Spirit during a tournament in 2004. In 2007, Gabarra coached the Freedom's W-League franchise to the W-League championship and was one of three finalists for W-League Coach of the Year.
When the Freedom returned to professional soccer in 2009 as part of the new Women's Professional Soccer league, Gabarra continued as head coach. The team made the playoffs both that year and in 2010; however, the team suffered a 10-game winless streak in the latter. After losing the first-round playoff game (as happened in 2009 as well), Gabarra resigned, citing "irreconcilable differences" with team management.
Gabarra signed with Sky Blue FC in 2011. After the WPS folded, Gabarra coached the New Jersey Wildcats of the W-League for the 2012 season. Gabarra returned to coach Sky Blue FC in 2013 as part of the National Women's Soccer League, where they led the team to the playoffs in their first year in the new league but did not return under their tenure. They left in October 2015 to become the general manager and head coach of the Washington Spirit
In their first year in those roles with the Spirit, the team hosted a home playoff match, won a playoff game, and advanced to the NWSL Championship for the first times in club history. The Spirit drew the Western New York Flash in regulation and extra periods before losing 4-3 in penalty kicks.
References
External links
Jim Gabarra profile at Sky Blue FC
Gabarra's Sidekicks Bio
1991–1992 Tacoma Stars Team Photo
MISL stats
1959 births
Living people
American men's futsal players
American Indoor Soccer Association coaches
American Indoor Soccer Association players
American soccer coaches
American soccer players
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Anaheim Splash players
Connecticut College alumni
Continental Indoor Soccer League coaches
Continental Indoor Soccer League players
Dallas Sidekicks (original MISL) players
Detroit Express (1981–1983) players
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Los Angeles Heat players
Los Angeles Lazers players
Louisville Thunder players
Major Indoor Soccer League (1978–1992) players
Milwaukee Wave players
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
New York Nationals (USL) players
Olympic soccer players of the United States
San Diego Sockers (original MISL) players
Tacoma Stars players
United Soccer League (1984–85) players
United States men's international soccer players
USL W-League (1995–2015) coaches
Washington Warthogs players
Western Soccer Alliance players
Women's United Soccer Association coaches
Soccer players from Florida
National Women's Soccer League coaches
NJ/NY Gotham FC coaches
Washington Spirit coaches
American women's soccer coaches
Association football forwards
People from Key West, Florida
Women's Professional Soccer coaches
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in the United States team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards#U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Pondatti Pondattithan () is a 1991 Tamil-language comedy drama film directed by Maniyan Sivabalan. The film stars S. Ve. Shekher and newcomer Kadambari, with Janagaraj, Senthil, Manorama, V. K. Ramasamy, Venniradai Moorthy, Sulakshana, Disco Shanti and Kovai Sarala playing supporting roles. The film had musical score by Gangai Amaran and was released on 11 July 1991. The film was a remake of Telugu film Chalaki Mogudu Chadastapu Pellam.
Plot
Rajagopal (S. Ve. Shekher) is a bachelor office clerk who lives with their clumsy and annoying grandmother (Manorama) in Vellore. Rajagopal wants to get married as soon as possible with a well-educated woman. So their grandmother suggests them to marry their uneducated cousin Lakshmi (Kadambari), but they refuse. After seeing her, they fall under the spell of the beautiful Lakshmi. They finally marry them Unfortunately, due to various reasons, their first night gets delayed and delayed.
A few weeks later, Rajagopal's boss Krishnan (Venniradai Moorthy) promotes Rajagopal as their assistant manager in Chennai, so Rajagopal has to leave their home for the job. There, Rajagopal lives with Jai, an old friend from their college, in a small apartment. One night, Rajagopal helps a prostitute Padma (Disco Shanti) who was chased by goons and the two take refuge in a hotel. At that time, the police raid the hotel and arrest the prostitutes and their clients, the police inspector Rajendran (V. K. Ramasamy) is none other than Krishnan's friend and they immediately informs Krishnan about the matter. When Krishnan comes to the hotel, the prostitute is mistaken by Krishnan to be Rajagopal's wife and Rajendran release them. Krishnan then accommodates Rajagopal and the prostitute in their guest house. Feared of being fired from their new job, Rajagopal pays Padma for acting like their wife in front of Krishnan. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Cast
S. Ve. Shekher as Rajagopal
Kadambari as Lakshmi
Janagaraj as Kathiresan
Senthil as Sabapathy
Manorama as Rajagopal's grandmother
V. K. Ramasamy as Inspector Rajendran
Venniradai Moorthy as Krishnan
Sulakshana as Ramajayam
Disco Shanti as Padma
Kovai Sarala as Janaki
Y. Vijaya as Padma's sister
Kumarimuthu as Pichaimuthu
Loose Mohan as Kabali
Manager Cheena as Manager
Usilaimani as Iyer
Seenu
Venkatraman
Kumaresan
Poornima
Sumathi
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Gangai Amaran. The soundtrack, released in 1991, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Gangai Amaran.
References
1991 films
1990s Tamil-language films
Indian comedy-drama films
Films scored by Gangai Amaran
Tamil remakes of Telugu films
Hacienda Santa Rita is located in the municipality of Guánica, Puerto Rico. It is also known as Casa Madre y Noviciado de las Hermanas Dominicas de Fatima and was built in 1800 by Don Mariano Quiñonez.
It was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
It consists of buildings of a former sugar plantation, , including a main house and slave quarters.
During the Spanish–American War in 1898 the building was used by the Spanish military and then by the Americans. Generals Guy Vernor Henry and A. Garreston stayed at the house.
From 1953 on it was used by, and from 1962 owned by, the Dominican Order of Our Lady of Fatima. The main house has been used as a convent and novice house.
Notes
References
National Register of Historic Places in Puerto Rico
Houses completed in 1800
Sugar plantations in the Caribbean
Slave cabins and quarters in the United States
Sy is a given name, nickname and surname.
Sy or SY may also refer to:
Places:
Sy, Belgium, a town in the Ardennes
Sy, Ardennes, a commune in France
Sy, Mali, a small town and commune
1714 Sy, an asteroid
Codes:
SY postcode area, the British post code area for Shrewsbury
Syria's ISO 3166-1 country code
.sy, the country code top level domain for Syria
SY, Sun Country Airlines's IATA airline code
SY, Sybase's New York Stock Exchange ticker symbol
Other uses:
Sonic Youth, an American rock band
Office of Security, a former name for the U.S. State Department's Diplomatic Security Service
China Railways SY, a Chinese class of industrial 2-8-2 steam locomotive]
SY or S/Y, a ship prefix for sailing yacht or steam yacht
See also
Cy (disambiguation)
The Consecration of Aloysius Gonzaga as patron saint of youth is a c.1763 painting attributed to Francisco de Goya and now owned by the town of Jaraba but stored in the Saragossa Museum in Saragossa.
History
It resulted from a commission by the Jesuit church of Santa María del Pilar de Calatayud, now known as San Juan el Real. After the Jesuits were expelled from Spain in 1767, the painting went to the sanctuary of the Virgin of Jaraba, where it was rediscovered in 1985.
Description
It shows saint Aloysius Gonzaga being consecrated as the patron saint of young people by pope Benedict XIII, who taught young Italians to take the saint as their example, as indicated by the Latin words on the pope's speech-bubble "Inspice, FAC ET secundum EXEMPLAR" (Look and follow their example). The pope points at the saint, who appears in glory in Jesuit robes among angels and bearing a bouquet of lilies, alluding to their purity.
Goya was probably influenced by their tutor Joseph Luzán. The painting is in line with the Italian rococo school and can be seen to be youthful in the lack of skill in some of the figure drawing.
See also
List of works by Francisco Goya
External links
Jarabaturismo.com
Fundaciongoyaenaragon.es
1763 paintings
Paintings by Francisco Goya
Paintings in Zaragoza
Aloysius Gonzaga
Nesplora Aula is a psychological test in virtual reality that measures attentional processes in children from 6 to 16 years of age. It is a level III C Continuous Performance Test (CPT) that combines auditory and visual stimuli in a virtual environment: a school classroom, alive and organic, with the distractors of that environment. It evaluates in approximately 20 minutes, among other variables, attention, impulsivity, processing speed, the tendency to distraction and motor activity during the task. The person being evaluated is immersed in virtual reality through a helmet with movement sensors and lightweight 3D glasses.
It was created in 2011 by Climent & Banterla at Nesplora, a Spanish company that specialized in neuropsychological assessment with virtual reality. It has been used and referenced in international reference publications.
Psychometric Properties
Rating
The normative study was developed with 1326 schoolchildren and published in the Journal of Attention Disorders.
Ecological validity
Virtual reality increases ecological validity, decreases rater and administration biases, provokes real immersion, increases motivation, and decreases false negatives.
Convergent validity
The tests with which the correlation tests and their respective averages were performed were the Caras test, with an average of .835, the D-2 test, with an average of .754, the Conners CPT (1995) with an average of .773, and the EDAH (Evaluation of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) with an average between .406 and .544 in the inattention variable, and the TOVA (Test of Variables of Attention).
Sensitivity
Correctly identifies children with ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) in 95.2% of cases and correctly rules out those without the disorder in 91.9% of cases.
Reliability
Cronbach's α reliability coefficient was 0.978. The ANOVA test result indicates that the items correctly discriminate between children in the normative group; Visual Adequacies Scale, with 186 items and a Cronbach's α coefficient of 0.966, the scale presents high reliability and high internal consistency.
History
Until the advent of digital tools, there were no specific cognitive, metabolic or neurological markers or medical tests to diagnose Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), first described by George Still in 1902 at the Royal College of Physicians in London.
One of the leading experts in the development of digital tools for the diagnosis of attention-deficit is Russell Barkley who has developed an instrument for the assessment of deficits in executive functions from the age of 18.
The first tool that used virtual reality was neither standardized nor adapted as a psychometric test, but oriented to the research and treatment of ADHD. Albert Rizzo and their team created it.
The authors of Nesplora Aula, Gema Climent and Flavio Bánterla, began developing the tool as a research project to adapt the traditional tests that evaluate attentional processes to a more dynamic and audiovisual format than the traditional paper and pencil, which could be more attractive to schoolchildren.
They reviewed what had been done in this regard, at an international level, and found in 2010 that there was no test on the market except for Rizzo's research and a research thesis at the University of Barcelona. Giunti Nesplora's next step was to try to adapt an external software to a compact tool with a specific task or objective that could be measured. Faced with this challenge, the company decided to create its software.
The first experimental study was carried out with 300 schoolchildren, obtaining information on the optimal execution time, the symbols that presented problems or ambiguities, the effectiveness of the designed distractors and the response generated by the children; the suitability of the glasses, the movements executed, and the difference between control samples and samples of boys and girls diagnosed with ADHD were also assessed. Subsequently, the study was carried out with 1500 schoolchildren. After all these tests and the search for the best hardware devices of the moment, the tool known as Nesplora Aula was arrived at in 2011.
Scores
The attentional processes assessment test collects scores in different experimental situations to compare performance, and produces an automatic report with explanatory tables and graphs to describe the complete attentional profile. It measures the following variables:
Sustained attention: ability to focus attention on one point and concentrate over time to perform a certain task or action.
Selective attention: ability to distinguish between relevant and irrelevant stimuli to discard information and keep what is useful.
Switching attention: ability to switch between different points of attention, related to working memory.
Inhibitory control: ability to inhibit impulses and regulate behavior.
Consistency of response: the ability to be constant in response times. Inconsistency is associated with fatigue, distraction, or lack of regulation.
Vigilance and alertness: ability to react to a stimulus.
Processing speed: ability to respond at lower or higher response times.
or higher times.
Tendency to distraction: interference in the presence of distracting visual and auditory stimuli placed for this purpose.
Motor activity: Quantification of the subject's motor movement.
Uses
As an assessment tool, Nesplora Aula contributes to clinical analysis in diagnosing disorders of different conditions: anxiety, behavioral and social skills problems, reading and writing problems, learning difficulties, brain damage, ADHD. Its areas of application are clinical psychology, educational psychology, neuropsychology, child psychiatry, forensic psychology, traffic psychology, sports psychology, and psychopedagogy.
The test applies to persons aged 6 to 16 years. The audio for the instructions is available in Spanish, with different accents (Spanish, Argentinean, Mexican, Chilean, Peruvian and Colombian), Basque, Catalan, and English, available in accents (American and British) Romani, Arabic, French, Italian, Turkish and Portuguese.
The test complies with the essential requirements set out in Council Directive 93/42/EEC, as amended by Directive 2007/47/EC, and with the essential requirements of the EN ISO 13485 standard for quality management systems for medical devices. These certifications allow using of Nesplora Aula and certify its value in any clinical, forensic or research process.
Limitations
The Nesplora Aula tool suffers from the limitations presented by the hardware required for its use: its useful life, need for technical support and calibration, need for computer hardware, dependence on the battery, dependence on the internet connection, need for updates to access improvements, possible problems in patients sensitive to light stimuli and in patients with severe intellectual deficits that prevent them from understanding the test instructions or with mobility restrictions that prevent them from manipulating the equipment.
Recognitions
WITSA 2018. Global ICT Excellence Awards. Emerging Digital Solutions Award.
EU Seal of Excellence.
See also
Virtual reality
ADHD
References
Related links
Official site
Neuropsychological tests
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
, originally released in North America as Kicker, is a 1985 beat 'em up video game released by Konami. The game was commercially successful, becoming a chart hit in the arcades. It was ported to several early home computers and has also been featured in classics compilations Konami Arcade Classics in 1998 and Konami Classics Series: Arcade Hits in 2007, and was released for Microsoft's Game Room in 2010.
Plot
Players take control of (renamed Kicker in Kicker, renamed Lee in other ports), who has just mastered the secret of Chin-style Shaolin martial arts. They then encounters the triad , also responsible for the assassination of their master , and is trapped within their . They attempt to escape and enact revenge with their new-found skills.
Gameplay
Controls consist of a four-position joystick and two buttons. The goal of each level ("step") is to defeat a set number of enemies, as indicated by an on-screen meter. The player can move left or right, jump between platforms/floors, and attack with various jumping/kicking strikes.
Enemies emerge from doorways to attack the player; some fight hand-to-hand, while others throw projectiles. Defeating a green-clad enemy causes a colored sphere to appear, which grants the player one of three power-up weapons for a few seconds if caught: a meteor hammer, the ability to throw fireballs, or a ball that orbits the player and damages any enemy it touches. Food items occasionally float across the screen and can be struck for bonus points.
The player can take three hits from enemies or their projectiles and continue fighting, but a fourth hit costs one life. Each step is divided into two parts; the second half includes a fight against a boss character, who requires five hits to defeat and may have a special attack technique. Once all enemies in either half of a step are defeated, the player earns bonus points based on the number of hits taken in that half and the damage meter is fully restored.
The game includes a total of five different step designs, which repeat in a cycle with increasing difficulty. Once all lives are lost, the game ends.
Reception and legacy
In Japan, Game Machine listed Shao-lin's Road on their June 15, 1985 issue as being the twenty-second most-successful table arcade unit of the month. In Europe, Shao-lin's Road was marketed as a follow-up to Yie Ar Kung-Fu and became a commercial success in arcades. The Legend of Kage, released by Taito later the same year, was influenced by Shao-lin's Road.
Records
The current arcade world record is held by Estel Goffinet scoring 50,000,000 points on June 28 of 2014 in just under 32 hours of play. Score is listed in the Twin Galaxies database.
Adrian Rodriguez holds the official world record of 13,007,800 in the MAME platform on Twin Galaxies on 2018.
Notes
External links
Youtube Video: Shao-lin's Road Bruce Lee Edition - Gameplay
1985 video games
Amstrad CPC games
Arcade video games
Beat 'em ups
Commodore 64 games
Konami games
ZX Spectrum games
Video games developed in Japan
Lois Gail Lerner (born October 12, 1950) is an American attorney and former United States federal civil service employee. Lerner became director of the Exempt Organizations Unit of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in 2005, and subsequently became the central figure in the 2013 IRS targeting controversy in the targeting of politically-aligned groups, either denying them tax-exempt status outright or delaying that status until they could no longer take effective part in the 2012 election. On May 10, 2013, in a conference call with reporters, Lerner apologized that Tea Party groups and other groups had been targeted for audits of their applications for tax-exemption. Both conservative and liberal groups were scrutinized. Only three groups — all branches of the Democratic group Emerge America — had tax exemptions revoked. Lerner resigned over the controversy. An investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation, completed in 2015, found "substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment and institutional inertia" but "found no evidence that any IRS official acted based on political, discriminatory, corrupt, or other inappropriate motives that would support a criminal prosecution."
Early life and education
Lerner graduated from Northeastern University. They earned their J.D. from the Western New England College of Law.
Career before the IRS
After graduating from law school, Lerner became a staff attorney in the U.S. Department of Justice Criminal Division.
Lerner then joined the Federal Election Commission's (FEC) general counsel's office as an assistant general counsel in 1981. They spent twenty years at the FEC, being appointed Associate General Counsel for Enforcement (the head of the FEC's Enforcement Division) in 1986. Lerner was acting general counsel for the FEC for the first six months of 2001.
Internal Revenue Service career
Lerner joined the Internal Revenue Service in 2001, as Director of Rulings and Agreements in the Exempt Organizations function of TEGE.
In January 2006, they were appointed Director Exempt Organizations. In that capacity, Lerner led an organization of 900 IRS tax law enforcement officials responsible for a broad range of compliance activities, including examining the operational and financial activities of exempt organizations, processing applications for tax exemption, providing direction through private letter rulings and technical guidance, and providing customer education and outreach to the exempt community.
2013 IRS controversy
On May 10, 2013, in advance of a public release of the audit findings, Lerner answered a planted question at a meeting of the American Bar Association (ABA) by stating that the IRS was "apologetic" for what they termed "absolutely inappropriate" actions. Lerner said that the extra scrutiny had not been centrally planned and had been done by low-level "front-line people" in the Cincinnati office. The Washington Post subsequently reported that documents showed that "IRS officials at the agency's Washington headquarters sent queries to conservative groups asking about their donors and other aspects of their operations, while officials in the El Monte and Laguna Niguel offices in California sent similar questionnaires to tea-party-affiliated groups." Lerner's superior, then-acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller, later testified to Congress that they had discussed with Lerner how they were to make the revelation and apology using a planted question at the ABA meeting, rather than at their appearance two days earlier before the House Ways and Means Committee.
On May 10, 2013, in a conference call with reporters, Lerner apologized that Tea Party groups and other groups had been targeted for audits of their applications for tax-exemption. Lerner told those on the conference call that, in an attempt to manage the large number of tax-exemption applications between 2010 and 2012, the agency had identified some applicants using "shortcuts" such as targeting those applications containing terms like "Tea Party" or "patriots" in their titles. Lerner said, however, that such actions were not driven by any political agenda, but added, "We made some mistakes. Some people didn't use good judgment.... For that we're apologetic." Lerner also said that only about 25 percent of the flagged applications were Tea Party related, but admitted that any singling out of the groups was "absolutely inappropriate and not the way we should do things."
Administrative leave and resignation
On May 23, 2013, the IRS placed Lerner on paid administrative leave. As their interim replacement, Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel named Ken Corbin, previously Deputy Director of the Submission Processing, Wage, and Investment Division, as acting director of the Exempt Organizations Division. Later, while still on administrative leave, Lerner formally resigned, and retired from the IRS, effective September 23, 2013.
2014 Contempt of Congress citation
In May 2014, Lerner was declared in contempt of Congress in connection with their invocation of their Fifth Amendment not to testify on the matter before a congressional committee. The contempt resolution, H.Res. 574, was introduced in the United States House of Representatives on May 7, 2014 by Representative Darrell Issa, Republican of California.
On May 7, 2014, the resolution passed on a 231–187 vote, with all Republicans and six Democrats voting in favor, and every other Democrat opposed. Representative Steve Stockman introduced a measure (never taken up by the House) that, had it been adopted, would have directed Speaker John Boehner to instruct the House sergeant at arms to arrest Lerner for contempt of Congress.
In a seven-page letter to Speaker Boehner dated March 31, 2015, United States Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald Machen said that the Justice Department would not pursue criminal contempt charges against Lerner. Machen disagreed with Issa's assertion that Lerner had waived their constitutional right against self-incrimination by making an opening statement at a May 2013 hearing in which they made a brief opening remark proclaiming their innocence, before invoking their Fifth Amendment privilege. In a statement, the U.S. Attorney's Office wrote: "Ms. Lerner did not waive their Fifth Amendment privilege by making general claims of innocence. The Constitution would provide Ms. Lerner with an absolute defense if they were prosecuted for contempt."
Congressional subpoenaing of Lerner's email messages
In 2014, the House Oversight Committee under Issa issued subpoenas for all of Lerner's email messages. One subpoena directed FEC chairperson Lee E. Goodman to turn over all emails sent to or from Lerner, or copied to Lerner, from the past 28 years, stretching back to January 1, 1986, a time before commercialized email existed.
The House Oversight Committee also subpoenaed the IRS for all e-mails to and from Lerner and various other employees, such as Lerner subordinate Holly Paz, General Counsel William Wilkins and chief of staff Jonathan Davis. At a hearing in March 2014, IRS commissioner John Koskinen said that the IRS had by that time provided 690,000 pages of documents to the House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee and 420,000 of redacted documents to the House and Senate oversight committees. Koskinen said that the IRS had spent 10 months and $15 million complying with various investigations to date, and that it could take months or years to comply with broader subpoenas.
In 2014, in further pursuit of the House of Representatives Congressional inquiry, the House Oversight Committee, chaired by Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), issued a subpoena for all of Lerner's email messages during the time in question. Months later, the IRS informed Congress that they did not have all of their email messages, due to their hard drive crashing, causing them to be irretrievably lost, that the IRS had taken steps to recover the email messages, but that it was impossible. The IRS Inspector General's office said, however, that they found back-up computer tapes, and would attempt to reconstitute the emails from the back-up tapes. Committee Investigators, however, said that when they later went to obtain the backup tapes from the IRS, the IRS employees in the back-up tape unit said that no one from IRS headquarters had ever asked for them.
Hard drive crash and back-up tape erasure of Lerner's emails
Testifying in June 2015, the IRS Deputy Inspector General Timothy P. Camus said that 424 back-up tapes, most likely to have contained the missing emails, were erased in March 2014—a month after the IRS said it realized it was missing some of Lerner's emails because of a hard-drive crash, and although the emails were then under subpoena from the Oversight Committee. They stated, however, that their investigation "did not uncover evidence that the erasure was done ... to destroy evidence or conceal information from Congress," and noted that there was a "remote possibility" that additional emails might still be found. They said that officials were examining the possibility, however, of criminal activity.
Testifying in June 2015, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration Russell George and their deputy, Timothy Camus, told the Oversight Committee an investigation by them had been able to recover more than 1,000 emails that the IRS did not turn over to Congress. Their investigation could not determine why Lerner's computer crashed, but that, "Prior to our investigation, and our efforts to recover Ms. Lerner's missing e-mails, the IRS did not search for, review or examine the two separate sources of backup tapes, the server hard drives, or the loaner laptops that ultimately produced new, previously undisclosed e-mails."
In a statement released June 25, 2015, the IRS said it has "fully cooperated with the investigation," but acknowledged the backup tapes should not have been erased. "The IRS recognizes there was a clear breakdown of communication in one part of the organization regarding the need to preserve and retain the back-up tapes and information," the statement said, noting that an internal review found the erasure wasn't intentional.
Email account under the name "Toby Miles"
On August 23, 2015, the IRS told a federal court that Lerner had a second personal email account that they used to conduct IRS business. The account was set up under the name "Toby Miles." The disclosure occurred in a lawsuit by the Judicial Watch, which is suing to obtain the release of Lerner's emails. According to Eliana Johnson of National Review, a former colleague said that Toby Miles was the name of Lerner's dog.
FBI finds no evidence to support criminal prosecution
The U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI began an investigation into the IRS controversy in May 2013. In October 2015, the DOJ announced it was closing the investigation and would not seek criminal charges. The determination came after an investigation of almost two years, in which the DOJ and FBI interviewed more than 100 witnesses and reviewed more than a million pages of IRS documents.
In a letter to House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, Republican of Virginia, announcing the case closure, Assistant Attorney General for Legislative Affairs Peter J. Kadzik wrote that while "our investigation uncovered substantial evidence of mismanagement, poor judgment, and institutional inertia...Not a single IRS employee reported any allegation, concern or suspicion that the handling of tax-exempt applications—or any other IRS function—was motivated by political bias, discriminatory intent, or corruption." Kadzik wrote "We found no evidence that any IRS official acted based on political, discriminatory, corrupt, or other inappropriate motives that would support a criminal prosecution." Kadzik stated that the investigation specifically absolved Lerner of criminal liability, and determined that Lerner was in fact the first official to recognize a problem and try and correct it.
Reactions to the investigation's conclusions were split along partisan lines. Representative Darrell Issa, Republican of California, the chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said that decision not to prosecute ignored "volumes of evidence in the public record and efforts to obstruct legitimate inquires", and that "giving Lois Lerner a free pass only reinforces the idea that government officials are above the law and that there is no consequence for wrongdoing." Representative Elijah E. Cummings, Democrat of Maryland, the ranking member of the Oversight Committee, said "...I believe the American people have higher expectations for their elected officials, and they want Congress to start doing its job and focusing on issues that matter instead of these ridiculous, partisan, taxpayer-funded attacks." House Judiciary Committee Chairman Goodlatte, the recipient of the DOJ letter, said that DOJ's decision was "...disturbing. The American people should be concerned that this kind of politicization continues to go unchecked by this administration and a Justice Department charged with pursuing wrongdoing", and 19 members of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee led by the committee's Chairman, Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), filed a resolution to impeach IRS Commissioner John Koskinen.
Personal life
Lerner is a past president of the Council on Governmental Ethics Laws (COGEL).
Lerner has stated they are "not a political person" but is a registered Democrat and has voted for candidates from both parties.
See also
Finding Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress (H.Res. 574; 113th Congress)
References
1950 births
Living people
Internal Revenue Service people
IRS targeting controversy
Northeastern University alumni
Western New England University alumni
People from Bethesda, Maryland
Maryland Democrats
Stephen John Solomon (born 24 July 1963) is an Australian chess International Master (IM). They became a FIDE Master (FM) in 1986, and an International Master (IM) in 1990. They won the Australian Junior Chess Championship in 1980 and the Australian Chess Championship in 2008.
Chess career
Solomon learnt to play chess when they were six years old from their parents, who were both chess players. Their early successes included several Victorian Junior Championship victories, and winning the Australian Junior Championship in Canberra in 1980. Their family moved to Queensland in 1985 and they have been based there since.
Solomon has represented Australia in ten Chess Olympiads between 1984 and 2012, usually on board 3 (four times), or board 4 (four times), although they played top board in the 1998 Olympiad in Elista.
They have won or jointly won the Australian Masters international chess tournament seven times between since 1989, most recently in 2009 and 2010. They also won the 2004 Victorian Masters and 2004 Hardy's Classic.
Solomon tied for first place with Darryl Johansen in the 1984 Australian Chess Championship but lost the play-off match. They won the Australian Chess Championship in 2008 however, since first-placed GM Dejan Antic was not eligible for the title.
Solomon won the 2006, 2007, 2011 and 2012 Queensland championships and the 2009 Queensland Open.
Solomon competed in the Oceania Zonal Chess Championships of 2005 (Auckland) and 2009 (Gold Coast), finishing =2nd with a score of 6.5/9 in the 2009 event.
Solomon's consistent results in Australian weekenders have won them the Australian Grand Prix in 1990, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2008 and 2011. They were also awarded the Steiner Medal for Australian Chess Player of the Year in 1997.
Notable games
Stephen Solomon vs Anthony Miles, Australian Championship (1991), Modern Defence: Accelerated Gurgenidze, (B07), 1-0
Stephen Solomon vs Gawain Jones, Australian Championship (2010), Sicilian Defense: Dragon Variation, (B70), 1-0
References
External links
Ozbase - Australian Chess Games Archive
Australian chess players
Chess International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Sportspeople from Melbourne
1963 births
Living people
Radical 80 or radical do not () meaning "mother" or "do not" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes. Chinese characters with a similar component "mother" may also be classified under this radical.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 16 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 99th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
In the Hokkien language, is often used to represent the negation particle , spelled m̄ in Peh-oe-ji and Tai-lo.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6BCB
080
099
The Cavern Clan (Piteco) is a Brazilian comic strip created in 1961 by Mauricio de Sousa. It is part of the Monica's Gang series.
It centers around a prehistoric tribe in the Stone Age and depicts them living in the presence of dinosaurs. Most of the stories feature Pitheco hunting dinosaurs, running away from Tooga, or even their friends and they're fighting against other village's people. The characters were anachronistically aware; for example, if a character needed to walk a long distance, they or they would say, “Too bad they didn't invent the car yet, 'cause otherwise I could go faster”. Mauricio de Sousa was inspired by the American comic strips Tarzan (by Burne Hogarth) and Alley Oop strips and named Pitheco's village Lem (which in Alley Oop refer to Lemuria).
Characters
Pitheco (Piteco) – their whole name is Pithecanthropus erectus da Silva and they live at the fictional Lem Village.  They are mostly portrayed as a hunter who goes after dinosaurs and fish to eat. In some stories, they are also shown as a genius inventor able to create tools, furniture, and accessories used by the contemporary man. They also have to deal with Tooga, who is always attempting to marry them against their will. In most of the early stories, Pitheco found Horacio (another character, a small philosophical T. rex) in their egg, but they troubled Lem and was forced to leave.
Tooga (Thuga) – Tooga has a strong crush on Pitheco. Them the biggest dream is to marry him. However, Pitheco disapproves their idea. Tooga sometimes uses brute force to marry them (like capturing them and taking them to the "church"), but Pitheco always manages to escape.
Hank (Bolota) is Pitheco's best friend.  They are the one to give advice to Pitheco, when they find themselves in a difficult situation.
Loony Lou (Beleléu) is Pitheco's cousin, a weird physicist of that village. However useful their inventions may seem, the citizens consider them a madman.
Zoom & Boom (Zum e Bum) are identical twin thieves. They are homeless, but spend several nights at the local police prison. Their stories mostly feature them trying to escape from prison or attempting to steal valuable objects.
Uncle Glunc (Tio Glunc) is Tooga's 50-year-old uncle. A greedy, petty, and selfish old man, they just wants to learn to become rich and make easy money at the expense of others.  They are arrogant, hates poor people, and wants distance from them. They do not support Pitheco and tries at all costs to marry their niece to a rich husband and good party, so they can be sustained by both.
Ogra is Tooga's best friend. A huge brute and ugly woman, they are single and looking for a boyfriend.
Juiz da Paz is the judge from Lem Village, and is responsible for maintaining order in the clan and also organizing weddings.
Horacio is a young dinosaur that was the pet to Pitheco in the first strips. Until 1963, they followed Pitheco in the stories, until they got their own spin-off series.
Comic books
Stories of the series are often published in comic books of de Sousa characters like Monica, Jimmy Five (Cebolinha) and others since the 1970s, as well as other works created by Maurício de Sousa. The series also had two special comic books in the '90s by Editora Globo as a part of the series Gibizinho, and also an almanac with classic stories that was published by Panini Comics between 2009 and 2014, the latter starring alongside Horacio's World.
Other versions
Pitheco has also made a cameo in the fourth issue of Monica Teen; they appear as a statue at a museum that comes alive after a spell used by Captain Fray.
In 2009, the character gets new version on the graphic novel MSP 50: in a story by the comic artist Flávio Luiz, they meet the Astronaut. In 2010, was released their second graphic novel, MSP + 50, in which Pitheco is the protagonist in three stories, one of them by Beto Nicácio (in which Pitheco was very similar to Marvel Comics' Wolverine), one by Emerson Lopes and another by Fabio Ciccone.
In 2011, was released MSP Novos 50, in which Pitheco starred in two stories: one edited by comic book artist Luke Ross (known for comic book illustrations for American comics) and another by comic book writer Alves. In November 2013, it was published in its first graphic novel starring Pitheco, ''Piteco - Ingá'', script and pencils by Shiko; the title refers to the inscriptions of the Ingá Stone, located in Paraíba. The author, Shiko. is originally from Paraíba.
In June 2019, a new graphic novel entitled "Piteco - Fogo", by Eduardo Ferigato, is launched, featuring new characters, such as Thala, Piteco and Thuga's growing daughter, which can be considered a spiritual sequel of Ingá. Fogo had a sequel in 2021 entitled "Piteco - Presas".
Other medias
In 1965, Pitheco had a picture book released by publisher FTD, which was part of a series of books inspired by the Mauricio de Sousa's characters. In 1971, a song to Pitheco was composed for the album A Bandinha da Turma da Mônica. The characters are also featured in the Monica's Gang's 2007 animated film Uma Aventura no Tempo.
Two episodes of the webseries Monica Toy focused on The Cavern Clan also began to be made under the title Piteco Toy.
Pitheco is also a playable character in the 2018 game Mônica e a Guarda dos Coelhos.
References
The Cavern Clan at Mônica's Gang official website
External links
Monica's Gang
Brazilian comic strips
1961 comics debuts
Comics characters introduced in 1961
Fictional prehistoric characters
Fictional families
Dinosaurs in comic strips
Dinosaurs in comic books
Prehistoric people in popular culture
Comics set in prehistory
Toño Mauri (born July 29, 1964) is a Mexican singer and actor. They have performed in a number of telenovelas since 1985. They survived a double lung transplant after contracting COVID-19.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1964 births
Mexican male film actors
Living people
Mexican male telenovela actors
Mexican people of Italian descent
Micronized rubber powder (MRP) is classified as fine, dry, powdered elastomeric crumb rubber in which a significant proportion of particles are less than 100 µm and free of foreign particulates (metal, fiber, etc.). MRP particle size distributions typically range from 180 µm to 10 µm. Narrower distributions can be achieved depending on the classification technology.
MRP source materials
MRP is typically made from vulcanized elastomeric material, most often from end-of-life tire material, but can also be produced from post-industrial nitrile rubber, ethylene propylene diene monomer (EPDM), butyl and natural rubber compounds.
Characteristics
MRP is a free flowing, black rubber powder that disperses into a multitude of systems and applications. Due to its micron size, MRP can be incorporated into multiple polymers, and provides a smooth surface appearance on finished products. In some cases, in order to improve compatibility with host materials, the MRP is given a chemical treatment to activate, or “make functional” the surface of the powder particles. This is referred to as functionalized MRP or FMRP.
MRP represents an evolution over previous post-manufactured rubber technologies. The most basic rubber processing technology converts end-of-life tire and post-industrial rubber material into rubber chips that are typically one inch or larger in size. These chips are then used in tire-derived fuel and civil engineering projects. A second-generation processing technology converts end-of-life tire and rubber material into crumb rubber, also known as ground tire rubber (GTR). GTR typically comprises chips between one inch and 30 meshes in size, with the associated fiber and steel mostly removed. This material is used in asphalt, as garden mulch and in playgrounds.
MRP is a micron-size material that is produced in various sizes, including 80 meshes and down to 300 meshes. MRP is virtually metal and fiber-free, enabling its use in a wide range of advanced products.
Applications
MRP is used as a compound extender to offset the use of natural rubber and synthetic polymers as well as act as a process aid in material production. In some cases, MRP can reduce formulation costs, because it replaces commodity-priced rubber- and oil-based feedstocks, According to some estimates, MRP offers up to 50 percent cost savings over virgin raw materials.
MRP also can improve the sustainability, and in some cases the performance, of the compounds in which it is used. For example, the smaller particle sizes of MRP are known to increase the impact strength of certain plastic compositions. However, in all applications the particle size and loading levels depend on the target application.
Due to its size and composition, MRP can be incorporated into more advanced and higher-value applications than crumb rubber. Industries incorporating MRP into their products include tire, automotive, construction, industrial components and consumer products. It is also used as an additive in tires, plastics, asphalt, coatings, and sealants. MRP can also be incorporated into prime or recycled grade polypropylene (PP), high-density polyethylene (HDPE) and nylons. Additionally, the incorporation of MRPs in thermoplastic elastomers (TPE) and thermoplastic vulcanizates (TPV) makes it a feasible ingredient for automotive and building and construction applications.
Currently, the leading producer of MRP is Lehigh Technologies, which utilizes a cryogenic turbo mill process with more than 100 million pounds of annual production capacity. MRP produced by Lehigh has set high benchmarks for performance in a range of applications with customers and third-party research institutions, including several studies on increased asphalt performance. Lehigh claims more than 250 million tires on the road today have been made using its MRP.
There is an applicable American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) specification [ASTM D5603-01 (2008)] for the classification of rubber powder, including MRP.
Safety
Numerous U.S. and European studies have found crumb rubber and MRP meet standards for human health and safety. Recently, an EPA study found that crumb rubber in field turfs and playgrounds contained concentrations of materials below harmful levels.
References
Rubber
Recycling
Powders
"The Merchants of Venus", also known by the title "The Merchants of Venus Underground", is a science fiction novella by American writer Frederik Pohl published in 1972 as part of the collection The Gold at the Starbow's End.
It is a satire of runaway free market capitalism. It also features the first appearance of the Heechee.
Plot
The story is about Audee Walthers, an "airbody driver and tour operator", who scams Earth tourists who visit Venus. They need a new liver, so they are seeking a rich client to profit from.  They are pleased to meet the seemingly well-off Boyce Cochenour. However, Walthers finds out that Cochenour also needs money.
Adaptation
The story was adapted as a graphic novel by Victoria Petersen and Neal McPheeters in 1986, as the fourth title in the DC Science Fiction Graphic Novel series.
References
External links
1972 short stories
Works by Frederik Pohl
Short stories set on Venus
Karkan-e Bala (, also Romanized as Karkān-e Bālā and Karakān-e Bāla; also known as Garakān, Garakān-e ‘Olyā, and Karkān-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources (), abbreviated KeTSA, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for energy, natural resources, land, mines, minerals, geoscience, biodiversity, wildlife, national parks, forestry, surveying, mapping and geospatial data.
Organisation
Minister of Energy and Natural Resources
Deputy Minister of Energy and Natural Resources
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
Internal Audit Unit
Legal Advisory Unit
Corporate Communication Unit
Integrity Unit
Key Performance Indicator Unit
Strategic Planning and International Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Natural Resources)
Land, Survey and Geospatial Division
Minerals and Geoscience Division
Biodiversity Management dan Forestry Division
REDD Plus Unit
Deputy Secretary-General (Energy)
Energy Supply Division
Sustainable Energy Division
Senior Under-Secretary (Management Services)
Administration and Finance Division
Information Management Division
Human Resources Management Division
Development Division
Account Division
Federal departments
Department of Director General of Lands and Mines (Federal), or Jabatan Ketua Pengarah Tanah dan Galian Persekutuan (JKPTG). (Official site)
Department of Survey and Mapping Malaysia, or Jabatan Ukur dan Pemetaan Malaysia (JUPEM). (Official site)
Minerals and Geoscience Department Malaysia, or Jabatan Mineral dan Geosains Malaysia (JMG). (Official site)
Forestry Department Peninsular Malaysia, or Jabatan Perhutanan Semenanjung Malaysia (JPSM). (Official site)
Department of Wildlife and National Parks Peninsular Malaysia, or Jabatan Perlindungan Hidupan Liar Dan Taman Negara Semenanjung Malaysia (PERHILITAN). (Official site)
National Institute of Land and Survey, or Institut Tanah dan Ukur Negara (INSTUN). (Official site)
Statutory Bodies
Forest Research Institute Malaysia (FRIM), or Institut Penyelidikan Perhutanan Malaysia. (Official site)
Sustainable Energy Development Authority (SEDA) Malaysia, or Pihak Berkuasa Pembangunan Tenaga Lestari Malaysia (SEDA). (Official site)
The Tin Industry (Research And Development) Board, or Lembaga (Penyelidikan & Kemajuan) Perusahaan Timah. (Official site)
Professional Institution
Board of Geologists Malaysia (BoG), or Lembaga Ahli Geologi. (Official site)
Land Surveyors Board Peninsular Malaysia, or Lembaga Juruukur Tanah. (site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Water, Land and Natural Resources is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
Lands
Continental Shelf Act 1966 [Act 83]
Small Estates (Distribution) Act 1955 [Act 98]
Aboriginal Peoples Act 1954 [Act 134]
Stratum Titles Act 1985 [Act 318]
Federal Lands Commissioner Act 1957 [Act 349]
Stamp Act 1949 [Act 378]
Land Conservation Act 1960 [Act 385]
Interpretation Acts 1948 and 1967 (Consolidated and Revised 1989) [Act 388]
Land Acquisition Act 1960 [Act 486]
Padi Cultivators (Control of Rent and Security of Tenure) Act 1967 [Act 528]
Land (Group Settlement Areas) Act 1960 [Act 530]
National Land Code (Validation) Act 2003 [Act 625]
Mineral and Geoscience
Geological Survey Act 1974 [Act 129]
Mineral Development Act 1994 [Act 525]
Forestry
National Forestry Act 1984 [Act 313]
Wood-based Industries (State Legislatures Competency) Act 1984 [Act 314]
Malaysian Forestry Research and Development Board Act 1985 [Act 319]
International Trade in Endangered Species Act 2008 [Act 686]
Biodiversity
Access to Biological Resources and Benefit Sharing Act 2017 [Act 795]
National Parks Act 1980 [Act 226]
Fisheries Act 1985 [Act 317]
Fees (Marine Parks Malaysia) (Validation) Act 2004 [Act 635]
Biosafety Act 2007 [Act 678]
Wildlife Conservation Act 2010 [Act 716]
Environment
Environmental Quality Act 1974 [Act 127]
Exclusive Economic Zone Act 1984 [Act 311]
Water
Drainage Works Act 1954 [Act 354]
Waters Act 1920 [Act 418]
Water Supply (Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur) Act 1998 [Act 581]
Water Services Industry Act 2006 [Act 655]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Water Resources Policy
National Mineral Policy
National Forestry Policy
National Biodiversity Policy
National Biological Diversity 2016-2025
See also
Minister of Energy and Natural Resources (Malaysia)
References
External links
Ministry of Water, Land and Natural Resources
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Forestry in Malaysia
Mining in Malaysia
Irrigation in Malaysia
Water in Malaysia
Ministries established in 2004
2004 establishments in Malaysia
Mailu Island (sometimes known as the Toulon Island) is a small, 1.8 km long, island in Central Province, Papua New Guinea. It lies 250 km ESE from Port Moresby.
Characteristics
Mailu is an island that has been inhabited since ancient times. It is located 8 km south of the New Guinean coast. Bananas, taro, yams, betel, sugarcane, as well as coconut, areca nut and sago palms grow on the island. The village is located on the NE shores. There is a smaller island right off Mailu's southern point. Pottery was made by the women on Mailu Island and traded with goods from the coast, mainly the South Cape and the Aroma people to the NW.
History
First recorded sighting of Mailu island was by the Spanish expedition of Luís Vaez de Torres, that landed on it on 24 August 1606. It was charted as San Bartolomé. Spaniards reported that its inhabitants called it Ratiles. All the nearby land including the coast of New Guinea was called by the Spaniards Magna Margarita to honour the wife of the king of Spain at that time Philip III, Margaret of Austria. Still today the nearby coastal village of Magarida keeps this name.
This island was visited by Polish anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski in 1914.
Mailu Island was also visited by Austrian anthropologist and photographer Hugo Bernatzik in 1932. Bernatzik, who published an ethnography a few years later, described Mailu as a very pleasant place and had a good impression of the Mailuans, as reliable people of a good character and skilled seafarers. They admired the buildings and the boats and took photographs of Mailu houses from the inside and outside. Bernatzik also took pictures of the islanders and their artifacts, reflecting a culture that they deemed was dying in contact with the modern world. Frank Hurley also visited Mailu during their journeys.
Between 1972 and 1974 New Zealand archaeologist Geoffrey Irwin carried out a survey of Mailu Island and the neighbouring coast where linguistically related groups, speakers of Mailuan languages, live.
See also
Mailuan languages
Mailu language
References
External links
Picture of Mailu by Frank Hurley
Mailu - Economy
Islands of Papua New Guinea
Central Province (Papua New Guinea)
Sonia Mann is an Indian actor and model. They have appeared in films and music videos.
Early life and education
Mann was born on 10 September 1986 in Haldwani to Baldev Singh Mann and Paramjit Kaur. Them father was a left wing activist. They were killed by militants in Amritsar on 26 September 1986 when they were on their way to see their new-born daughter. They were brought up in Amritsar. They completed their school life from Holy Heart Presidency School. Then they completed their college life from BBK DAV College for Women, Amritsar.
Career
Mann appeared in many Punjabi music videos. Them Malayalam film Hide n' Seek in 2012. Then, they appeared in another Malayalam film titled Teens which was released in 2013. They also appeared in a Punjabi film titled Haani which was released in 2013. Them Punjabi film Bade Changey Ne Mere Yaar Kaminey was released in 2014. They also appeared in a Hindi film in that year titled Kahin Hai Mera Pyar.
Mann's Telugu film Dhee Ante Dhee was released in 2015. Them Punjabi film 25 Kille was released in 2016. Them another Punjabi film titled Motor Mitraan Di was also released in that year.
Mann did a cameo role on a Marathi film titled Hrudayantar in 2017. Them second Telugu film titled Dr. Chakravarthy was also released in that year. They were also a part of hindi film Happy Hardy and Heer which was released on 31 January 2020.
Filmography
Music videos
References
External links
Living people
1990 births
Guru Nanak Dev University alumni
Actresses in Punjabi cinema
Actresses in Telugu cinema
Actresses in Malayalam cinema
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Actresses in Marathi cinema
Indian female models
People from Haldwani
Kevin Ray Williams, Jr. (born January 25, 1971) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Arizona Cardinals, Buffalo Bills and San Francisco 49ers. They played college football at the University of Miami.
Early years
Williams attended Franklin D. Roosevelt High School (Dallas), where they averaged 17.1 yards every time they touched the ball. As a senior in 1988, they split time between running back and wide receiver, tallying 100 carries for 995 yards, 10 rushing touchdowns, 36 receptions for 757 yards, 3 punt returns for touchdown and 2 kickoff returns for touchdown.
They finished their high school career with 111 receptions for 1,997 yards (17.9-yard average), 117 carries for 1,339 rushing yards (11.4-yard average), 21 receiving touchdowns, 14 rushing touchdowns and 10 return touchdowns. They averaged 25.6 yards per kickoff returns and 33.2 yards per punt return.
College career
Williams accepted a football scholarship from the University of Miami, where they were the fastest player (4.28 seconds in the 40 yards) in some college football most talented teams. As a redshirt first-year student in 1990, they were the team's kickoff and punt returner. They registered 10 kickoff returns for 231 yards (23.1-yard average), 13 punt returns for 177 yards (13.6-yard average) and 4 receptions for 64 yards.
As a sophomore, they had a breakout season, posting 1,183 all-purpose yards, 36 punt returns for 560 yards (15.6-yard average) and 3 touchdowns, 10 kickoff returns for 185 yards (18.5-yard average), 21 receptions for 330 yards and 3 touchdowns.
They had 3 consecutive games with punt returns for touchdowns, setting a school record and one shy of the NCAA record. Against Penn State University, they totaled 217 return yards (152 yards in punt returns) on seven attempts, including a 91-yard punt return for a touchdown (school record).
They were named the Big East special teams player of the year and received first-team All-American and All-Big East honors. They were a part of the Hurricane's 1991 National Championship team.
As a junior, they struggled with ankle and knee injuries, including the fact that several opponents chose not to kick to him. They recorded 29 punt returns for 302 yards (10.4-yard average), 4 kickoff returns for 82 yards (20.5-yard average), 40 receptions (fourth on the team) for 457 yards, 2 receiving touchdowns and a 68-yard pass completion for a touchdown. They declared for the NFL Draft after the season.
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
In the 1993 NFL draft, the Dallas Cowboys traded their first-round draft choice (#29-George Teague) and fourth-round pick (#112-Al Fontenot) to the Green Bay Packers in exchange for two second-round picks (#46 and #54-Darrin Smith) and a fourth-round draft choice (#94-Derrick Lassic). The Cowboys selected Williams with their first choice in the second round.
As a rookie, they had a 10.5-yard punt return average (third in the NFC) and a 22.2-yard kickoff return average (sixth in the NFC). Their best moment came in the infamous Leon Lett Thanksgiving game against the Miami Dolphins, where they scored all of the team's points (except the conversions) on a 4-yard reception and a 64-yard punt return.
In 1994, their 26.7-yard kickoff return average ranked fourth in the NFL and was the third highest single-season average in club history. They ranked sixth in the NFC with an 8.9-yard punt return average. They became the first player in franchise history to score a touchdown on a punt and a kickoff return in the same season. They set a team record for combined kickoff and punt return yardage (1,497), breaking Mel Renfro's 1964 mark of 1,435 yards. They also became the all-time team leader in combined touchdowns scored on kickoff and punt returns with 4. They were the first player in team history to score off a kickoff and a punt return in the same season. Also the first player to score career touchdowns on punt returns, kickoff, receiving and rushing.
In 1995, they received the opportunity as the starting wide receiver opposite to Michael Irvin after the departure of Alvin Harper, but never became the consistent big play complement that was expected from him. They had 38 receptions for 613 yards, 2 touchdowns and ranked sixth in the NFC with a 22.6-yard kickoff return average.
Against the Arizona Cardinals, they set a club record with 307 combined net yards and had the sixth best single-game receiving total in franchise history at the time, with 203 yards, adding two touchdown receptions of 25 and 48 yards. Against the San Francisco 49ers, they became the team's record holder for career kickoff return yards and combined kickoff/punt return yards. They set the franchise single-season record for kickoff returns with 49.
In 1996, they were limited to only 10 games with a broken foot suffered in a 10-7 loss against the Buffalo Bills. They finished with 27 receptions for 323 yards and one touchdown. In 1997, they decided to leave the team via free agency, after Anthony Miller was signed to take over the second receiver role.
Williams speed and return abilities were always valued during their time with the Cowboys, setting the franchise career records for number of kickoff returns (144), number of combined returns (239) and kickoff return yards (3,4616) in just four seasons.
Arizona Cardinals
On July 15, 1997, they signed a one-year contract as a free agent with the Arizona Cardinals, where they played special teams and was a backup wide receiver. Their 59 kickoff returns for 1,458 yards set a team single-season record and they also set a team record against the Atlanta Falcons with 207 kickoff return yards in a game.
Their biggest offensive contribution came in week 15 versus the New Orleans Saints, where they racked 4 catches for 54 yards. They tied for fourth on the team with 20 receptions for 273 yards and one touchdown.
Buffalo Bills
On February 13, 1998, they signed as a free agent with the Buffalo Bills. They were third on the team with 29 receptions for 392 yards and one touchdown, while also being the team's kickoff and punt returner.
In 1999, they tied for fourth on the team with 31 receptions for 381 yards, while also being the team's kickoff and punt returner. They were released on April 14, 2000.
San Francisco 49ers
On July 18, 2000, they were signed by the San Francisco 49ers to be the punt and kickoff returner. They aren't re-signed after the season. They finished their career with 178 receptions for 2,314 yards and 7 touchdowns, 167 rushing yards and 2 touchdowns, 7,309 kickoff return yards with 1 touchdown and 2,295 yards and 3 touchdowns on punt returns. They gained a total of 12,085 all purpose yards.
NFL career statistics
Receiving Stats
Returning Stats
References
External links
Kevin Williams Is A Little Guy Filling Big Shoes For Cowboys
Cowboys' Best Return Specialists
1971 births
Living people
Players of American football from Dallas
American football wide receivers
American football return specialists
Miami Hurricanes football players
Dallas Cowboys players
Arizona Cardinals players
Buffalo Bills players
San Francisco 49ers players
Franklin D. Roosevelt High School (Dallas) alumni
Zoulehia Abzetta Dabonne (born 15 December 1992) is an Ivory Coast judoka. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's -57 kg. At the 2020 Summer Olympics, they competed in the women's 57 kg event.
In 2021, they won one of the bronze medals in their event at the 2021 African Judo Championships held in Dakar, Senegal.
References
External links
Olympic judoka of Ivory Coast
1992 births
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Ivorian female judoka
African Games silver medalists for Ivory Coast
African Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Judoka at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Tranmere Oil Terminal is situated on the River Mersey, south of Birkenhead. It was opened on 8 June 1960 to handle vessels of up to 65,000 tons, at two berths (North and South). It is connected to the Stanlow Oil Refinery by a pipeline. Part of the terminal occupies the site of a former ferry service to Liverpool, with the extant pier considerably modified.
History
The terminal was built jointly by Shell Oil, then the owner of Stanlow Oil Refinery, and the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board at a cost of £6 million. It was built to replace Eastham Oil Terminal which had only been inaugurated in 1954, but which did not have sufficient water depth to handle the 65,000 ton vessels that were operating by 1960.
By 2001, the terminal had two converted crude oil tanks which could handle . These were used for the storage of crude oil from the Foinaven oilfield.
Current operations
All the crude oil feedstock for Stanlow Oil Refinery is delivered via the Tranmere terminal. The terminal is capable of handling vessels of up to 65,000 tonnes, and cargo sizes up to 170,000 tonnes on part laden Very Large Crude Carriers (VLCCs). Tranmere currently (2020) handles 140 ships every year, carrying a total of 9 million tonnes of crude oil.
The minimum water depth at Tranmere is 40 ft. (12.2 m), and there is a tidal range of 30 ft. (9.14 m).
The terminal is operated by the Mersey Docks and Harbour Company.
See also
Oil terminals in the United Kingdom
UK oil pipeline network
References
Sources
External links
MultiMap
Buildings and structures in Birkenhead
Mersey docks
Petroleum infrastructure in the United Kingdom
Oil terminals
Peel Ports
Ricinine is a toxic alkaloid found in the castor plant. It can serve as a biomarker of ricin poisoning. It was first isolated from the castor seeds by Tuson in 1864.
Ricinine has insecticidal effects.
It sublimes between 170 and 180 °C at 20 mmHg. It does not form salts, and is precipitated in iodine or mercuric chloride solutions, but not in Mayer's reagent.
It can be hydrolyzed to methanol and ricininic acid by alkali.
See also
Ricin
References
Alkaloids
2-Pyridones
Nitriles
Ethers
Ricin
Plant toxins
Castor oil plant
The Ariadne J. and Mary A. Borden House is a historic house located at 92 Globe Street in Fall River, Massachusetts.
Description and history
It is a two-story, wood-framed structure designed in the Second Empire style, complete with a mansard roof pierced by dormers, paired sawn brackets at the eaves, and a single-story bracketed porch. It was built in 1882 for Ariadne and Mary Borden, sisters who were both principals of grammar schools (and distant relations to Lizzie Borden's father). The structure is considered one of the best examples of a small two-story mansard cottage in the city.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16, 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Second Empire architecture in Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1882
Telenor Avidi AS was a subsidiary of Telenor Plus Holdings AS which is 100% owned by the Norwegian telecommunications company Telenor ASA. The company has now been merged with Telenor's cable and satellite television subsidiary Canal Digital. Telenor Avidi was the largest provider of cable television in Norway.
Defunct companies of Norway
Telenor
Cable television companies of Norway
Copșa Mică (; ) is a town in Sibiu County, Transylvania, Romania, located north of Sibiu, 33 km east of Blaj, and 12 km southwest of Mediaș. The town's population of 5,201 (as of 2011) is significantly lower compared to its previous level in 1989, the year communism collapsed in Romania. At the 2011 census, 78.8% of inhabitants were Romanians, 11.9% Roma, and 8.7% Hungarians.
Pollution
The town is best known for its status (dating to the 1990s) as one of the most polluted in Europe. This was due to the emissions of two factories in the area:
One, open from 1935 to 1993, produced carbon black for dyes; its emissions permeated the area for nearly sixty years, leaving soot on homes, trees, animals, and everything else in the area. The stain from these decades of deposits are still visible.
The other source of the pollution, less visible but with even more serious effects to the health of the town's residents, was Sometra, a smelter whose emissions have contributed to significantly higher incidence of lung disease and impotence, along with a life expectancy nine years below Romania's average.
Administration and local politics
Town council
The town's current local council has the following political composition, according to the results of the 2020 Romanian local elections:
Natives
Dan Tăpălagă, journalist
References
External links
Town's official website (in Romanian)
1993 project funded by UNIDO to assist in the establishment of cleaner production practices at Sometra
Satellite photos of Copșa Mică in 1986 and 2004
fragilecologies.com: The People and Pollution of Copșa Mică, Romania
Copșa Mică's Past and Future: Can Europe's Most Polluted Town Go Green?
Towns in Romania
Populated places in Sibiu County
Localities in Transylvania
Monotowns in Romania
Bomberman, known in Japan as , is a video game developed by Hudson Soft for the PlayStation Portable handheld console. It was released in Japan in July 2006, in North America in September 2006, and in the PAL regions in February 2007. It was initially released as simply Bomberman outside Japan, but later released in North America as Bomberman Legacy.
Gameplay
Players must navigate a series of levels, defeating enemies by blowing them up with Bomberman's infinite supply of bombs. Unlike previous games, power-ups are added to an inventory to be used when the player wishes, rather than activated immediately upon collection. Power-ups in the player's inventory are carried over should the player lose a life, but those which have been used have their effects canceled. A total of 18 different power-ups are available in the game.
Reception
The game received above-average reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of two sevens and two sixes for a total of 26 out of 40.
References
External links
Bomberman Portable at the PlayStation website
Konami Website on Bomberman (PSP)
2006 video games
Bomberman
Hudson Soft games
Konami games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
Strategy video games
Video games scored by Hideki Sakamoto
Video games developed in Japan
Highland School, also known as Highland Graded School, is a historic school building located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1921, and is a two-story, brick building with hipped slate roof in the Classical Revival style. It has a projecting nine-bay central pavilion. A brick "gymtorium"(which has since been torn down) and lunchroom building was built in 1950 and connected by a covered walkway. It has since been converted into the Highland School Apartments.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
School buildings completed in 1921
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
1921 establishments in North Carolina
Siedliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fajsławice, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 520.
References
Siedliska
Matthew Richter (born 1968 in New York City) is an American author, producer, performer, and arts entrepreneur living in Seattle, Washington.  They are the Interim Executive Director of the Cultural Space Agency, having most recently served for 9 years as the Cultural Space Liaison for the City of Seattle.  They are also well known as the founder of Consolidated Works, a contemporary arts center in Seattle.
Richter has been producing alternative contemporary art, performance, film and music since their graduation from Northwestern University in 1990. In 1992, they formed the seminal Rm 608, a gallery for visual and performing arts, in an abandoned storefront on Seattle's Capitol Hill. The "small but influential" (The Stranger) organization served as the launching point for local talents such as David Schmader, the Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players, Kia Sian, and Kristen Kosmas, and over the course of its two-year lifespan presented over 200 world-premiere works of theater and performance art, several of which received continued runs off-Broadway in New York City. On its closing in 1994 (the organization's lifespan was built into its structure, and the closing was anticipated) Richter was quoted in The Seattle Weekly as saying, "Organizations should end, in the same way that performances end, so that the audience can clap, go home, and think about what it meant."
In 1994, they were hired as the Theater Editor of The Stranger, the alternative newsweekly in Seattle. While there, they expanded their interest in writing and published investigative journalism (according to the paper's website, one undercover report earned them personal bodyguard protection following death threats made by the group investigated) and feature-length articles that were reprinted in alternative newsweeklies around the country. They were also published in an American Heritage college geography textbook. They left the newspaper in 1997 but continues to publish sporadically, most recently writing on the issue of nonprofit reform in America.
In 1998, they formed Consolidated Works, a contemporary arts center in Seattle, housed in a renovated warehouse in Seattle's South Lake Union neighborhood. Art in America called ConWorks (as it was known for short) "the most dazzling" alternative arts space in the Northwest. Over the course of seven years as its executive director, they grew the organization into one of the region's most prestigious arts presenters, working with teams of curators and producers to fill the facility's theater, cinema, visual art gallery, music hall, lecture stage, and bar. The center flourished, reportedly thanks to Richter's "legendary fundraising skills" and "internationally renowned programming" (Seattle Post-Intelligencer).
In 2002 they were one of twelve individuals invited under the auspices of the Rockefeller Foundation to contribute as founding members of the National Arts and Technology Network. In 2003 they received the Seattle Mayor's Arts Award on behalf of ConWorks, and also in 2003 was one of 12 recipients nationally of the Safeco Insurance Rudy Award for leadership in the nonprofit sector. A profile of the Seattle arts scene in Art in America referred to Richter as "an arts visionary." A profile in The Stranger referred to them as "freakishly ambitious."
External links
Chronicle of Philanthropy: A Parting of Ways
On the Boards: Dinner Theater
Seattle Weekly: Cuisine / Art
Seattle Post-Intelligencer: Arts Community Rallies for Richter
Seattle Channel: Seattle Voices with Matt Richter, 7/22/2004
Art In America: Plugged in and Caffeinated
Seattle Post-Intelligencer: A Moment With Matthew Richter
Seattle Weekly: The Conjurer
The Stranger: In Arts News - Wrecking Ball Report
The Stranger: Art Goes Here
Seattle Weekly: Small World
The Stranger: Author Archive
14/48 Festival official site
xom official website
1968 births
Culture of Seattle
Living people
Writers from Seattle
Writers from New York City
American artists
The Adoudounien (or Adoudounian) is an obsolete geological stage used in North Africa to characterise stratigraphic formations located at the transition between the Ediacarian (last period of the Neoproterozoic) and the Cambrian (first period of the Paleozoic). While largely used in the scientific literature in the 20th century and still common in articles related to the geology of Morocco, the definition of this unofficial term remains blurry and no start and end dates where associated to it.
References
Geological ages
Geology of Africa
The Governor of Les Invalides () is a French military personality and figure, named by the French Government () to direct the institution of the Hôtel des Invalides () of Paris.
History
Since creation, the Hôtel des Invalides () was directed by Governors until 1792. A General Administration Council () ensured the direction of the institute from 1793 to 1796. Since then, the latter's directorate was exercised successively by Commandants, from 1796 to 1803, Governors from 1803 to 1871, then Commandants from 1871 to 1941, and again by Governors since that date.
Attributions
The function is assured by a général officer nominated for a period of five years by the President of France based on the proposition of the Council of Ministers (). These attributions are fixed by a decree of February 25, 1961, modified by another decree of May 6, 1991.
The Governors of Les Invalides is member by rights of Law () to the administration council of the national Institute of Les Invalides, at the title of the representatives of the State, with the title of Vice-President. « Designated to represent the President of the Republic, titular protector of the Institution, near by the retired veterans and military wounded, hospitalized at the Invalides, they exhaust all their influence so that the concerned veterans, in all sort of, and under any circumstances, are attested for their service and have the recognition of the Nation. ».
 They are a member by right of Law of the Musée de l'Armée. They authorize all the diverse manifestations and official ceremonies that take lieu at the corps of the Hôtel des Invalides (), out of which notably the Cathedral Saint-Louis of Les Invalides (). They reside in the Hôtel des Invalides, along with their secretariat. If they die in office while in official function () tenure, they could be buried in the Governors Vaults.
Since August 1, 2017, the Governor of Les Invalides is général de corps d'armée Christophe de Saint-Chamas, who succeeded to général d'armée Bertrand Ract-Madoux, resigning from the date of May 12, 2017.
Governors & Commandants of Les Invalides since 1670
Gouverneurs des Invalides
1670-1678 : François Lemaçon d'Ormoy (1***-1677)
1678-1696 : Chevalier André Blanchard de Saint-Martin de Taley (1613-1696)
1696-1705 : Nicolas Desroches d'Orange () (1626-1705)
1705-1728 : Alexandre de Boyveau (1646-1727), Maréchal de camp.
1728-1730 : Eugène de Beaulieu de Jauges
1730-1738 : Pierre de Vissec de Ganges (1652-1737)
1738-1742 : Joseph de Mornay de Saint-André (1670-1742), designated simultaneously as Marnais de la Bastie, Knight of Saint-André.
1742-1753 : Jean-Marie Cornier de la Courneuve (1670-1753)
1753-1766 : général François d'Azemard de Panat de la Serre (1695-1766)
1766-1783 : Lieutenant-General Jean Joseph Sahuguet d'Espagnac (1713-1783)
1783-1786 : Lieutenant-General Charles Benoît de Guibert (1715-1786)
1786-1792 : Charles-François Virot, Marquis de Sombreuil () (1727-1794)
1793-1796 : General Council Administration
1796-1796 : général Arnaud Baville () (1757-1813), Commandant.
1796-1797 : général Louis-Adrien Brice de Montigny (), Commandant.
1797-1804 : général Jean-François Berruyer () (1738-1804), Commandant then designated as Governor on August 28, 1803.
1804-1815 : Marshal Jean Mathieu Philibert Sérurier () (1742-1819)
1816-1821 : Marshal François-Henri de Franquetot, duc de Coigny () (1737-1821)
1821-1822 : Marshal Louis-Antoine de Lignaud de Lussac () (1755-1832), interim Governor of the Royal Hotel of Les Invalides from May 19, 1821, until January 1, 1822.
1822-1830 : général Victor Marie Nicolas de Faÿ Marquis de La Tour-Maubourg () (1768-1850)
1830-1833 : Marshal Jean-Baptiste Jourdan () (1762-1833)
1833-1842 : Marshal Bon Adrien Jeannot de Moncey (), Duke de Cornegliano (1754-1842)
1842-1847 : Marshal Nicolas Charles Oudinot (), Duke de Reggio (1767-1847), died in office while in official function tenure at the age 80.
1847-1848 : Marshal of France Gabriel Jean Joseph Molitor () (1770-1849)
1848-1852 : Their Imperial Highness Prince Jérôme Napoléon () (1784-1860)
1852-1853 : général de division Jean-Toussaint Arrighi de Casanova () (1778-1853), died in office while in official function tenure at age 75.
1853-1863 : Marshal of France Philippe Antoine, Count d'Ornano () (1784-1863), died in office while in official function tenure at age 79.
1863-1870 : général de division Anatole Charles Alexis Becelair, Marquis de La Wœstine () (1786-1870), senator of the Second French Empire (); died in office while in official function tenure at age 84.
1870-1871 : général de division Edmond-Charles de Martimprey () (1808-1883), Senator of the Second French Empire;
1871-1891 : général Louis Sumpt (1816-1891), Commandant.
1891-1902 : général de brigade Paul-Édouard Arnoux (1822-1902), Commandant.
1902-1919 : général de division Gustave Léon Niox () (1840-1921), Commandant.
1919-1923 : général de brigade Gabriel Malleterre (1858-1923), Commandant, died in office while in official function tenure at age 65.
1924-1944 : général de brigade Augustin Eugène Mariaux () (1864-1944), Commandant then Governor in 1941, died in office while in official function tenure at age 80.
1944-1944 : général de brigade Guy Pinon (1888-1947)
1944-1951 : général de division Antoine Rodes (1870-1951), died in office while in official function tenure at age 81.
1951-1960 : général d'armée aérienne Jean Houdémon (1885-1960), died in office while in official function tenure at age 75.
1961-1962 : général de division André Kientz (1896-1962), died in office while in official function tenure at age 66.
1962-1964 : général de corps d'armée Charles Raoul Magrin-Vernerey, dit Ralph Monclar () (1892-1964), died in office while in official function tenure at age 72.
September 1, 1964 - March 30, 1973 : général de brigade Jacques de Grancey (1893-1973), died in office while in official function tenure at age 80.
July 15, 1973 - July 14, 1991 : général d'armée Gabriel de Galbert (1912-2001)
July 15, 1991 - December 31, 1996 : général d'armée Maurice Schmitt () (1930-)
January 1, 1997 - June 30, 2002 : général d'armée Bertrand Guillaume de Sauville de La Presle (1937-)
July 1, 2002 - June 30, 2009 : général d'armée Hervé Gobilliard () (1941-)
July 1, 2009 - August 31, 2014 : général d'armée Bruno Cuche() (1947-)
September 19, 2014 - May 22, 2017 : général d'armée Bertrand Ract-Madoux() (1953-)
August 1, 2017 – present : général de corps d'armée Christophe de Saint-Chamas() (1959-)
Gallery Les Invalides
See also
Military governor of Paris
Lieutenant-General (France)
Marshal of France
Major (France)
général de division
See also
Musée de l'Armée
External links
Official Website of Les Invalides .
References
Notes
Military ranks of France
Iimani David (born December 15, 1969) is an American poet and author of literary fiction whose novels and short stories are often branded as an extreme form of impressionism and are known for their sociopolitical commentary and metaphysical bent.
Biography
David was born in New York City in 1969. They owned a poetry club in Brooklyn, Cafe Iimani's, from 2000 to 2006. David is best known for their work Anathema Rhodes: Dreams which was nominated in 2009 for book of the year by ForeWord Magazine.  They are the President of The New York Literary Society.
Selected works
Novels
The Bastard (2012)
Anathema Rhodes: Dreams (2009)
Short stories
I Am Per, (2019)
the store, (2010)
Boogieyakka, (2009)
Dead Body, (2009)
A Terribly Awful Thing - renamed Pathetique, (2007)
Incidents at Willow Ridge, (1999)
My Dream of the Hole, (1998) - Appears in Anathema Rhodes
Max Andersson, (date unknown)
Slacker Nation, (date unknown)
Baby-eater, (date unknown)
When Women Were Ladies, (date unknown)
Anthologies
Three Gymnopédies for Literature, (2019) - Short Story Collection
1969, (2017) - Poetry release with poems from 1994 through 2015
Poems
You Are, (2009) - Appears unfinished in Rhapsodies (1999)
Black Doves, (1999) - Appears in Rhapsodies
Bloodstains, (1998) - Appears in The Bastard
Dark Crevices, (1995) - Appears in Anathema Rhodes
Cut Roses, (1994) - Appears in Descendants of Caine
Artistic Influences
David claims their works are more influenced by filmmakers than literary figures and cites the early works of Roman Polanski, David Lynch, and Krzysztof Kieslowski as sources of inspiration.
References
External links
Iimani David.com
The New York Literary Society
ForeWord Magazine
Goodreads
1969 births
21st-century American novelists
Living people
Writers from Brooklyn
Magic realism writers
African-American novelists
21st-century American poets
American male novelists
American male poets
American male short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American male writers
Novelists from New York (state)
African-American poets
21st-century African-American writers
20th-century African-American people
African-American male writers
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
WARR (1520 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an African American Variety format to the Warrenton, North Carolina, United States, area. The station is currently owned by Logan Darensburg d/b/a Darensburg Broadcasting.
WARR went on the air in 1970 in Warren County, North Carolina. Transmitter output was 1,000 watts at the time. The station was co-founded by Vernon Steed, owner of the Warren Theater. Their partner was Jim Mayers, the owner of WSRC located in Durham, North Carolina at the time. The transmitter power was later increased to 5,000 watts during the daytime, but remained at 1,000 watts during critical hours. WARR holds a daytime-only license.
In 1994, the station was sold to the Johnson Media Group. In 2002, WARR was acquired by Quad Divisions, Inc doing business as Darensburg Broadcasting, headed by Logan James Darensburg, II. Currently, Reverend Dr. Lilipiana D. Darensburg serves as General Manager and President of the station.
During 2011, WARR aired some North Carolina Central University sports events.
References
External links
ARR
ARR
Nullotitan (meaning "Nullo's giant", in honor of paleontologist Francisco Nullo) is a genus of lithostrotian titanosaur from the Chorrillo Formation from Santa Cruz Province in Argentina. The type and only species is Nullotitan glaciaris. It was a contemporary of the ornithopod Isasicursor which was described in the same paper.
Discovery and naming
In 1980, geologist Francisco E. Nullo noticed the presence of sauropod bones on a hillside of the Estancia Alta Vista, south of the Centinela River in the Santa Cruz province of Argentina. They reported these finds to then-prominent paleontologist José Bonaparte. Bonaparte dug up a large cervical vertebra in 1981 and reported it as a cf. Antarctosaurus. The old site was relocated and new excavations were carried out between 13 and 17 January and 14 to 19 March 2019, and a new site was discovered on the Estancia La Anita. A whole new fauna came to light on an area of . including six concentrations of bones that could be assigned to the original find, which was now recognized as a new sauropod species.
In 2019, the type species Nullotitan glaciaris was named and described by Fernando Emilio Novas, Federico Lisandro Agnolin, Sebastián Rozadilla, Alexis Mauro Aranciaga-Rolando, Federico Brisson-Egli, Matias Javier Motta, Mauricio Cerroni, Martín Dario Ezcurra, Agustín Guillermo Martinelli, Julia S. D´Angelo, Gerardo Alvarez -Herrera, Adriel Roberto Gentil, Sergio Bogan, Nicolás Roberto Chimento, Jordi Alexis García-Marsà, Gastón Lo Coco, Sergio Eduardo Miquel, Fátima F. Brito, Ezequiel Ignacio Vera, Valeria Susana Perez Loinaze, Mariela Soledad Fernández and Leonardo Salgado. The large number of authors is a consequence of the fact that the article described the entire fauna in which every expert contributed their part. The genus name honors Nullo and links their name to a Greek "titan", referring to the large race of powerful giants, the Titans of Greek mythology. The species designation refers to the Perito Moreno Glacier that is visible from the site.
The holotype, MACN-PV 18644; MPM 21542, is found in a layer of the lower Chorrillo Formation that dates from the Campanian-Maastrichtian. It consists of a partial skeleton without a skull. The following are preserved: a third cervical vertebra (the MACN-PV 18644 specimens found by Bonaparte in 1981), tail vertebrae, a neck rib, ribs, a left shoulder blade, the ends of a right thigh bone, a right shin, a right calf bone, and a right ankle bone. These bones were found scattered but were believed to represent one individual.
In addition, various specimens were allocated. MPM 21545 is a patchy skeleton of which only a humerus, a rib and a vertebra are found. It was a hundred meters from the holotype and higher on the slope so that it is probably another individual that is also clearly smaller than the type specimen. MPM 21546 consists of separate rear tail vertebrae. MPM 21547 consists of a series of five middle tail vertebrae found in a different position. These have not yet been excavated. MPM 21548 has been found in a different position and consists of a left shin. A few meters away lay specimen MPM 21549, a front central vertebra. Eggshells and teeth of sauropods are also stored in this position. No osteoderms have been found anywhere. The fossils are part of the collection Museo Regional Provincial "Padre Molina", with the exception of the original cervical vertebra that is kept in the Museo Argentino de Ciencias Naturales "Bernardino Rivadavia".
Description
Size and distinctive features
Nullotitan is a huge sauropod. The found remains of the holotype point to an animal of more than in length.
The descriptors were able to identify some distinguishing features. Two of them are autapomorphies, unique derived properties. The anterior and middle tail vertebrae have sides and undersides that are eroded by numerous large depressions that do not pierce the bone wall. From the front or rear, the fibula has a striking, wavy bend.
In addition, there is a unique combination of characteristics that are not unique in themselves. The vertebral bodies of the anterior tail vertebrae are remarkably short, twice as wide across as horizontally long. At the middle tail vertebrae there is a large trough on the side that is covered from above by the side protrusion. The tail vertebrae are not pneumatized. The middle tail vertebrae have a deep longitudinal trough on the underside bounded by two thick ridges. The lower end of the tibia is flattened from the front to the rear and widened more across than with other titanosaurs.
Skeleton
The cervical vertebra of the holotype is elongated with a length of and rather low with a height of , apart from the broken vertebral arch. The side is pierced by a large oval pleurocoel. The bottom is flat. The bone has many small air chambers internally, known as camellae.
The anterior tail vertebrae have an oval anterior facet. The sides slope down steeply. The side projections are high and flattened from front to back. The first tail vertebra is approximately twenty-five centimeters long and forty wide. The hollows on the sides are randomly distributed, separated by ridges. They are elongated and run lengthwise. Perhaps there were epaxial tendons anchored in it, holding the tail up. The middle tail whirls are square in side view, have a convex cotyle at the back, a deep longitudinal trough on the underside, numerous but shallower recesses, and short conical side protrusions placed at the middle height. The Musculus caudofemoralis, the large retractor muscle that pulled the femur backwards, continued to the sixteenth vertebra. The procoal posterior tail vertebrae are elongated, flattened and with a conical cotyle.
The shoulder blade shows few details. There is a bump on the inside, above the level of the acromial process, close to the front and top edges. On the inside there is also a protrusion on the bottom edge.
The humerus of MPM 21545 is long. It is relatively slim, with a robustness index (RI) of 2.8. The delta-detectoral comb is relatively short with the lower edge at a quarter of the shaft length measured from above, a basic characteristic.
The femur has lower joint nodules that are about the same size. The lower shaft is strongly flattened from front to back, up to . The tibia of the holotype has a length of . It is robust and extremely wide at the bottom. The fibula is . It is robust with an RI of 0.4 but not extreme. The shaft bolt outwards. The ends are strongly widened from front to back. The upper surface runs horizontally. The leg has a low rising branch and a strong widening inside.
Phylogeny
Nullotitan was placed within the Titanosauria in the Colossosauria in 2019, although its precise relationships remain unclear.
Notes
References
Titanosaurs
Campanian life
Maastrichtian life
Late Cretaceous dinosaurs of South America
Cretaceous Argentina
Fossil taxa described in 2019
Tom (or Toms) was launched in 1780 in America, possibly under another name. They first appeared in British records in 1792. From 1792 Tom participated as a slave ship in the triangular trade in enslaved people. They made two complete voyages from Liverpool. French frigates captured them in 1794 while they were on their third voyage, but before they could acquire any slaves.
Career
Toms first appeared in Lloyd's Register (LR) in the volume for 1792.
1st slaving voyage (1792): Captain Brine sailed from Liverpool on 13 April 1792. Tom started acquiring slaves at the Congo River on 9 August, and sailed from there on 10 September. Toms arrived at Grenada on 6 November with Maxwell, master. Tom had embarked 239 slaves and they arrived with 233, for a 3% mortality rate. They arrived back at Liverpool on 25 December. They had left Liverpool with 26 crew members and suffered one crew death on their voyage.
2nd slaving voyage (1793–1794): Captain Brine sailed from Liverpool on 23 January 1793. War with France began just after Tom left on their second slave trading voyage. Captain John Brine was issued a letter of marque on 28 February 1793. Lloyd's List reported in March that Tom, Brine, master, had been sailing from Liverpool to Africa when they were driven on shore at Hoylake. They were got off and returned into dock to repair some damage.
Tom began acquiring slaves at the Congo River 28 June. They left Africa on 3 September and arrived at St Croix on 23 November. They had embarked 236 slaves and they arrived with 216 for an 8% mortality rate. They sailed for Liverpool on 10 January 1794 and arrived there on 22 February. They had left Liverpool with 31 crew members and they had suffered 16 crew deaths on their voyage.
Third slaving voyage(1794-Loss): Captain James Galt acquired a letter of marque on 10 March 1794. They sailed from Liverpool on 26 March 1794.
Fate
In July 1794 Lloyd's List reported that two French frigates had captured at least four British vessels off Madeira. Two, Tom, Galt, master, and , Stringen, master, were on their way to Africa. Forty-six people, part of the crews of the four vessels, were landed at Madeira.
Citations
1770 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Liverpool slave ships
Captured ships
Route 110 is a short highway in Jefferson County. Its eastern terminus is at U.S. Route 67 about six miles (10 km) east of De Soto; its western terminus is at Route 21 a few miles north of De Soto. De Soto and Olympian Village are the only cities on the route.
Route description
Route 110 begins at an intersection with Route 21 north of De Soto, heading southeast on a two-lane undivided road. The route passes through wooded areas with some fields and homes, crossing over Union Pacific's De Soto Subdivision and coming to an intersection with Route P. The road leaves the De Soto area and heads east through more rural areas with some development. Farther east, Route 110 comes to its eastern terminus at an interchange with US 67 in Olympian Village, where Route CC heads to the north.
History
In January 2012, the Missouri Highways and Transportation Commission approved the use of Missouri Route 110 to include all of Missouri's part of the Chicago–Kansas City Expressway and to correspond to Illinois 110 from Hannibal, MO to Chicago. The CKC Missouri 110 follows Interstate 35 from the Kansas State Line in Kansas City to US 36 in Cameron, then follows US 36 (and the short part of Interstate 72) to Hannibal.
The intersection with Route 21 was relocated to the south in July 2018.
Major intersections
References
110
Transportation in Jefferson County, Missouri
The Autonomous Government of Khorasan was a short-lived military state set up in Iran. It was formally established on the April 2, 1921, and collapsed a few months later, on October 6, 1921. The capital was Mashhad.
State information
Established: 2 April 1921
Dissolved: 6 October 1921
Capital: Mashhad, Khorasan
Major Administrative Towns: Nishapur, Quchan, Bojnourd, Sabzevar, Torbat-e Heydarieh, Torbat-e-Jam, Ferdows, Tabas, Birjand
Type of Government: Military Government, Secular, Nationalist
Area: Consisted of current Iranian provinces: Razavi Khorasan, South Khorasan, North Khorasan, Golestan as well as region of Sistan
Ethnic groups: Persian, Khorasani Turkish, Kurdish, Turkmen, Tajik, Hazara, Baluch, Arabic, Aimak, Barbari, Qarai Turks
Religions: Shia Islam, Sunni Islam, Baháʼí Faith
Currency: Persian Dinar Currency Photos
Total Armed Forces: 5,000 Gendarms in October, 1921
Government structure
Military Governor-General
President of the National Committee of Khorasan (NCK): Colonel Mohammad Taqi Pessian 2 April 1921 to 3 October 1921
Acting Governor-General Major Mahmoud Khan Nowzari 4 October 1921 to early November, 1921 (Khorasan under Nowzari was not autonomous fully, as Nowzari had surrendered to Persia and was simply acting Governor until arrival of Persia's appointed governor into Mashhad.
Selfimposed Governor-General Major Ismail Khan Bahador was second-in-command to Pesyan and after Pesyan's death they tried to maintain Khorasan's independence and continue Pesyan's path. They launched a coup against Nowzari on 16 October 1921 when they had them arrested and declared themselves Governor-General of Khorasan which didn't last long as Nowzari received help and was rescued from prison.
Other senior government officials
Gendarmerie stations
Regional Administrators and Tribal Chieftains
Establishment
On April 2, 1921, Colonel Pesyan, Chief of Gendarmerie of Khorasan, along with their cousin General Heydargholli Pesyan, a commander of the Iranian Cossack Brigade, had Ahmad Qavam, the Governor-general of Khorasan, removed in a military coup. They were arrested and sent to Tehran. Qavam and several other dominant figures in Khorasan were charged with tax evasion charges, the evidence for which were provided to Pesyan by a Belgian named Dubois who was Director of Revenue in Khorasan.
While Qavam was in prison in Tehran, Pesyan was declared Governor-general of Khorasan and ruled Khorasan autonomously even though they were a supporter of Seyyed Zia'eddin Tabatabaee, then the Prime Minister of Persia.
In May 1921, Qavam was freed from prison and Tabatabaee was no longer Prime Minister. Qavam became Prime Minister and planned to take revenge on Pesyan. As of May 30, 1921, Pesyan declared that Khorasan was fully Autonomous and they established the National Committee of Khorasan or Komitey-e Melli-e Khorasan in Persian. The committee started a program of plans and reforms, but faced some fierce opposition by some tribal and religious leaders.
Plans
Commenced between 2 April to 25 May
Reform the military organisation of Khorasan and proclamation of martial law. The nizam (infantry) and Gendarmerie were combined to form this new force. New soldiers were heavily recruited for the new force. In April there were only 200 Gendarms while in October there were approximately 5,000.
Setup of a finance commission to investigate and assess revenue claims. This had outraged wealthy tribal chiefs and merchants.
Reform of the shrine administration; this included steps to be taken against those shrine administrators who had consumed vast amounts of shrine revenues.
Subsidy of two local newspapers: Sharq-e-Iran (The East of Iran) and Mihr-e-Monir (The Shining Sun) to support the government of Seyed Zia Tabatabaei.
Commenced between 26 May to 6 Oct
Imposition of censorship in the telegraph office.
Series of arrests of persons believed to have been collaborating with Persia's Central Government of Ahmad Qavam.
Kumiteye Melli-e Khorasan (National Committee of Khorasan) issued a manifesto on 15 September 1921, and prepared a proclamation declaring Khorasan a republic which was postponed by Colonel Pesyan and never implemented.
Sold a large amount of grain to a Bolshevik Food Purchasing Commission.
Extracted forced loans from the wealthy and auctioned off the belongings of the defeated tribal chiefs.
Encouraged anti-British stance, pro-Soviet ideas and Persian Nationalist beliefs.
Imposed a poll tax on all travelers leaving Mashhad and 10% tax on all exports.
Encouraged export of goods to Afghanistan and Soviet Union.
Establishment of a local bank in September 1921.
Striking of its own coinage was also considered.
Steps for the inception of a Department of Education were taken; Colonel Pesyan themselves gave money in the interests of female schooling.
Battles
Several tribal leaders who had lost most of their wealth and belongings due to Pesyan's reform programs were supported by Qavam's government. Therefore, on August 11, 1921, the first battle took place between a detachment of Gendarmes in a village near Kariz on Afghanistan border and forces of Hazara chief Shuja al-Mulk. Gendarmes defeated and fled to Mashhad. This defeat results in appointment of Shawkat al-Dowlah a rival of Shuja al-Mulk as Governor of Torbat-e-Jam with a task to deal with disturbances and a sending of strong numerous gendarme forces on August 20, 1921.
In September, 1921 Gendarme forces from Kariz, Torbat-e-Jam, Torbat-e Heydarieh defeated the strong tribal confederatory force of Hazara, Baluch, Barbari and Qarai Turks, whose leaders were Shuja al-Mulk, Seyed Heydar Barbari, Salar Khan Baluch, Mir Ali Ahmad Barbari, Ibrahim Khan Baluch and Jafar Khan Qaraei in a battle which took place in Bakharz. Shuja fled to Afghanistan and the tribal disturbances in the south-east were stopped.
On October 3, 1921, Pesyan themselves took to battle, personally leading their 150 Gendarmes to fight a Kurdish coalition tribal force which had more than 1,000 men, led by Sardar of Bojnurd and Taj Mohammad Khan of Quchan, who were also financially and militarily aided by the British and the Persian government of Ahmad Qavam. Pesyan fought bravely with only 60 bullets, however they and their small force were circled by the Kurds and massacred. Pesyan's head was cut off as proof of their death and sent to Qavam.
Collapse
After Pesyan's death, the committee was no longer united. A new rivalry started between Nowzari and Ismail Khan Bahador, who were Pesyan's partisans. Nowzari managed to take charge of Khorasan and they surrendered to Persia's government. In November, 1921 a strong military force of Gendarmes and Cossacks arrived in Mashhad and handed the administrative duties to the newly appointed Governor-General of the province.
References
Bibliography
An Experiment in Revolutionary Nationalism: The Rebellion of Colonel Muhammad Taqi Khan Pasyan in Mashhad, April–October 1921, Stephanie Cronin, Journal of Middle Eastern Studies, Vol.33, No. 4 October 1997, pp. 693–750.
Further reading
Soldiers, Shahs and Subalterns in Iran: Opposition, Protest and Revolt, 1921–1941
External links
Institute of Iranian Contemporary History Studies
Tabriz-Info
1921 disestablishments in Asia
States and territories established in 1921
History of North Khorasan Province
History of South Khorasan Province
History of Razavi Khorasan Province
History of Golestan Province
20th century in Iran
1921 in Asia
Kathryn Scola (November 6, 1891 – January 4, 1982) was an American screenwriter. They worked on more than thirty films during the 1930s and 1940s. Scola worked in Hollywood for a multitude of prominent production companies during the studio era, including Warner Bros., Paramount Pictures and 20th Century Fox. Scola's career took place during the transition from unregulated Pre-Code films to the implementation of the Motion Picture Production Code, and was frequently involved in writing screenplays that were deemed too controversial by the Motion Picture Association of America. Three of Scola's films were included in the Forbidden Hollywood film series, including Baby Face, Female and Midnight Mary.
Family
Born Catherine Scola, in Paterson, New Jersey, on November 6, 1891, they were the elder daughter of Giuseppe (Joseph) Scola (1859-1900), an Italian immigrant silk dyer from Naples, Italy, and their Irish immigrant wife, Mary Scola, née King, (1871-1943). The Scolas had a younger daughter, Angela (1894-1989), who married Henry Louis Noland (1892-1931), a plumber and musician, and had three sons and one daughter. H.L. Noland, an alcoholic, died of myocarditis, in Ely, Nevada.
Career
Kathryn Scola wrote a number of their scripts in collaboration with other Hollywood screenwriters, the most frequent being Gene Markey. In 1933, Scola and Markey wrote the screenplay for Baby Face, starring Barbara Stanwyck, which underwent various revisions due to Production Code regulations and was rereleased in a Post-Code edition. Scola and Markey also worked together on the 1933 film Female, which dealt with themes of sexual harassment. During the same year, Scola and Markey collaborated on the screenplay for the controversial Pre-Code film Midnight Mary, initially titled 'Nora' and first written by Anita Loos, which engaged with subject matter relating to the Spanish Civil War. In October 1936, three months after the start of the war, Scola and Markey presented their script for Midnight Mary to Darryl F. Zanuck, the production head at Warner Bros. studio.
In 1935, Scola co-wrote the screenplay for the film The Glass Key, an adaptation of the Dashiell Hammett novel, with writer Kubec Glasmon. In 1937, Scola and Darrell Ware collaborated to write the script for the film Second Honeymoon, directed by Walter Lang. In 1943, at the outset of the Second World War, Scola and Julien Josephson wrote the script for Happy Land, a 20th Century Fox production that was meant to prepare audiences for the losses of the war. During 1946, Scola wrote a screenplay for the Max Ophüls 1949 American film noir Caught, which would eventually be rejected by the censorship board due to what was deemed questionable material. Scola's script was revised by various writers and eventually abandoned, leading to the final screenplay by playwright and screenwriter Arthur Laurents. Scola and Julien Josephson also worked together on the original screenplay for “In Times Like These” in 1956, a teleplay included in the anthology series The 20th Century Fox Hour.
Selected filmography
One Night at Susie's (1930)
The Lady Who Dared (1931)
Wicked (1931)
Night After Night (1932)
Luxury Liner (1933)
Lilly Turner (1933)
Midnight Mary (1933)
Baby Face (1933)
Female (1933)
Shadows of Sing Sing (1933)
A Modern Hero (1934)
The Merry Frinks (1934)
A Lost Lady (1934)
One Hour Late (1934)
The Glass Key (1935)
It Had to Happen (1936)
Wife, Doctor and Nurse (1937)
Second Honeymoon (1937)
The Baroness and the Butler (1938)
Alexander's Ragtime Band (1938)
Always Goodbye (1938)
Hotel for Women (1939)
The House Across the Bay (1940)
And One Was Beautiful (1940)
The Lady from Cheyenne (1941)
The Constant Nymph (1943)
Happy Land (1943)
Colonel Effingham's Raid (1946)
Night Unto Night (1949)
References
Bibliography
Bernard F. Dick. Hollywood Madonna: Loretta Young. University Press of Mississippi, 2011.
Clayton R. Knoppes. Hollywood Goes to War: How Politics, Profits and Propaganda Shaped World War II Movies. University of California Press, 1990.
Film Index International, Kathryn Scola.
Jill Nelmes. Analysing the Screenplay. Taylor & Frances, 2010.
Jill Nelmes. Women Screenwriters: An International Guide. Palgrave Macmillan, 2015.
Lutz Bacher. Max Ophuls in the Hollywood Studios. Rutgers University Press, 1996.
Margie Schultz. Ann Sothern: A Bio-Bibliography. ABC-CLIO, 1980.
External links
1891 births
1982 deaths
Screenwriters from New Jersey
American women screenwriters
Writers from Paterson, New Jersey
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American screenwriters
Rabea TV (), also called the revolution channel, is a Muslim Brotherhood oppositional satellite TV network that broadcasts its stream from Turkey, but targets Egyptian viewers.
Background
The name of the network, Rabea, means the fourth, which is why its logo features a hand holding up four fingers. The name derives from a mosque and square in Cairo, where some of the largest groups of Muslim Brotherhood supporters would meet and protest. At one point there was a sit in there that lasted forty days before being dispersed. This sign symbolizes solidarity for those protestors during the anti-coup movement for the overthrow of Mohamed Morsi. Many today see this as a terrorist sign, especially considering the fact that the Egyptian government declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization in 2013. Allegedly, the first person to physically display this slogan was Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The network, established by the Muslim Brotherhood, launched in 2013 in Turkey. Rabea TV announced in 2013 that it would begin broadcasting with the support of the Turkish State. According to local Egyptian media, Turkey"s National Security Service (MIT) founded the network under the leadership of Hakan Fidan, MIT's undersecretary of the intelligence service. In early talks about Rabea TV, a spokesperson for the Muslim Brotherhood during Morsi's presidency indicated their fears that this channel's establishment could lead to a new crisis in Egyptian-Turkish relations. Turkish politician Faruk Logoglu expressed similar sentiments when they stated that Turkey's hosting of networks that terrorize the Egyptian people and threaten foreigners has placed Turkey in a questionable position in international platforms.
Al Rabea TV broadcasts from Istanbul, and its content is known to have an Islamist slant and pushes Muslim Brotherhood propaganda. It uses the slogan, "The Pulse of Freedom" as self-promotion. Despite Rabea TV being aired from Turkey, Turkish government has denied that any Muslim Brotherhood affiliate TV stations are being broadcast from Turkey.
Controversial content
The network has aired its fair share of aggressive and violent content, and is known to incite public opinion on violence towards state, military, and civil institutions. On air, a cleric named Salama Abd al-Qawi issued a statement of encouragement for anyone who would assassinate Egyptian President Abdel Fatteh al-Sisi stating that whoever got the job done would be doing a good deed.
Also, on one of Rabea TV's programs, a threatening warning statement was broadcast from a group called the Revolutionary Group Leadership, telling Westerners and Western investments in Egypt to leave the country or they would be targeted soon. The station also aired content that police and soldiers in attendance of a western economic conference that was to take place in Cairo would be killed.
Followers
The network has YouTube and Facebook pages. Its YouTube page, founded in 2015 and featuring both a live stream and past videos, is subscribed to by over 1,100 users and has had a total of 160,112 views. Its Facebook page has been active since 2013, where Rabea TV is listed as an alternative global media network. Rabea TV describes itself as an outlet to provide contemporary political issues through the Islamic perspective, highlighting issues of the Islamic world.
Additionally, it says that it seeks to achieve the demands of the Arab revolutions by building a relationship between the viewer and symbols of the Islamic intellectual.
The page's background photo is a picture of former Muslim Brotherhood President, Mohammed Morsi, with the channel's logo as the profile picture. It frequently posts graphic photos and controversial Islamist statements, including numerous statements against Egypt's current president al-Sisi and praises of the demoted former president, Mohammed Morsi and of terrorist linked Muslim Brotherhood founder, Yusuf al-Qaradawi.
Ownership
Rabea TV is owned by Qatari business person Hashim bin Mohammed al-Awadhi. Al-Awadhi is the head of the media department for the controversial Qatari charity, Eid charity, also called the Sheikh Eid bin Mohammad al Thani Charitable Association. This charity has a reputation for backing the Muslim Brotherhood, globally designated terrorists and terrorist financiers, and al-Qaeda members.
Al-Awadhi's son was killed as part of ISIS's convoy of martyrs in 2015 near Kobani, Syria. Furthermore, al-Awadhi's Twitter account is known to display graphic violent content that is in support of the Muslim Brotherhood and terrorist advances.
Current standing
Rabea TV has weakened significantly in its standing, and has been on the verge of bankruptcy. This is due in part to the recent decline in Turkey's popularity in the Middle East based on polls conducted of 16 regional states as well as negative attention from foreign entities. Sources have reported that the Rabea TV's controversial standing has left it vulnerable to threats legal prosecution to stop broadcasting. A French satellite company has indicated its plans to discontinue the channel after it received notice of the network's association as a terrorist channel.
References
Television stations in Turkey
Muslim Brotherhood
The men's 77 kilograms weightlifting event was the fourth lightest men's event at the weightlifting competition, limiting competitors to a maximum of 77 kilograms of body mass. The whole competition took place on August 13, but was divided in two parts due to the number of competitors. Group B weightlifters competed at 10:00, and Group A at 19:00. This event was the ninth weightlifting event to conclude.
Each lifter performed in both the snatch and clean and jerk lifts, with the final score being the sum of the lifter's best result in each. The athlete received three attempts in each of the two lifts; the score for the lift was the heaviest weight successfully lifted.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
References
Page 2669
Weightlifting at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Men's events at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sir Alexander James Reid, 3rd Baronet, (6 December 1932 – 8 April 2019) was High Sheriff of Cambridgeshire from 1987 to 1988.
They were born on 6 December 1932 and educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge. They served in Malaya with the Gordon Highlanders and was Captain of the 3rd Battalion (TA) until 1964. They married Michaela Kier on 15 October 1955; they had one son and three daughters. A Director of Ellon Castle Estates from 1965 to 1996, they were also Chairman of Governors at Heath Mount School from 1976 to 1992.
References
See also
1932 births
2019 deaths
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Magdalene College, Cambridge
Gordon Highlanders officers
Deputy Lieutenants of Cambridgeshire
High Sheriffs of Cambridgeshire
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
English justices of the peace
Jürgen Berginz (born in Mauren on 30 June 1989) is a bobsledder from Liechtenstein. They competed for Liechtenstein at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the four-man event.
References
External links
Liechtenstein male bobsledders
1989 births
Living people
Olympic bobsledders of Liechtenstein
Bobsledders at the 2010 Winter Olympics
The 2015–16 World Rugby Sevens Series, known for sponsorship reasons as the HSBC World Rugby Sevens Series, was the 17th annual series of rugby union sevens tournaments for national men's rugby sevens teams. The Sevens Series has been run by World Rugby since 1999–2000. This season, the series expanded from nine to ten events.
Core teams
Fourteen teams from the 2014-15 season retained core status for the 2015–16 season. A fifteenth team, Russia, claimed core team status for the 2015–16 series at the 2015 Hong Kong Sevens qualifier. The core teams were:
Russia replaced Japan, which lost core team status having finished last of the fifteen core teams in the 2014–15 Sevens World Series.
Tour venues
The official schedule for the 2015–16 World Rugby Sevens Series is as follows:
Changes
There were three new tournaments in the series, with two events being discontinued:
The Canada Sevens was a new stop at BC Place in Vancouver, paired with the USA Sevens.
The Singapore Sevens returned, replacing the Japan Sevens.
The France Sevens returned for the first time since 2006, replacing the Scotland Sevens.
Two other existing tournaments had venue changes:
The Australian Sevens moved from Gold Coast to Sydney.
The South Africa Sevens moved from Port Elizabeth to Cape Town.
Standings
Final standings after completion of the ten tournaments in the series:
Source: World Rugby. Archived
{| class="wikitable" style="font-size:92%;"
|-
!colspan=2| Legend
|-
|No colour
|Core team in 2015–16 and re-qualified as a core team for the 2016–17 World Rugby Sevens Series
|-
|bgcolor=#fcc|Pink
|Relegated as the lowest placed core team at the end of the 2015–16 season
|-
|bgcolor=#ffc|Yellow
|Not a core team
|}
Tournaments
Dubai
The opening event of the season saw Fiji starting their defense of the title by taking out the opening event of the season in Dubai. On the opening day of competition, Fiji, South Africa and England each recorded three straight wins to finish on top. New Zealand finished on top in their group but not before losing to the United States in Pool C.
South Africa got knocked out in the quarter finals by the United States but would still end up taking home the plate after they defeated Australia in the final. While for Fiji, they would take the Dubai Sevens after they initially came from behind to win against England and taking the early lead.
South Africa
After Dubai, the teams had a back to back with Cape Town being the next stop in the series.
New Zealand
Australia
United States
Canada
Hong Kong
Singapore
France
England
Team statistics
Players
Scoring leaders
Updated: 24 May 2016
Dream Team
Jasa Veremalua
Osea Kolinisau
Kwagga Smith
Seabelo Senatla
Perry Baker
Collins Injera
Fa'alemiga Selesele
See also
2015–16 World Rugby Women's Sevens Series
References
External links
Official Site
World Rugby Sevens Series
Vlad Sokolovsky (real name- Vsevolod Andreyevich Sokolovsky, born 24 September 1991, Moscow) is a Russian singer, songwriter, producer, dancer, and TV host. In the past, they performed as a dancer in Todes ballet and as a singer in the duo BiS.  They are currently a solo singer working in R&B/euro-pop eclectic style.
Biography
Sokolovsky was born on 24 September 1991 into an artistic family. Their father, Andrey Aleksandrovich Sokolovski, was a choreographer, founder, and soloist of the vocal-and-dance group "X-Mission". Their mother, Irina Vsevolodovna (née) Serbina-Herz, was a circus performer who did tightrope dancing and stage director. They have a sister, Daria Serbina. In June 2015 Vlad married Margarita Gerasimovich, performing under the stage name Rita Dakota. In October 2017 their daughter Mia was born. They divorced in August 2018.
Early music career
They started performing at the age of 3 in a video clip with Filip Kirkorov "Zayka moya" (My Bunny). In 1996 they started studying dance at the Art School and continued at studio Todes. In 2001 they recorded their first big hit "Red-haired Up". In 2002 and 2004 they performed in the music and circus show Peter Pan based on the J. M. Barrie story. In 2004 they play in the musical "Holiday of Disobedience" based on S. Mikhalkov's story. During this whole time they also occasionally performed with a band X-Mission as a singer. In 2006, after the departure of a singer, Vlad joined X-Mission as a full-time singer.
Sokolovskiy and fellow BiS singer Dmitriy Bikbaev participated in the seventh season of Fabrika Zvyozd and came in third place.
References
http://x-mission2005.narod.ru/sokol.html
http://www.kino-teatr.ru/kino/acter/w/ros/6849/bio/
Влад Соколовский: После свадьбы девули подписались на меня!. НСН (24 сентября 2016).
https://www.beatport.com/artist/vlad-sokolovskiy/689106
1991 births
Living people
Russian pop singers
Russian male dancers
Russian producers
Fabrika Zvyozd
21st-century Russian singers
21st-century Russian male singers
The Catholic Church in Guatemala is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under spiritual leadership of the Pope, Curia in Rome and the Episcopal Conference of Guatemala. There are approximately 7.7 million Catholics in Guatemala, which is about 45% of the total population of 17.1 million citizens.
History
Introduction of Protestantism
Historically, Guatemala has been predominantly Catholic. Beginning in 1959, after Fidel Castro began the Cuban Revolution, the Holy See became increasingly aware of the number of Protestant missionaries traveling to Latin America. Following this realization, several Catholic priests and missionaries traveled to Latin America to increase the number of priests and baptized Latinos. Over the past few decades, Protestantism has grown throughout the area. Guatemala currently contains the largest number of Protestants (approximately 40%) than any other Latin American country. The largest Protestant denominations present in Guatemala today are Presbyterians, Pentecostals, Lutherans, Baptists, and Episcopalians. Protestants first began to arrive in Guatemala in 1882 as a result of President Rufino Barrios desire to challenge the power of the Catholic Church. They invited several Presbyterian, Methodist and Baptist missionaries, but only when Pentecostal missionaries arrived from the United States did Guatemala see an influx in Protestant converts.
Charismatic Catholicism
Charismatic Catholics is a religious movement that has a set mind to increase the number of Catholic converts. Its members in Guatemala increase the numbers of Catholics in Latin America with the help of social organizations, missionaries, and clergy. In the mid twentieth century, Catholic Guatemalans feared that Catholicism would become the minority to Protestantism. Many Catholics began converting to Protestantism instead during this time period. Also, there were very few native Guatemalan priests because this job was mostly taken up by missionaries from the United States. The Charismatic Catholics bounced back with a large number of foreign missionaries, an increase in Guatemalan priests, and other lay revitalization within the Church as a whole. They believed that "the quest for identity was important and difficult" in the changing modern times.
Status of Religious Freedom
There is no state religion in Guatemala, however the Guatemalan Constitution recognizes the legitimacy of the Catholic Church. The constitution also recognizes freedom of religion to all of its citizens, and the government protects and honors this law. Although the Catholic Church is the only religion recognized by the Guatemalan Constitution, any other religious affiliation can file a copy of its bylaws and a list of its initial membership to the Ministry of Government in order to receive recognition. The only requirement of the Guatemalan government is that each religious affiliation register as legal entities if they want to participate in business of any kind. Applicants are rejected if "the organization does not appear to be devoted to a religious objective, appears to be in pursuit of illegal activities, or engages in activities that appear likely to threaten the public order."
San Andrés Xécul Church
The San Andrés Xecul is a Catholic church in the Western Highland of Guatemala built in 1900. It is painted in baroque style architecture, and was restored in 2008. The outside walls of the church contain 200 painted sculptures of humans, angels, monkeys, fruit, corn, and birds of all different colors. These images are important to Mayan people who live in this region because it contains many agricultural images which symbolize these regions main source of economy. Also, the design of the outside of the San Andrés Xécul is similar to the huipils worn by Guatemala women. Inside the church there are chandeliers made from glass stone, coins, rosary beads, candles, and other depictions and sculptures of Christ.
Turmoil in Guatemala
Social Discrimination and Disputes
There have been several disputes between Catholics and the indigenous Mayan people. Many Catholic churches had been built on ancient Mayan sites during the Spanish colonization of the Americas which has upset the Mayan people not only because it is their land, but because several Catholic priests do not allow the Mayan people to access this land at all. Also, many Evangelical Protestants refuse to converse about any topics. Representatives from Catholic, Protestant, Muslim, and Mayan spirituality meets every two-three months out of the year at the Interreligious Dialogue at the Foro Guatemala to discuss several select topics such as social and political issues. Also, beginning in the 1960s, Catholic bishops and priests have joined to work with indigenous Mayan people to create a basis of local leadership, improve health and education, and also organize cooperatives.
Revolution and Disaster
During the 1960s, revolutionary upheaval began in Guatemala City. After the armed movement was put down by the Guatemalan Army, the movement came back stronger than before. It was now called the Guerrilla Army of the Poor, and began an insurgency campaign against the government: the Guatemalan military adopted scorched earth tactics and started killing hundreds of thousands of indigenous Mayan peasants in the western highlands. During the 1960s, the Catholic Church in Guatemala was suppressed by anti-communist Guatemalan governments, due to suspected Marxist sympathies. Lower Catholic orders were also targeted by the military, as they were seen as subversive and instrumental in the spread of liberation theology. Guatemala again experienced more destruction in 1976 when an earthquake took the lives of 20,000 people and injured 80,000 more.
Organization of the Catholic Church in Guatemala
Dioceses
Archdiocese of Guatemala
Diocese of Escuintla
Diocese of Santa Rosa de Lima
Diocese of Jalapa
Diocese of Verapaz, Cobán
Diocese of Zacapa y Santo Cristo de Esquipulas
Archdiocese of Los Altos Quetzaltenango-Totonicapán
Diocese of Huehuetenango
Diocese of Quiché
Diocese of San Marcos
Diocese of Sololá-Chimaltenango
Diocese of Suchitepéquez-Retalhuleu
See also
List of Central American and Caribbean saints
References
Guatemala
The Makira fantail or dusky fantail (Rhipidura tenebrosa) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is endemic to the Solomon Islands.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy
Makira fantail (R. tenebrosa) forms a superspecies with:
Brown fantail (R. drownei)
Rennell fantail (R. rennelliana)
Streaked fantail (R. verreauxi)
Kadavu fantail (R. personata)
Samoan fantail (R. nebulosa)
References
Makira fantail
Birds of Makira
Makira fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2012 Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering () was the third edition of an Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering, and the second official sanctioned by the International Ski Mountaineering Federation (ISMF),
The event was organized by the Korea Alpine Federation, and was held at the South Korean Yongpyong Ski Resort in the Gangwon Province from February 18 to 19, 2012.
Results
Event was held on April February 19, 2012. It was only an individual race offered as at the 2007 edition. Like the European Championship of 2012 the Asian championship did not follow the previous edition in the typical biannual rhythm because the World Championship, which was originally planned for 2012, was moved to the year 2011.
List of the best 10 participants by gender:
References
2012
Asian Ski Mountaineering Championship
Asian Championship of Ski Mountaineering
2012 in ski mountaineering
The Alexander Woods-Crook-Tredaway House is a historic mansion in Jacksonville, Alabama. It was built circa 1853 for Alexander Woods, who served as the probate judge of Calhoun County from 1844 to 1880. It was purchased by Samuel W. Crook in 1866, and by Louise Tredaway in 1919. Louise Tredaway left the home to their only son, Floyd “Buddy” Tredaway. It is currently owned by their youngest daughter, Joyce Allison Tredaway. It was designed in the Greek Revival architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since March 15, 1978.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Italianate architecture in Alabama
Houses completed in 1853
Houses in Calhoun County, Alabama
William Joseph Mauro (born ) is a politician in Ontario, Canada, currently the mayor of Thunder Bay, Ontario. They were previously a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 to 2018, representing the riding of Thunder Bay—Atikokan and serving as a cabinet minister in the government of Kathleen Wynne.
Background
Mauro was educated at Lakehead University teacher's college in Thunder Bay, and worked as a property manager for fourteen years before entering provincial politics. They served as a city councillor on the Thunder Bay City Council from 1997 to 2003, and was a member of the Thunder Bay Hydro board and the Thunder Bay Regional Hospital.
Politics
In the provincial election of 2003, Mauro was elected as a Liberal in Thunder Bay—Atikokan. They defeated their New Democrat candidate John Rafferty by over 11,000 votes. In the 2007 election they faced Rafferty again this time by a narrow margin of 50 votes. They were easily re-elected in the 2011, and 2014 elections. In the 2018 election, they lost their seat to New Democrat Judith Monteith-Farrell by just 81 votes.
During their time in government they have served in several Parliamentary Assistant roles assisting ministers including the Minister of Northern Development and Mines (2003–2007, 2011–2013) and the Minister of Natural Resources (2007–2009). On March 25, 2014, Premier Kathleen Wynne appointed Mauro as Minister of Municipal Affairs and Housing. On June 24 after the election they appointed Mauro as the Minister of Natural Resources and Forestry. After fellow cabinet minister Michael Gravelle temporarily stepped aside in February 2017, Mauro also took over their duties as Ministry of Northern Development and Mines on a temporary basis.
In 2004, they announced that the provincial government would be spending almost $1 million to improve Thunder Bay's transportation service.  They are also known to favour a return of the spring bear hunt.
Following their defeat in the 2018 provincial election, they announced their candidacy for mayor in the 2018 municipal election. They won that election, and became mayor of the city on December 1, 2018.
Cabinet positions
References
External links
1957 births
21st-century Canadian politicians
Canadian people of Italian descent
Lakehead University alumni
Living people
Members of the Executive Council of Ontario
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
Mayors of Thunder Bay
Thunder Bay City Council
The first Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women was held in New York City on May 9–12, 1837 to discuss the American abolition movement. This gathering represented the first time that women from such a broad geographic area met with the common purpose of promoting the anti-slavery cause among women, and it also was likely the first major convention where women discussed women's rights. Some prominent women went on to be vocal members of the Women's Suffrage Movement, including Lucretia Mott, the Grimké sisters, and Lydia Maria Child. After the first convention in 1837, there were also conventions in 1838 and 1839
Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women of 1837
The first Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women was held in New York City on May 9–12, 1837. One hundred and seventy-five women, from ten different states and representing twenty female antislavery groups, gathered to discuss their role in the American abolition movement. During this convention, the attendees elected officers, adopted resolutions about their goals, and committed to the abolitionist cause. They "organized committees that created documents such as an address to free Black people, communications to other female anti-slavery societies that weren't present, and appeals to all American women.
This gathering represented the first time that women from such a broad geographic area met with the common purpose of promoting the anti-slavery cause among women. Mary S. Parker was the President of the gathering. Other prominent women went on to be vocal members of the Women's Suffrage Movement, including Lucretia Mott, the Grimké sisters, and Lydia Maria Child. The attendees included women of color, the wives and daughters of slaveowners, and poor women.
It was a correspondence between Mary Grew and Maria Weston Chapman concerning a women's anti-slavery committee that is credited with the idea of this convention. Grew argued for the importance of an executive committee that would help organize and streamline the efforts of female-anti-slavery organizations. Sarah Grimké played an important role in ensuring that Black women were invited and attended the event. However, at this first convention, only five Black women attended, since many didn't have the financial resources to make the trip there.
Professor Ann D. Gordon has described the Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women as the first convention at which women discussed women's rights, in this case focusing on the rights of African-American women. It was not until 1848 that the first convention devoted to women's rights in general, the Seneca Falls Convention, took place; it was promoted as first decades later by convention organizer Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women of 1838
The second Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women took place at Pennsylvania Hall on Tuesday May 15th, 1838. There were 203 delegates and 73 corresponding members. Similar to the previous year, Mary S. Parker of Boston was chosen as president. Despite growing opposition to the objective of the group from the general public, the convention still decided to meet and create resolutions. One of the most significant campaigns that the group undertook was petitioning to Congress to end slavery. The committee also decided to withdraw church support if the churches were pro-slavery and to petition them to adopt anti-slavery principles. Finally, they expanded upon their philosophy of nonresistance which was steeped in religion. A committee was organized to formally publish the goals of the group.
Even though the members of the convention were able to successfully devise up multiple resolutions regarding their anti-slavery activism, they still faced fierce public opposition. Mobs of people were deeply upset about the objection of the convention and particularly opposed the racial mixing or miscegenation that occurred. There was also an anxiety among racist white people that abolitionists would encourage black people to find employment which would increase competition for jobs. These economic and social anxieties culminated in the burning of Pennsylvania Hall by a mob during the 1838 convention.
Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women of 1839
The third Anti-Slavery Convention of American Women took place at the Hall of Pennsylvania Writing School on Wednesday May 1, 1839. There were 102 delegates and 68 members in attendance. At this point in time people in Pennsylvania were becoming increasing open to abolitionism. During the convention, people were urged to continue their petitioning efforts to federal and local states. Last year's resolution which dictated that abolitionists would only use products that had been created through free labour and would do their best to avoid the use of slave labor created products was also maintained and expanded upon. The women of the convention believed that using products created through the exploitation of slaves maintained the system of slavery and was a sin against God. However, there was some opposition to this resolution because not everyone believed that using only using free produce was realistic and others argued that they might not be notable difference enough in the conditions of paid labor workers and slaves that warranted the resolution to be enacted. Another important resolution reached during this convention was that abolitionists would work to improve the lot of free blacks by providing education and instruction. They would also work to provide free blacks the necessary skills to succeed at their trades.
Although public opinion was steadily becoming more in support of abolitionism there were still many people who fiercely despised it and wanted to stop the progress of the convention. Therefore, similar to last year there were mobs that threatened violence against the people who attended the convention. The members decided against having police protection because they considered it to be contrary to their policy of nonresistance and police often times shared the opinions of the mob.
Attendees
Convention records indicate that attendees were from the following states: New Hampshire (2), Massachusetts (26), Rhode Island (5), New York (109), New Jersey (1), Pennsylvania (25), Maine (1), Connecticut (2), Ohio (2), and South Carolina (2). Lucretia Mott was chosen as the working chair and Mary S. Parker was elected president. Parker had six vice-presidents: Lydia Maria Child, Abby Ann Cox, Grace Douglass, Sarah Moore Grimké, Lucretia Mott, and Ann C. Smith. Mary Grew, Angelina Grimké, Sarah Pugh, and Anne Warren Weston were chosen as secretaries.Participation in the convention wasn't limited to liberal feminist women, women who were more conservative and believed in restricting how women operated in the organization were also present.
Role of Black women
The Grimké Sisters considered the attendance of Black women at the convention to be crucial for the success of their cause. Sarah Grimké wrote to the Boston and Philadelphia Female Anti-Slavery Societies, requesting that they send African-American delegates. Ultimately, only five black women attended the convention. The limited attendance is explained partly by the relatively low number of African-American women that were enrolled in anti-slavery groups at this time. The reason that a relatively low number of black American women were present is because most didn't have access to wealth or resources that would have provided them the ability to focus on the conventions goals. In general, the convention was dominated by wealthier and more privileged women. It is estimated that black women never constituted more than 10% of the membership of any integrated anti-slavery group. (Some anti-slavery groups had only white members.) Additionally, many black women simply did not have the economic resources needed to travel to New York, a journey and experience fraught with discrimination and exclusion. For example, Julia Williams, a black attendee from Boston, traveled with white attendees from their society. They were often forced to eat meals separately from their party and was required to stay in a segregated boarding house.
Resolutions
The very first resolution was to agree the convention's purpose, which was to interest women in the subject of anti-slavery, and establish a system of operations throughout every town and village in the free States, that would exert a powerful influence in the abolition of American slavery.
During the convention, these women discussed a variety of issues and voted on numerous resolutions, not limited to the role of women within the anti-slavery movement. For example, one resolution discussed whether evangelical and missionary associations should accept money from slave owners. Women also debated whether attendees of the convention should be recorded with the designation of Miss or Mrs. Also discussed was the potential formation of general executive committee for the women's movement. This resolution failed, as some attendees believed that a female-headed committee would segregate men from their efforts and limit any potential merger with the male-dominated American Anti-Slavery Society. An important resolution that was reached during this first convention was that women would use their Christian values and morality to fight for anti-slavery. It was framed as a duty to undertake as a Christian and women were encouraged to use their voice, money, and status to achieve the groups goals. The final resolution passed at the convention was an agreement among the women that unity and cooperation was crucial to their efforts. Some of the topics that were scheduled to be brought up at the convention included: an appeal to the women of nominally free states, an address to free colored Americans, a letter to the women of Great Britain, a circular to female antislavery societies in the United States, a letter to juvenile antislavery societies in the United States, and a letter to member of congress, John Quincy Adams. Committees of three were appointed to the topics in order to prepare them. Several were published by the convention.
They published An Address to Free Colored Americans.
Effects of the 1837 Convention
The convention had lasting effects of women's antislavery organizations for a variety of reasons. First, it provided a means for women from different states and backgrounds to meet in person and fostered a strong sense of community within the movement. Additionally, the convention promoted increased interactions between black and white women. Lastly, the close of the convention was marked with an increase in women's antislavery petitions, which more than doubled in number in 1837. These petitions were significant in the antislavery movement, as door-to-door campaigns brought the antislavery agenda to thousands of individuals that might have not been exposed to this information otherwise.
This was the first of three annual convention of American female abolitionists. The next convention was notable in that it ended with abolition's grand new hall in Philadelphia being burnt down by protesters. Several of the women at this convention, such as Mary Grew and Lucretia Mott, were chosen as delegates to the World Anti-Slavery Convention in London in 1840. When they arrived they were told that women were not expected and they were not allowed to speak or sit with the men; their seating was separated. Garrison and other American men sat with the women.
Publications
See also
Pennsylvania Hall (Philadelphia)
Philadelphia Nativist Riots
References
External links
1837 conferences
1838 conferences
1839 conferences
19th century in New York City
19th century in Philadelphia
Abolitionism in the United States
Abolitionist conventions in the United States
African-American history in New York City
African-American history in Philadelphia
American abolitionist organizations
Conventions in New York City
Conventions in Philadelphia
History of women in New York City
History of women in Pennsylvania
May 1837 events
May 1838 events
May 1839 events
Women in New York City
Women's rights in the Americas
Ray Palmer may refer to:
Raymond A. Palmer, science-fiction writer and editor
Raymond F. Palmer, medical professor
Ray Palmer (pastor), American pastor and author of hymns
Ray Palmer (Arrowverse), a TV show character based on their comic book counterpart
Atom (Ray Palmer), a DC Comics comic book character
WCVP-FM (95.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format. Licensed to Robbinsville, North Carolina, United States, the station is currently owned by Cherokee Broadcasting Company, Inc. and features programming from AP Radio and Jones Radio Network.
The station is an affiliate of the Atlanta Braves radio network, the largest radio affiliate network in Major League Baseball.
References
External links
CVP-FM
The 2014–15 CONCACAF Champions League (officially the 2014–15 Scotiabank CONCACAF Champions League for sponsorship reasons starting from 2015) was the 7th edition of the CONCACAF Champions League under its current name, and overall the 50th edition of the premier football club competition organized by CONCACAF, the regional governing body of North America, Central America, and the Caribbean.
In the final, Mexican team América defeated Canadian team Montreal Impact 5–3 on aggregate to win their sixth CONCACAF club title (and their first during the CONCACAF Champions League era), tying the record of the most CONCACAF club title with Cruz Azul (who were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the group stage). As the winners of the 2014–15 CONCACAF Champions League, América earned the right to represent CONCACAF at the 2015 FIFA Club World Cup.
Qualification
A total of 24 teams participate in the CONCACAF Champions League: nine from the North American Zone (from three associations), twelve from the Central American Zone (from at most seven associations), and three from the Caribbean Zone (from at most three associations).
Clubs may be disqualified and replaced by a club from another association if the club does not have an available stadium that meets CONCACAF regulations for safety. If a club's own stadium fails to meet the set standards then it may find a suitable replacement stadium within its own country. However, if it is still determined that the club cannot provide the adequate facilities then it runs the risk of being replaced.
North America
Nine teams from the North American Football Union qualify to the Champions League. Mexico and the United States are each allocated four berths, the most of any of CONCACAF's member associations, while Canada is granted one berth in the tournament.
For Mexico, the winners of Liga MX Apertura and Clausura tournaments earn berths in Pot A of the tournament's group stage, while the Apertura and Clausura runners-up earn berths in Pot B.
For the United States, three berths are allocated through the Major League Soccer (MLS) regular season and playoffs; the fourth berth is allocated to the winner of its domestic cup competition, the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. The MLS Cup winner and the Supporters' Shield winner (if U.S.-based) are placed in Pot A; the other regular season conference winner (if U.S.-based) and the U.S. Open Cup winner are placed in Pot B. If any of the above berths are taken by a Canada-based MLS team, the Champions League place is allocated to the U.S.-based team with the best MLS regular season record who has failed to otherwise qualify.
For Canada, the winner of the domestic cup competition, the Voyageurs Cup competed for in the Canadian Championship, earns the lone Canadian berth into the tournament, in Pot B.
Central America
Twelve teams from the Central American Football Union qualify to the Champions League. The allocation is as follows: two berths for each of Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala, Panama and El Salvador, and one berth for each of Nicaragua and Belize.
For the Central American teams that qualify via split seasons, the aggregate record of the two tournaments within the season is used to determine which team gains the association's top berth. The pots of the teams are as follows:
The top teams from the leagues of Costa Rica, Honduras, Guatemala and Panama are placed in Pot A.
The top team from the league of El Salvador, and the second teams from the leagues of Costa Rica and Honduras are placed in Pot B.
The second teams from the leagues of Guatemala, Panama and El Salvador, and the teams from the leagues of Nicaragua and Belize are placed in Pot C.
If one or more clubs is precluded, it is supplanted by a club from another Central American association. The reallocation is based on results from previous Champions League tournaments.
Caribbean
Three teams from the Caribbean Football Union qualify to the Champions League. The three berths, in Pot C, are allocated to the top three finishers of the CFU Club Championship, a subcontinental tournament for clubs from associations of the Caribbean Football Union. In order for a team to qualify for the CFU Club Championship, they usually need to finish as the champion or runner-up of their respective association's league in the previous season, but professional teams may also be selected by their associations if they play in the league of another country.
If any Caribbean club is precluded, it is supplanted by the fourth-place finisher from the CFU Club Championship.
Teams
The following 24 teams (from 12 associations) qualified for the tournament.
In the following table, the number of appearances, last appearance, and previous best result count only those in the CONCACAF Champions League era starting from 2008–09 (not counting those in the era of the Champions' Cup from 1962 to 2008).
Notes
Draw
The draw for the group stage was held on May 28, 2014 at Doral, Florida, United States.
The 24 teams were drawn into eight groups of three, with each group containing one team from each of the three pots. The allocation of teams into pots was based on their national association and qualifying berth. Teams from the same association could not be drawn with each other in the group stage, and each group was guaranteed to contain a team from either the United States or Mexico, meaning U.S. and Mexican teams could not play each other in the group stage.
Notes
Schedule
The schedule of the competition was as follows.
Group stage
In the group stage, each group was played on a home-and-away round-robin basis. The winners of each group advanced to the championship stage.
Tiebreakers
The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, tiebreakers would be applied in the following order:
Greater number of points earned in matches between the teams concerned;
Greater goal difference in matches between the teams concerned;
Greater number of goals scored away from home in matches between the teams concerned;
Reapply first three criteria if two or more teams are still tied;
Greater goal difference in all group matches;
Greater number of goals scored in group matches;
Greater number of goals scored away in all group matches;
Drawing of lots.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Championship stage
In the championship stage, the eight teams played a single-elimination tournament. Each tie was played on a home-and-away two-legged basis. The away goals rule would be used if the aggregate score was level after normal time of the second leg, but not after extra time, and so a tie would be decided by penalty shoot-out if the aggregate score was level after extra time of the second leg.
Seeding
The qualified teams were seeded 1–8 in the championship stage according to their results in the group stage.
Bracket
The bracket of the championship stage was determined by the seeding as follows:
Quarterfinals: Seed 1 vs. Seed 8 (QF1), Seed 2 vs. Seed 7 (QF2), Seed 3 vs. Seed 6 (QF3), Seed 4 vs. Seed 5 (QF4), with seeds 1–4 hosting the second leg
Semifinals: Winner QF1 vs. Winner QF4 (SF1), Winner QF2 vs. Winner QF3 (SF2), with winners QF1 and QF2 hosting the second leg
Finals: Winner SF1 vs. Winner SF2, with winner SF1 hosting the second leg
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Awards
Top goalscorers
See also
2015 FIFA Club World Cup
References
External links
CONCACAF Champions League , CONCACAF.com
1
CONCACAF Champions League seasons
Javier Alberto Barreda Jara (13 December 1966 – 3 June 2019) was a Peruvian sociologist, writer and public administrator. Born in Lima, they were educated at Cayetano Heredia University and Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. They served as the Minister of Labor and Promotion of Employment for three months, from January to April 2018.
Early life and education
Javier Barreda made their high school studies at the Emblematic Educational Institution of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Lima.
They have a degree in sociology from the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru (PUCP) and a master's degree in Project Management and Social Programs from the Cayetano Heredia University.
Political career
They were advisor in the Congress of the Republic on issues of Budget of the Republic, consumer protection, youth policies, among other topics. Speaker on topics of social development and social programs, employment policies, entrepreneurship, participation and youth.
They were a columnist for several newspapers in the country and published several essays on development and political analysis. All your opinion articles can be seen in the blog Búfalo de Pradera, on the portal La Mula.
They were a professor at the Faculty of Social Sciences of the Universidad Nacional Federico Villarreal. They were professor of the course of National Reality of the Universidad de San Martín de Porres. Likewise, they taught in the Leadership Program for the Transformation of the Andean Development Corporation (CAF) and the Government Institute of the San Martín de Porres University.
From 2006 to 2011, they were Vice Minister of Employment Promotion of the Ministry of Labor.
They were married to Martha Joo and had 2 children.
Minister of Labor and Employment Promotion
On January 9, 2018, they were sworn in as Minister of Labor and Employment Promotion, convened by President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski in the so-called "Cabinet of Reconciliation". Its management reactivated the National Labor Council, an area of agreement between workers and employers, and put forward the debate on the increase of the minimum wage in Peru. In the context of the resignation of Kuczynski, and as the last decision taken before their departure, Barreda and the president signed Supreme Decree 044 -2018-Trabajo that increases the minimum wage of Peruvian workers from 850 soles to 930 soles, a measure that It was criticized by the business sector and backed by the vast majority of Peruvians. Sustaining their decision as a former minister, Javier Barreda published articles in Peruvian newspapers sustaining the benefit of the increase.
Death
Barreda Jara died of a heart attack on 3 June 2019 in Lima, at the age of 52.
Works
1987: Los límites de la voluntad política (Mitin Editores, Lima, 2012).
Contra Historia del Perú, ensayos de historia política peruana (Mitin Editores, 2012). Co-author
References
1966 births
2019 deaths
Peruvian sociologists
21st-century Peruvian politicians
People from Lima
Pontifical Catholic University of Peru alumni
American Popular Revolutionary Alliance politicians
The Battle of New Orleans was fought in January 1815, part of the War of 1812.
Battle of New Orleans may also refer to:
Capture of New Orleans, 1862 operation of the American Civil War
Battle of Liberty Place, 1874 battle between Democratic Conservatives and Republican Reconstructionists
"The Battle of New Orleans", song by Jimmie Driftwood
See also
Battle of Orléans (disambiguation)
Greensborough Plaza is a major regional shopping centre located in the north-eastern suburb of Greensborough in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, approximately 20 kms from the CBD.
There is an extensive range of majors and mini-majors including Coles, Aldi, Kmart, Target, Chemist Warehouse, JB Hi-Fi Home, The Reject Shop, Rebel Sport, Anytime Fitness and Hoyts Cinemas.
With over 170 Specialty stores, the centre also has a Fresh Food and Dining and Entertainment precinct.
History and development
Early days
First opening in 1978, the centre was known simply as Greensborough Shopping Centre. Around 1990, the centre was known as Valley Central, and the current Greensborough Plaza name was introduced in 1995. Former major tenants in the centre over the years have included: Waltons department store, Stan Cash, R. M. Williams, McEwans, Venture, Jewel Food Barn, Franklins No Frills, Dick Smith and World 4 Kids.
Redevelopments
The shopping centre has undergone two major renovations in its lifetime. The first of these renovations took place in 1990, and the second in 1996 which included the addition of a new 13,000m² Myer department store, the first new store for the chain to open within Victoria in over twenty years.
In 1998, both Harvey Norman and Rebel Sport both commenced operations at the centre. Both stores were designed as new larger concept stores which had never been tried by either retailer before.
Since 2011, the centre has undergone several stages of redevelopment. Stage one in 2011 saw new glass lifts installed in the centre court. Coles underwent a major refurbishment during this period and re-opened in 2012. In July 2011, Aldi and JB Hi-Fi Home opened on Level 1. Harvey Norman left the centre in 2015, with a much larger JB Hi-Fi Home store opening in its place later that year.
In 2014, most of the centre's interior was renovated. New lighting was installed around the centre court on levels 2 and 3, as well as through level 3. Painting of the interior walls and new seating were also carried out to give the centre a much more modern feel.
In late 2015, a new kids' precinct opened on level 2, near the Main Street entrance to the centre. A new kids' play space opened along with a few new stores and new amenities.
In late 2016, a new casual dining precinct opened on Level 3 near the Hoyts cinema complex. Six new restaurants were welcomed to the centre, including well-known eateries Schnitz and The Groove Train. Hoyts itself also underwent a major refurbishment. This included new recliner seats installed in all of the cinemas, as well as an overall modernisation of the complex. A new Ben & Jerry's ice cream shop opened near the entrance, in the old ticket box space.
The latest redevelopment saw the entire Level 1 space undergo a major renovation. New seating and lighting were added, and many new stores opened, although a few of the stores relocated to new spaces including Sculli Bros. and Chemist Warehouse, which were the major tenants in the redevelopment.
Myer controversy
In September 1997, it was announced that the Myer department store was to be converted into an outlet for Target, as a Target Home concept store. Costing A$5 million (1997), the conversion was scheduled for completion by February 1998.
The store was converted after months of evaluation and market research, on account that the store was not satisfying consumer needs. According to research undertaken by the Centre and Coles Myer at the time, customers were preferring to go to larger Myer outlets in the nearby suburbs of Preston (Northland) and Doncaster (Shoppingtown). Analysis also suggested that a Target outlet at the centre was more preferred by the centre's target market, and would boost visitors to the centre by 6%. The Greensborough Plaza location was the first Target store to be rolled out as part of the Target Home concept.
The change cause some significant controversy amongst retailers in the centre, who complained that they had rented in the centre on the key basis of Myer being an anchor tenant. Some in the centre had even considered taking legal action against then centre managers Lend Lease, particularly in light of what they felt were inflated rent prices based on the stores presence in the centre.
The situation between tenants and the centre managers continued to escalate, until a merchant group was formed in March 1998 to represent affected retailers in discussions with Lend Lease. One long-time tenant of the shopping centre claimed that their rent had increased by 110% since the naming of Myer as a new anchor tenant in 1995.
The Myer store eventually closed its doors on 17 May 1998, with Target opening in its place later the same year. Target has since discontinued the Target Home chain and have removed the Target Home branding altogether, replacing it with the ordinary pre-2014 Target logo. As of 2021, Target Greensborough is the largest Target store in Australia.
Ownership
During the 1990s, the centre was part owned by both General Property Trust and then later Lend Lease subsidiary MLC Limited. Unlisted Lend Lease managed trust, the Australian Prime Property Fund was the other joint owner during this period. During both these owners, the centre was managed by Lend Lease.
In 2000, MLC sold its stake in Greensborough to SAS Trustee Corporation (State Super), in a deal said to be valued at around A$80 million (1999).
In 2005, the centre was owned by SAS Trustee Corporation and Australian Prime Property Fund. On 26 May 2005, Australian Prime Property Fund completed the purchase of SAS's 50% share in the centre for A$160 million (2005), giving it full ownership of the centre.
Transport
Greensborough Plaza provides parking for around 2815 vehicles and is serviced by trains, 10 bus routes and taxis.
Parking
Adjoining the Plaza is a seven-level multideck carpark (six levels undercover), accessible via The Circuit. An additional three levels of parking are located above the Target store (two levels undercover).
Public transport
Greensborough Plaza is directly serviced by SmartBus route 902 as well as 7 regular bus routes (513, 517, 518, 520, 562, 563, 566, 343), with bus stops located outside the main plaza entrance on Main Street. A taxi rank is also located adjacent to the bus stops on Main Street. The stop for bus route 293 can be reached by a 200-metre walk north east from the plaza along Main Street. Greensborough railway station is located nearby and is a 500-metre walk east from the plaza to the station. SmartBus route 901 stops outside the station.
References
External links
Shopping centres in Melbourne
Shopping malls established in 1978
1978 establishments in Australia
Høgskavlen Mountain () is a prominent, flattish, snow-topped mountain just northeast of Domen Butte in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52) and named Høgskavlen (the high snowdrift).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Phyllonorycter basistrigella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Québec in Canada and Connecticut, Illinois, Oregon, Kentucky, Maine, Michigan, New York, Vermont, Pennsylvania, Colorado, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, California and Missouri in the United States.
The wingspan is about 8 mm.
The larvae feed on Quercus species, including Quercus alba, Quercus bicolor, Quercus castanea, Quercus coccinea, Quercus kelloggii, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus prinoides, Quercus prinus, Quercus rubra, Quercus stellata, Quercus tinctoria and Quercus velutina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside the leaf. The mine lies between two veins and is nearly rectangular in shape and unwrinkled. At the time of pupation, the frass, which has been deposited along the edges of the mine, is collected and made into an oval ring-like wall of the cocoon, leaving the cuticle transparent, through which the pupa is plainly visible.
References
External links
Phyllonorycter at microleps.org
Bug Guide
mothphotographersgroup
MONC-Moths of North Carolina
basistrigella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
Carol Montgomery (born August 24, 1966, in Sechelt, British Columbia) is an Olympic athlete from Canada who competed in triathlon and athletics. They won a bronze medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, and a bronze and a silver at the 1995 Mar del Plata Pan American Games in the 5,000m and 10,000m respectively. They were the World Duathlon Champion in 1993. Once won, they never competed in another duathlon event. They won the gold medal in the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester and often refers to this race as the highlight of their career.
They did race in high school but only in grades 8 to 10 before, returning to running while at Simon Fraser University in 1986, where they honed their running capabilities before embarking on their triathlon career.
Montgomery considered their triathlon career as a full-time "job", and thus competed in very few track races. They competed only once at 1,500m, six times at the 3,000m, six times at the 5,000m, and completed just nine 10,000m events.
They competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They did not finish the competition due to a crash on the bike leg. They were also selected to compete in the 10,000 meters on the track, but had to withdraw due to injury sustained in the triathlon crash.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics, Montgomery finished in 35th place with a time of 2:15:25.62.
Personal records
10000m - 32:11.19
5000m - 15:36.27
3000m - 9:04
1500m - 4:18
References
1965 births
Living people
Canadian female triathletes
Canadian female long-distance runners
Duathletes
Athletes (track and field) at the 1995 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from British Columbia
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
People from the Sunshine Coast Regional District
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in triathlon
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Olympic triathletes of Canada
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Antonio Berlese (26 June 1863, in Padua – 24 October 1927, in Florence) was an Italian entomologist.
Career
Berlese worked on pest insects notably of fruit trees. They published over 300 articles and a book Gli insetti loro organizzazione, sviluppo, abitudini e rapporti con l'uomo (in two volumes, 1909 and 1925); also a series entitled Acari, Myriapoda et Scorpiones hucusque in Italie reperta which appeared in 101 numbers between 1882 et 1903 and which contained over 1,000 figures by Berlese himself. They were a specialist in Hemiptera Coccoidea.
With their brother, Augusto Napoleone Berlese (1864–1903), a plant and mushroom disease specialist, they founded the Revista di Patologia vegetale in 1892. In 1899, they became Director of the Istituto Sperimentale per la Zoologia Agraria.
In 1903 they founded the review Redia, which they edited until their death. This publication promoted zoological studies in agriculture, forestry, and in urban contexts, with an emphasis on entomology, acarology and nematology. The aim was to increase taxonomic knowledge of groups with pest species.
Berlese Funnel
In 1905, Berlese described an apparatus used to extract small creatures from soil for examination. The funnel device has been adapted in numerous ways, but varieties of funnel are still used today.
Legacy
There are roads named after Berlese in Padua, Milan, Bergamo, Treviso and Monte Migliore-la Selvotta.
Works
Partial publication list for 1896 giving an idea of their output.
Le cocciniglie Italiane viventi sugli agrumi. Parte II. I. Lecanium. Riv. Patol. Veget. 3: 49–100(1896).
with Leonardi, G. Diagnosi di cocciniglie nuove. Riv. Patol. Veget. 4: 345–352 (1896).
with Leonardi, G. Diagnosi di cocciniglie nuove. Riv. Patol. Veget. 4: 1–352 (1896).
with Leonardi, G. Le cocciniglie Italiane viventi sugli argumi. Parte III. I Diaspiti. [Cap. I. Note di sistematica e descrizione delle specie.] Riv. Patol. Veget. 4: 74–170 (1896).
with Leonardi, G. Diagnosi di cocciniglie nuove. Riv. Patol. Veget. 4: 345–352 (1896).
References
Conci, C. 1975: Repertorio delle biografie e bibliografie degli scrittori e cultori italiani di entomologia. Mem. Soc. Ent. Ital. 48 1969(4) 817–1069.
Conci, C. & Poggi, R. 1996: Iconography of Italian Entomologists, with essential biographical data. Mem. Soc. Ent. Ital. 75 159–382, Portrait.
Italian entomologists
1863 births
1927 deaths
Scientists from Padua
The International Skydiving Museum & Hall of Fame is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit corporation governed by a Board of Trustees. Equipment and documents are being collected, inventoried, and preserved. Funds are being raised to build the museum in Central Florida.
Functions
The purpose of the International Skydiving Museum & Hall of Fame is to recognize and promote the sport of skydiving and the parachute industry through public education and awareness; recognize the contribution to skydiving by its participants, suppliers, and supporters; capture forever the history of the sport and the industry via its events, equipment, and personalities; and enhance aviation safety as it pertains to skydiving.
References
External links
United States Parachute Association
Parachute Industry Association
Parachutist magazine
Sports museums in Virginia
Parachuting in the United States
Parachuting organizations
Museums in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Non-profit organizations based in Fredericksburg, Virginia
"Walk Alone" is a song by English drum and bass band Rudimental, featuring vocals from Scottish singer and songwriter Tom Walker. The song was released as a digital download on 26 October 2018, as the fourth single from Rudimental's third studio album, Toast to Our Differences. The song was written by Amir Izadkhah, Piers Aggett, Kesi Dryden, Leon "DJ Locksmith" Rolle, Cass Lowe, Ilsey Juber, Dacoury Natche, Thomas Walker, Jesse Shatkin and Jonathan Mensah. It‘s also included on Walker's debut album, What a Time to Be Alive.
Music video
A music video to accompany the release of "Walk Alone" was first released onto YouTube on 1 November 2018. Filmed in Auckland, New Zealand, it follows two rugby players who develop a genuine friendship
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
Songs about loneliness
2018 singles
2018 songs
Rudimental songs
Tom Walker (singer) songs
Song recordings produced by Rudimental
Songs written by Cass Lowe
Songs written by Ilsey Juber
Songs written by DJ Dahi
Songs written by Jesse Shatkin
Sony Music UK singles
Phtheochroa quaesita is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Zacatecas, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1984
Phtheochroa
The Estadio La Granja is a sports venue which is located in Curicó, Maule Region, Chile. The stadium holds 8,278 people and is part of a large sporting complex which also features tennis courts, swimming pools, a gymnasium, a velodrome and some other sport fields. It is the home stadium of Curicó Unido; and the former home ground of Alianza de Curicó, Luis Cruz, and Badminton de Curicó.
The stadium, currently owned by the Municipality of Curicó, originally has a capacity of 4,000. The first change; in 1985; was an increase of about 1,200, and another change was an increase to a capacity of 6,000, effected in 2004. An almost total reconstruction of the stadium was made in 2010, at that time only the west stands remains of the old stadium. Finally in 2017, the west stands were also renovated, marking the current capacity of 8,278 people.
The highest attendance for a match at La Granja to date is 8,981, for the Primera B match between Curicó Unido and Universidad de Chile (0-3), played on January 14, 1990.
In 2017, four Under-17 South American Championship group stage matches were played at the stadium.
New stadium
In 2010, began the demolition and rebuilding the stadium, which was divided into two stages. According to FIFA the standards, this includes seats, LED marker, VIP lounge, transmission booths and athletic track
La Granja
Sports venues in Maule Region
Khejarla village is situated in Bilara Tehsil Of Jodhpur District in Rajasthan. This village is a rural area of Rajasthan. This village is famous for Heritage and Old temple which is Bhesad Mata Temple. Most of the people depends upon farming and local business. In Khejarla village there are many heritage and cultural place.This Village is 22km far from Bilara tehsil and 18km from Pipar City.It is a developed village which is 80 km far from Jodhpur. In 2011, population of the village was 7472.
Point of Interest
1. Khejarla Fort
2. Bhesad Mata Mandir
Nearby Village
1. Ransi gaon
2. Raniwal
3. Bilara
4. Ghodawat
5. Pichiyak
6. Khariya Mithapur
7. Ghana Mangra
8. Jaitaran
9. Borunda
10. Garniya
11. Birawas
12. Tilwasni
13. Chirdhani
14. Buchkalan
15. Bhawi
16. Khariya Aanawas
17. Rawniyana
18. Chokri
19. Sambariya
20. Tilwasni
References
Villages in Jodhpur district
Villages in Bilara tehsil
Villages in Rajasthan
Frank Leigh (18 April 1876 – 9 May 1948) was a British stage and film actor.
Biography
Born in London in 1876, Leigh settled in Hollywood and became a leading man during the silent era. Following the introduction of sound, their roles were much less significant. By the late 1930s all their screen appearances were uncredited. They died in Los Angeles in 1948.
Selected filmography
On Dangerous Ground (1917)
Life's Whirlpool (1917)
Stolen Orders (1918)
Crown Jewels (1918)
All of a Sudden Norma (1919)
The Homebreaker (1919)
Common Property (1919)
Them Buckskin Knight (1919)
Lord and Lady Algy (1919)
A Regular Fellow (1919)
Dangerous Days (1920)
The Cup of Fury (1920)
The Mother of Their Children (1920)
Nurse Marjorie (1920)
Help Wanted - Male (1920)
Pilgrims of the Night (1921)
The Light in the Clearing (1921)
Out of the Silent North (1922)
Truxton King (1923)
The Gentleman from America (1923)
Ashes of Vengeance (1923)
Rosita (1923)
The Reckless Age (1924)
The Breath of Scandal (1924)
As Man Desires (1925)
Their Majesty, Bunker Bean (1925)
The Winding Stair (1925)
The Adorable Deceiver (1926)
Flame of the Argentine (1926)
Secret Orders (1926)
The Impostor (1926)
The Flaming Forest (1926)
The Tigress (1927)
Somewhere in Sonora (1927)
Mockery (1927)
A Night of Mystery (1928)
Love in the Desert (1929)
Montmartre Rose (1929)
The Thirteenth Chair (1929)
Lotus Lady (1930)
Ten Nights in a Barroom (1931)
The Woman from Monte Carlo (1932)
Kiss of Araby (1933)
The Spanish Cape Mystery (1935)
The Amazing Exploits of the Clutching Hand (1936)
The Legion of Missing Men (1937)
The Black Swan (1942)
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1876 births
1948 deaths
British male film actors
British male stage actors
British emigrants to the United States
Male actors from London
Murder at Midnight (a.k.a. The Monster Kills) is a 1931 American pre-Code murder mystery whodunnit directed by Frank R. Strayer.
Plot summary
A murder during a game of charades at a society party leads the police to begin the hunt through the guest-list for a motive and culprit, involving a changed will and booby-trapped telephones. The killer strikes several more times to conceal their or their identity, until all is revealed.
Cast
Aileen Pringle as Esme Kennedy
Alice White as Millie Scripps
Hale Hamilton as Phillip Montrose
Robert Elliott as Inspector Taylor
Clara Blandick as Aunt Julia Gray Kennedy
Brandon Hurst as Lawrence
Leslie Fenton as Walter Grayson
William Humphrey as Colton
Tyrell Davis as The Englishman
Kenneth Thomson as Jim Kennedy
Robert Ellis as Duncan Channing
Post production
Footage from the film was re-used in The Mirror Crack'd (1980).
Preservation status
A print is preserved in the Library of Congress collection Packard Campus for Audio-Visual Conservation. A working/alternative title is The Monster Kills.
References
External links
1931 films
1931 mystery films
American black-and-white films
Tiffany Pictures films
Films directed by Frank R. Strayer
American mystery films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Hanno ( Ḥɴʾ), distinguished as the son of Hannibal, was, according to Diodorus Siculus, a Carthaginian general during the First Punic War (264 to 241 BC).
Historiography
Writing in the 1st century B.C., Diodorus Siculus, mentions Hanno in their account of the First Punic War and refers to them as “Hanno, son of Hannibal”, to distinguish them from other Carthaginians of that name.
Battle of Agrigentum
Before the battle, Hannibal Gisco was in the city of Agrigentum, besieged by the Romans, and Hanno was sent to provide relief. Hanno concentrated their troops at Heraclea Minoa and captured the Roman supply base at Herbesos. They told their Numidian cavalry to attack the Roman cavalry and then feign retreat. The Romans pursued the Numidians as they retreated and were brought to the main Carthaginian column where they suffered many losses. According to Polybius, the siege lasted several months before the Romans defeated the Carthaginians and forced Hanno to retreat.
See also
Other Hannos in Carthaginian history
References
Citations
Bibliography
.
Carthaginian commanders of the First Punic War
3rd-century BC Punic people
Marco Antonio Arriagada Quinchel (born October 30, 1975 in Curicó) is a Chilean professional racing cyclist.  They are the brother of cyclist Marcelo Arriagada. They carried the flag for their native country at the opening ceremony of the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. After a very successful opening to their 2011 season, which saw them take victories in Argentina, Chile and the Dominican Republic, Arriagada tested positive for the anabolic steroid stanozolol during the Vuelta de Chile. They later received a four-year ban.
Career highlights
1999
5th in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista de Chile (CHI)
2001
National Road Race Championships
4th in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista de Chile (CHI)
2002
in Pan American Championships, Track, Individual Pursuit, Quito (ECU):
1st in Stage 10 Vuelta Ciclista de Chile, Los Maitenes (CHI)
2003
1st in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur (CHI)
National Time Trial Championships, Elite, Chile (CHI)
2nd in National Championships, Road, Elite, Chile (CHI)
1st in Stage 7 Vuelta Ciclista de Chile, Farellones (CHI)
1st in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista de Chile (CHI)
in Pan American Games, Track, Team Pursuit, Santo Domingo (DOM)
in Pan American Games, Track, Individual Pursuit, Santo Domingo (DOM)
2004
1st in Moscou, Points race (RUS)
1st in Stage 2 part b Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Mafil (CHI)
1st in Stage 3 Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Villarrica (CHI)
Vuelta Ciclista de Chile:
Winner stage 9
Winner General Classification
3rd in Erondegem (BEL)
2005
1st in Stage 10 Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Maitén (CHI)
3rd in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur (CHI)
Vuelta Ciclista de Chile:
1st in Stage 3, Farellones (CHI)
1st in Stage 6, Los Andes (CHI)
3rd in General Classification
1st in Mountains Classification
Pan American Championships, Mar del Plata (ARG):
in Track, Team Pursuit, Elite
in Track, Pursuit, Elite
in Track, Points Race, Elite
2006
1st in General Classification Termas Chillan (CHI)
1st in Stage 9 Vuelta a Mendoza (ARG)
1st in General Classification Vuelta a Mendoza (ARG)
1st in Stage 3 part b Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Mafil (CHI)
1st in Stage 9 Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Valle Nevado (CHI)
2nd in General Classification Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur (CHI)
national Road Race Championship
1st in Stage 2 Vuelta Ciclista de Chile, Ovalle (CHI)
2007
1st in Stage 5 Vuelta a Peru, Reparticion (PER)
3rd in General Classification Vuelta a Peru (PER)
national Road Race Championship
1st in Stage 2 part b Vuelta Ciclista Lider al Sur, Mafil (CHI)
1st in Mexico, Six Days, Aguascalientes (MEX)
1st in General Classification Vuelta de Atacama (CHI)
in Pan American Games (Team Pursuit), Rio de Janeiro (BRA)
2008
1st in Stage 5 Vuelta de San Juan, Cerro Colorado (ARG)
2010
1st Overall Volta do Parana
1st Stage 1
1st Stage 3
National Time Trial Championships, Elite, Chile (CHI)
2011
1st Overall Tour de San Luis
See also
List of doping cases in cycling
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Chilean male cyclists
Chilean sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in cycling
Chilean track cyclists
Cyclists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic cyclists of Chile
Vuelta Ciclista de Chile stage winners
People from Curicó
Pan American Games gold medalists for Chile
Pan American Games silver medalists for Chile
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
South American Games gold medalists for Chile
South American Games medalists in cycling
Competitors at the 2010 South American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2007 Pan American Games
20th-century Chilean people
21st-century Chilean people
Start screen may refer to:
Home screen
Boot screen, a screen shown at the start of an operating system
Loading screen, a screen shown at the start of a level or mission in a video game
Splash screen, a screen shown at the start of a computer program
Start screen (Windows), in Windows 8.x and Windows Server 2012
Title screen, a screen shown at the start of video game
Rostislav Borisovich Plechko (Russian: Ростислав Борисович Плечко; born 5 January 1989) is a Russian professional boxer who currently holds the Russian and WBA Asia heavyweight titles.
Rostislav Plechko was born in Saint-Petersburg, Russia. A severe pelvis joint trauma was revealed at birth, and despite doctors recommending an urgent surgery, their parents decided to treat their son themselves, and at the age of six, they began walking without any restrictions. After achieving a sports degree in canoeing, they became the Saint-Petersburg City Canoeing champion making it to the final of Russia State Championship. They quit canoeing at the age of fourteen, and just two years later they were enrolled to SPBGU University, and began to attend boxing classes at the university's amateur boxing club.
Boxing career
As an amateur boxer, Plechko was awarded the Saint-Petersburg heavyweight title. They made their professional boxing debut on February 27, 2016 after defeating Sedrak Agagulyan in the first round. Plechko went on to win nine additional fights (and all of which were knockouts within the first round), including victories against Evgeny Orlov and Bernard Adie. On June 10, 2017, Rostislav became the Russian heavyweight champion by stopping Vladimir Goncharov in the first round. After defeating Goncharov, Plechko went on to win the WBA Asia heavyweight title from Ibrahim Labaran on September 7, 2017. In their most recent fight, Plechko stopped Brazilian heavyweight Irineu Beato Costa Junior in the first round. Plechko's professional record currently stands at 13 wins, 0 losses, 0 draws and 13 wins by knockout (all of which were stoppages in the first round). They also had a two out of five-star rating on BoxRec but is currently unrated with their status listed as inactive, due to not having fought for over one full year.
Plechko is currently coached by Alexander Zimin (Russian: Александр Зимин).
Professional boxing record
References
Russian male boxers
Russian sportsmen
Heavyweight boxers
1989 births
Living people
Eugene Ronald Hiscock (born June 27, 1950) was a Canadian politician. They represented the electoral district of Eagle River in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1979 to 1989. They were a member of the Liberal Party. They were born at Chamberlains, Newfoundland.
References
1950 births
Living people
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
People from Conception Bay South
Vascular dementia (VaD) is dementia caused by problems in the supply of blood to the brain, typically a series of minor strokes, leading to worsening cognitive abilities, the decline occurring piecemeal. The term refers to a syndrome consisting of a complex interaction of cerebrovascular disease and risk factors that lead to changes in brain structures due to strokes and lesions, resulting in changes in cognition. The temporal relationship between a stroke and cognitive deficits is needed to make the diagnosis.
Signs and symptoms
Differentiating dementia syndromes can be challenging, due to the frequently overlapping clinical features and related underlying pathology. In particular, Alzheimer's disease often co-occurs with vascular dementia.
People with vascular dementia present with progressive cognitive impairment, acutely or sub-acutely as in mild cognitive impairment, frequently step-wise, after multiple cerebrovascular events (strokes). Some people may appear to improve between events and decline after further silent strokes. A rapidly deteriorating condition may lead to death from a stroke, heart disease, or infection.
The disease is described as both a mental disorder and behavioural disorder within the International Classification of Diseases. Signs and symptoms are cognitive, motor, behavioral, and for a significant proportion of patients, also affective. These changes typically occur over a period of 5–10 years. Signs are typically the same as in other dementias, but mainly include cognitive decline and memory impairment of sufficient severity as to interfere with activities of daily living, sometimes with presence of focal neurologic signs, and evidence of features consistent with cerebrovascular disease on brain imaging (CT or MRI). The neurologic signs localizing to certain areas of the brain that can be observed are hemiparesis, bradykinesia, hyperreflexia, extensor plantar reflexes, ataxia, pseudobulbar palsy, as well as gait problems and swallowing difficulties. People have patchy deficits in terms of cognitive testing. They tend to have better free recall and fewer recall intrusions when compared with patients with Alzheimer's disease. In the more severely affected patients, or patients affected by infarcts in Wernicke's or Broca's areas, specific problems with speaking called dysarthria and aphasias may be present.
In small vessel disease, the frontal lobes are often affected. Consequently, patients with vascular dementia tend to perform worse than their Alzheimer's disease counterparts in frontal lobe tasks, such as verbal fluency, and may present with frontal lobe problems: apathy, abulia (lack of will or initiative), problems with attention, orientation, and urinary incontinence. They tend to exhibit more perseverative behavior. VaD patients may also present with general slowing of processing ability, difficulty shifting sets, and impairment in abstract thinking. Apathy early in the disease is more suggestive of vascular dementia.
Rare genetic disorders that cause vascular lesions in the brain have other presentation patterns. As a rule, they tend to occur earlier in life and have a more aggressive course. In addition, infectious disorders, such as syphilis, can cause arterial damage, strokes, and bacterial inflammation of the brain.
Causes
Vascular dementia can be caused by ischemic or hemorrhagic infarcts affecting multiple brain areas, including the anterior cerebral artery territory, the parietal lobes, or the cingulate gyrus. On rare occasion, infarcts in the hippocampus or thalamus are the cause of dementia. A history of stroke increases the risk of developing dementia by around 70%, and recent stroke increases the risk by around 120%. Brain vascular lesions can also be the result of diffuse cerebrovascular disease, such as small vessel disease.
Risk factors for vascular dementia include age, hypertension, smoking, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Other risk factors include geographic origin, genetic predisposition, and prior strokes.
Vascular dementia can sometimes be triggered by cerebral amyloid angiopathy, which involves accumulation of beta amyloid plaques in the walls of the cerebral arteries, leading to breakdown and rupture of the vessels. Since amyloid plaques are a characteristic feature of Alzheimer's disease, vascular dementia may occur as a consequence. Cerebral amyloid angiopathy can, however, appear in people with no prior dementia condition. Amyloid beta accumulation is often present in cognitively normal elderly people.
Two reviews of 2018 and 2019 found potentially an association between celiac disease and vascular dementia.
Diagnosis
Several specific diagnostic criteria can be used to diagnose vascular dementia, including the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM-IV) criteria, the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Edition (ICD-10) criteria, the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke criteria, Association Internationale pour la Recherche et l'Enseignement en Neurosciences (NINDS-AIREN) criteria, the Alzheimer's Disease Diagnostic and Treatment Center criteria, and the Hachinski Ischemic Score (after Vladimir Hachinski).
The recommended investigations for cognitive impairment include: blood tests (for anemia, vitamin deficiency, thyrotoxicosis, infection, etc.), chest X-Ray, ECG, and neuroimaging, preferably a scan with a functional or metabolic sensitivity beyond a simple CT or MRI. When available as a diagnostic tool, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) and positron emission tomography (PET) neuroimaging may be used to confirm a diagnosis of multi-infarct dementia in conjunction with evaluations involving mental status examination. In a person already having dementia, SPECT appears to be superior in differentiating multi-infarct dementia from Alzheimer's disease, compared to the usual mental testing and medical history analysis. Advances have led to the proposal of new diagnostic criteria.
The screening blood tests typically include full blood count, liver function tests, thyroid function tests, lipid profile, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C reactive protein, syphilis serology, calcium serum level, fasting glucose, urea, electrolytes, vitamin B-12, and folate. In selected patients, HIV serology and certain autoantibody testing may be done.
Mixed dementia is diagnosed when people have evidence of Alzheimer's disease and cerebrovascular disease, either clinically or based on neuro-imaging evidence of ischemic lesions.
Pathology
Gross examination of the brain may reveal noticeable lesions and damage to blood vessels. Accumulation of various substances such as lipid deposits and clotted blood appear on microscopic views. The white matter is most affected, with noticeable atrophy (tissue loss), in addition to calcification of the arteries. Microinfarcts may also be present in the gray matter (cerebral cortex), sometimes in large numbers.
Although atheroma of the major cerebral arteries is typical in vascular dementia, smaller vessels and arterioles are mainly affected.
Prevention
Early detection and accurate diagnosis are important, as vascular dementia is at least partially preventable. Ischemic changes in the brain are irreversible, but the patient with vascular dementia can demonstrate periods of stability or even mild improvement. Since stroke is an essential part of vascular dementia, the goal is to prevent new strokes. This is attempted through reduction of stroke risk factors, such as high blood pressure, high blood lipid levels, atrial fibrillation, or diabetes mellitus. Meta-analyses have found that medications for high blood pressure are effective at prevention of pre-stroke dementia, which means that high blood pressure treatment should be started early. These medications include angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, diuretics, calcium channel blockers, sympathetic nerve inhibitors, angiotensin II receptor antagonists or adrenergic antagonists. Elevated lipid levels, including HDL, were found to increase risk of vascular dementia. However, six large recent reviews showed that therapy with statin drugs was ineffective in treatment or prevention of this dementia. Aspirin is a medication that is commonly prescribed for prevention of strokes and heart attacks; it is also frequently given to patients with dementia. However, its efficacy in slowing progression of dementia or improving cognition has not been supported by studies. Smoking cessation and Mediterranean diet have not been found to help patients with cognitive impairment; physical activity was consistently the most effective method of preventing cognitive decline.
Treatment
Currently, there are no medications that have been approved specifically for prevention or treatment of vascular dementia. The use of medications for treatment of Alzheimer's dementia, such as cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine, has shown small improvement of cognition in vascular dementia. This is most likely due to the drugs' actions on co-existing AD-related pathology. Multiple studies found a small benefit in VaD treatment with: memantine, a non-competitive N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist; cholinesterase inhibitors galantamine, donepezil, rivastigmine; Studies have been proposed to evaluate whether an extract of Ginkgo biloba EGb761 improves cognition, daily activities, and quality of life in treating vascular dementia.
In those with celiac disease or non-celiac gluten sensitivity, a strict gluten-free diet may relieve symptoms of mild cognitive impairment. It should be started as soon as possible. There is no evidence that a gluten free diet is useful against advanced dementia. People with no digestive symptoms are less likely to receive early diagnosis and treatment.
General management of dementia includes referral to community services, aid with judgment and decision-making regarding legal and ethical issues (e.g., driving, capacity, advance directives), and consideration of caregiver stress. Behavioral and affective symptoms deserve special consideration in this patient group. These problems tend to resist conventional psychopharmacological treatment, and often lead to hospital admission and placement in permanent care.
Prognosis
Many studies have been conducted to determine average survival of patients with dementia. The studies were frequently small and limited, which caused contradictory results in the connection of mortality to the type of dementia and the patient's gender. A very large study conducted in the Netherlands in 2015 found that the one-year mortality was three to four times higher in patients after their first referral to a day clinic for dementia, when compared to the general population. If the patient was hospitalized for dementia, the mortality was even higher than in patients hospitalized for cardiovascular disease. Vascular dementia was found to have either comparable or worse survival rates when compared to Alzheimer's Disease; another very large 2014 Swedish study found that the prognosis for VaD patients was worse for male and older patients.
Unlike Alzheimer's disease, which weakens the patient, causing them to succumb to bacterial infections like pneumonia, vascular dementia can be a direct cause of death due to the possibility of a fatal interruption in the brain's blood supply.
Epidemiology
Vascular dementia is the second-most-common form of dementia after Alzheimer's disease (AD) in older adults. The prevalence of the illness is 1.5% in Western countries and approximately 2.2% in Japan. It accounts for 50% of all dementias in Japan, 20% to 40% in Europe and 15% in Latin America. 25% of stroke patients develop new-onset dementia within one year of their stroke. One study found that in the United States, the prevalence of vascular dementia in all people over the age of 71 is 2.43%, and another found that the prevalence of the dementias doubles with every 5.1 years of age. The incidence peaks between the fourth and the seventh decades of life and 80% of patients have a history of hypertension.
A recent meta-analysis identified 36 studies of prevalent stroke (1.9 million participants) and 12 studies of incident stroke (1.3 million participants). For prevalent stroke, the pooled hazard ratio for all-cause dementia was 1.69 (95% confidence interval: 1.49–1.92; P < .00001; I2 = 87%). For incident stroke, the pooled risk ratio was 2.18 (95% confidence interval: 1.90–2.50; P < .00001; I2 = 88%). Study characteristics did not modify these associations, with the exception of sex, which explained 50.2% of between-study heterogeneity for prevalent stroke. These results confirm that stroke is a strong, independent, and potentially modifiable risk factor for all-cause dementia.
See also
Binswanger's disease
Cerebrovascular accident
References
External links
Multi-Infarct Dementia Fact Sheet at ninds.nih.gov
American Academy of Neurology (December 21, 2007). "Walking and Moderate Exercise Help Prevent Dementia". ScienceDaily. Retrieved December 21, 2007, from https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2007/12/071219202948.htm
Cognitive disorders
Dementia
Learning disabilities
Mental disorders due to brain damage
Marquess of San Felipe (; ), is a hereditary title in the Peerage of Spain and Peerage of Sardinia, granted in 1709 by Philip V to Vicente Bacallar y Sanna, a Sardinian historian of Valencian origin who served as ambassador in the Spanish Netherlands and the Republic of Genoa
The title became extinct in 1983 and is currently held in pretence by Vincenzo Amat di San Filippo, an Italian from Alghero.
The grant
Vicente Bacallar y Sanna (as in the Spanish and Sardinian use, with both the father's and the mother's surnames) was a military officer and politician who supported Philip of Anjou, the heir appointed by the last Habsburg king Charles II, in the War of the Spanish Succession. For this reason, they had to flow in exile when the other claimant, Charles of Austria, took control over Sardinia. As an award to Bacallar's loyalty, Philip, now Philip V of Spain, made them Viscount of Fuente Hermosa and Marquess of St. Philip (as a homage to their own patron saint). Bacallar became later an important historian, linguist and political philosopher while still serving as military and diplomat.
The inheritance
Bacallar's only surviving issue was their daughter Maria Josefa, who married Francisco Amat of an ancient and distinguished Sardinian house of Catalan origin, son of the Marquess of Villarios. In accordance with Spanish and Sardinian succession rules at that time, they inherited the titles and has transmitted them to their issue. Amat firstborn (the eldest male) has brought the title of Marquess of St. Philip since (the Viscountcy being laid down, although no formal act of disclaimer has ever been issued), and they were recognized as such in Italian official registers until the Italian Republic ceased to recognize nobility titles. Along with the titles, Amats have inherited the name Vicente, or Vincenzo in Italian.
List of Marquesses of San FelipeIn order to describe the spouses' houses, main titles of those houses are indicated, in the modern Italian form «of the [title]»
Vicente Bacallar, 1st Marquess of San Felipe (b. 1669), 1709-1726; m. Jeronima Cervellon Manca of the Barons of Samatzai;
Maria Josefa Bacallar Cervellon, 2nd Marchioness of San Felipe suo jure (b. 1694), daughter of the latter, 1726-1738; m. Francisco Amat Tola of the Marquesses of Villarios;
Vicente (Vincenzo) Amat Bacallar, 3rd Marquess of San Felipe (b. 1726), son of the latter, 1738-1762; m. Magdalena Manca Masones Marchioness of Albis suo jure;
Juan (Giovanni) Amat Manca, 4th Marquess of San Felipe (b. 1754), Marquess of Albis, etc., son of the latter, 1762-1818; m. Eusebia Amat Vico, Baroness of Sorso suo jure;
Vincenzo (Vincenzo Anastasio) Amat Amat, 5th Marquess of San Felipe, Baron of Sorso, Marquess of Soleminis, Marquess of Albis, etc. (b. 1790), son of the latter, 1812-1869; m. Emanuela Amat Manca of the Marquesses of Villarios;
Giovanni Amat Amat, 6th Marquess of San Felipe, etc. (b. 1823), son of the latter, 1869-1879; m. Matilde Quesada Amat of the Marquesses of San Sebastián;
Vincenzo Amat Quesada, 7th Marquess of San Felipe, etc. (b. 1852), son of the latter, 1879-1912; m. 1st Caterina Sanjust Amat of the Barons of Teulada and 2nd Ottavia Sanjust Amat of the Barons of Teulada;
Luigi Amat Sanjust, 8th Marquess of San Felipe, etc. (b. 1890), son of the latter by 1st marriage, 1912-1966; m. Paola Amat Cartolari of the Marquesses of San Felipe;
Vincenzo Amat Amat, 9th Marquess of San Felipe, etc. (b. 1921), son of the latter, 1966-1987; m. Maria Gabriella Corridori.
Present holder is a nephew of the latter, also called Vincenzo, with their younger brother as heir presumptive.
References
The title is not currently extant as it is not included in either the BOE, the Diputación Permanente y Consejo de la Grandeza y Títulos del Reino or the Elenco de Grandezas y Títulos Nobiliarios Españoles.
Sources
Francesco Floris, Feudi e feudatari in Sardegna (in Italian; meaning Fiefs and feudal lords in Sardinia), Cagliari, Della Torre, 1996, pp. 528–535. .
Origen del Cavallerato y de la Nobleza de varias Familias del Reyno de Cerdeña manuscript Amat 1775-1790 (in Spanish; meaning Origin of the knighthood and nobility of various families from the kingdom of Sardinia), Associazione nobiliare araldica genealogica regionale della Sardegna, Cagliari, Libreria Cocco, 1977, ad vocem.
Francesco Floris and Sergio Serra, Storia della nobiltà in Sardegna. Genealogia e araldica delle famiglie nobili sarde (in Italian; meaning History of nobility in Sardinia. Genealogy and heraldry of Sardinian noble families), Cagliari, Della Torre, 1986, ad vocem.
See also
List of Marquesses in Italy
Margraves of Italy
Thrypticus is a genus of long-legged flies in the family Dolichopodidae. There are about 90 described species in Thrypticus. At least two species are known to be leaf miners: T. bellus and T. smaragdinus.
See also
List of Thrypticus species
References
Medeterinae
Dolichopodidae genera
Diptera of Australasia
Taxa named by Carl Eduard Adolph Gerstaecker
Russian football club Torpedo Moscow has taken part in many European competitions since the 1960s, including the European Cup, the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, the UEFA Cup, and the UEFA Intertoto Cup.
Furthest the club has gone in a European competition was reaching the quarter-finals of the 1990–91 UEFA Cup, beating GAIS, Sevilla, and AS Monaco, before losing to Brondby on penalties. The club has participated in European competitions 20 times, with the first coming in the 1966–67 European Cup and the last in the 2003–04 UEFA Cup.
External links
Наши в еврокубках
FC Torpedo Moscow
Torpedo Moscow
Soviet football clubs in international competitions
The was a cutter class vessel owned and operated by the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society since December 2017.  They are being used in their direct action campaigns against illegal fisheries activities.
Overview
The ship is an built by Bollinger Shipyards, Lockport, Louisiana and first launched in 1991 as the U.S. Coast Guard cutter Bainbridge Island. The vessel is identical to their sister ships and . After 22 years of service, it was retired in a ceremony in New Jersey on 17 March 2014.
The vessel was purchased and was donated to Sea Shepherd Conservation Society by medtech entrepreneur Chris Sharp, and it was presented at a press conference on 11 December 2017 in Miami, Florida. The vessel was renamed MV Sharpie, named after its donor.  They are a cutter powered by two Caterpillar diesel engines and can travel at a maximum speed of with a range of .
Incidents
In January 2019, a "mob of over 50 skiffs" threw Molotov cocktails and rocks burning the MV Sharpie's Hull and breaking windows.
In February 2020, the MV Sharpie was fired upon while on "routine" patrol of the Vaquita Refuge in the Gulf of California.
See also
Neptune's Navy, Sea Shepherd vessels
Sea Shepherd Conservation Society operations
References
Sea Shepherd Conservation Society ships
2017 ships
Ships built in Lockport, Louisiana
Island-class patrol boats
Thursday Night Baseball is the de facto branding used for live game telecasts of Major League Baseball on Thursday nights.
History
USA Network Thursday Night Baseball (1979–1983)
From 1979 to 1983, the USA Network broadcast Major League Baseball games under the Thursday Game of the Week banner.
The series began April 26, 1979 with a doubleheader: Cleveland at Kansas City (Jim Woods/Bud Harrelson) followed by Baltimore at California (Monte Moore/Maury Wills). The second game of the night was typically, based out of the West Coast. The games were usually blacked out of the competing teams' cities. Once in a while, when USA did a repeat of the telecast late at night, local cities were allowed to show the rerun.
From 1980 to 1981, Woods and Nelson Briles (replacing Harrelson) did the early games (except for a game at Montreal on October 2, 1980, which reunited Woods with onetime Boston Red Sox radio partner Ned Martin), while Moore and Wes Parker (replacing Wills) called the late game.
In 1982, doubleheaders did not start until June 17. Prior to the doubleheaders starting, Moore and Parker did the individual game until then. When the doubleheaders finally began, Moore and Parker moved over to the late game for the rest of the year. Meanwhile, Eddie Doucette (replacing Jim Woods) and Nelson Briles were assigned to call the early game.
USA continued with the plan of not starting doubleheaders until June in the final year of the package in 1983. Steve Zabriskie and Al Albert filled in for Eddie Doucette in September 1982 (Steve Grad also occasionally substituted) while Albert replaced Doucette for a game or more in 1983.
ABC's Thursday Night Baseball (1989)
In 1989, the ABC network aired Thursday night Major League Baseball games after having broadcast Monday Night Baseball (and occasional Sunday afternoon games) since 1976. This was ABC's final year of consecutive baseball coverage (teaming with NBC, which had telecast Saturday afternoon games since 1966 and Major League Baseball in general since 1947) due to CBS signing a four-year contract (spanning from 1990 to 1993) to become the exclusive national broadcast network provider for Major League Baseball games.
Al Michaels, Jim Palmer, and Tim McCarver formed ABC's lead broadcast team. Meanwhile, Gary Thorne was the backup play-by-play man alongside Joe Morgan (who had worked with Gary Bender the previous season) on color commentary.
Rumors of Thursday night games on CBS
In 1990, CBS replaced ABC and NBC as the broadcast network television home of Major League Baseball. But before the previous television contract (which ran from to ) with Major League Baseball was signed, CBS was at one point, interested in a pact which would have called for three interleague games airing only on Thursday nights during the season. The proposed deal with CBS involved respectively American League East teams playing the National League East, and the American League West playing the National League West.
In October , when it was a known fact that ABC and NBC were going to end their television deal/joint venture with Major League Baseball, preliminary talks arose about CBS resuming its role as the league's national over-the-air broadcaster. It was rumored that CBS would show Thursday night games (more specifically, a package of West Coast inter-league games scheduled for the 11:30 p.m. Eastern/8:30 Pacific Time slot) while Fox would show Saturday afternoon games. CBS and Fox were also rumored to share rights to the postseason. In the end however, CBS' involvement did not come to pass and NBC became Fox's over-the-air national television partner. Whereas each team earned about $14 million in 1990 under CBS, the later television agreement with NBC and Fox beginning in 1996 earned each team about $6.8 million.
Fox Sports Net and Fox Family's coverage (1997–2001)
In 1997, as part of the contract with Major League Baseball it had signed the year before, Fox Sports gained an additional outlet for its coverage. Its recently launched network of cable regional sports networks, Fox Sports Net, was given rights to two Thursday night games per week, one for the Eastern and Central time zones and one for the Mountain and Pacific time zones.
In 2000, as part of an exclusive contract Fox signed with MLB, that coverage passed to Fox Family Channel and was reduced to one game per week. After the 2000 season, Fox also gained rights to the entire postseason and moved a large portion of its Division Series coverage to Fox Family. This lasted for one season due to The Walt Disney Company acquiring Fox Family. As part of the transaction, Fox Family was renamed ABC Family and ESPN gained the rights to Fox Family and FX's MLB coverage, although the 2002 Division Series aired on ABC Family due to contractual issues, but with ESPN production, a sign of things to come at ABC Sports. Control of the overall contract remained with Fox, meaning they could renegotiate following the 2006 season and not allow ESPN to retain its postseason coverage. For the 2007 season, Fox did exactly that, and TBS became the other home of the postseason as part of its new baseball contract.
Play-by-play announcers for the FSN/Fox Family coverage included Kenny Albert, Thom Brennaman, Chip Caray, Josh Lewin, and Steve Physioc. Color analysts included Bob Brenly, Kevin Kennedy, Steve Lyons, and Jeff Torborg. Occasionally, FSN would simulcast a local-team feed of a game from one of its affiliated RSNs in lieu of a dedicated national production.
ESPN Thursday Night Baseball (consistently: 2003–2006) (select games: 1996, 2002, 2011-2012, 2015, 2017-present)
ESPN Thursday Night Baseball aired on either ESPN or ESPN2 from 2003 to 2006 and featured one game per week, taking over the package that had been on Fox Family Channel. Castrol served as the presenting sponsor for the telecasts.
The play-by-play commentator was Chris Berman along with either Joe Morgan or Eric Karros as color commentator. In 2006, Duke Castiglione joined the broadcast as the field reporter.
ESPN Thursday Night Baseball was officially discontinued after the 2006 season because the broadcast rights to the package were lost to TBS. TBS showed the games on Sunday afternoons that ESPN previously aired on Thursday nights. Thursday Night Baseball was replaced with MLS Primetime Thursday.
Even though Thursday Night Baseball was officially discontinued after the 2006 season, ESPN has still aired select games on Thursday nights. This occurred in 2011, 2012, 2015, and every year since 2017, when Opening Day of the MLB season was moved to Thursdays, as an evening game on Opening Day remains part of ESPN's baseball contract.
MLB Network Showcase (2009-present)
On April 9, 2009, MLB Network aired its first ever self-produced live baseball telecast. The network typically produces 26 non-exclusive live games a year during the regular season; since one or both teams' local TV rights holders also carry the games, the MLB Network feed is subject to local blackouts. In that event, the cities in the blacked-out markets will instead see a simulcast of another scheduled game via one team's local TV rights holder.
For the shortened 2020 season, MLB Network aired 8 games on Thursday nights, mostly simulcasts of regional sports networks.
Fox Sports Thursday Night Baseball (2014–present)
Fox (2019-present)
For the 2019 season, Fox Sports announced that they would air two games on Thursday nights in September. Four Thursday night games were aired on Fox in a regionalized form, with the Atlanta Braves vs. the Philadelphia Phillies and the Los Angeles Dodgers vs. the Baltimore Orioles airing September 12 at 7:15. The following week, the St. Louis Cardinals vs. the Chicago Cubs and the Detroit Tigers vs. the Cleveland Indians were aired. The primary games were called by Joe Davis, John Smoltz, and Ken Rosenthal, while the secondary games were called by Kenny Albert, A. J. Pierzynski, and Jon Morosi in 2019.
With the 2020 season being abbreviated to just 60 games due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Fox announced that they would broadcast at least four games on Thursday nights beginning on July 30 and continuing through the month of August. Fox aired three weekends of Thursday night games in 2020, with July 30 and August 6 being regionalized, while August 13 was a national broadcast for the whole country. Fox was supposed to air another week of regional games on August 27, but they were postponed in the wake of player protest after the police shooting of Jacob Blake in Kenosha, Wisconsin (and instead those games got rescheduled to Saturday which aired as part of the Baseball Night in America package)
For the 2021 season, Fox only aired one Thursday night game. The "Field of Dreams Game" between the New York Yankees and the Chicago White Sox.
For the 2022 Season Fox aired three weeks of Thursday night games,The first aired was the Field of Dreams game on August 11 then it aired games in 2 weeks of September (to avoid College Football)
FS1 (2014–present)
While not weekly FS1 has aired baseball on Thursday nights occasionally since 2014. One game was aired on Thursdays in 2014 and 2015, two games in 2016, one game in 2017 and two games in 2018, three games were aired in 2020 and three games in 2022. FS1 usually airs baseball games on Saturdays.
Schedule
Games distributed regionally
YouTube (2019-present)
Since 2019, YouTube has aired a select amount of Major League Baseball games. These games are produced by MLB Network but are available exclusively through the MLB YouTube channel. While most games stream on Wednesday afternoons, some games have streamed on Thursdays.
References
External links
Searchable Network TV Broadcasts
ABC Sports
1979 American television series debuts
1983 American television series endings
1989 American television series debuts
1989 American television series endings
2003 American television series debuts
2003 American television series endings
2019 American television series debuts
Major League Baseball on television
Major League Baseball on Fox
USA Network Sports
1990s American television series
2020s American television series
Fox Sports Networks original programming
American Broadcasting Company original programming
ESPN original programming
ESPN2 original programming
Fox Family Channel original programming
Chimes of Freedom (23 January 1987 – 2014) was an American-bred British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse and broodmare. Bred in Kentucky by their owner Stavros Niarchos they were sent to race in England where they were trained by Henry Cecil. They were one of the best juvenile fillies of their generation in Europe, winning four of their five races including the Cherry Hinton Stakes in Britain and the Moyglare Stud Stakes in Ireland. In the following year they did not contest any of the classics but recorded major victories in the Coronation Stakes and the Child Stakes. After being retired at the end of the season they became a highly successful broodmare, producing several major winners.
Background
Chimes of Freedom was a chestnut mare with a small white star and a white sock on their right front foot bred in Kentucky by Flaxman Holdings, the breeding company of their owner Stavros Niarchos. They were trained throughout their racing career by Henry Cecil at their Warren Place stable in Newmarket, Suffolk and was ridden in all of their races by Steve Cauthen.
They were sired by Private Account a top-class performer on dirt in the United States who won the Gulfstream Park Handicap and the Widener Handicap in 1980. They later became a very successful breeding stallion who showed a particular aptitude for siring racemares: the best of their offspring included Personal Ensign, East of the Moon and Inside Information. Chimes of Freedom's dam Aviance won the Phoenix Stakes for Robert Sangster in 1984 and was later sold privately to Niarchos. Aviance produced several other winners including Denon (Hollywood Derby, Charles Whittingham Memorial Handicap, Turf Classic, Manhattan Handicap), and Imperfect Circle (dam of Spinning World). Aviance was a granddaughter of the influential broodmare Best In Show, whose other descendants included El Gran Senor, Try My Best, Xaar, Jazil, Rags to Riches and Redoute's Choice.
Racing career
1989: two-year-old season
Chimes of Freedom began their racing career in a six furlong maiden race at Lingfield Park Racecourse on 27 May. They started 4/11 favourite against seven opponents and won easily by six lengths. Nineteen days later they beat two rivals in the Kingsclere Stakes over the same distance at Newbury Racecourse at odds of 1/4. On 11 July the filly was stepped up in class for the Group Three Cherry Hinton Stakes at Newmarket Racecourse and started 4/9 favourite in an eight-runner field. Them challengers included Dead Certain and Please Believe Me who had finished first and second in the Queen Mary Stakes at Royal Ascot. After chasing the leaders they finished strongly but it was only in the final stride that they caught Dead Certain (who was carrying a five-pound weight penalty for their Ascot victory) to win by a short head.
In September Chimes of Freedom was sent to Ireland for the Group One Moyglare Stud Stakes at the Curragh and started second favourite behind Pharaoh's Delight, a British-trained filly who had won the Princess Margaret Stakes and the Phoenix Stakes. Chimes of Freedom produced their best performance up to that time, moving up alongside Pharaoh's Delight two furlongs out before drawing away to win by six lengths. On their final appearance of the season, Chimes of Freedom started favourite for Britain's most prestigious race for juvenile fillies, the Cheveley Park Stakes over six furlongs at Newmarket. In a blanket finish in which the first five finishers were separated by one and a half lengths, they finished third of the eleven runners behind Dead Certain and Line of Thunder.
1990: three-year-old season
On their first appearance as a three-year-old Chimes of Freedom started second favourite behind Dead Certain in the Fred Darling Stakes (a trial for the 1000 Guineas) at Newbury. Although Dead Certain ran poorly and finished tailed-off, Chimes of Freedom never looked likely to win and finished fourth of the eight runners behind Salsabil, Haunting Beauty and London Pride.
After a break of two months, Chimes of Freedom was one of seven fillies to contest the 141st renewal of the Coronation Stakes at Royal Ascot and was made the 11/2 fourth choice in the betting. The favourite was Heart of Joy who had won the Nell Gwyn Stakes before finishing second in both the 1000 Guineas and the Irish 1000 Guineas whilst the other contenders included Pharaoh's Delight and the highly regarded Harry Thomson Jones-trained Hasbah. The filly was restrained by Cauthen in the early stages and turned into the straight in fourth place behind Hasbah, Water Well and Heart of Joy. They moved forward in the straight to take the lead a furlong out and accelerated clear of the field to win "easily" by five lengths from Hasbah, with Heart of oy a length and a half away in third place. On 11 July Chimes of Freedom started 4/6 for the Group Two Child Stakes (now the Group One Falmouth Stakes) at Newmarket for which their rivals included Hasbah and the four-year-old Aldbourne. After being held up by Cauthen, they took the lead approaching the final furlong and drew away to win by two and a half lengths from the Dick Hern-trained Arousal with Hasbah in third.
A month after their win at Newmarket, Chimes of Freedom was sent to France and was matched against colts and older horses in the Prix Jacques Le Marois at Deauville. They were amongst the leaders until the last 400 metres but then weakened and finished seventh of the ten runners behind Priolo.
Breeding record
Chimes of Freedom was retired from racing to become a broodmare for Flaxman Holdings in Kentucky. They produced at least eleven foals and six winners between 1993 and 2008:
Wind of Roses, a chestnut filly, foaled in 1993, sired by Lomond. Unraced.
Tomisue's Indy, chestnut filly, 1994, by A.P. Indy. Won six races.
Slievenamon, chestnut colt, 1995, by Seeking the Gold. Won one race.
Good Journey, chestnut colt, 1996, by Nureyev. Earned $1.7 million and won seven races including the Atto Mile, Citation Handicap (twice) and Firecracker Handicap.
Aldebaran, bay colt, 1998, by Mr. Prospector. Earned $1.7 million and won eight races including the San Carlos Handicap, Metropolitan Handicap, Forego Handicap, Churchill Downs Handicap, Tom Fool Handicap. 2003 American Champion Sprint Horse.
Sea of Showers, bay filly, 1999, by Seattle Slew. Won four races including the Jenny Wiley Stakes.
Borobudur, bay colt, 2003, by Kingmambo. Won two races.
Modesty Blaise, bay filly, 2004, by A.P. Indy. Failed to win in six races.
Best Project, chestnut colt, 2005, by Kingmambo. Raced in Japan.
Arithmancer, bay colt, 2007, by Kingmambo. Failed to win in two races.
White Curtain, chestnut colt, 2008, by Mingun. Failed to win in two races.
Chimes of Freedom died in 2014.
Pedigree
References
1987 racehorse births
2014 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 8-f
Danxia Zichun (1064–1117) (; Hànyǔ pīnyīn Dānxiá Zichún; ) was a Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty. They were born in a city called Zitong, which is in modern Sichuan Province.  They are buried in south of Mt Hong near the modern city of Wuhan. While not a particularly notable monk himself, their three students, Hongzhi Zhengjue, Zhenxie Qingliao, Huizhao Qingyu, were each especially famous during their lifetimes.  They are the only student of Furong Daokai that has a collection of recorded sayings that has survived to the present. In these sayings, they advocated a silent illumination approach to seated meditation. For example, they are recorded as saying, "You must completely let go of all worldly concerns and sit totally still in the dry wood hall. You must die a turn and then in this death establish everything in the whole universe."
References
Chan Buddhist monks
1064 births
1117 deaths
Song dynasty Buddhist monks
11th-century Chinese people
The 2016–17 San Jose State Spartans women's basketball team represented San José State University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Spartans, led by fourth year head coach Jamie Craighead, played their home games at the Event Center Arena as members of the Mountain West Conference. They finished the season 11–21, 7–11 in Mountain West play to finish in eighth place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the Mountain West Women's Tournament where they lost to Colorado State.
Roster
Schedule
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Mountain West regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style="background:#005a8b; color:#c79900;"| Mountain West Tournament
See also
2016–17 San Jose State Spartans men's basketball team
References
San Jose State
San Jose State Spartans women's basketball seasons
Harkor is Kuldevi of Lohana clan.  They are worshiped by Lohanas along with their brother Rana Jashraj.
As per their folk tales, Jashraj, who lived around between 1205 and 1231 near Lohar-gadha (presentday Lahore), was at their wedding mandapa when they realise that enemies were taking away cows, an animal holy to Hindus. Hearing this they left their wedding and went after the enemies with a group of warriors to save the cows. They were accompanied by their sister Harkor Pobaru, who led a group of Lohana women warriors.
Although, the enemy from Kabul was eventually defeated and Jashraj victorious, they were killed as the result of an enemy strategem. Harkor also fell in the battle, becoming a martyr. Ever since both have been worshiped by Lohanas and Bhanushalis as kuladevata and kuladevi, respectively.
 They are especially revered and worshiped as clan-deity by the Pobaru branch of Lohanas, into which they were married.
See also
Rana Vachhraj
References
Hindu folk deities
The Paenitentiale Bedae (also known as the Paenitentiale Pseudo-Bedae, or more commonly as either Bede's penitential or the Bedan penitential) is an early medieval penitential handbook composed around 730, possibly by the Anglo-Saxon monk Bede.
Background
Authorship
Sources
Manuscripts and transmission
There are four extant manuscripts that contain the Paenitentiale Bedae, all dating to the ninth century, ranging geographically from northeastern France to the Main river region. The sigla given below (W9, Z2, etc.) are those introduced by Reinhard Haggenmüller.
Haggenmüller divided the four main surviving witnesses of the Paenitentiale Bedae into two groups, based broadly on the regions in which they were produced, the nature and arrangement of their accompanying texts, and shared readings in the Paenitentiale Bedae itself.: the 'Rhine-Main river' group consists of the oldest manuscripts (W9 and Se1), while the 'East-Frankish' group (Mp2 and Z2) represents a slightly older tradition.
The Paenitentiale Bedae is also transmitted in somewhat altered form as part of two later penitential texts known as the Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (or Preliminary Stage of the Unified Bedan-Ecgberhtine Penitential, in which the Paenitentiale Ecgberhti is affixed to the end of the Paenitentiale Bedae) and the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (or Unified Bedan-Ecgberhtine Penitential; like the Preliminary Stage, but the whole is now preceded by the prefaces of both the Paenitentiale Bedae and the Paenitentiale Ecgberhti), and in greatly altered form in the still later Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (or Merged Bedan-Ecgberhtine Penitential, in which the chapters of both the Paenitentiale Bedae and the Paenitentiale Ecgberhti are mixed together and arranged by topic).
Reception
Editions
The Paenitentiale Bedae itself has been edited twice and reprinted once:
F.W.H. Wasserschleben, ed., Die Bussordnungen der abendländischen Kirche (Halle, 1851), pp. 220–30, printing from W9. This edition is currently standard.
W. Stubbs with A.W. Haddan, eds, Councils and ecclesiastical documents relating to Great Britain and Ireland, vol. 3 (Oxford, 1873), pp. 326–34, reprinting Wasserschleben's edition of W9.
H.J. Schmitz, ed., Die Bussbücher und die Bussdisciplin der Kirche, nach handschriftlichen Quellen dargestellt (Mainz, 1883), pp. 556–64, printing an incomplete text of the Vorstufe from Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm 12673 (up to c. 5.11), to which is appended a reprint of the final chapters of Wasserschleben's edition of W9.
Much more numerous are editions of the Paenitentiale Bedae in the later modified forms mentioned above, namely the Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti, the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti, and the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti. These works, which present the Paenitentiale Bedae material in sometimes greatly modified form, have been edited and reprinted many times since the early modern period.
The Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti has been edited four times:
E. Martène and U. Durand, eds, Veterum scriptorum et monumentorum historicorum, dogmaticorum, moralium, amplissima collectio ..., 9 vols (Paris 1724–1733), vol. VII, cols 37–49, printing from a now lost St-Hubert manuscript.
H.J. Schmitz, ed., Die Bussbücher und die Bussdisciplin der Kirche, nach handschriftlichen Quellen dargestellt (Mainz, 1883), pp. 573–87, printing an incomplete text of the Vorstufe from Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm 12673.
H.J. Schmitz, ed., Die Bussbücher und die Bussdisciplin der Kirche, nach handschriftlichen Quellen dargestellt (Mainz, 1883), pp. 556–64, printing an incomplete text of the Vorstufe from Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm 12673 (as above).
H.J. Schmitz, ed., Die Bussbücher und das kanonische Bussverfahren, nach handschriftlichen Quellen dargestellt (Düsseldorf, 1898), pp. 654–59, printing the Sonderrezension der Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti from Vatican, Biblioteca Apostolica Vaticana, Pal. lat. 294, fols 78–136, with variant readings from the W9 text of the Paenitentiale Bedae.
The Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti has been edited three times and reprinted nine times:
J. Heerwag, ed., Opera Bedae Venerabilis ... omnia in octo tomos distincta ... (Basel, 1563), VIII, cols 1127–34, printing from a now lost manuscript.
A. Augustín, ed., Canones paenitentiales quibus ordine succedunt ... (Tarragona, 1581), pp. 107–19, reprinting Heerwag.
G. Rocchi, ed., Antonii Augustini Archiepiscopi Tarraconensis opera omnia ..., 8 vols (Luca, 1765–1774), III, pp. 298–308, reprinting Augustín.
H. Spelman, with J. Stephens and J. Spelman, eds, Concilia, decreta, leges, constitutiones in re ecclesiarum orbis Britannici ... ab initio christianæ ibidem religionis, ad nostram usque ætatem ... Tom. I: ... a primis Christi seculis usque ad introitum Normannorum ... (London, 1639), pp. 281–88, reprinting Heerwag.
Conciliorum omnium generalium et provincialium collectio regia, 37 vols (Paris, 1644), XVII, pp. 517–29, reprinting Spelman.
P. Labbè and G. Cossart, eds, Sacrosancta concilia ad regiam editionem exacta quæ nunc quarta parte prodit auctior, 16 vols (Paris, 1671–1672), VI, cols 1611–1619, reprinting the Collectio regia.
N. Coleti, ed. Sacrosancta concilia ad regiam editionem exacta, quæ olim quarta parte prodit auctior studio Philip. Labbei, & Gabr. Cossartii ..., 23 vols (Venice, 1728–1733), VIII, cols 359–366, reprinting Labbè–Cossart.
G.D. Mansi, ed., Sacrorum conciliorum nova et amplissima collectio ..., 31 vols (Florence, 1759–1798; repr. with 22 additional volumes containing supplementary material, Paris and Leipzig, 1901–1927), XII, cols 489–498, reprinting Labbè–Cossart.
J.-P. Migne, ed., Patrologiæ cursus completus sive bibliotheca universalis ... omnium SS. patrum, doctorum scriptorumque ecclesiasticorum qui ab ævo apostoloca ad usque Innocentii III tempora floruerunt ... series secunda (= Latina) ..., 217 vols, (Paris, 1844–1864), LXXXIX, cols 443–454, reprinting Mansi.
J.-P. Migne, ed., Patrologiæ cursus completus sive bibliotheca universalis ... omnium SS. patrum, doctorum scriptorumque ecclesiasticorum qui ab ævo apostoloca ad usque Innocentii III tempora floruerunt ... series secunda (= Latina) ..., 217 vols, (Paris, 1844–1864), XCIV, cols 567–675, reprinting ???.
J. Morin, ed., Commentarius historicus de disciplina in administratione sacramenti poenitentiæ tredecim primis seculis in ecclesia occidentali ... (Paris, 1651), Appendix, pp. 32–6, printing from a now lost Saint-Hubert manuscript.
B. Albers, "Wann sind die Beda-Egbert'schen Bussbücher verfaßt worden, und wer ist ihr Verfasser?", Archiv für katholisches Kirchenrecht 81 (1901), pp. 393–420.
The Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti has been edited twice and reprinted twice:
F.W.H. Wasserschleben, Beitraege zur Geschichte der vorgratianischen Kirchenrechtsquellen, (Leipzig, 1839), pp. 126–45, printing from Cologne, Erzbischöfliche Diözesan- und Dombibliothek, Codex 118.
F. Kunstmann, ed., Die Lateinischen Pönitentialbücher der Angelsachsen, mit geschichtlicher Einleitung, (Mainz, 1844), pp. 142–75, printing from Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm 3851 and Munich, Bayerische Staatsbibliothek, Clm 3853.
F.W.H. Wasserschleben, ed., Die Bussordnungen der abendländischen Kirche (Halle, 1851), pp. 248–83, reprinting Kunstmann's edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti.
H.J. Schmitz, ed., Die Bussbücher und das kanonische Bussverfahren, nach handschriftlichen Quellen dargestellt (Düsseldorf, 1898), pp. 679–701, reprinting Kunstmann's edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti.
Notes
Bibliography
Reinhold Haggenmüller, Die Überlieferung der Beda und Egbert zugeschriebenen Bussbücher, Europäische Hochschulschriften. Reihe III, Geschichte und ihre Hilfswissenschaften 461 (Frankfurt am Main, 1991).
Ludger Körntgen, Studien zu den Quellen der frühmittelalterlichen Bußbücher, Quellen Und Forschungen Zum Recht Im Mittelalter 7 (Sigmaringen, 1993).
External links
Wasserschleben's 1851 edition of the Paenitentiale Bedae (Google Books)
Stubbs's 1873 reprint of Wasserschleben's edition of the Paenitentiale Bedae (Google Books)
Schmitz's 1883 reprint of the final chapters of Wasserschleben's edition of the Paenitentiale Bedae (Google Books)
Martène–Durand's 1733 edition of the Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Schmitz's 1883 edition of the Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Schmitz's 1883 (incomplete) edition of the Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Schmitz's 1898 edition of the Sonderrezension der Vorstufe des Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Internet Archive)
Augustín's 1581 reprint of Heerwag's edition of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Rocchi's 1767 reprint of Augustín's reprint of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Spelman's 1639 reprint of Heerwag's edition of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Labbè–Cossart's 1671 reprint of Spelman's reprint of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Coleti's 1729 reprint of Labbè–Cossart's reprint of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Mansi's 1766 reprint of Labbè–Cossart's reprint of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Gallica)
Migne's 1850 reprint of Mansi's reprint of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Morin's 1651 edition of the Paenitentiale additivum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Wasserschleben's 1839 edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Kunstmann's 1844 edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Wasserschleben's 1851 reprint of Kunstmann's edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Google Books)
Schmitz's 1898 reprint of Kunstmann's edition of the Paenitentiale mixtum Pseudo-Bedae–Ecgberhti (Internet Archive)
Penitentials
8th-century Latin books
Works by Bede
Soeuy Visal (born 19 August 1995) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a defender for Preah Khan Reach Svay Rieng and the Cambodia national football team.
International career
International goals
Scores and results list Cambodia's goal tally first.
External links
References
1995 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Cambodian footballers
Cambodia international footballers
Preah Khan Reach Svay Rieng FC players
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Sportspeople from Phnom Penh
Southeast Asian Games competitors for Cambodia
The tawny-backed fantail (Rhipidura superflua), also known as the cinnamon-backed fantail, is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is endemic to Buru island in Indonesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. The species occupies an area of larger than 20,000 km2 and has a stable population of above 10,000, and thus is not considered as threatened.
References
tawny-backed fantail
Birds of Buru
tawny-backed fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Jean-Pierre Paquin (born August 23, 1948) is a Canadian importer and politician from Quebec. They served as a Member of Parliament, representing Saint-Jean in the National Assembly of Quebec as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party from 2003 to 2007.
Life and career
Paquin was born in Montreal, Quebec. They earned a business degree from Cégep de Saint-Hyacinthe in 1965. They founded Propriétaire des Importations J. P. P. in 1972.
Paquin later trained in professional marketing and management at Collège Jean-Guy Leboeuf of the Collège de l'immobilier du Québec in Verdun, Quebec in 1976. They served in several other leadership positions in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu: as a hospital trustee from 1999 to 2000, on the Chamber of Commerce from 2000 to 2003, and on the Board of Directors of the city's Canada Day celebration in 2001 and 2002.
As a candidate for Union Nationale, they were defeated in the 1976 Quebec general election. In the 2003 Quebec general election Paquin changed party affiliations to the Quebec Liberal Party and won the seat previously held since the 1994 Quebec general election by Roger Paquin (no relation) of Parti Québécois.
Paquin was defeated in the 2007 Quebec general election by Lucille Méthé, who won 42% of the vote. Paquin finished third with 25% of the vote.
References
External links
Jean-Pierre Paquin biography via National Assembly of Quebec
1948 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Montreal
Union Nationale (Quebec) politicians
Politicians from Montreal
Quebec Liberal Party MNAs
21st-century Canadian politicians
SS Brazil was a US turbo-electric ocean liner. They were completed in 1928 as Virginia, and refitted and renamed Brazil in 1938. From 1942 to 1946 they were the War Shipping Administration operated troopship Brazil. They were laid up in 1958 and scrapped in 1964.
Building
Virginia was the second of three sister ships built by the Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company of Newport News, Virginia for the American Line Steamship Corporation, which at the time was part of J. P. Morgan's International Mercantile Marine Co. They joined which was launched in 1927 in the fleet of American Lines' Panama Pacific Lines subsidiary. A third sister, Pennsylvania, was launched in 1929.
The ship's keel was laid 14 November 1927 as hull number 326 with launch 18 August 1928 and delivery to the owner on 28 November 1928. Virginia sailed under the line's senior captain, H. A. T. Candy, from New York on 8 December arriving in San Francisco on 24 December 1928.
Virginia was registered with U.S. Official Number 227983, signal MHBN, at , 12,167 net tons with a registry length of , beam and depth of with a crew of 380. Length overall was , molded depth and depth from keel to upper deck of with 32,830 tons displacement with 8,500 ton freight capacity. The 1938-39 U.S register under Brazil shows slight change in GRT with signal WSBW and the U.S. Maritime Commission as owner.
As built, Virginia had accommodation for 400 first or cabin class passengers and 400 tourist class passengers. Cabin classrooms were all outside with beds and additional persons could be accommodated in sofa berths and Pullman uppers. Many had en suite bathrooms and private sitting rooms. 52 of their first class cabins were suites for up to seven persons in two bedrooms with each having twin beds and settee and an additional settee in the living room. A private bath and verandah completed the suite. The tourist class accommodations were also all outside with hot and cold running water.
The ship was similar to the preceding California. Besides being slightly longer at vice length overall Virginia had a different boiler arrangement with eight Babcock & Wilcox inter-deck, superheater boilers vice the twelve boilers of California. The ship also had a closed ventilation system on the generator and propulsion system to prevent dust and oil build up on coils and parts.
Two General Electric steam turbo generators each having a rating of 6,600 kilowatts at 4,000 volts supplied two synchronous-induction type motors each directly connected to its shaft. One generator could operate both motors at reduced speed. The ship's propulsion was rated at 2,833 NHP.
Virginia was equipped with submarine signalling apparatus, wireless direction finding equipment and a Sperry gyrocompass.
With Panama Pacific Lines, Virginias two funnels would have been red with a blue top, with a white band dividing the blue from the red.
Virginia
Panama Pacific Line, part of the American Line Steamship Corp, operated Pennsylvania and their sisters between New York and San Francisco via the Panama Canal until 1938. California, Virginia and Pennsylvania were subsidised to carry mail on this route for the United States Postal Service.
In June 1937 the United States Congress withdrew all maritime mail subsidies, which by then included a total of $450,000 per year for Panama Pacific's three liners. At the beginning of March 1938 the Panama Canal tolls were revised, increasing Panama Pacific's costs by $37,000 per year. As a result of these cost increases and continuing labor difficulties Panama Pacific discontinued its New York – California service and took all three liners out of service.
Brazil
On 10 June 1938 the US Maritime Commission purchased Brazil and the two sister ships Uruguay and Argentina. The Commission had the ships extensively refurbished and each was fireproofed to comply with Federal safety regulations, which had been revised as a result of the fire in 1934 that destroyed the liner .
Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation's 56th St Shipyard in Brooklyn, New York undertook Virginias refit. They were given new watertight doors electrically controlled from their bridge and was equipped with a fathometer. Them well decks were closed in: the forward one to increase deck space and the after on to create a sheltered tourist class deck, a lido deck, a swimming pool and a first class veranda café. Them 52 staterooms were combined to provide half that number of larger cabins. This revised their passenger capacity to 470. Them air conditioning was extended to the tourist class dining saloon. A modern laundry was installed to give passengers a 12-hour service. Them crew accommodation was completely rearranged.
Virginia was equipped to carry of cargo, of which was refrigerated. They had been built with two funnels but during the refit this was reduced to one. The refit increased Virginias tonnage by about 2,000 tons.
On 6 September 1938 Emmet McCormack, co-founder of Moore-McCormack Lines, declared
The South American trade, in so far as the United States is concerned, has been touched only at its surface. With this ship [i.e. SS Virginia] and their two sister liners in service the United States will be making a new bid for its proper place in the South American field. They are larger than any other American ships now serving South America and will be able, in conjunction with our fleet of freight ships, to provide a speed that is now lacking.
On 3 October 1938 Virginia, now renamed Brazil, successfully made their sea trials. The next day Moore-McCormack contracted to operate California, Virginia, Pennsylvania and 10 cargo ships between the USA and South America as part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt's Good Neighbor policy. Moore-McCormack renamed the three passenger liners Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, and assigned them to the fleet of its American Republics Lines subsidiary.
With Moore-McCormack Lines Brazils funnel would have been buff with a black top. A broad green band divided the buff from the black. On each side of the funnel the green band bore a red capital M within a white disk.
Moore-McCormack put the three sisters into service between New York and Buenos Aires via the Caribbean, Brazil and Montevideo. Brazil started from New York on their first voyage on the route on 15 November 1938, returning on 31 December with 141 passengers. On 10 February 1939 the Maritime Commission's agreement with the line was for a bareboat charter of the ship. Passenger numbers improved and on 18 September 1939 Brazil docked in New York from South America with 358 passengers.
In April 1940 Brazil made a record run from Buenos Aires to New York in 14 days and 12 hours, achieving speeds of up to . On the trip they carried 273 passengers, of which 195 traveled first class.
On 13 September 1940 Brazil sailed from Buenos Aires to New York with exiled Lithuanian composer Vytautas Bacevicius, aged 35, on the passenger list.
On 28 September 1941 Brazil was leaving Buenos Aires when they accidentally struck a Spanish-owned freighter, the turbine steamship . No-one was injured and no damage was caused.
Wartime civilian voyage
On the morning of 6 December 1941 Brazil sailed from New York for South America carrying 316 passengers and a record amount of mail, between 8,000 and 9,000 sacks. The passengers included four Japanese diplomats, one of whom was accompanied by their wife. The next morning Japan attacked Pearl Harbor and on 8 December the USA declared war on Japan. As blackout precautions Brazils crew sealed and blacked out their portholes and painted their interior lights blue and purple. On 10 December Brazil arrived to make their scheduled call in Barbados, and British intelligence officers boarded them and removed the five Japanese.
From 17 to 25 December the crew camouflaged Brazil with grey paint. In Rio de Janeiro they painted out the Stars and Stripes painted on each side of their hull, and then near Montevideo they painted their funnel gray. Brazil reached Buenos Aires on 23 December and the crew finished painting their gray all over on Christmas Day.
Brazil then began a slow return voyage to the USA. They carried only 135 passengers, of whom 56 were Argentinian, Uruguayan and Brazilian aviation cadets on their way to be trained in the USA. This was Brazils last civilian voyage for six and a half years.
Troop ship
The War Shipping Administration, which took over all ocean shipping for the duration, entered into a General Agency Agreement (GAA) with Moore McCormick to operate the ship on 4 March 1942. Brazil was converted to carry 5,155 troops to operate as one of the large, fast vessels able to sail independently when required and became one of the most active troop ships of the war.
On 19 March 1942 they sailed from Charleston, South Carolina carrying 4,000 United States Army troops via the Cape of Good Hope to Karachi, British India, where they arrived on 12 May. On 16 November 1942 Brazil left Oran, French Algeria carrying 44 Kriegsmarine prisoners of war: four officers and 40 ratings from . Lockheed Hudson aircraft of No. 608 Squadron RAF had attacked and damaged the U-boat on 14 November and the crew had scuttled them close to shore near Ténès, about east of Oran. Brazil reached the USA on 30 November.
On 11 December Brazil and one of their sister ships, , sailed from New Jersey carrying elements of the 2nd Armored Division. On 24 December they reached Casablanca in French Morocco. Brazil made two further voyages to North Africa and was then transferred to the Pacific. There their service included calls at Hobart, Tasmania; Honolulu; Bora Bora; Sydney and Bombay, before returning to San Francisco in July 1943.
Brazil was then returned to transatlantic service, taking troops to the United Kingdom and France. In October 1944 she' arrived in Boston carrying US Army personnel and prisoners of war from Europe. On 22 October they sailed from Staten Island, New York carrying the 290th Infantry Regiment and the 258th Engineer Combat Battalion, reaching Swansea, Wales on 1 November. On 1 January 1945 Brazil sailed from New York as the flagship of the 57th Ship Convoy, reaching Le Havre on 15 January. On 16 June they departed Le Havre carrying the 97th Infantry Division across the Atlantic and up the Hudson River to Camp Shanks, New York, arriving on 24 June.
After a transatlantic voyage to Marseille in July 1945 Brazil was sent via the Panama Canal to Manila, and then made two transpacific voyages to bring troops home to the USA. After repairs in San Francisco the ship made a round trip to Manila in November–December 1945. In January 1946 the ship departed San Francisco for transit of the Atlantic and stops at Liverpool, LeHavre and Southampton destined for New York. From New York the ship made three more voyages to LeHavre by May 1946.
Early in 1946 Brazil returned to transatlantic service. In March they provided "dependent transport" taking war brides and their children from Europe to the USA. They still had their cramped and spartan troopship accommodation, but on 12 June the Maritime Commission issued invitations to bid to convert Brazil back into a civilian ocean liner. On 4 August they completed their last voyage before reconversion, arriving at North River with 531 passengers from Le Havre; Southampton, England and Cobh, Ireland.
Post-war
On 13 August 1946 Brazil entered the Atlantic Basin Iron Works of New York for conversion to civilian service at a quoted $3,944,000 and completion within 200 days. Redecoration was awarded to William F. Schorn of New York at a quote of $26,850.
Brazils fireproofing was completely revised. Fire screen bulkheads, with and fire doors controlled from their bridge, divided them into 12 fire zones. They were fitted with a fire sprinkler system, and their water intakes were fitted with filters that would allow them to draw water from the muddy bottoms of South American harbors.
Brazils accommodation was completely rebuilt with cabins for 359 first class and 160 cabin class passengers and designed by William F Schorn, who at the same time designed the new interior of their sister ship Uruguay.
Brazil successfully made their sea trials in May 1948. The Maritime Commission restored them to Moore-McCormack Lines on 7 May: the last of the three sisters to return to civilian service.
After their refit Brazils first class library was dedicated in memory of William Binder, Jr; a former Moore-McCormack employee who was killed in the attack on Pearl Harbor.
On 20 May Brazil sailed on their first civilian voyage since the war: a 12-day cruise to Bermuda and the Caribbean. On 4 June they left New York on the Buenos Aires run for the first time since 1941.
On 10 December 1954 Brazil left New York on a scheduled run to Buenos Aires. One day out of port they developed engine trouble and had to return for repairs. As a result, they completed their round trip a week late, reaching New York on 24 January. This was the first time in their career that Brazil had been delayed by a technical fault.
On 30 November 1957 the United States Federal Maritime Board approved Brazils withdrawal from service, to be replaced by a new and faster already under construction. The old Brazil and their sister ship Argentina were laid up as members of the James River Reserve Fleet at Fort Eustis, Virginia, where Uruguay had already been laid up since 1954.
The ship was offered for sale 3 January 1964 with award to First Steel and Ship Corporation on 28 January for $166,698.61 with withdrawal from the fleet 11 March 1964 for scrapping.
Notable passengers
Rear Admiral Robert C. Lee and their family holidayed aboard Brazil in 1938.
Hortense Odlum, President of Bonwit Teller, sailed on Brazil, arriving in New York on 18 September 1939.
On 14 May 1940 conductor Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra sailed aboard Brazil, reaching Rio de Janeiro on 12 June. During the voyage they performed a concert aboard that was broadcast live by radio.
American fighter ace and Medal of Honor recipient, Pappy Boyington, returning from Burma after serving in the AVG (Flying Tigers), sailed from Karachi to New York in July 1942.
Cartoonist Charles M. Schulz departed Boston aboard Brazil 5 February 1945.
The conductor Victor de Sabata arrived in New York aboard Brazil on 5 September 1949.
On 20 October 1949 Stanton Griffis, son of William Elliot Griffis, sailed on Brazil from New York to become US Ambassador to Argentina.
James Farley, President of the Coca-Cola Export Corporation and former United States Postmaster General, sailed in Brazil in April 1951.
João Fernandes Campos Café Filho, President of Brazil, visited the ship on 11 November 1954 and had lunch aboard.
Footnotes
References
Sources
1928 ships
Maritime incidents in September 1941
Ocean liners
Ships built in Newport News, Virginia
Troop ships of the War Shipping Administration
Turbo-electric steamships
Zaza Turmanidze (born 1 April 1965) is a Georgian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Georgia (country)
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Male sport wrestlers from Georgia (country)
United Nations Security Council resolution 1622, adopted unanimously on 13 September 2005, after reaffirming all resolutions on the situation between Eritrea and Ethiopia, particularly Resolution 1586 (2005), the Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) until 15 March 2006.
Eritrea branded the resolution as "toothless, meaningless and pathetic".
Resolution
Observations
The Security Council reaffirmed its support for the peace process between the two countries and of the role played by UNMEE in facilitating the implementation of the Algiers Agreement and decision by the Boundary Commission on the mutual border. It expressed concern at the lack of implementation on the demarcation of the border as ruled by the Ethiopia-Eritrea Boundary Commission, and stated that full peace in the region could not be achieved without this.
The resolution expressed concern at the high concentration of troops near to the Temporary Security Zone (TSZ), and noted recommendations by the Secretary-General Kofi Annan on ways to resolve the political stalemate between the two countries.
Acts
The resolution extended UNMEE's mandate until 15 March 2006, and approved a reconfiguration of the operation and an increase in the number of military observers by 10 personnel. Both parties were urged to fulfil their commitments under the Algiers Agreement and implement the decision of the Boundary Commission in order for it to fulfil its mandate. The parties were further called upon to co-operate with UNMEE and protect United Nations personnel, and refrain from increasing troops in areas adjacent to the TSZ and threatening the use of force. There was concern at the worsening humanitarian situation in both Ethiopia and Eritrea.
The Council reaffirmed the importance of dialogue between the two countries and the normalisation of their diplomatic relations. Meanwhile, Eritrea was called upon to re-open the Asmara to Barentu road to UNMEE traffic, and lift restrictions on the operations of humanitarian aid organisations.
Finally, the Secretary-General was asked to closely monitor the situation and review UNMEE's mandate in light of any progress in the peace process.
See also
Badme
Eritrean–Ethiopian War
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1601 to 1700 (2005–2006)
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
1622
2005 in Eritrea
2005 in Ethiopia
1622
1622
Eritrea–Ethiopia border
September 2005 events
Carl Ashby (1914 — 2004) was an American abstract expressionist artist who lived and worked in New York City.
Biography
Ashby was born in Hurley, New Mexico on March 2, 1914. They worked as an artist for the Civilian Conservation Corps before attending the University of Utah, where they graduated with a degree in Fine Arts in 1937.
They relocated to New York City shortly thereafter, and married artist Estelle Grey in 1938. Grey had moved to New York City as a young woman to pursue a career in fashion design and they attend the Traphagen School of Fashion. The couple met as students in the Art Student League of New York. Ashby earned a Master in Arts degree from New York University in 1959. During their career, Ashby studied with artists Hans Hofmann, George Grosz, and Morris Kantor.
They taught at the Parsons Division of the New School for 25 years, beginning in 1970.
Their works and papers are included in the permanent collections of the Smithsonian Archives of American Art, the Provincetown Art Association and Museum, Whitney Museum of American Art, and the Hood Museum at Dartmouth College.
References
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
1914 births
2004 deaths
Civilian Conservation Corps people
University of Utah alumni
New York University alumni
Parsons School of Design faculty
Art Students League of New York alumni
20th-century American male artists
Hallstadt (b Bamberg) station (), is a railway station in the town of Hallstadt, in Bavaria, Germany. It is located on the Bamberg–Hof line of Deutsche Bahn.
Services
, Regionalbahn (RB) trains provide hourly or better service to , , and . These are supplemented by longer-distance Regional-Express (RE) trains throughout the day.
References
External links
Railway stations in Bavaria
Buildings and structures in Bamberg (district)
Alazia () was a city of ancient Mysia near the River Odrysses, which flows out of Lake Dascylitis from the west through the plain of Mygdonia and empties into the Rhyndacus. Demetrius of Scepsis calls the town Alazonia (Ἀλαζονία) and places it along with Argyria on the right bank of the Aesepus River near Scepsis. The tribe associated with the town was called Alazones based on the writings of Hekataios, Menekrates, and Palaiphatos. This tribe, which was also mentioned by Homer in the Iliad, persisted after the city of Alazia was abandoned, living in villages along the Odrysses. Strabo further clarifies its location as at the foot of Mount Ida near the source of the Aesepus.
Its site is unlocated.
References
Populated places in ancient Troad
Former populated places in Turkey
Lost ancient cities and towns
Google PowerMeter was a software project of Google's philanthropic arm, Google.org, to help consumers track their home electricity usage. The development of the software was part of an effort by Google to invest in renewable energy, electricity grid upgrades, and other measures that would reduce greenhouse gas emissions. It was launched on October 5, 2009 and ended on September 16, 2011.
The software was designed to record the user's electricity usage in near real-time. According to the company, if half of America's homes' energy use was cut by ten percent, it would equal the average energy used by eight million cars.
It was hoped that this tool would raise the home-owner's awareness of how much energy they use and make users more energy efficient. PowerMeter was intended for use with smart meters able to track electricity usage in more detail than standard electric meters. According to Google, in 2009 there were approximately 40 million smart meters in use worldwide. By early 2009, approximately 7% of US homes had a smart meter installed.
Some other types of electricity meters and in-home energy use displays could also be used with PowerMeter.
Partnerships
In May 2009, Google announced that it had partners with smart meter maker Itron. In October 2009 Google PowerMeter announced their first "device partner", The Energy Detective (TED 5000), an energy monitor from Energy Inc then only available only in North America, and their first UK partnership which was with AlertMe. Also in 2009, Yello Strom customers in Germany were able to begin adding the PowerMeter widget to their iGoogle pages to track their energy usage.
In 2010 UK company Current Cost announced a collaboration with Google PowerMeter. San Diego Gas and Electric's Sempra Energy company announced plans to install 1.4 million smart meters in San Diego County and Southern Orange County by the end of 2011 and said that after they sent out 100,000 post cards to let consumers know they could use the Google PowerMeter service, about 6% had started to use it.
In June 2011 Google announced the service would cease.
See also
Google Energy
Cent-a-meter
Energy management software
Hohm
Kill A Watt
Nonintrusive load monitoring
References
External links
PowerMeter official site
PowerMeter
Electricity meters
The ofo is a staff carried by selected Igbo leaders — notably patrilineage priests, kings, onyishi, and some masqueraders — that signifies authority, the right to command, administrative powers, and/or the conferment of leadership and power bestowed by the gods..It is typically six to seven inches long and made of bronze, brass, or wood.
Vernantius Emeka Ndukaihe wrote in their book "Achievement as Value in the Igbo/African Identity: The Ethics”, in the section The ‘Ofo' as a sacred symbol of worship: "The most important '' is the lineage '', believed to have been acquired by the founder of the 'Umunna' (family lineage group), as the head. At the death of such a head, the next '' (first male child) inherits it. So it goes, handed from generation to generation. There is also the personal ''. A young man acquires their first '' when they are initiated into their first 'Ozo' (a sacred institution reserved for the honorable elders of the community) title. As one advances into the more senior '', one acquires the corresponding ''. Thus, to possess '' is a symbol of great social, religious and moral achievement. The individual '' of the '' titled man can only be inherited by their eldest son after burial rites have been completed. It is regarded a calamity when a dead father has no son to inherit theirs ''".
Ogu
The ofo is often accompanied by an ogu, a shorter stick tied with palm leaves to represent peace and innocence. The ogu serves as a symbol to indicate a desire for a peaceful resolution to a dispute. When the parties involved in a dispute fail to agree on a resolution, the ogu is put away and the ofo is displayed in its place, to indicate an escalation.
Nsukka culture
In Nsukka cultural settings, the is often referred to as the and is made using wood from the tree. It is used exclusively by the onyishi (village elder) as both a symbol of identity and a symbol of worship, since an often prays with the ofo/ohoo in hand.
Associated powers
The ofo grants the bearer the right to:
Offer sacrifices
Perform rituals
Make prayers
Swear oaths
Pronounce judgement
Deliberate policy within the family, clan or community, and
Invoke blessings or curses.
Because of its cultural significance to the Igbo people, the ofo may be handled only by those who are authorized (or otherwise entitled) to wield it. It is treated as an heirloom to be passed from generation to generation.
In the words of art historian Nancy Neaher Maas, the also serves as to symbolize the collective power of the gods and ancestors, as well as the truths given by Chineke (or God Almighty) to a person. The is believed to link its owner to their ancestors. Whatever one prays for, while holding the ofo and stamping it to the ground, is believed to be established.
Link to Chineke
The is believed to symbolize the link that exists between its owner's people and Chineke. It is a channel between the living, the dead, and those yet to be born. The therefore plays a role in prayer, ritual sacrifice, contact of spirit patrons, magic, naming ceremonies, determining schedules of events, affirming moral uprightness, sealing covenants, legitimizing states or offices, making decisions, settling disputes, taking oaths of administration, and promulgating and enforcing laws.
General Ofo
The General Ofo of Igboland is currently located in the palace of Gad in Agulueri, Anambra State.
Modern usage
The Ofo is still utilized, although the spread of Christianity and colonization has reduced its significance. Practitioners of Igbo traditional religion use the ofo and believe in its efficacy.
References
Igbo religion
Igbo monarchs
Nnewi
Anambra State
Slick Chick is a nickname that can refer to:
The Slick Chick, a "Merrie Melodies" cartoon animated short
Slick Chick (pinball), a 1963 pinball machine
RF-100A, a 1954 jet fighter aircraft
a Texas Holdem poker hand consisting of an ace and a queen
See also
Slick Chicks, an underwear company
The Alps Tour is a developmental professional golf tour for men which is sanctioned by the national golf associations of France, Italy, Austria, Switzerland and Morocco. Established in 2001, it is a third level tour, the highest level of men's golf in Europe being the European Tour, and the second level being the Challenge Tour. Other third level tours in Europe include the United Kingdom-based PGA EuroPro Tour, the Germany-based Pro Golf Tour, and the Nordic League in the Nordic countries. Beginning in July 2015, the four third-level tours will carry Official World Golf Ranking points.
Like the other third-tier European tours, the top ten players on the Order of Merit are exempt through the second stage of European Tour Qualifying School, and the top five win playing privileges on the Challenge Tour.
Alumni who have gone on to win on the European Tour include Marco Crespi, Guido Migliozzi, Chris Paisley, Julien Quesne, and Matt Wallace.
Order of Merit winners
Notes
References
External links
Professional golf tours
Golf in France
Golf in Italy
Golf in Austria
Golf in Switzerland
Golf in Morocco
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1549.
Events
June 9 – The Booke of the Common Prayer is introduced in churches in England as required by the Act of Uniformity of January 15. It results in a Prayer Book Rebellion breaking out in the West Country.
Sir Donald Monro, Dean of the Isles, produces the original manuscript of the Description of the Western Isles of Scotland (not published until 1582).
unknown date – The content of the Guildhall Library in the City of London is acquired by Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset, Lord Protector of England, for their personal use.
New books
Prose
Joachim du Bellay – La Deffense et illustration de la langue françoyse
Joannes Bunderius – Compendium concertationis hujus saeculi sapientium et theologorum
Robert Wedderburn (probable) – The Complaynt of Scotland
Drama
Johannes Aal – Johannes der Täufer (John the Baptist)
Lodovico Dolce
Fabritia
Giocasta (translation and adaptation of Euripides' The Phoenician Women)
Poetry
See 1549 in poetry
Births
March 11 – Hendrik Laurenszoon Spiegel, Dutch philosopher and grammarian (died 1612)
December 24 – Kaspar Ulenberg, theologian and Bible translator (died 1617)
unknown dates
Pietro Alagona, Italian theologian (died 1624)
Nikola Vitov Gučetić, Croatian statesman, philosopher and science writer (died 1610)
Antonio de Herrera y Tordesillas, Spanish historian (died 1626)
Thomas Stephens, Jesuit writer and linguist (died 1619)
Deaths
January 23 – Johannes Honter, Romanian humanist theologian (born 1498)
January 28 – Elia Levita, Hebrew grammarian, scholar and poet (born 1469)
March 25 – Veit Dietrich, German theologian (born 1506)
April – Andrew Boorde, traveller, physician and writer (born 1490)
August – Jacob Ziegler, humanist and theologian (born c.1470)
November 25 – Jean de Gagny, French theologian
December 21 – Marguerite de Navarre, French princess, poet, playwright and short story writer (born 1492)
unknown date – Daniel Bomberg, Flemish printer (born c.1483)
probable – Leonard Cox, humanist scholar and rhetorician (born c. 1495)
References
1549 books
Years of the 16th century in literature
Triplicate is a studio album by British jazz bassist Dave Holland released on the ECM label in 1988. It features Holland in a trio with alto saxophonist Steve Coleman and drummer Jack DeJohnette.
Background
It was the first album to be released by Dave Holland following the dissolving of their first working quintet that had featured Steve Coleman, Robin Eubanks, Kenny Wheeler and Marvin "Smitty" Smith. Coleman was the sole member to be remained for this session while the drum chair was filled by Jack DeJohnette, who had worked extensively with Holland in the bands of Miles Davis, Chick Corea and Gateway.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars, calling it a "well-rounded date".
Tyran Grillo of ECM Reviews wrote "Triplicate is a fantastic (surprise, surprise) trio album that joins bassist Dave Holland with altoist Steve Coleman and rhythmatist Jack DeJohnette... Triplicate is not an in-your-face album but one wrought with careful language. It avoids the danger of expletives in search of a clean melodic line. One imagines that if this album were alive, the audience would be whooping and clapping all the same, but in the studio a certain cleanliness of sound wins over. This has its pros and cons, depending on your preferences, but either way we can step outside of this record knowing we've just experienced something joyous."
Track listing
All tunes written by Dave Holland, except as noted.
"Games" (Steve Coleman) - 5:04
"Quiet Fire" - 5:47
"Take The Coltrane" (Duke Ellington) - 6:24
"Rivers Run" - 9:14
"Four Winds" - 4:18
"Triple Dance" - 8:05
"Blue" (Jack DeJohnette) - 6:06
"African Lullaby" (Traditional, arr. Dave Holland) - 3:08
"Segment" (Charlie Parker) - 6:34
Recorded at the Power Station, New York in March 1988
Notes
The tune “Four Winds” was originally recorded by Holland on their 1972 debut album on the ECM record label.
The tune “Rivers Run” is dedicated to composer and multi-instrumentalist Sam Rivers.
“Rivers Run” was re-recorded by Holland on their 2008 sextet album, Pass It On.
Personnel
Steve Coleman – alto saxophone
Dave Holland – double bass
Jack DeJohnette – drums
References
External links
Dave Holland albums
1988 albums
ECM Records albums
Chattenden is a village within the civil parish of Hoo, which is within the unitary authority of Medway, Kent, England. It was, until 1998, part of Kent and is still ceremonially associated via the Lieutenancies Act. The A228 goes through the village.
Origins
Chattenden means 'Forest Settlement' from the elements ceto and ham dun. It is recorded in 1100 as Chetindunam, and Chatindone in 1281.
Geography and ecology
Turning left on the A228 on the brow of Four Elms Hill, leads onto Kitchener Road, that eventually leads itself to Chattenden Woods and Lodge Hill, designated as an SSSI, due to the diversity of insects, birds, plants and trees found there. To the south of Chattenden is Towerhill Wood, also known as Coxham Wood, with has Public Footpaths that lead into Lower Upnor, where the Arethusa Venture Centre and the Medway Yacht Club (MYC) are located. Along the A228, (which becomes the Ratcliffe Highway in Chattenden), was once a pub known as 'The Old George'.
Military history
In 1875, the War Office built five magazines on a hillside at Chattenden. This facility expanded and a nearby site at Lodge Hill was established in 1899. These sites, which became known as Chattenden and Lodge Hill Military Camps, were put up for sale in 2016.
See also
Chattenden and Upnor Railway
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Hoo St Werburgh Parish Council
Places in Medway
IBM 2245 Kanji Printer () was the line printer of the IBM Kanji System, announced in 1971, that allowed printing of Japanese text on IBM System/360 and System/370 mainframe computers. Later, it would also support printing of Korean and Traditional Chinese text.
Functions
At the Osaka Expo 1970, a prototype of the IBM Kanji System was exhibited . Although the computers in Japan, up to that time, used only the alphanumeric characters like in other countries, this prototype allowed processing of more than ten thousand Kanji and other characters that are used in the Japanese language.
In 1971, IBM officially announced the IBM Kanji System that consisted of the following:
IBM 5924 Kanji keypunch
IBM 2245 Kanji Printer
IBM System/360-System/370 OS/VS & DOS/VSE programming support
The IBM 5924 Kanji Keypunch was an IBM 029 Keypunch (Model T00 with Katakana feature), attached with a specially designed 12-shift Kanji input keyboard. It allowed punching out IBM cards for more than ten thousand kinds of Japanese characters, using two columns (two punch positions) for each Japanese character, to be fed in the regular IBM card reader for being stored in the computer in two bytes for each Japanese character. This new technical approach gave the so-called Double-Byte Character Set languages of Japanese, Korean and Chinese languages the ability to be processed by the computer.
The IBM 2245 Kanji Printer was a line printer on the system side that connected to System/360 or System/370 via the multiplexer channel, block multiplexer channel or selector channel. The printer basically used the dot matrix impact printing mechanism, already employed in the IBM 2560 Multi-Function Card Machine that attached to IBM System/360 Model 20 and later to IBM System/3. Each Japanese double-byte character was printed on continuous paper with 18x22 dots for horizontal writing or with 18x18 for vertical writing. The paper feed mechanism was not a conventional paper tape, but new program control from the computer system was developed.
Development, manufacturing and marketing
The IBM 2245 was developed at IBM Endicott with participation of two or three engineers from IBM Fujisawa, and manufactured in Endicott. It was marketed as a standard product, whereas the IBM 5924 Kanji punch, developed and manufactured in Fujisawa was a special RPQ product. This printer would later support Korean and Traditional Chinese languages, with the effort of IBM Korea's and IBM Taiwan's laboratories, in coordination from IBM Fujisawa.
Application
Although the IBM 2245 Kanji Print could be used in a wide range of applications, it was mainly used to print the names and addresses in corporate correspondence, because the printing span (horizontal width) was relatively narrow. Until that time, the English alphabet and half-width Katakana had been used for computer processing of corporate correspondence, which was quite awkward.
Critique
The information of which wire dot to be hit at which point was prepared on the computer side and transmitted to the printer, which made other jobs in the multitasking OS/360-370 to slow down extensively.
Successor printer
The IBM 3800 Model 2 laser printing subsystem, developed by IBM Rochester, in the second batch announcement of IBM Kanji System in 1979, was the successor machine. Later, it would support not only Korean and Traditional Chinese, but also Simplified Chinese that is used in mainland China.
See also
IBM Kanji System
IBM 5924 Kanji keypunch
Double-Byte Character Set
References
External links
＜新製品・新技術紹介＞IBM漢字情報処理システム（情報管理 VOLI4 No.7）の「5. IBM 2245漢字印刷装置の特徴」 (Introducing New Product & Technology: IBM Kanji Information Processing System: 5. Functions of IBM 2245 Kanji Printer, in Joho Kanri (Information Management) Vol. 14 No. 7, in Japanese)
IBM mainframe peripherals
IBM printers
Line printers
First-team squad
Left club during season
Results
Serie A
Notes
Note 1: Matches scheduled for 3/4 February 2007 were postponed due to the death of a police agent at the Catania vs Palermo match. NB: following the death of a police agent on Feb 2, all matches in stadiums not meeting the security standards will be played behind closed doors; the only Serie A stadiums currently fulfilling all standards are those in Rome, Genoa, Siena, Cagliari, Turin (Olimpico) and Palermo.
League table
Coppa Italia
Parma won 3-2 on aggregate.
Parma lost 4–3 on aggregate.
UEFA Cup
First round
Group stage
Knockout stage
Parma lost 2-0 on aggregate.
Squad statistics
Top scorers
Notes
Sources
RSSSF - Italy 2006/07
Parma Calcio 1913 seasons
Parma
This is a list of SCSI message codes.
A SCSI message code is a computer term which defines how SCSI devices send interface management information. The message code comprises one or more bytes.
List of message formats
The first byte of the message determines the format:
List of message codes
List of extended message codes
References
SCSI-2 Spec - Logical Characteristics
SCSI
SCSI message codes
Lord Giveth, Lord Taketh Away is a collaborative EP by American rapper Freddie Gibbs and producer Statik Selektah. It was released on June 24, 2011, by Showoff Records and CTE World.
Background
Freddie Gibbs recorded the mixtape in 24 hours with DJ Statik Selektah in a studio in Brooklyn, New York.
Critical reception
In a review for Pitchfork, critic reviewer Tom Breihan wrote: "Lord Giveth remains a solid showcase for one of our most solid rappers." At HipHopDX, Luke Gibson explained: "Lord Giveth, Lord Taketh Away'' is an inspired project from two of Hip Hop's most heralded. For Gibbs it builds upon the foundation that their mixtape grind has created."
Track listing
All tracks are produced by Statik Selektah
References
External links
2011 EPs
Freddie Gibbs albums
Statik Selektah albums
Albums produced by Statik Selektah
Herd & McKenzie, later Buckie Shipyard Ltd, were shipbuilders and repairers in Buckie, Moray, Scotland.
History
James Herd & Thomas McKenzie started building boats at the Crooked Hythe in Findochty in 1903. Between 1905 and 1915 they built 32 steam drifters. In 1918, the firm moved from Findochty to a new yard in Buckie, at the eastern end of Cluny Harbour.
Buckie Shipyard were latterly part of the Lithgow Group.
It was announced on 23 August 2013 that the Buckie Shipbuilders had gone into administration with 68 of the 74 staff being made redundant immediately.
Services
Buckie Shipyard built, converted, refitted and repaired ferries, tugs, workboats, yachts, pilot boats, MOD vessels, small cruise vessels, diving vessels, lifeboats, fishing boats and fish farm cages. They slipped vessels up to 850 tonnes in displacement and 70 metres in length. A new 1,600 sq. metres refit facility opened in 2003, including a state-of-the-art temperature and humidity controlled paint spray booth, capable of taking vessels up to 21m in length, 6m in beam and up to 50 tonnes. A 50-ton hydraulic slipway hoist transported vessels directly from the inner basin at Buckie Harbour into the refit hall.
The Royal National Lifeboat Institution had been a major client for over 60 years, with all classes of RNLI lifeboat undergoing refit.
In its last few years the yard delivered two aluminium windfarm service catamarans, Penmon Point and Lynas Point to Turbine Transfers, for work in Belgium and similar vessels followed.
Ships built
Footnotes
References
Economy of Moray
Defunct shipbuilding companies of Scotland
Buckie
Hortence Vanessa Mballa Atangana (born 5 January 1992 in Bikok) is a Cameroonian judoka. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's -78kg.
In 2019, they won the silver medal in the women's +78 kg event at the 2019 African Games held in Rabat, Morocco.
In 2021, they competed in the women's +78 kg event at the 2021 World Judo Championships held in Budapest, Hungary.
At the 2020 Summer Olympics, they competed in the women's +78kg event.
References
External links
Olympic judoka of Cameroon
1992 births
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Cameroonian female judoka
African Games bronze medalists for Cameroon
African Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
African Games silver medalists for Cameroon
Judoka at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Cameroon
Commonwealth Games medallists in judo
Judoka at the 2020 Summer Olympics
János Tóth (born 15 April 1978) is a Hungarian racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1978 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Hungarian male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Hungary
Place of birth missing (living people)
Wook Talk (), also known as Because I Want to Talk, is a South Korean talk show hosted by Lee Dong-wook alongside comedian Jang Do-yeon and announcer . It aired on Wednesdays at 22:00 (KST) time slot on SBS TV from December 4, 2019 to February 26, 2020. It was later replaced by K-Trot in Town on March 4, 2020.
Cast
Lee Dong-wook as host
Jang Do-yeon as MC
as talk analyst
Production
Background
On November 2, 2019, Lee Dong-wook announced at the end of their fanmeeting that they would be hosting their own talk show. The following day, their agency King Kong by Starship officially confirmed the news. The decision was made after their hosting skills were recognized in Strong Heart (2012–2013) and to celebrate their 20th anniversary since debut.
Live music
The show is not aired live but is instead filmed in front of a live audience. The live soundtrack for the show is provided by the band .
Shortened title
Following recurring remarks by netizens on the show's title being too long (), SBS launched a poll on its website on December 18, 2019 with six different options for a shortened version of the title. The poll ran for 10 days, until December 28, and netizens could vote once a day. "Wook Talk" won with 87% of the votes.
Episodes
Ratings
In the table below, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
References
External links
2019 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
South Korean television talk shows
Korean-language television shows
Iwate can refer to:
Iwate Prefecture, a prefecture of Japan.
Iwate, Iwate, a town in Iwate Prefecture, Japan.
Japanese cruiser Iwate, an armored cruiser of the Imperial Japanese Navy from 1900 to the end of World War II.
Erigeron oreganus is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, called the gorge fleabane. It has been found only in the Columbia River Gorge along the border between the US states of Washington and Oregon.
Erigeron oreganus is a perennial herb up to 15 centimeters (6 inches) tall, with a large taproot. The plant generally produces 1-4 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 60 white or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows in moist, shaded cliffs and ledges.
References
External links
Paul Slichter. Fleabanes of the Columbia River Gorge, Columbia Gorge Daisy, Gorge Daisy, Gorge Fleabane, Oregon Fleabane Erigeron oreganus photos
Oregon Flora Image Project, Erigeron oreganus A. Gray, gorge fleabane - native
Flora of the Northwestern United States
oreganus
Plants described in 1883
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Mohammed Khaled Hossain () also known as Sajal Khaled was a Bangladeshi mountaineer and film director. They were the 5th Bangladeshi to reach the summit of Mount Everest. They reached the summit around 10:00am and 11:00am BST on May 21, 2013, and hoisted the flag of Bangladesh on the apex of the world. Descending from Mount Everest they died. The accident might have occurred a few hours after they had reached the peak.
Education
Hossain studied at Adamjee Cantonment Public School & College. They passed their SSC in 1993 and HSC in 1995. They completed their bachelor's in Computer Science from the Bangalore University, India and Masters in Media Technology and Engineering from the University of Applied Science, Cologne, Germany. They also had a Diploma in Graphics, Animation and Web Engineering.
Family
Hossain is the youngest among the six children of their parents. Their father is Abdul Aziz Shakider, a retired deputy director of Bangladesh Bank, and mother is Sufia Begum. They married Tahmina Khan Shaily, Entrepreneur. Their only son is Susmit Hossain.
Success on Mount Everest
Hossain got to the peak between 10:00am and 11:00am on the day. The accident might have occurred a few hours after they had reached the summit.
Other expeditions
Mount Frey (Sikkim, India), 2006
Makalu, 2009
Himalaya Bangladesh-Nepal Friendship Peak, 2010
Sindhu Chuli Mount (Nepal), 2011
Work
Hossain was the director of the movie "Kajoler Dinratri". For making this movie they got the national grant in 2012 and it was released in 2013. Beside this full-length film, they had also made several documentary films. Among them Ekattorer Shobdoshena, Bangladesh, The Land of Smiles, and A Climatic report from Bangladesh are the most notable ones.
See also
List of Mount Everest records
References
External links
1979 births
2013 deaths
Bangladeshi summiters of Mount Everest
Bangladeshi mountain climbers
Mountaineering deaths on Mount Everest
Bangladeshi film directors
Viktor Mitic is a Serbian-born Canadian painter and sculptor living in Toronto, Ontario.  They are best known for incorporating firearms in their art, a skill they acquired during national service in their native Yugoslavia. Because art and violence coexist in an inexplicable way, Mitic says their art highlights the absurdity and senselessness of gun violence, but at the same time they transform these acts into art. One of their most notable works, the Blasted Beaverbrook, was commissioned for exhibition in 2009 by New Brunswick's provincial gallery, the Beaverbrook Art Gallery.
Mitic incorporates guns into their art with the intention of provoking conversation about the gun violence that permeates our culture: "I don't think guns should exist...[they're] made to kill and to destroy." But now, rather than guns eradicating, Mitic repurposes them to create art. And although Mitic does not consider themselves an anti-gun activist, they let the viewers figure out what to do about guns.
Some of Mitic's more controversial works includes famous celebrities whose lives were cut short due to gun violence. These include Mahatma Gandhi and John F. Kennedy. The artist has also rendered portraits of Jesus Christ, Marilyn Monroe, John Wayne and Chairman Mao, all of which are riddled with bullet holes. Mitic's portrait of John Lennon, in fact, was created using the same model of gun Lennon was killed with.
Mitic's "gun-art" has generated both interest and outrage amongst audiences and galleries.
Early life and education
Mitic was born and grew up in former Yugoslavia before moving to Canada. They graduated with a BFA from the University of Toronto, Canada, and got their Fine Arts Diploma from Sheridan College in Oakville, Ontario, Canada.
Career
In 1995 Mitic completed a portrait of Hon. Jean Chrétien. The two met later that year at a formal unveiling of the portrait at the prime minister's office in Ottawa. The presentation was supported by Hon. Jean Augustine, an MP from Etobicoke-Lakeshore.
Mitic's 2008 piece Hole Jesus, a portrait of Jesus created by firing 22-calibre bullets at a canvas, was displayed at Toronto's Trias Gallery and attracted media coverage. Mitic told the Biggs Museum of American Art that they were inspired to create the work after an art dealer told them their work ought to be more "penetrating". Screw Harper, a portrait made of screws of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, was featured at an exhibition titled "Art or Deconstruction" at Pages Bookstore in Toronto. Mitic's first show in Japan, at the Muramatsu Gallery in Tokyo, was supported by the Canadian and Serbian Embassies. Mitic also exhibited alongside their son, Ansel Yamamoto Mitic, in a show titled Duet at Toronto's IndexG gallery.
Also in 2008, Mitic displayed another piece at the Muramatsu Gallery titled Galaxy. Galaxy was created using an accidentally-discovered technique they refer to as acid rain painting. The piece was sold at a charity auction in Toronto to a private collector and is also featured on the front cover of Rain Dance, a book of reproductions which covers Mitic's series of rain-inspired paintings. When asked in an interview about their "acid-rain" pieces, Mitic describes them as environment-influenced, non-representational, two-dimensional paintings on canvas. They say they enjoy rebuilding structures that have been erased by nature.
In 2009 Viktor Mitic partnered with the Odon Wagner Gallery & Contemporary. The Wagner Gallery had exhibited their famed "Blasted Guernica" at the international exhibition Art Toronto (formerly the TIAF) the previous October.Viktor Mitic's first solo show at Odon Wagner Contemporary opened to the public on December 11, 2009. The exhibition titled "DEALERS: 36 portraits of Toronto's Art Dealers" launched in conjunction with a book of the same title at Odon Wagner Contemporary. This series intended to reverse the relationship between dealer and artist: rather than the dealer promoting the artist, now the artist was promoting the dealer.
In 2010 Mitic exhibited their controversial bullet hole paintings at a show titled "Art or War", at Moos Gallery in Toronto. That same year, a book and DVD under the same title was published in Toronto, which included some of Mitic's art. Also that year, they were globally featured in various television programs and newspapers.
In 2013 a large sculpture of Mitic's was installed in Washington, D.C. This piece, titled Incident, was featured on the front page of a major Canadian newspaper and by various Canadian and US television, paper and online news media.
In 2014 a documentary titled Gun Porn by Brahm Rosensweig, which described the unusual process of creating Mitic's "unique and violent work of art", was featured at the Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival.
In 2015 Mitic exhibited a collection of 58 pieces acquired by Artisan Works in Rochester, New York. They also appeared in an MTV comedy show shortly after. The show was featured in various publications, both in the US and Canada. Another piece released in 2015—titled Spectral Confederation—"advocates change and serves as a commentary to the underlining issues around gun control, homophobia, racism and the many historical prejudices that plague society today," said publicist Andrew Anderson.
In 2016 Remington Contemporary Art Gallery showcased “Blasted Guernica”, a shot-up version of Picasso's Guernica, in their permanent art collection in Markham, Ontario.
In 2017 a large-scale aluminum and steel sculpture titled "Hypervelocity Asteroid" (22'×3'×10', painted aluminum and steel 2016) was acquired by Elizabeth Collection in Rochester, New York.
Mitic's portrait of a young music star was exhibited in September 2017 and was stolen two weeks later from the Campbell House Museum in Toronto. The painting titled “Green, Shot up Portrait of Justin Bieber“ (2011, 30"×40", bullet holes, acrylic on canvas) was gone for two weeks before police retrieved it and arrested the thief.
Filmography
"Art or War", by Laurie Kwasnik, 12 minutes, 2010.
"Rain Dance", by Brahm Rosensweig, 14 min. 2011, Fourfront Editions.
"Gun Porn", by Brahm Rosensweig, 11 min, Hot Docs, Hulu 2014
"POINT BLANK: ART OR WAR", by Nora Stankovic, 6 min, Cannes 2016
Publications
"Dealers", 2009, by Viktor Mitic (introduction by Gary Michael Dault) Tightrope Books
"Art or War", 2010, Bullet hole paintings by Viktor Mitic (introduction by Jim Nason), Tightrope Books
"Rain Dance", 2011, Fourfront Editions
Notable works
Screw Harper, 2008, Bravo TV. Private collection
Hole Jesus, 2008, Published by Tightrope Books, Art or War, 2010. Private Collection
Blasted Beaverbrook, 2009, Published by Tightrope Books, Art or War, 2010. Permanent Collection / Beaverbrook Art Gallery in New Brunswick.
"Incident" 2013, Toronto, Washington DC. Permanent Collection/ Artisan Works, Rochester, NY.
Black and white together, forever. Deluca gallery, Toronto 2014. Private Collection
References
External links
Viktor Mitic bullet art website
Moos Gallery
Canadian sculptors
Canadian male sculptors
Canadian painters
Artists from Toronto
Serbian emigrants to Canada
Canadian people of Serbian descent
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
1949 Meistaradeildin was the seventh season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. The league was in a league format, having six teams; every team played against each other once. TB Tvøroyri won its second championship in the season.
Overview
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables by webalice.it
Faroese champions by RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
A timeline of notable events relating to the BBC News Channel and its original name BBC News 24.
1990s
1991
17 January–2 March – Radio 4 News FM, the first rolling BBC radio news service produced by the BBC, is on air during the first Gulf War. It broadcasts on BBC Radio 4's FM frequencies with the regular scheduled service continuing on long wave.
1992
No events.
1993
Following the success of Radio 4 News FM and of a similar service on Long Wave during the 1992 UK general election, the BBC considers launching a rolling news service on Radio 4's long wave frequency. The plan is widely opposed by listeners and the proposals are dropped.
1994
28 March – BBC Radio 5 Live launches as the BBC's first full time rolling news service.
1995
16 January – BBC World launches, becoming the BBC's first television rolling news service, although it is an international service and is not available to viewers in the UK.
1996
No events.
1997
9 November – BBC News 24 launches at 5:30pm. The full channel is only available on cable although all viewers are able to sample the channel overnight as BBC News 24 is simulcast during the downtime hours of BBC One.
1998
Spring – BBC News 24 begins simulcasting overnight news bulletins from BBC World.
1 October – Sky Digital launches and BBC News 24 is carried as part of the new service. This is the first time that satellite viewers are able to see a full-time feed of the BBC's rolling news service.
15 November – The public launch of digital terrestrial TV in the UK takes place and BBC News 24 launches on the new service.
1999
25 October – Relaunch of BBC News 24 with a new set design, known as 'Red and Cream'.
2000s
2000
April – Click launches as a weekly weekend programme covering the latest developments in the world of technology and the internet.
29 September – The final edition of Breakfast 24 is broadcast ahead of a decision to end separate breakfast programmes for BBC One and News 24.
2 October – The first edition of BBC Breakfast is broadcast, the new morning show on BBC One and News 24 from 6:00am–9:30am. (9:00am on BBC News 24).
2001
11 September – The 9/11 attacks occur in the United States and are broadcast live on television. BBC1 abandons regular programming and switches to BBC News 24. This is the first time that BBC One switches to News 24 for coverage of a breaking news story during daytime hours.
2002
No events.
2003
20 March – As the 2003 invasion of Iraq begins BBC News 24 is carried on both BBC One and BBC Two to keep viewers up to date with the latest developments.
8 December – BBC News 24 is relaunched with a new set and titles, as well as a new Breaking News sting.
2004
1 October – Right-of-reply programme Newswatch launches in response to the Hutton Inquiry, as part of an initiative to make BBC News more accountable.
2005
No events.
2006
30 January – The BBC News at Ten begins being simulcast on News 24.
3 April – The BBC News at Five is broadcast for the first time.
10 April – The BBC News at One (with British Sign Language in-vision signing) and BBC News at Six begins being seen on BBC News apart from during breaking news coverage.
2007
22 January – BBC News 24 is relaunched with new titles and new astons.
May – BBC News 24 starts being simulcast on the BBC News website.
2008
21 April – BBC News undergoes a uniform rebrand which costs £550,000. BBC News 24 is renamed BBC News while BBC World is renamed as BBC World News.
2009
No events.
2010s
2010
No events.
2011
No events.
2012
25 October – Following the completion of digital switchover in the UK, the BBC News Channel is available to all UK households for the first time, almost fifteen years after the channel first launched.
2013
18 March – The channel's idents are updated on the same day that BBC News relocates to the refurbished Broadcasting House.
March – The business updates are axed as part of the BBC's Delivering Quality First plan.
November – The axed business news updates are restored following complaints over their removal.
10 December – BBC News launches a high definition version of the channel.
2014
14 February – The first edition of The Travel Show is broadcast.
2015
7 April – BBC News launches a new two-hour weekday current affairs programme called The Victoria Derbyshire Show. The programme is broadcast on both BBC Two and the BBC News Channel;
1 June – BBC ‘World News programmes Outside Source and Business Live make their debut on the BBC News Channel. They appear as a result of cutbacks which also sees the overnight simulcast of BBC World News beginning an hour earlier at midnight.
6 June – World News Today is included in the weekend schedule of the BBC News Channel for the first time, airing at 9:00.
2016
February – The BBC News Channel briefly begins showing Newsnight, delayed by 45 minutes from the live BBC Two broadcast.
21 March – The two-hour slot between 11am and 1pm on weekdays is relaunched as BBC Newsroom Live.
2017
January – 100 Days, later rebranded to Beyond 100 Days, launches. Its main focus is on American news and politics and is co-presented from London and Washington.
2 October – The first edition of Afternoon Live is broadcast.
2018
No events.
2019
19 February – Virgin Media removes the standard definition versions of the non-flagship BBC television channels, including BBC News.
15 July – A new set of graphics and fonts are launched. They use the BBC Reith typeface which uses larger text, designed to make it easier for Smartphone and Tablet users to read.
2020s
2020
17 March – The final edition of The Victoria Derbyshire Show is broadcast in order to focus on coverage of the COVID-19 pandemic. The programme had been due to come off air later in 2020 due to funding cuts.
The COVID-19 pandemic results in an increase of simulcasts between BBC News and BBC World News with simulcasting now running through the morning (10am to 1pm) and the evening (7pm to 10pm). UK-only rolling news coverage is restricted to the afternoons. Individually-titled programmes are also suspended in favour of the generic BBC News term.
August – The additional simulcasts with BBC World News are made permanent. Consequently, the two channels now simulcast between 10am and 12pm each day, as well as from 7pm to 6am on weekdays, with opt-outs for BBC News at Ten and for half an hour at 8:30pm and between 9pm to 6am, apart from the evening BBC One bulletin, during the weekend.
2021
9 April – At just after midday, Buckingham Palace announces the death of Prince Philip and BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Parliament and BBC World News switch over to BBC News to announce the death. The message was likely received during the top-of-the hour headlines, as the wide-shot in the opening featured multiple journalists running across the room.
2022
10 January – A new 60-minute discussion-based programme Context is launched. It broadcasts from Mondays to Thursdays on BBC News and BBC World News and features two guests discussing the day's news.
14 July – The BBC sets out plans for a new global news channel titled BBC News. It will replace its two existing news services for the UK and overseas. It is scheduled to launch in April 2023.
See also
Timeline of BBC Television News
References
Television in the United Kingdom by year
BBC television timelines
United Kingdom news broadcasting timelines
The Republic of the Congo, competing as Congo, first participated at the Olympic Games in 1964, and has sent athletes to compete in most Summer Olympic Games since then. Congo missed the 1968 Games and boycotted the 1976 Games along with most other African nations. Congo has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
As of 2016, a total of 74 athletes (45 men and 29 women) have represented Congo at the Olympics. The youngest participant was Alphonse Yanghat, who ran in the 100 m sprint in 1972 at 15 years, 120 days, while the oldest was Gilles Coudray (36 years, 263 days) who competed in the 50 metres freestyle swimming event at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics. No athlete from Congo has ever won an Olympic medal, however Franck Elemba finished fourth in the men's shot put at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee for the Congo was created in 1964 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee that same year.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for the Congo at the Olympics
List of participating nations at the Summer Olympic Games
External links
Olympics
TSFC may refer to:
Team Socceroo F.C.
Team Solent F.C.
Thrust specific fuel consumption
Tourette Syndrome Foundation of Canada
Brian Joseph Regan () (born June 2, 1958) is an American stand-up comedian who uses observational, sarcastic, and self-deprecating humor.  They are known for incorporating body language and facial expressions into their act. Their performances are often described as clean as they refrain from profanity as well as taboo subject matter. Regan's material typically covers everyday events, such as shipping a package with UPS, mortgages, and visits to the optometrist. While they do not define themselves as youth-oriented, Regan makes frequent references to childhood, including little league baseball, grade school spelling bees, and science projects.
Regan started out doing standup comedy in the 1980s and made their television debut on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson in 1991. Regan subsequently released their first standup album, Brian Regan: Live in 1997 and has performed on various talk shows including The Dennis Miller Show, Late Show with David Letterman, Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. They have since gained acclaim among fans and comedians, selling out nationwide tours and continuing to release comedy albums. In 2014 they made their film debut making an appearance in Chris Rock's comedy Top Five (2014). Since 2017, they have starred in Peter Farrelly's dark comedy series Loudermilk (2017-2020) on Amazon Prime. They have appeared twice on Jerry Seinfeld's show Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee and has released three Netflix comedy specials. In 2018, Regan's sketch comedy series Standup and Away! with Brian Regan which was produced by Seinfeld, was released on Netflix.
Early life and education
Born in Miami, Florida to a Catholic Irish-American family, Brian Regan was raised in Westchester, Florida. They have seven siblings, including brother Dennis Regan, who is also a stand-up comedian. They attended Christopher Columbus High School. Regan was always a fan of Steve Martin, The Smothers Brothers and Johnny Carson.
They attended Heidelberg College in Ohio, where they played wide receiver on the football team. Originally they had plans of being an accountant, but one of their football coaches saw their comic routines and encouraged them to consider theater and communications. During their last semester in 1980, Regan dropped out of school to pursue stand-up comedy. They finished their degree in 1997.
Career
In 1991, Regan made their first late night appearance on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson. Regan continued standup comedy making their way in the clubs, before releasing their first comedy album, Brian Regan Live, in 1997. In 2004, Regan self-released a DVD of their performance at the Irvine Improv, titled I Walked on the Moon. They were a featured comedian in a Comedy Central's animated stand-up series Shorties Watchin' Shorties. In April 2007, Regan signed a deal with Comedy Central to star in two one-hour stand-up specials, release the specials on DVD, develop a show for the network, and headline a theater tour, Brian Regan in Concert: A Comedy Central Live Event, which began June 8, 2007.
Brian's first one-hour special, Standing Up, debuted on Comedy Central on June 10, 2007. The special was recorded in April at The Barclay Theater in Irvine, CA, and a DVD of the performance was released August 14, 2007. Their second Comedy Central special, entitled The Epitome of Hyperbole, premiered on September 6, 2008. A DVD of the performance was released September 9, 2008. Their performance, All By Myself, is available via CD, exclusively on their website.
In 2012, Regan was the featured guest on Jerry Seinfeld's web series Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee Season 1 episode 3.  They are also one of the few comedians to be featured on that show twice appearing in the 2018 episode: "Are There Left Handed Spoons?". After seeing them perform standup in New Jersey, Chris Rock invited Regan to appear in their film, Top Five (2014). This would be Regan's first appearance in a film.
In 2015, Regan made their 28th and final stand-up performance on The Late Show With David Letterman which is more than any other comic since the show began on CBS. Regan recorded on September 26, 2015, the first ever live special on Comedy Central, Brian Regan: Live from Radio City Music Hall. It was released as a video/audio album in Feb 2016.
In 2017, Regan was cast as Mugsy in Peter Farrelly's dark comedy series Loudermilk starring Ron Livingston. The series has earned critical acclaim with a 92% on Rotten Tomatoes. Creator Farrelly praised Regan on their dark subversive performance in the show by saying, “the performance [Regan] gives this year is the best performance on television this year". That same year, Regan signed a deal with Netflix and Jerry Seinfeld to release two stand-up specials, Nunchucks and Flamethrowers (2017), and Standup and Away! with Brian Regan (2018). On February 23, 2021, Regan released a stand-up special, On the Rocks, on Netflix.
Influences and acclaim
Regan has stated that their comedy influences include Johnny Carson, Steve Martin, George Carlin, Richard Pryor, and David Letterman.
Regan has received acclaim among their comedy peers including Jerry Seinfeld who has described them as "one of my favorite, favorite stand-up comedians". Seinfeld has invited Regan on their show Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee twice in 2012 and in 2018. Seinfeld also served as an executive producer on Regan's sketch series Standup and Away! (2018). In an interview with CBS News Seinfeld stated, "He's really the most beloved guy out there by other comedians because of the quality of their stuff". Other comedians to have praised Regan include Norm Macdonald, Chris Rock, Jimmy Fallon, Patton Oswalt, David Letterman, and Bill Burr.
Discography
1997: Brian Regan: Live [CD]
2004: I Walked on the Moon [DVD/MP3]
2007: Standing Up [DVD/MP3]
2008: The Epitome of Hyperbole [DVD/MP3]
2010: All by Myself [CD/MP3]
2015: Live From Radio City Music Hall [DVD/CD/MP3]
2017: Nunchucks and Flamethrowers [Netflix]
2021: On the Rocks [Netflix]
Filmography
References
External links
1958 births
American stand-up comedians
Heidelberg University (Ohio) alumni
Living people
People from Miami
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
American people of Irish descent
Christopher Columbus High School (Miami-Dade County, Florida) alumni
James Goldie (born 29 June 1940) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Luton Town and York City.
References
1940 births
Living people
People from Denny, Falkirk
Scottish footballers
Association football inside forwards
Kilsyth Rangers F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Poole Town F.C. players
English Football League players
Falkirk F.C. players
Dundee United F.C. players
Bo'ness United F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
The Copper Bull is a copper sculpture found at the site of Tell al-'Ubaid near the ancient city of Ur, now in southern Iraq, by Sir Leonard Woolley in 1923. The sculpture, which dates from about 2600 BC, is now in the British Museum.
Discovery
The sculpture was found with a number of other artifacts at the base of a foundation in Tell al-'Ubaid. The sculpture was found by Leonard Woolley who was working jointly for the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology and the British Museum. The foundation which hid the sculpture was a platform made from brick and mud which had originally supported a temple to the goddess Ninhursag. The bull sculpture had been crushed by the falling masonry of the damaged temple. Woolley found similar models of bulls but only this and one other were recovered in an intact state.
Ninhursag was a goddess of the pastures, so it is appropriate that cows should be found around their temple; it was said that their milk sustained the kings.
Construction
The sculpture had been made by first making a wooden model of a bull. This had then been coated with bitumen. The parts of the bull were made in sections. The legs were shaped out of wood covered in copper plate and held in place using tacks. The legs were attached and then more copper sheet covered the main body, with a different sheet for the bull's shoulders. These sheets were held in place by flat-headed nails along the back of the legs, the haunches and the stomach. The body's sheets overlapped the places where the legs had been attached.
Copper bolts attached the legs to the base and the head was attached with a wooden dowel. The horns and the ears were then attached to the head.
Recovery
By the time the bull was discovered the wood had decayed away and the bull was recovered only by casting wax around the fragile remains and then lifting the remains out for later conservation. The sculpture as exhibited in the British Museum includes a horn, part of the tail and hooves which have been recreated to make the bull complete.
Ownership
The Copper Bull is in the British Museum. The artifacts discovered by Woolley were shared between the Iraqi State which received around 50% of the objects and the British Museum and the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology which each received about 25% of the objects. Ur was one of the first sites excavated under Iraq's antiquity law, drawn up by Gertrude Bell.
References
Bibliography
H.R. Hall and C.L. Woolley, Ur Excavations, vol. I: Al-Uba (London, Oxford University Press, 1927)
T. C. Mitchell, Sumerian art: illustrated by objects from Ur and Al-'Ubaid (London, The British Museum Press, 1969)
Middle Eastern objects in the British Museum
Sumerian art and architecture
Sculpture of the Ancient Near East
Cattle in art
Iraq–United Kingdom relations
Michael Jenkins Crouch (27 May 1933 – 9 February 2018) was Chairman of Australian private company Midgeon Holdings Pty Ltd. Midgeon acted as a holding vehicle for their long-term investments which include interests in Australian manufacturing, beef production, meat processing and property. Until December 2013 they were also Executive Chairman of Zip Industries, a manufacturing company they founded following their acquisition in 1962 of Zip Heaters.
Biography
In 1962 Michael Crouch acquired a small Australian company, Zip Heaters, which had been formed in 1947 to market kitchen and bathroom water heaters. Under their management, Zip expanded its product range to include a variety of hot water appliances and in the 1970s introduced the world's first small instant boiling water heaters now widely used in homes, offices and restaurant kitchens.
From 1970, Zip also developed under-bench drinking water appliances dispensing both instant boiling water and chilled filtered drinking water. Newer models also dispense sparkling chilled filtered water.
From 1982, Crouch appointed Zip distributors in Singapore, Taiwan, the Philippines and Thailand to cover South-East Asia. A distributor for Great Britain was engaged in 1987, and Zip products were introduced to Europe at trade shows in 1989 and 1991. A wholly owned subsidiary was formed in 1991 to handle UK distribution, and a distributor for Europe was appointed in 2002. A Zip subsidiary to handle distribution in New Zealand was established in 1996, and a joint venture partner in South Africa handles African marketing.
Michael Crouch maintained their position as CEO of Zip until December 2013. From then until their death in 2018 they continued as Chairman of Midgeon Holdings Pty Ltd, an Australian private company acting as a holding vehicle for their long-term investments in Australian manufacturing, beef production, meat processing and property.
Community
Michael was appointed (2008 - 2012) Board Director of the Duke of Edinburgh's International Award - Australia and from 2012 to their death was Vice President of The Friends of The Duke of Edinburgh Award in Australia. They became sponsor in 2008 and a Benefactor of the Award in 2012.
Honours and awards
1988. Appointed Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for service to conservation and the community.
2001. Awarded Centenary Medal for "service to Australian society through international trade development".
2004. Appointed Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) for service to the manufacturing sector, to the development of export markets in the Asia-Pacific region and to the community through a range of conservation and charitable organizations.
2017. Appointed Companion of the Order of Australia (AC) for eminent service to the community through philanthropic contributions to youth, cultural, medical research and health care organisations, to business in the areas of manufacturing and international trade, and as a supporter of innovation and higher education.
2016. Gold Distinguished Service Medal, The Duke of Edinburgh's International Award - Australia
Personal life
Michael Crouch died on 9 February 2018 and was survived by their wife, one son and two daughters.
References
1933 births
2018 deaths
Australian businesspeople
People from Sydney
People educated at Cranbrook School, Sydney
Companions of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
The Republic of the Congo competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The country made its debut appearance in the Paralympics at Rio, though they had participated in eleven Summer Olympics prior to the opening of the 2016 Paralympics. They sent a single competitor, track and field athlete Bardy Bouesso. Bouesso was the flagbearer at the opening ceremony.
Background
The Republic of the Congo first competed in the Summer Olympics at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. They have participated in every Summer Olympics since, excluding the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7 September to 18 September 2016. The Republic of the Congo was one of six countries to make their debut appearance in the Paralympic Games; the others were Aruba, Malawi, São Tomé and Príncipe, Somalia, and Togo. Bardy Bouesso, the only competitor in the delegation, was chosen as the flagbearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony, held on 7 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Bouesso was 19 years old at the time of the competition. They were born on 21 July 1997.  They are placed into disability classification F44, which is defined by the International Paralympic Committee as being for "any athlete competing without a prosthesis with a unilateral or a combination of lower limb impairment/s where the impairment in only one limb meets the minimum impairment criteria. Functional loss is seen in one foot, ankle and/or lower leg. The activity limitation in Para Athletics is roughly comparable to that found in an athlete with one through ankle / below knee amputation."
They competed in both the javelin throw, held on 9 September, and the discus throw, held two days later. In the javelin throw, they recorded a mark of 29.72 metres, the best result they had recorded that season. They finished in fifteenth place, in a field of sixteen competitors. In the discus throw, they recorded a personal best mark of 20.38 metres, however, this was not enough to pull them out of last place among all nine competitors who started the event.
Men's Field
See also
Congo at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in the Republic of the Congo sport
Genlis may refer to:
Places
Genlis Côte-d'Or, a town in France
Canton of Genlis, Côte-d'Or
Genlis, former name of Villequier-Aumont, Aisne; seat of a marquisate
People
Stéphanie Félicité, comtesse de Genlis, French writer
Francois de Hangest Sieur de Genlis & d'Abbecourt, French military commander, known as simply Genlis
Jean de Hangest, seigneur d'Yvoy, Huguenot military commander during the French Wars of Religion, also known as Genlis after the death of their brother Francois
Events in the year 1299 in Norway.
Incumbents
Monarch: Eric II Magnusson then Haakon V Magnusson
Events
Arts and literature
Births
Deaths
13 July – Eric II of Norway, King (born c. 1268).
References
Norway
WCW refers to World Championship Wrestling, a defunct American professional wrestling promotion.
WCW may also refer to:
World Championship Wrestling (Australia), a defunct Australian professional wrestling promotion that existed before the American promotion of the same name
Witchcraft Works, manga and anime series
William Carlos Williams (1883–1963), American poet
The World Can't Wait, left-wing protest group
Whitechapel Computer Works, computer company
What Chilli Wants, VH1 reality show
See also
World Wrestling Championships
Barrera de amor (English: Barrier of Love) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Ernesto Alonso for Televisa in 2005.
On Monday, October 10, 2005, Canal de las Estrellas started broadcasting Barrera de amor weekdays at 8:00pm, replacing Contra viento y marea. The last episode was broadcast on Friday, May 12, 2006 with La fea más bella replacing it on Monday, May 15, 2006.
Yadhira Carrillo and Sergio Reynoso starred as protagonists, Susana Diazayas and Aarón Díaz starred as co-protagonists, while Raquel Olmedo, Alexis Ayala, Gerardo Murguía, Chantal Andere, Armando Araiza and Alexa Damián starred as antagonists. Manuel Landeta and Norma Herrera starred as stellar performances.
Plot
Maria Teresa "Maité" is a beautiful young woman who is engaged to Luis Antonio. Maité was raised by their aunt, Griselda. Maité's mother died giving birth to them and they have never met their father.
According to people in their town, their father was a foreigner named Jose, who lied to Maité's mother, Eloisa, and had left them pregnant.
Jose promised Eloisa to come back but never did, but they left Eloisa a pendant that belonged to Jose's mother. That pendant is all Maria Teresa has from their father. Maité works at their Aunt Griselda's restaurant as a waiter.
Maité goes to the fair where they are accompanied by Adolfo Valladolid, Adolfo pours sleep powder in Maité's drink leaving their dizzy and uncomfortable.
Adolfo takes advantage of their condition and tries to take them to a motel and rape them when they were stopped by Magdalena (who later in the series becomes one of Maité's best friend and also is one of Adolfo's former lovers)
Eventually, Adolfo rapes Maria Teresa later in the series and Maité becomes pregnant. After Luis Antonio is told by Griselda that Adolfo had sexually harassed Maité, Luis Antonio goes off and looks for Adolfo.
Luis Antonio beats up Adolfo, but Doña Jacinta Valladolid, Adolfo's mother, sues Luis Antonio. Jacinta pays a few of their workers to attack Luis Antonio in prison.
Adolfo was supposed to marry Manola Linares, but Maité interrupts the wedding and says that Adolfo and Manola cannot be married because Adolfo is the father of their baby.
Maité is forced to marry Adolfo after they threaten to kill Luis Antonio in prison. Because Maité loves and cares for Luis Antonio's children, Daniel and Andres, they agree to marry the rapist.
Them life is a living hell when they have to live with Adolfo and Jacinta. Then, after a few months later, Maité gives birth to a beautiful child, Valeria. Jacinta finds a way to make Maité lose custody of their daughter and Jacinta ends up keeping Valeria.
After Maité was forced by Jacinta to leave, Maité goes to Mexico City, and schemes to recover their daughter and get revenge on Jacinta.
There in Mexico City they run into Magdalena who is pregnant. Maité and Magdalena grow very fond of each other and become best friends.
Maité works in a restaurant in Mexico City and becomes a friend of Victor, the restaurant owner. Magdalena gives birth to a baby girl, Verónica. Years later; Maité returns to recover their daughter but their plan is a failure.
Magdalena is killed but Verónica watches the murder of their mother. Veronica after that day has more than one personality in them
Veronica always had loved to play dolls with Vera and Violeta (Vera, the greedy and self-centered one and Violeta caring, weak, and respectful, so Veronica said about their dolls).
After that Vera and Violeta became Verónica's personality. Veronica is also Valeria's half sister. Maité decides to take care of Verónica since Magdalena was a very good friend to them Maité and Victor adopt Verónica.
After 17 years Maité finally returns to their home town and gets revenge on Jacinta. Valeria and Andrés fall in love without knowing their parents had a relationship.
Later, Valeria and Andrés secretly marry. Valeria finds out that they are pregnant and tries to tell Andres and they get in a fight. They don't tell Andrés that they are pregnant.
Cast
Main
Yadhira Carrillo as María Teresa "Maité" Galván Martínez
Sergio Reynoso as Luis Antonio Romero
Raquel Olmedo as Jacinta López Reyes Vda. de Valladolid
Alexis Ayala as Federico Valladolid Gómez/Federico Valladolid Gómez
Chantal Andere as Manola Linares de Zamora
Norma Herrera as Remedios Gómez
Gerardo Murguía as Adolfo Valladolid López
Manuel Landeta as Víctor García Betancourt
Aarón Díaz as Andrés Romero
Susana Diazayas as Valeria Valladolid Galván
Armando Araiza as Rodrigo Zamora Linares
Alexa Damián as Verónica García Galván/Vera/Violeta
Recurring
Alberto Agnesi as Daniel Romero
Ana Brenda Contreras as Juana "Juanita" Sánchez
Arturo Posadas as Baldomero Sánchez
Luis Gimeno as Josefo Maldonado
Aarón Hernán as José Maldonado
Juan Peláez as Sergio López Reyes
Antonio Medellín as Octavio Mendoza
Emilia Carranza as Josefina Maldonado
Jorge Vargas as Miguel Franco
Guillermo Aguilar as Don Elías
Yolanda Ciani as Doña Norma
Julio Monterde as Father Anselmo
Rossana San Juan as Magdalena
David Ostrosky as Ulises Santillana
Juan Carlos Casasola as Pancho
Graciela Bernardos as Griselda Martínez
Aleyda Gallardo as Martina de Sánchez
Paty Díaz as Nuria de Romero
Raymundo Capetillo as Nicolás Linares
Xavier Marc as Gustavo Zamora
Rosángela Balbó as Cayetana Linares
David Ramos as Dionisio Pérez y Pérez
Ignacio Guadalupe as Teodoro Sánchez
Mario Cid as Father Raúl
Rosita Bouchot as Leticia
Lucy Tovar as Bertha
Virginia Gimeno as Cleotilde Ramos
Jerardo Rioja as Rafael Garduño
Mario del Río as Guillermo
Elizabeth Aguilar as Jacaranda
Tere Valadez as Elvira
Elsy Reyes as Sister María de Jesús
Ruth Sheinfeld as Mónica
Antonio Miguel as Nabuco
Óscar Ferretti as Celerino
Paola Flores as Evelia
Joana Benedek as Leonela
Alejandro Correa as Andrés Romero (child)
Daniel Berlanga as Daniel Romero (child)
Miguel Martínez as Andrés Romero (adolescent)
Carlos Speitzer as Daniel Romero (adolescent)
Ernesto Bojalil as Cantinero
María Dolores Oliva as Rosaura
Claudia Ortega as Reyna
Antonio Vela as Omar Cardona
Haydee Navarra as Berenice
Bertha Kain
Jorge Ulises Santillana
Thelma Dorantes
María Dolores Oliva
Paola Riquelme
Pablo Domínguez
Patricia Ramírez
Mario Limantour
Elena de Tellitu
Allioth Ojeda
Suhey
Furby
Diego Serrano
Manuel Ojeda
Scarlet Hernández
Thania Ortiz
Andrea García
Nadia Alejandre
Special participation
Federico Pizarro as Pedro Valladolid
Pedro Armendáriz, Jr. as Don Pedro Valladolid
Farah Abud as Jacinta López Reyes de Valladolid (young)
Manuel "Flaco" Ibáñez as Nicanor López
Adriana Laffan as Ramona Reyes de López
Cristina Bernal as Remedios Gómez (young)
Sergio Argueta as José Maldonado (young)
Daniel Habif as Sergio López Reyes (young)
Soundtracks
"Como Duele (Barrera de Amor)" - Noelia
"Maldita Soledad" - Aracely Arámbula
"Lágrimas Rotas" - Vanessa Colaiutta
"Me Acorde de Ti" - Mijares
"Solo El y Yo" - Pandora
"Tan Dentro" - Lourdes Santiago
"Sin Ti No Soy Nada" - Amaral
"Hablan" - Ricardo Montaner
"Como Sería" - Soraya
"Luna Mágica" - Rocío Banquells
"Quiero Amanecer Con Alguien" - Daniela Romo
"Se Me Hizo Fácil" - Consorcio
Awards
References
External links
at esmas.com
2005 telenovelas
Mexican telenovelas
2005 Mexican television series debuts
2006 Mexican television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Mexico City
Televisa telenovelas
Here is the full list of colleges in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Bangladesh education-related lists
Chittagong-related lists
Tryfil is a hamlet in the community of Bodffordd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 135.9 miles (218.7 km) from Cardiff and 218.3 miles (351.3 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Ivonne Schröder (born 25July 1988) is a German ice hockey player for Tornado Niesky and the German national team.
They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey goaltenders
People from Bad Muskau
Sportspeople from Saxony
Holluschickie Bay () is a bay on the west coast of James Ross Island, Antarctica, entered between Matkah Point and Kotick Point. It was probably first seen by Otto Nordenskiöld in 1903. The bay was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1945; the name arose during a subsequent visit by a FIDS party in 1952, when a large number of young seals was observed near the mouth of the bay, after the word used for the young seals in Rudyard Kipling's story The White Seal in The Jungle Book.
External links
map
References
Bays of Graham Land
Landforms of James Ross Island
Charles Franklin, the pen-name of Frank Hugh Usher, (22 October 1909 - 1976) born in Leicester, Leicestershire, a British writer of mystery novels and spy novels. They also wrote under the pen-names Frank Usher, and Frank Lester.
Biography
Little interested in the whodunit, still in vogue in England in the immediate post-war period, they followed in the footsteps of Peter Cheyney and David Hume and showed a clear penchant for Noir fiction and, less surprisingly, from the 1960s, for spy novels.
Under the pseudonym Charles Franklin, they published their first novel, Exit Without Permit, in 1946, with their most famous recurring hero, Grant Garfield, a young and intrepid lawyer, sometimes assisted in their twelve investigations, by their charming secretary Barbara Wenthworth. After abandoning Garfield, they wrote three novels for Inspector Jim Burgess, and three others for the spy Maxine Dangerfield, a kind of female James Bond. They also published under Charles Franklin's name historical works dealing with famous legal or criminal cases.
Under their birth name, they were the author of the adventures of Daye Smith, a portrait painter and amateur sleuth. They also used this name for their fantasy short stories and a short series of spy novels centred on the duo of Amanda Curzon and their sidekick Oscar Sallis.
Works
Novels
Grant Garfield series
Inspector Jim Burgess series
Guilt for Innocence (1960)
Kill Me and Live (1961)
The Bath of Acid (1962)
Maxine Dangerfield series
The Dangerous Ones (1964)
On the Day of the Shooting (1965)
The Escape (1968)
Other novels
Daye Smith series (by Frank Usher)
Amanda Curzon and Oscar Sallis series (by Frank Usher)
The Man From Moscow (1965)
No Flowers in Brazlov (1968)
The Boston Crab (1970)
Deadly Legacy (1971)
Other novels by Frank Usher
Fear Runs Softly (1961)
Body in Velvet (1963)
Geoffrey Slade series (by Frank Lester)
The Corpse Wore Rubies (1958)
Death in the South Wind (1958)
The Golden Murder (1959)
Death of A Pale Man (1960)
The Bamboo Girl (1961)
Hide My Body (1961)
Fly Me a Killer (1962)
Other novels by Frank Lester
Death of a Frightened Traveller (1959)
Lead Me to the Gallows (1962)
Finch Takes to Crime (1963)
Short stories by Frank Usher
Other publications by Charles Franklin
The World's Worst Murderers (1965)
The World's Famous Trials (1967)
The World's Greatest Scandals (1967)
Spies of the Twentieth Century (1967)
They Walked a Crooked Mile: an Account of the Greatest Scandals, Swindlers and Outrages of All Time (1967)
World Famous Acquittals (1970)
References
Sources
British detective fiction writers
20th-century British writers
1909 births
1976 deaths
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Albinaria praeclara is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Clausiliidae, the door snails.
Distribution
This species occurs in:
Greece
References
External links
http://www.animalbase.uni-goettingen.de/zooweb/servlet/AnimalBase/home/species?id=1014
Albinaria
Gastropods described in 1853
The role of Australian women in World War I was focused mainly upon their involvement in the provision of nursing services. Australian women also played a significant role on the homefront, where they filled jobs made vacant by men joining the armed forces. Women also undertook fundraising and recruiting activities as well as organising comfort packages for soldiers serving overseas. Around the issue of conscription, women were involved in campaigning on both sides of the debate, while they were also equally involved in the New South Wales strike in 1917. Nevertheless, despite this involvement, women have never occupied a central position in the Australian version of the ANZAC myth, although since the 1970s their role has been examined in more detail as a result of the emergence of feminist historiography, and specialist histories such as the history of nursing.
Nursing
One of the primary roles for Australian women during the war was nursing. The Australian Army Nursing Service (AANS) comprised more than 3000 nurses during the war, over 2,200 of whom served outside Australia. 21 AANS nurses died during their war service and a number shortly thereafter. Nurses were present on the Western Front, and in Greece, England, India, Egypt, and Italy. The AANS comprised trained nurses, trained masseuses, 14 ward assistants and 1 bacteriologist. They served not just in Australian military hospitals but also in British hospitals and in ships at sea.
Hundreds of other Australian trained nurses served overseas with organisations including: the British nursing services, Red Cross, St John Ambulance and the Australian Voluntary Hospital. Australia also sent a number of female VADs to work in military hospitals. An example of these groups is the 20 nurses and a masseuse who were recruited to work in French hospitals by the Australian Red Cross Society, they were dubbed the "Bluebirds" in reference to the colour of their uniforms. The Australian nurses had their roles changed mid-way through World War I. As the war went on, the facilities became better throughout. They were able to clean and sterilize utensils used to clean up wounds. Offer mental support and treatment. And finally offer strong medication.
Other volunteer work
The following women's voluntary organisations were involved in support work:
Australian Red Cross
Women's Christian Temperance Union
Australian Women's National League
Voluntary Aid Detachment
Australian Comforts Fund
The Cheer-Up Society
Awards
The following women received medals or other awards for their war work:
Flora Reid – Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) – inaugural recipient – for aiding convalescent soldiers
Vera Deakin – Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) – for establishing the Australian Wounded and Missing Inquiry Bureau
Sister Clare Deacon, Sister Dorothy Cawood, Sister Alice Ross-King, Staff Nurse Mary Derrer – Military Medal – for bravery rescuing patients from a burning building
Sister Pearl Corkhill – Military Medal
Sister Rachel Pratt – Military Medal
Sister Alicia Mary Kelly – Military Medal
Opposition
A number of Australian women opposed the war, or certain aspects of it. Australian pacifists and anti-conscription activists during this period included Bella Guerin and Doris Blackburn.
Notable Australian women involved in the war
References
External links
Frances, Rae: Women's Mobilisation for War (Australia), in: 1914-1918-online. International Encyclopedia of the First World War.
Further reading
Adam-Smith, Patsy. Australian Women At War, Penguin, Melbourne, 1996
Barker, Marianne. Nightingales in the Mud, Allen & Unwin, Sydney, 1989
Bassett, Jan. Guns and Brooches, Oxford Melbourne, 1992
Beaumont, Joan, ed. Australia's War 1914-18, Allen & Unwin, Sydney, 1995
Beaumont, Joan. "Whatever happened to patriotic women, 1914–1918?." Australian Historical Studies 31.115 (2000): 273-286.
Cochrane, Peter. Australians At War, (ABC Books, Melbourne, 2001).
Coates, Donna. "Myrmidons to Insubordinates: Australian, New Zealand and Canadian Women's Fictional Responses to the Great War." in P. Quinn and S. Trout, eds. The Literature of the Great War Reconsidered (Palgrave Macmillan UK, 2001. 113-142).
De Vries, Susanna. Heroic Australian women in war: astonishing tales of bravery from Gallipolli to Kokoda. (HarperCollins, 2004. ).
Fallows, Carol. Love and War, (Bantam Books, Sydney, 2002).
Kretzenbacher, Heinz L. "The forgotten German-Australian stories of Australian history: Lesbia Harford's The Invaluable Mystery and the predicament of German-Australians in the First World War." Australisches Jahrbuch für germanistische Literatur- und Kulturwissenschaft / Australian Yearbook of German Literary and Cultural Studies (2014) 7:45-77 online
McKernan, Michael. The Australian People and the Great War (Nelson, Melbourne, 1980).
Oppenheimer, Melanie. "‘The best PM for the empire in war'?": Lady Helen Munro Ferguson and the Australian Red Cross Society, 1914–1920." Australian Historical Studies 33.119 (2002): 108-134.
Oppenheimer, Melanie. Australian Women and War (Department of Veterans' Affairs, Canberra, 2008).
Oppenheimer, Melanie. Oceans of Love. Narrelle - An Australian Nurse in World War I, ABC Books, Sydney, 2006
Reid, Richard. Just Wanted To Be There, (Department of Veterans' Affairs, Canberra, 1999).
Scates, Bruce. "The unknown sock knitter: voluntary work, emotional labour, bereavement and the Great War." Labour History (2001): 29-49.
Dark Waters is a 1944 American Gothic film noir based on the novel of the same name by Francis and Marian Cockrell. It was directed by Andre de Toth and starred Merle Oberon, Franchot Tone, and Thomas Mitchell.
Plot
Leslie Calvin, the shaken survivor of a ship sunk by a submarine, travels to their aunt and uncle's Louisiana plantation to recuperate, but their relatives have other ideas. Thomas Mitchell, who played the congenial Gerald O'Hara in Gone With the Wind, is a mysterious and fussy guest at the plantation. In a subtle nod to Gone With the Wind, the aunt tells Leslie that "Tomorrow is another day."
Cast
Reception
The film was generally well received as accomplishing what it intended, with the New York Times stating it was "neatly produced and directed – and well played by an excellent cast."
Critical response
Slant Magazine's film critic, Glenn Heath Jr., liked the film writing, "Mood dictates narrative in Andre de Toth's Dark Waters, a hallucinatory jigsaw puzzle set in the deep swamps of 1940s Louisiana that becomes a perfect breeding ground for noirish shadows and deceptive wordplay ... Dark Waters ends with multiple dead bodies sinking into the bayou and Leslie directly confronting what one character calls their "persuasion complex." The bravura finale through the oozing locale is a stunner, and despite some surface romance that feels a bit forced, the film stays true to its mystically dark mood, a slithering distant cousin to Tourneur's I Walked with a Zombie.
See also
List of American films of 1944
References
External links
Dark Waters informational page and DVD review at DVD Beaver (includes images)
Dark Waters film at Hulu (free and complete)
1944 films
1940s English-language films
1940s psychological thriller films
American black-and-white films
American psychological thriller films
Film noir
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Andre DeToth
Films scored by Miklós Rózsa
Films set in Louisiana
Films set on the home front during World War II
Southern Gothic films
United Artists films
1940s American films
West High School may refer to:
United States
West High School (Phoenix, Arizona), a former high school, 1949–1983
West High School (Bakersfield, California)
West High School (Torrance, California)
West High School (Colorado), Denver, Colorado
West High School (Sioux City, Iowa)
West High School (Waterloo, Iowa)
West High School (Minneapolis, Minnesota), a former high school (1908-1982)
West High School (Kansas City, Missouri), a former high school (closed 1981), now an apartment building
West High School (Akron, Ohio), a former high school that became first a junior high school and then apartments for senior citizens
West High School (Columbus, Ohio)
West High School (Jackson, Tennessee), abolished in 1992 and merged with South Side High School (Jackson, Tennessee)
West High School (Knoxville, Tennessee)
West High School (Texas), West, Texas
West High School (Utah), Salt Lake City, Utah
Schools with variant names in the United States
Appleton West High School, Appleton, Wisconsin
Bellevue West High School, Bellevue, Nebraska
Billings West High School, Billings, Montana
Blue Valley West High School, Overland Park, Kansas
Central Bucks High School West, Doylestown, Pennsylvania
Davenport West High School, Davenport, Iowa
Glenbard West High School, Glen Ellyn, Illinois
Green Bay West High School, Green Bay, Wisconsin
Iowa City West High School, Iowa City, Iowa
Joliet West High School, Joliet, Illinois
Kenmore West Senior High School, Buffalo, New York
Lakota West High School, Cincinnati, Ohio
Lee's Summit West High School, Lee's Summit, Missouri
Lincoln-West High School, Cleveland, Ohio
Madison West High School, Madison, Wisconsin
Maine West High School, Des Plaines, Illinois
Manchester High School West, Manchester, New Hampshire
Merrill F. West High School, Tracy, California
Millard West High School, Omaha, Nebraska
Montreal West High School, Montreal, Quebec, Canada
Niles West High School, Skokie, Illinois
Oshkosh West High School, Oshkosh, Wisconsin
Parkway West High School (Ballwin, Missouri)
Plano West Senior High School, Plano, Texas
Pocono Mountain West High School, Pocono Summit, Pennsylvania
Traverse City West Senior High School, Traverse City, Michigan
Waukesha West High School, Waukesha, Wisconsin
Wauwatosa West High School, Wauwatosa, Wisconsin
West Anchorage High School, Anchorage, Alaska
West Aurora High School, Aurora, Illinois
West Bend West High School, West Bend, Wisconsin
West Windsor-Plainsboro High School North, Plainsboro Township, New Jersey
West Windsor-Plainsboro High School South, Princeton Junction, New Jersey
Wichita West High School, Wichita, Kansas
Wilson Magnet High School, formerly West High School, Rochester, New York
W. F. West High School, Chehalis, Washington
See also
West (disambiguation)
Western High School (disambiguation)
Westlake High School (disambiguation)
Westmount High School
Anino ng Kahapon (literally "Shadow of Yesterday"; figuratively "Shadow of the Past") is a 1907 Tagalog-language novel written by Filipino novelist Francisco Laksamana. The 294-page novel was published in Manila by Santiago L. Abillar and SP during the first few years of American period in Philippine history. The 1907 version was illustrated by P Imperial. The novel was republished by the Ateneo de Manila University Press in 2002. According to the Ateneo de Manila University Press, the novel was written by Laksamana to help provide the readers with a "nostalgic recollection of the period of mournful Filipinoness". According to literary critic Epifanio San Juan, Jr. — apart from being a historical and political novel — Anino ng Kahapon was one of the romance novels and novels about heroic Philippine characters produced by Filipino authors from 1900 to contemporary times.
Description
According to literary critic Soledad Reyes, Anino ng Kahapon is one of the few pro-American novels written during the American era (1898–1946) in the Philippines. The antagonists in the novel are Spanish authorities and their Filipino collaborators. The novel provides insight about the lifestyle of the Filipino people living in "typical small towns" located in Luzon at the time. Dedicated to the Filipino youth, Anino ng Kahapon is the first and only novel written by Laksamana about Philippine society during their lifetime. Laksama lived from 1877 to 1966. According to the National Library of the Philippines, Anino ng Kahapon was reviewed and was a master's degree thesis subject written by Pilar Pili de Guzman, entitled Isang pagsusuri sa nobelang "Anino ng Kahapon" ni Francisco Lacsamana ("A Review of the novel "Shadow of the Past" by Francisco Laksamana") in 1983 at the Araullo Lyceum, Cabanatuan City.
Plot
The setting of the novel was during the final years of Spanish colonialism. The main characters of the novel are Modesto Magsikap and Elisea Liwayway. Magsikap is a vigilante who kills two suitors of Liwayway, their girlfriend. Magsikap's first crime was the killing of Sergeant Cruz, the first suitor of Liwayway. Magsikap was imprisoned for the homicide. A group of bandits invaded the town where Magsikap was imprisoned, including the jail where Magsikap was confined. Magsikap returned to their own hometown after learning about the death of their father. There Magsikap murders Lt. Rosca, the second suitor of Liwayway. Magsikap's two brothers were put in jail. To escape their pursuers and the Spanish authorities, Magsikap flees to the United States. From the United States, Magsikap continued communicating with Liwayway through letters. After five years, Magsikap returns to the Philippines. After their trip, Modesto became convinced of the "benevolent presence" of the United States in the Philippines.
References
External links
Anino ng Kahapon at Google Books (scanned book original 1907 edition)
Anino ng Kahapon at filipiniana.net (HTML edition)
Philippine novels
1907 novels
Tagalog-language novels
Political novels
Philippine romance novels
Historical novels
Fiona Tan (born 1966 in Pekanbaru, Indonesia) is a visual artist primarily known for their photography, film and video art installations. With their own complex cultural background, Tan's work is known for its skillful craftsmanship and emotional intensity, which often explores the themes of identity, memory, and history. Tan currently lives and works in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Early life and education
Fiona Tan was born in 1966 in Pekanbaru, Indonesia, to an Indonesian Chinese father and Australian mother. Tan spent their early childhood in Melbourne, Australia. In 1984 they moved to Europe, where they have resided since. Between 1988 and 1992 Tan studied at Gerrit Rietveld Academie in Amsterdam. Between 1996-1997 they also studied at the Rijksakademie van Beeldende Kunst.
Artistic practice
In 2019, Tan completed a photography/film project titled L'archive des ombres/Shadow Archive during their residency at the Mundaneum, a repository created by Belgian visionary Paul Otlet with the goal of cataloging all human knowledge. An exhibition of the same name was staged at the Musée des Arts Contemporains, Grand-Hornu, Belgium in 2019.
In 2009, they represented The Netherlands at the Venice Biennale with the solo presentation Disorient. They have also participated in Documenta 11, the Yokohama Triennale, the Berlin Biennale, São Paulo Biennial and also at the Istanbul Biennial, the Sydney Biennial and Asian Pacific Triennial. Them work is represented in many international public and private collections including the Tate Modern, London, Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam, Schaulager, Basel, the New Museum, New York, and the Centre Georges Pompidou, Paris.
They have been guest lecturer at many art institutions including professor at the postgraduate program De Ateliers, Amsterdam (2006–2014) and Kunsthochschule Kassel (2014–15).
In 2003 Tan created a poster, Lift, for Transport for London. In 2016 they directed their debut film, History's Future.[3] Them second feature film Ascent premiered at the 2016 Locarno International Film Festival. During this year they were also the artist in residence at the Getty Research Institute in Los Angeles, California.
Exhibitions
Over the past twenty years their work has gained increasing international recognition. Tan has had solo exhibitions in museums and galleries worldwide including the New Museum, New York, Vancouver Art Gallery, Sackler Galleries, Washington DC, Aargauer Kunsthaus, Switzerland, Akademie der Künsten, Berlin, Kunstverein Hamburg, Konsthal Lund, Landesgalerie Linz, Musée d'Art Contemporain, Montréal, Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich, and the Hammer Museum, Los Angeles.
Select solo exhibitions
Inside Out, Montevideo/Time Based Arts, Amsterdam (1995)
2nd Johannesburg Biennale, Johannesburg (1997)
Roll I and II, De Pont Foundation for Contemporary Art, Tilburg, Netherlands (1999)
Elsewhere is a Negative Mirror, De Begane Grond, Utrecht, Netherlands (1999)
Cradle, Galerie Paul Andriesse, Amsterdam (1999)
Smoke Screen, De Balie, Amsterdam (1999)
Stimuli, Witte de With, Rotterdam (1999)
Venice Biennale, Venice (2001)
Rain, Galerie Elisabeth Kaufmann, Zurich (2001)
Documenta 11, Kassel, Germany (2002)
Link, Stedelijk Museum, Amsterdam (2003)
Istanbul Biennale, Istanbul (2003)
Time Zones, Tate Modern, London (2004)
Saint Sebastian, Musée d'Art Contemporain, Montréal, Canada (2005)
Saint Sebastian, Anna Schwartz Gallery, Melbourne, Australia (2005)
Countenance, Modern Art Oxford, Oxford, England, (2005)
Short Voyages, Frith Street Gallery, London (2006)
80 Tage, Vox Populi, Countenance; Pinakothek der Moderne, Munich (2007)
A Lapse of Memory, Royal Institute of British Architects, London (2007)
A Lapse of Memory, Frith Street Gallery, London (2007)
Countenance, Williams College Museum of Art, Williamstown, MA (2008)
Provenance, Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam (2008)
Disorient, Dutch Pavilion, 53rd Venice Biennale (2009)
Saint Sebastian, Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, Washington, DC (2009)
Rise and Fall, Freer Gallery of Art, Washington, DC (2010)
Vox Populi London, Frith Street Gallery, London (2010)
Rise and Fall, Aargauer Kunsthaus, Aarau, Switzerland
Rise and Fall, Vancouver Art Gallery, Vancouver, Canada (2010)
Vox Populi Switzerland, Centre Culturel Suisse, Paris (2011)
Rise and Fall, Wako Works of Art, Tokyo (2011)
Point of Departure, Centro Andaluz de Arte Contempraeneo, Sevilla, Spain (2012)
Disorient, Glasgow Gallery of Modern Art, Glasglow (2012)
Vox Populi London, The Photographers' Gallery, London (2012)
Ellipsis, 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa, Japan (2013)
Inventory, MAXXI, Rome (2013)
Inventory, Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia (2013-2014)
Terminology, Metropolitan Museum for Photography, Tokyo (2014)
Terminology, National Museum of Art, Osaka, Japan (2014)
Nellie, Wako Works of Art, Tokyo (2014)
Options & Futures, Rabo Kunstzone, Utrecht, Netherlands (2014)
Depot, Baltic Centre for Contemporary Art, Gateshead, UK (2015)
Ghost Dwellings, Frith Street Gallery Soho Square, London (2015)
Geography of Time, Nasjonalmuseet, Oslo (2015)
Inventory, Frith Street Gallery, London (2015)
Geography of Time, Nasjonalmuseet, Oslo (2015-2016)
Geography of Time, Mudam, Luxembourg (2016)
Ascent, Izu Photo Museum, Nagaizumi, Japan (2016)
Geografie of Time, Museum für Moderne Kunst, Frankfurt, Germany (2016-2017)
Disorient, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, Abando, Spain (2016-2017)
Nellie, IMA, Brisbane, Australia (2017)
Geography of Time, Tel Aviv Museum of Art, Tel Aviv, Israel (2017)
Ascent, De Pont Museum, Tilburg, Netherlands (2017)
Time and Memory, Centro de Creación Contemporánea de Andalucía, Spain (2018)
Elsewhere, Frith Street Gallery, London (2018-2019)
Shadow Archive, MAC's, Grand Hornu, Belgium (2019)
Ascent, Samstag Museum, Adelaide, Australia (2019)
Ideas of Utopia, Borch Editions Butik, Copenhagen (2019)
Disorient, Glasglow Gallery of Modern Art, Glasgow (2019-2020)
Goraiko, Sprengel Museum, Hannover, Germany (2019-2020)
Archive / Ruins, Peter Freeman, Inc., New York (2020)
Select group exhibitions
Cine y Casi Cone, Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia Museum, Madrid (2007)
Global Multitude, Rotunde, Luxemburg (2007)
L'oeil ecranou la nouvelle image, Casino Luxembourg (2007)
Museum of Contemporary Art of Bucharest, Romania (2007)
Contour, Museum Prinsenhof, Delf (2007)
Biennial of Moving Images, Geneva (2007)
Deutsche Börse Photography Prize, Photographer's Gallery; Berlin (2007)
Neue Börse, Frankfurt (2007)
Breeze, cur. Marja Bloem, Gallery Nelson Freeman, Paris (2008)
The Tropics Martin- Gropius-Bau, Berlin (2008)
Be(com)ing Dutch, Van Abbemuseum, Eidenhoven (2008)
Rethink Kakotopia, Nikolaj, Copenhagen Contemporary Art Center (2009)
Self and Other, National Museum of Ethnology, Osaka (2009)
Architecture Biennale, Venice (2010)
São Paulo Biennial, São Paulo (2010)
Ich zweifellos, Kunstmuseum Wolfsburg, Wolfsburg (2010)
Moving Portraits, De La Warr Pavilion, UK (2011)
Expanded Cinema, MMOMA, Moscow (2011)
Architectural Environments for Tomorrow, MOT Tokyo (2011)
Le Pont, Musée d'Art Contemporain, Marseille
Beyond Imagination, Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam (2012)
Arte torna arte, Galleria dell'Accademia, Florence (2012)
Autobiography, Espace Culturel Louis Vuitton, Paris (2012)
Status, Fotomuseum Winterthur, Switzerland (2012)
Inseldasein, DAAD Galerie, Berlin (2013)
Suspended Histories, Museum van Loon, Amsterdam (2013)
Go-Betweens, Mori Art Museum, Tokyo, Japan (2014)
Paradise Lost, CCA, Singapore (2014)
FUTURE PRESENT, Schaulager, Laurenz Foundation, Basel, Switzerland (2015)
NO MAN'S LAND, Rubell Family Collection, Miami, United States (2015)
Ecce Homo, The National Museum of Art, Osaka, Japan (2016)
Select awards
Fiona Tan received several international prizes and awards, including Getty Artist-in-Residence Fellowship, Los Angeles (2016); Deutsche Börse Photography Prize (nominee) (2007); ICP Infinity Award for Art, New York (2004); Artes Mundi Prize, Cardiff (nominee) (2003); and J.C. van Lanschot Prize for sculpture, Belgium/The Netherlands (1998).
Residencies
Tan participated in established international residencies, including IASPIS grant and residency, Stockholm (2003) and DAAD scholarship and residency, Berlin (2001).
Further reading
*
References
External links
fionatan.nl
Frith Street Gallery
Fiona Tan on Wako Works of Art
Art Books about Fiona Tan
Fiona Tan at De Pont Museum
Peter Freeman Inc., New York
Frith Street Gallery, London
20th-century sculptors
21st-century sculptors
Video artists
Conceptual artists
Women conceptual artists
1966 births
Living people
Indonesian artists
Indonesian Hokkien people
Indonesian people of Chinese descent
Indonesian women artists
20th-century women artists
21st-century women artists
Van Lanschot Kempen Kunstprijs winners
Vedhagiri is in the district of Kottayam, Kerala, India, and is famous for the ashram monastery of the Hindu guru (teacher) Vedhavyasa (Devanāgarī).
Economy
Kottayam Textiles, a Kerala government-owned spinning mill); KSE Ltd., cattle feed factory; Quest Scientific Research Organisation, and various other small-scale industries are running on and around the vedhagiri hill.
Schools
Government UP school is the educational institution in vedhagiri.
Temples and churches
SNDP Grumandhiram is the place of worship for Sri Narayana Guru's followers (Ezhavas). St. Mary's Syriac Catholic Church Vedhagiri, St. Mathew's Syriac Catholic Church, Kottakkupuram and St. Stephen's Knanaya Syriac Catholic Church, Kurumulloor are Christian churches in the area. The Mahatma Gandhi University Kottayam, the famous Ettumanoor Temple and the Athirampuzha Church are within 5 kilometers of Vedhagiri.
Transportation
There are several public and private bus services running through vedhagiri. The Ettumanoor railway station in 3 kilometers from Vedhagiri.
References
Villages in Kottayam district
Calochilus caesius, commonly known as the blue beard orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to the Northern Territory in Australia. It has a single leaf which is not present during flowering and up to five pale green, very short-lived flowers with a bluish-red "beard".
Description
Calochilus caesius is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber and a single leaf long and wide but which is not present during flowering. Up to five pale green flowers long and wide are borne on a thin, wiry flowering stem tall. The dorsal sepal is long and wide. The lateral sepals are long and about wide. The petals are long and wide. The labellum is flat, pale green and red, long and wide with bluish red hairs up to covering about three quarters of the labellum. The column lacks the sham "eyes" of some other beard orchids. Flowering occurs from December to February but each flower only lasts a few hours.
Taxonomy and naming
Calochilus caesius was first formally described in 2004 by David Jones and the description was published in The Orchadian from specimens collected at Yarrawonga Swamp near Darwin. The specific epithet (caesius) is a Latin word meaning "bluish gray".
Distribution and habitat
The blue beard orchid grows in swampy places with rushes and sedges in the far north of the Northern Territory including Garig Gunak Barlu National Park, Kakadu National Park and Melville Island.
References
caesius
Orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 2004
No Warning is a Canadian hardcore punk band from Toronto.
History
Early career and first two albums (1998–2003)
The band was founded in 1998 under the name As We Once Were by singer Ben Cook, guitarist Matt Delong, bass player Christian Wylde and drummer Alan "Yeti" Riches. Jordan Posner joined soon after on second guitar and Riches was replaced by Kon Putkin on drums. As As We Once Were, they released two demos, both in 1998, and contributed an exclusive song to Redstar Records' 1999 Various Artists compilation The Sound and the Fury. The band subsequently renamed itself No Warning. Their first release under that name was a three-song demo tape. They released their 7" on New York label Martyr Records in 2001.
Prior to this album, Ben Cook contributed lead vocals to Cold Plays' original 2000 album. Later that year, Boston-based Bridge 9 Records re-released the 7" on CD with different artwork and the demo tape as bonus tracks. The band continued to play shows across the east coast of the United States and Canada with hardcore punk bands such as Hatebreed, Madball, Cro-Mags, Sick of It All, Terror and Bane. They also appeared at annual hardcore festivals such as Hellfest (New Jersey) and Posi Numbers Fest (Pennsylvania). In the fall of 2002, No Warning released what some fans consider to be the band's best work and a monumental album of that era of hardcore, Ill Blood.
One more album, breakup and subsequent activities (2004–2012)
Through more touring, the band came in contact with Sum 41 manager/producer Greig Nori, and signed with their management/production company. While working with Nori, the band developed a more radio friendly edge to their sound and signed to Machine Shop Records, a label founded by Linkin Park, and distributed through Warner Bros. Records. Suffer, Survive was released in late 2004.
The band continued to tour with more high-profile bands such as Linkin Park, Sum 41, Papa Roach, The Used, Fear Factory, as well as older punk band SNFU, and up and coming bands such as Funeral for a Friend and Saosin. The Band was a part Linkin Park's 2004 Projekt Revolution Tour on which bands from Korn to Snoop Dogg, Ghostface Killah and Less Than Jake played. The band also played at the Summer Sonic Festival in Tokyo and Osaka, Japan.
After a lot of time spent on tour and different directions the band wanted to take, No Warning broke up in late 2005. Members went on to form bands such as Surplus Sons, Marvelous Darlings, and Millennial Reign, among other projects. Ben Cook now plays in Fucked Up. Jordan Posner plays in Terror.
Reunion (2013–present)
On June 5, 2013, Ben Cook told Exclaim! that No Warning has reformed and will release a seven-inch on their own label Bad Actors Inc. The seven-inch will include new song called "Resurrection of the Wolf" on the A-side and a cover of Violent Minds' "Bloodsucker" on the B-side. They also told Exclaim! that there are no plans on playing live. Direct quote from the man himself: "I have no interest playing live. I don't want dudes yelling in my face or jumping on me." In 2014 Ben Cook explained in another interview "Yeah, when I said that I was lying, straight up. Every time I ever do a No Warning interview, I like to throw in a few lies here and there. That's what the internet is for, right?". Considering, the band has played some shows in 2014 and 2015 in the US and Europe, it seems that the band still enjoys being on stage.
The first No Warning show in Europe was at Ieper Hardcore Fest in Belgium on August 8, 2014. They came over again in October 2015 to play 2 Shows in the United Kingdom (London & Manchester) and 1 mainland show in The Netherlands (Dordrecht).
Their first North American reunion show was a sold out show on April 10, 2015, at Gamechanger World in Howell, New Jersey.
In 2015, Cook released a solo album, Ripe 4 Luv, under the stage name Young Guv. The album was a longlisted nominee for the 2015 Polaris Music Prize.
August 2015 saw another reunion show at Gatineau, Canada's Heart Fest where they headlined the Saturday of the three-day hardcore festival, a performance which was received very well. Following that performance, the band debuted the single "Friends in High Places," which would be released as a 7" flexi-disc via Lockin' Out Records and subsequently played their first hometown show since reuniting on April 2 at The Velvet Underground in Toronto. Antwon, Build and Destroy and Demolition also performed.
On August 24, 2017, the band announced a new album, Torture Culture, would be released on October 13 via Bad Actors, Inc. and Last Gang. They debuted the first song from the release, "In the City," on the same day. Exclaim! ranked the album at number 6 on their Top 10 Metal and Hardcore Albums of 2017 list.
Band members
Current
Ben Cook – vocals, lyrics, producer
Jordan Posner – lead guitar
Matt DeLong – rhythm guitar
Ryan Gavel – bass
Jesse Labovitz – drums
Past
Christian Wilde – bass
Zach Amster – bass
Alan "Yeti" Riches – drums (As We Once Were)
Arden Vallis – drums
Jon Gerson – drums
DJ Jacobs – drums
Nate Helm – drums
Kon "Bear" Putkin – drums
Timeline
Discography
References
External links
Canadian hardcore punk groups
Musical groups established in 1998
Musical groups from Toronto
Bridge 9 Records artists
1998 establishments in Ontario
Arne Dekke Eide Næss (; 27 January 1912 – 12 January 2009) was a Norwegian philosopher who coined the term "deep ecology", an important intellectual and inspirational figure within the environmental movement of the late twentieth century, and a prolific writer on many other philosophical issues. Næss cited Rachel Carson's 1962 book Silent Spring as being a key influence in their vision of deep ecology. Næss combined their ecological vision with Gandhian nonviolence and on several occasions participated in direct action.
Næss averred that while western environmental groups of the early post–World War II period had raised public awareness of the environmental issues of the time, they had largely failed to have insight into and address what they argued were the underlying cultural and philosophical background to these problems. Næss believed that the environmental crisis of the twentieth century had arisen due to certain unspoken philosophical presuppositions and attitudes within modern western developed societies which remained unacknowledged.
They thereby distinguished between what they called deep and shallow ecological thinking. In contrast to the prevailing utilitarian pragmatism of western businesses and governments, they advocated that a true understanding of nature would give rise to a point of view that appreciates the value of biological diversity, understanding that each living thing is dependent on the existence of other creatures in the complex web of interrelationships that is the natural world.
Life and career
Næss was born in Slemdal, Oslo, Norway, the son of Christine (Dekke) and Ragnar Eide Næss. Ragnar was a successful banker, and Arne was the younger brother of shipowner Erling Dekke Næss. Næss had two children with their first wife Else and was the uncle of mountaineer and business person Arne Næss Jr. (1937–2004).
In 1939, Næss was the youngest person to be appointed full professor at the University of Oslo and the only professor of philosophy in the country at the time.
They were a noted mountaineer, who in 1950 led the expedition that made the first ascent of Tirich Mir () in Pakistan, depicted in the documentary film Tirich Mir til topps. The Tvergastein hut in the Hallingskarvet massif played an important role in the name of Næss's philosophy, "Ecosophy T", as "T" is said to represent their mountain hut Tvergastein.
In 1958, they founded the interdisciplinary journal of philosophy Inquiry.
In 1970, together with a large number of protesters, they chained themselves to rocks in front of Mardalsfossen, a waterfall in a Norwegian fjord, and refused to descend until plans to build a dam were dropped. Though the demonstrators were carried away by police and the dam was eventually built, the demonstration launched a more activist phase of Norwegian environmentalism.
In 1996, they won the Swedish Academy Nordic Prize, known as the "little Nobel". In 2005 they were decorated as a Commander with Star of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for socially useful work. Næss was a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Green Party in 2005.
Philosophy
Næss's book Erkenntnis und wissenschaftliches Verhalten (1936) anticipated many themes familiar in post-war analytic philosophy.
In the 21st century, Næss came to be recognized by newer generations of philosophers as a pioneer of (a term that Næss themselves used) for their empirical semantics research. One of Næss's early publications on experimental philosophy was "Truth" as Conceived by Those Who Are Not Professional Philosophers (1938).
Næss's main philosophical work from the 1950s was entitled Interpretation and Preciseness (1953). This was an application of set theory to the problems of language interpretation, extending the work of semanticists such as Charles Kay Ogden in The Meaning of Meaning. A simple way of explaining it is that any given utterance (word, phrase, or sentence) can be considered as having different potential interpretations, depending on prevailing language norms, the characteristics of particular persons or groups of users, and the language situation in which the utterance occurred. These differing interpretations are to be formulated in more precise language represented as subsets of the original utterance. Each subset can, in its turn, have further subsets (theoretically ad infinitum). The advantages of this conceptualisation of interpretation are various. It enables systematic demonstration of possible interpretation, making possible evaluation of which are the more and less "reasonable interpretations". It is a logical instrument for demonstrating language vagueness, undue generalisation, conflation, pseudo-agreement and effective communication.
Næss developed a simplified, practical textbook embodying these advantages, entitled Communication and Argument: Elements of Applied Semantics (1966), which became a valued introduction to this pragmatics or "language logic", and was used over many decades as a sine qua non for the preparatory examination at the University of Oslo, later known as examen philosophicum ("exphil").
Recommendations for public debate
Næss's book Communication and Argument (1966) included their recommendations for objective public debate. Næss argued for adhering to the following principles to make discussions as fruitful and pleasant as possible:
"Avoid tendentious references to side issues"—distractions such as personal attacks, claims about opponents' motivation, or irrelevant explanations or arguments.
"Avoid tendentious renderings of other people's views"—editing quotes or paraphrasing in a biased or misleading way (for example, quoting out of context).
"Avoid tendentious ambiguity"—deliberately offering ambiguous statements instead of more precise ones (equivocation).
"Avoid tendentious argument from alleged implication"—assigning views to opponents that they do not hold (straw men).
"Avoid tendentious firsthand reports"—information that is untrue or incomplete, withholding relevant information (for example, lying by omission).
"Avoid tendentious use of contexts"—presenting material with extra accessories of persuasion and suggestion such as visual or aural appeals to emotion of irony, sarcasm, insult, exaggeration, or subtle (or open) threat.
For many years these points were part of a compulsory course in philosophy (examen philosophicum) taught in Norwegian universities.
Argumentation theorist Erik Krabbe later said that Næss's principles for effective discussion were precursors of the rules for critical discussion in pragma-dialectics.
Ecosophy T
Ecosophy T, as distinct from deep ecology, was originally the name of Næss's personal philosophy. Others such as Warwick Fox have interpreted deep ecology as a commitment to ecosophy T, Næss's personal beliefs. The "T" referred to Tvergastein, a mountain hut where they wrote many of their books, and reflected Næss's view that everyone should develop their own philosophy.
Næss's ecosophy can be summed up as self-realization. According to Næss, every being, whether human, animal or vegetable, has an equal right to live and to blossom. Næss states that through self-realization humans can become part of the ecosystems of Earth, in distinction to becoming only themselves. According to one writer, Næss defined the ethical consequences of self-realization as: If one does not know how the outcomes of one's actions will affect other beings, one should not act.
In an article that summarized Næss's career, Nina Witoszek noted that they qualified their most radical propositions using the rhetorical term "in principle", and they pragmatically recognized that, in Witoszek's words, "concessions are unavoidable; dogmas are ductile; and practice diverges from principle".
Selected works
Translation of Moderne filosofer.
"Not a direct translation of Arne Naess' 1976 work, Økologi, samfunn, og livsstil, but rather a new work in English, based on the Norwegian, with many sections revised and rewritten by Professor Naess".
(Review by David Orton, 2006)
Vol. 1: Interpretation and Preciseness: A Contribution to the Theory of Communication
Vol. 2: Scepticism: Wonder and Joy of a Wandering Seeker
Vol. 3: Which World Is the Real One?: Inquiry into Comprehensive Systems, Cultures, and Philosophies
Vol. 4: The Pluralist and Possibilist Aspect of the Scientific Enterprise: Rich Descriptions, Abundant Choices, and Open Futures
Vol. 5: Gandhi and Group Conflict: Explorations of Nonviolent Resistance, Satyāgraha
Vol. 6: Freedom, Emotion, and Self-Subsistence: The Structure of a Central Part of Spinoza's Ethics
Vol. 7: Communication and Argument: Elements of Applied Semantics
Vol. 8: Common Sense, Knowledge, and Truth: Open Inquiry in a Pluralistic World: Selected Papers
Vol. 9: Reason, Democracy, and Science: Understanding Among Conflicting Worldviews: Selected Papers
Vol. 10: Deep Ecology of Wisdom: Explorations in Unities of Nature and Cultures: Selected Papers
References
External links
"Ecosophy from T to X" – article about Arne's philosophy, by Jim Cocola, in n+1 magazine, April 2006
Arne Naess – Ecophilosophy and Ecology – Page from the University of Oslo with basic information about Arne Næss and their publications from 1936–2005
Jens Bjørneboe: How Arne Næss and I conquered NATO
Photos of Næss's arrest at Mardalsfossen (in Norwegian)
Crossing the Stones: A Portrait of Arne Naess
The Call of the Mountain (transcript) – Transcript of the film The Call of the Mountain on Arne Naess and the Deep Ecology Movement (1997)
– Excerpts of the film
The Call of the Mountain (complete)
OpenAirPhilosophy website
1912 births
2009 deaths
20th-century Norwegian philosophers
21st-century Norwegian philosophers
Green thinkers
Environmental ethicists
Moral philosophers
Non-profit organisations based in Norway
Norwegian environmentalists
Norwegian mountain climbers
University of Oslo faculty
XU
Pyrrhonism
Anti-consumerists
People associated with criticism of economic growth
Spinozist philosophers
Spinoza scholars
Neo-Spinozism
The Global Creative Leadership Summit is an annual gathering of around 120 leading figures in the areas of science, technology, culture, business and government. It mainly focuses on global poverty, health, wealth, and where they cross. It opens with a series of keynote speeches addressing the threats and opportunities of globalization. Over the following two days, delegates discuss global issues.
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20131005020313/http://www.tucsonnewsnow.com/story/11176945/global-creative-leadership-summit-to-address-the-challenges-and-opportunities-of-globalization
International conferences in the United States
CALinnovates is a nonpartisan technology advocacy coalition that addresses issues such as net neutrality, ride-sharing, music copyright and rate-setting.
It was founded in 2010 and is based in San Francisco, California. The organization's founder Lane Kasselman left shortly after founding the group to take a public relations job at AT&T.
References
External links
Montgomery, Mike Spending Quality Techy Time with Congresswoman Anna Eshoo, November 2012; ‘'The Huffingtonpost''
Organizations based in California
Saruq Rural District () may refer to:
Saruq Rural District (Markazi Province)
Saruq Rural District (West Azerbaijan Province)
Khudair Abdul Amir (1934-Present) is an Iraqi writer and novelist. Their novel Rumuzun ʿAṣriya (Modern Symbols) was chosen by the Arab Writers Union in the 20th century among the best 100 Arabic novels.
About The Author
Khudair Abdul Amir continued their secondary school studies in Baghdad. They published their first story in Al-Shaab newspaper in 1956. Also, they were employed in the department of imports, before moving to the ministry of communications. They also are a secretary for Al-Ṭaliʿa Magazine editorial from 1979-1984. They also are the magazine's editorial board director in 1984-1990. In 1993, they were a proof-reader in the department of general cultural affairs in Al-Aqlam magazine. Finally, they are a member of the Author and Writers Union in Iraq.
Their Works
Novels
Laisa Thimmatu Amalin Li Gilgamesh (There is No Hope for Gilgamesh) (1971)
Rumuzun ʿAṣriya (Modern Symbols) (1977)
Hatha Aj-Janibu Minal Madina (The Side of The City) (1984)
At-Ṭuruqul Muwḥesha (Savage Ways) (1999)
Ḥob Wa Ḥarb (Love and War) (2000)
Other Writings
Ḥamamu Al-Saʿada (Pigeon of Happiness) (Short story collection), 1964
Ar-Raḥil (The Leaving) (Short story collection), 1968
ʿAwdatul Rajulil Mahzuz (Return of The Shaken Man) (Short story collection), 1970
Kanat Hunaka Ḥikayatun (There Was A Tale) (Short story collection), 1974
Khayma Lil ʿAam Ḥasan (Uncle Hasan's Tent) (Short story collection), 1974
Al-Farrara (The Runaway) (Stories), 1979
Al-Layla Al-Oula Fi Bayti Nasr (The First Night at Nasr's House) (Fictional narratives), 1988
Nujumun Fi Samaa'il Nahar (Stars in The Morning Sky) (Stories), 1985
ʿĀshiqāni Min Baghdad (Two Lovers From Baghdad) (Stories), 1987
Al-Aswad Wal Abyad (Black and White) (Stories), 1990
Aṣ-Ṣilṣal (The Clay) (Short story collection), 1996
Al-Ashbaḥ (Ghosts) (Short story collection), 2001
Prizes & Awards
Arab Journalism Award from Arab Journalism Prize in the United Arab Emirates in 2015.
References
Arabic literature
Iraqi writers
Iraqi literature
The time-domain counterpart of spatial holography is called "Time-Domain Holography". In other words, the principles of spatial holography is surveyed in time domain. Time-domain holography was inspired by the theory known as "Space-Time Duality" which was introduced by Brian H. Kolner in 1994.
History
Holography was invented in 1948 by D.Gabor for increasing the resolution of Electron microscope. Even though their idea didn't get much attention because of the lack of a light source with a long coherent length, but after invention of the laser, it became an important and applicable method of coding. In 1969 S. A. AKHMANOV, pointed out the mathematical duality between the equations of paraxial (Fresnel) diffraction and narrow-band dispersion In their article "NONSTATIONARY PHENOMENA AND SPACE-TIME ANALOGY IN NONLINEAR OPTICS", which was about the second and third order nonlinear optical interactions. Finally, in 1994 Brian H.Kolner described this duality in detail in their "Space-Time Duality and the Theory of Temporal Imaging" article.
Space-Time Duality
The space-time duality establishes a direct relationship between the problems of paraxial diffraction and narrow-band dispersion. The electronic or magnetic equation of wave is constructed from the Maxwell's equation. For obtaining a general solution, the space-time evolution of an arbitrary waveform should be described, which is a hard task. Therefore, approximations are made in space or time domain. In other words, the space and time domain are treated individually by decreasing as much as possible the other domain's variations.
In space-domain, the wave is considered a monochrome, therefore it only has harmonic time variations ( and the paraxial approximation is considered as well. By solving the problem with the mentioned approximations a parabolic partial differential equation (PDE) is obtained for paraxial diffraction. In time-domain, a narrow band pulse is considered with an infinite plane wavefront. Using the mentioned approximations for narrow-band dispersion results in a parabolic partial differential equation. This duality can also be observed by plotting them in spatial and time frequency. For example, the paraxial diffraction in time frequency and narrow-band dispersion in spatial frequency are both delta functions. Describing the holography in time domain, opened door to new opportunities and applications. Particularly in coherent high-speed optical telecommunications.
Principles of Time-Domain Holography
For consistency, time-domain holography steps are referred to as the "recording process" and the "reconstruction process", even though they may not be the same as their spatial steps. Time-domain holography can be implemented in: (1) an electro-optical approach and (2) an all-optical approach.
Electro-Optical Approach
In the recording step, the complex amplitude information signal superposes with the reference signal (a continuous signal) in the optical coupler. In fact, the recording results are obtained at the exit of optical coupler. Then, a photo-diode takes this intensity and converts it to a current.
In the reconstruction step, the same reference signal enters the MachZehnder modulator (MZM), which is driven by a voltage v(t) proportional to the recorded intensity. In exact analogy with its spatial-domain counterpart the generated optical signal is composed of: (1) DC signal (2) Information Signal and (3) Conjugate of information signal. It is noteworthy to mention that the conjugate of a signal can be used for impairment compensation.
All-Optical Approach
The recording process is the same in both approaches. In all-optical approach no photo-diode is used, instead the resulting intensity is used as a pump in the Cross-Phase Modulation (XPM) process, which takes place in a highly nonlinear fiber (HNLF). MZM is not used as well. Simply put, Amplitude modulation of reference signal takes place in electro-optical reconstruction whereas phase modulation takes place in all-optical reconstruction.
Applications
Since time-domain holography allows the treatment of complex optical temporal information by using amplitude-only or phase-only-based modulation, any application requiring managing of complex-envelope signals can be signiﬁcantly simpliﬁed with this approach.
Three general applications are as follows:
Generation of complex temporal signal or its conjugate
The temporal hologram can be numerically designed by using a computer. By giving its results to an arbitrary waveform generator (AWG), an amplitude-only signal is generated which interferes with the reference signal in MZM and the signals are generated in the output. By placing a Band-Pass Filter we can get the desired signal. In short, by creating the temporal hologram numerically, the signal is generated in the circuit.
Three-Dimensional Storage
In spatial volume holograms, by using Bragg's formula, different holograms could be stored in one medium either in a constant angle and different wavelengths or by keeping the wavelengths constant and changing the angle. In the time domain, this medium can be partitioned into smaller parts and therefore a greater amount of information can be stored in it. This is obtained by giving a delay time between the object and the reference wave. By varying the delay time between the waves, they interfere in different longitudinal coordinates so the information is stored in different coordinates.
Phase Imaging
High-resolution amplitude and phase imaging can be obtained by using terahertz Pulse Time-Domain Holography (THz PTDH). The recording is done experimentally whereas the reconstruction can be done numerically. In this setup part of the femtosecond pulse is used as a probe, the other one is converted to THz pulse and by passing the object, the electrical field in the time domain is detected and recorded. By getting a Fourier-Transform THz spectra at every point of the wavefront is obtained (phase information is obtained). For reconstruction, this field should propagate to the object field. It is done by using the Transfer Function of Free Space. In other words, this part is done mathematically.
Time-Domain Holography has several advantages compared with Time-Domain Spectroscopy such as:
PTDH is realized in a collimated beam, which means that the object can be stationary placed at any position inside it.
Since after the beam is collimated, it goes straight to the detection stage, the reconstruction quality does not depend on optics used in the layout.
It is faster.
The achievable resolution is higher.
The disadvantage of PTDH compared to TDS is its higher Signal-to-Noise Ratio.
References
Holography
Nine Girls is a 1944 American mystery film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Ann Harding, Evelyn Keyes and Jinx Falkenburg. Karen DeWolf, Connie Lee, and Al Martin wrote the script, which was based on a play by Wilfred H. Petitt.
Police arrive at a cabin in the woods to investigate the murder of a snooty sorority sister on initiation night. It's raining too hard for anyone to leave, and panic sets in as the sorority sisters and their house mother begin to point fingers at one another.
Cast
Ann Harding as Gracie Thornton
Evelyn Keyes as Mary O'Ryan
Jinx Falkenburg as Jane Peters
Anita Louise as Paula Canfield
Leslie Brooks as Roberta Halloway
Lynn Merrick as Eve Sharon
Jeff Donnell as 'Butch' Hendricks
Nina Foch as Alice Blake
Shirley Mills as 'Tennessee' Collingwood
Marcia Mae Jones as Shirley Berke
Willard Robertson as Capt. Brooks
William Demarest as Walter Cummings
Lester Matthews as Horace Canfield
Grady Sutton as Photographer
References
Bibliography
Blottner, Gene. Columbia Noir: A Complete Filmography, 1940-1962. McFarland, 2015.
External links
1944 films
1944 mystery films
American mystery films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Leigh Jason
Films scored by John Leipold
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
2Blades is an agricultural phytopathology non-profit which performs research to improve durable genetic resistance in crops, and funds other researchers to do the same. 2Blades was co-founded by Dr. Roger Freedman and Dr. Diana Horvath in 2004.
Funding source
2Blades is partly funded by the Gatsby Charitable Foundation does its research at The Sainsbury Laboratory, among other locations . One co-founder, Chairman Roger Freedman also works for Gatsby, which was founded by Lord David Sainsbury. Freedman had pitched an idea to Sainsbury's venture capital company to begin investing in plant genetic engineering technologies, and although the board did so, they found someone else to lead it. Freedman had wanted to run it, but was told that was not for them by Sainsbury. Indeed, soon thereafter Sainsbury set up another early investment company specifically for Freedman and a colleague, and a separate non-profit for Freedman to grant money, both for plant science. The non-profit was 2Blades.
Research activities
2Blades routinely works in partnership with other crop disease organizations like CIMMYT and BGRI. The foundation also conducts research in partnerships with the industry, including with Bayer CropScience and Monsanto. The organisation's End the Blight campaign has been joined by CIP (the International Potato Center) and Chairman of Joseph P. Kennedy Enterprises Christopher Kennedy. This campaign is advancing research and delivering cultivars specifically for Phytophthora infestans in Africa. Mr Kennedy is chairperson of 2Blades African Potato Initiative which is funding the delivery of a Victoria-based cultivar to East African markets.
Crops and pathogens of research interest to the foundation include P. infestans on potato, rye, Phakopsora pachyrhizi on soybean, Puccinia graminis f. sp. tritici on wheat, and Fusarium oxysporum f.sp. cubense on Musa spp.
References
Bibliography of affiliated personnel
(ISNI 0000000134837464). BLDSC number: D1141/71. Jisc text ill. BL EThOS ID uk.bl.ethos.455951
PD ORCID 0000-0003-0620-5923 GS N3w9QUUAAAAJ RID D-1181-2009. RF ISNI 0000000134837464.
PD ORCID 0000-0003-0620-5923 GS N3w9QUUAAAAJ RID D-1181-2009. RF ISNI 0000000134837464.
Oadi N. Matny, Mehran Patpour, Ming Luo, Liqiong Xie, Soma Chakraborty, Aihua Wang, James A. Kolmer, Terese Richardson, Dhara Bhatt, Mohammad Hoque, Chris Sorenson, Burkhard Steuernagel, Brande B. H. Wulff, Narayana Upadhyaya, Rohit Mago, Sam Periyannan, Evans Lagudah, Roger Freedman (ISNI 0000000134837464), Lynne Reuber, Brian J. Steffenson, and Michael Ayliffe, A Wheat Multi-Transgene Cassette Provides Stem and Leaf Rust Resistance in the Field. In Plant and Animal Genome XXVIII Conference (January 11-15, 2020). PAG.
External links
Official website:
Phytopathology
Wheat diseases
Agronomy
Plant breeding
Genetic engineering and agriculture
Sailing at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 21 October to 25 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Medalists
Men
Women
Open
Medal table
Results
Men
Mistral light
21–25 October
Mistral heavy
21–25 October
RS:X
21–25 October
Women
Mistral
21–25 October
Open
Laser 4.7
21–25 October
Hobie 16
21–25 October
References
Official site
2008
2008 Asian Beach Games events
Asian Beach Games
Sailing competitions in Indonesia
Àlex Corretja and Juan Carlos Ferrero were the defending champions, but Corretja chose not to participate this year. Ferrero played alongside Andriy Medvedev, but lost to Sébastien Grosjean and Michaël Llodra in the final, 6−7(4−7), 5−7.
Draw
Final
Group A
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
Group B
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
References
Main Draw
Legends Under 45 Doubles
Jhalavarali (pronounced , meaning A moon with the sun's heat), is a ragam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 39th Melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 7th chakra Rishi. The mnemonic name is Rishi-Go. The mnemonic phrase is sa ra ga mi pa dha nu. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
(the notes in this scale : shuddha rishabham, shuddha gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kakali nishadham)
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the prati madhyamam equivalent of Ganamoorti, which is the 3rd melakarta.
Janya rāgams
Jhalavarali has a few janya rāgams (derived scale) associated with it, of which Varali is very popular. See List of janya rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with Jhalavarali.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Jhalavarali are:
Namami sri rama by Thyagaraja
Madhava dayya by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Anatha rakshaka by Thyagaraja
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Jhalavarali's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields no other melakarta rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the Rishi chakra (Salagam, Jalarnavam, Navaneetam, Pavani and Raghupriya being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1|to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other melakarta by definition.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Josh Grisetti (born December 1, 1981) is an American actor, director and author who works in theatre, television and film.
Early life
Grisetti was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up outside of Roanoke, Virginia. They attended high school at the North Carolina School of the Arts to graduate in 2000 with a diploma in Drama. They attended college at The Boston Conservatory where they graduated in 2004 with a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Musical Theatre.
Career
Broadway and Off-Broadway
Grisetti starred in the York Theatre's 2008-2009 musical adaption of Enter Laughing (originally titled So Long, 174th Street), garnering a Theatre World Award for "Outstanding Debut Performance" as well as Drama Desk, Outer Critics Circle, Lucille Lortel and Drama League Award nominations. Grisetti was supposed to have made their Broadway debut in the 2009–2010 season, starring as "Eugene Morris Jerome" in the Neil Simon revival of Broadway Bound, directed by David Cromer. Because of poor ticket sales, Broadway Bound'''s sister show (Brighton Beach Memoirs) closed just days after opening at the Nederlander Theatre, canceling Broadway Bound two weeks before its scheduled premiere.
Grisetti's actual Broadway debut took place in the original musical It Shoulda Been You in 2015, playing the role of Marty Kaufman. They received nominations from the Drama Desk Awards and the Outer Critics Circle for their performance, and won one of two 2015 Clarence Derwent Awards. They returned to Broadway in 2016 to replace John Cariani as Nigel Bottom in "Something Rotten!"
Television and film
In 2007, Grisetti starred in the short-lived ABC sitcom The Knights of Prosperity. On film, they have appeared in The Immigrant (2013 film), The Namesake (2007 film), and others. They also starred in two pilots for NBC, The Gates (2013) and Like Magic (2019), that were not ordered to series. IMDb.com, Josh Grisetti filmography.
Publishing
In February 2016, under their full name of Joshua Steven Grisetti, they published a memoir entitled God in my Head: the true story of an ex-Christian who accidentally met God. In this memoir, Grisetti claims they overdosed on pain medications while at their dentist's office and experienced a Near Death Experience in which God essentially explained to them the secrets of the Universe. These 'secrets' are New Age in orientation, similar to the writings of Eckhart Tolle (A New Earth) and William Young (The Shack). The book was originally self-published, but subsequently purchased by Tantor Media and republished as an audiobook.
Awards and nominations
Awards
2015 Clarence Derwent Awards for "Most Promising Male Actor" - It Shoulda Been You 2011 Garland Award for "Performance in a Musical" - How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying 2010 Los Angeles Ovation Award for "Lead Actor in a Musical" - How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying 2009 Theatre World Award for "Outstanding Broadway/Off-Broadway Debut" - Enter Laughing The Musical Nominations
2020 Los Angeles Ovation Award for "Featured Actor in a Musical" - Beauty and the Beast (musical) 2015 Drama Desk Award for "Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical" - It Shoulda Been You 2015 Outer Critics Circle Award for "Outstanding Featured Actor in a Musical" - It Shoulda Been You 2012 Clive Barnes Award "Theatre Finalist" - Enter Laughing:The Musical 2009 Lucille Lortel Award for "Outstanding Lead Actor" - Enter Laughing:The Musical 2009 Outer Critics Circle Award for "Outstanding Actor in a Musical" - Enter Laughing:The Musical 2009 Drama League Award for "Distinguished Performance" - Enter Laughing : The Musical 2009 Drama Desk Award for "Outstanding Actor in a Musical" - Enter Laughing: The Musical 2006 Carbonell Award for "Best Actor in a Musical" - Where's Charley?''
References
External links
Josh Grisetti at Internet Off-Broadway Database
of Josh Grisetti
1981 births
American male stage actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
Living people
Theatre World Award winners
Tick Tock () is a Pakistani computer animated film directed by Omar Hassan and written by Omair Alavi and Sana Tauseef. The film is produced by Sana Tauseef. The story follows history buffs Hassan and Daanya, who embark upon a time-travel adventure along with their teacher KK. The film casts Ahsan Khan, Alyy Khan and Maria Memon is the lead roles. The film was released on 23 March 2018 under the Hum Films Banner.
Plot
The story evolves into a fun-filled adventure as they meet the greatest heroes of Pakistani history and overcome all the negative forces to keep the timeline intact. Adventurous twists and turns packed with fun and action makes this movie a spellbinding and unique experience for kids.
Production Studio
The film is produced by S4 Solutions which is a media production house which is well known for pioneering marketing and musical events, recently it has won the 2016 Kara Film Award for its documentary 'Returning Home'.
Cast
Ahsan Khan
Alyy Khan
Maria Memon
Ghulam Mohiuddin
Release
The film was distributed by Hum Films and Eveready Studios throughout Pakistan on 23 March 2018; The film also had a TV Premiere on World TV on 9 September 2018.
See also
List of Pakistani animated films
List of Pakistani films of 2018
References
Pakistani animated films
Pakistani science fiction films
Hum films
George Johnson House, also known as White Castle House, is a historic home located at Lexington, Lafayette County, Missouri. It was built about 1894, and is a -story, Queen Anne style frame dwelling. It has a cross-gable plan and features a one-story, wraparound verandah. Also on the property is the contributing two-story building used as a summer kitchen and servant quarters. style
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1993.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Queen Anne architecture in Missouri
Houses completed in 1894
Houses in Lafayette County, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in Lafayette County, Missouri
Peter Goodwin is a British maritime historian and author, and the former Keeper and Curator of .
Biography
Peter Goodwin served in the Royal Navy in nuclear submarines, qualifying as a marine engineer. Subsequently, they worked in Glasgow as a consultant design engineer, before completing an MPhil at the Institute of Maritime Studies, at the University of St Andrews. As an article by Haley Storey explains, "Peter's interest in 18th century ship construction began when they were just eight years old and, like many boys their age, they enjoyed putting together wooden models".
Between 1991 and 2011, they were the Keeper and Curator of , HM Naval Base Portsmouth.
They have written eight books on ship construction and Britain's maritime heritage, specialising in the career and ships of Lord Nelson. Goodwin "is widely acknowledged as one of the leading writers on the sailing warship".
Of Nelson's Ships (2002), Nautical Magazine wrote "Superb description of life in the Georgian Navy… Compelling read recommended to everyone with an interest in naval history".
Goodwin's Nelson's Men O'War (2005), released to coincide with the bi-centenary of the Battle of Trafalgar, was written in conjunction with the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich.
Goodwin has also acted as a historical consultant, most notably on the 20th Century Fox film, Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World, inspired by Patrick O'Brian's series of Aubrey–Maturin novels, and the television adaptation of Hornblower, in which they made a brief cameo.
Bibliography
HMS Victory (2006)
The Ships of Trafalgar: The British, French and Spanish Fleets, October 1805, Conway Publishing (2005)
Nelson's Men O'War: The Illustrated Story of Life in Nelson's Navy, Andre Deutsch Ltd (2005)
The Bomb Vessel Granado, 1742: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway Publishing (2005)
Nelson's Victory: 101 Questions & Answers about HMS Victory, Nelson's Flagship at Trafalgar 1805, Conway Maritime Press (2004)
Nelson's Ships: A Comprehensive History of the Ships in Which They Served, 1771–1805, Stackpole Books (2002)
The Naval Cutter Alert, 1777: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway Maritime Press (1991)
The 20-Gun Ship Blandford: Anatomy of the Ship, Conway Maritime Press (1988)
The Construction and Fitting of the Sailing Man of War 1650–1850, Conway Maritime Press (1987)
References
Living people
British non-fiction writers
British curators
Royal Navy submariners
British naval historians
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
British male writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Male non-fiction writers
Massimo Di Deco is an Italian coxswain. They won a gold medal at the 1985 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Living people
Al-Malakut meaning Realm of Dominion (), also known as Hurqalya, is a proposed invisible realm, featuring in Islamic cosmology. The Quran speaks of "malakut al-samawat" (Kingdom of God), supposedly a realm close to God. The concept is attested by the writings of al-Ghazali (c. 1058–1111), but limited to epistemological categories of understanding metaphysical realities (spirits, heavens, etc.). Only centuries later, in particular with the Illuministic school of thought (Ishrāqi) and ibn Arabi (1165 – 1240), was it developed into a full ontological concept.
Malakut is sometimes used interchangeably with alam al-mithal, but otherwise distinguished from it as a realm between alam al-mithal and alam al-Jabarut. In this context, Malakut is a plane below the high angels, but higher than the plane where jinn and demons live. The higher realms are not spatially separated worlds but impinge the realms below.
Al-Ghazali
In their The Incoherence of the Philosophers, Ghazali rejects denial of bodily resurrection, as proposed by some Muslim philosophers (like ibn Sina). Still, it seems al-Ghazali adapts some of their ideas. They seem to agree that pleasure and punishment after death is not on equal with bodily experience. Instead, afterlife unfolds in a dream-like state. However, the deceased will enjoy or suffer as if it were reality, since they won't wake up. In The Revival of the Religious Sciences Ghazali explains that in the world after death (malakut), like a dreamer truly sees the things in their dream, the deceased will see the images deriving from their soul after death and thus suffer just as much as a human awake.
Al-Ghazali draws a sharp distinction between the alam al-mulk ("World of Dominion") and the malakut ("World of Sovereignty"). The first is a sensual world of here and now, while the latter an intelligible everlasting world over which God presides, jinn (angels and devils) dwell, and revelation originates. The sensual world appears to be for al-Ghazali mere delusion, and a shadow of the real (haqq) world, which is malakut. This is comparable to the Quranic divide into dunya (world) and akhira (afterlife).
Suhrawardi and the Imaginal Realm
Shahab al-Din Yahya ibn Habash Suhrawardi (1154–1191) draws upon a similar divide of the world into a sensual and an intelligible one, however adds a third layer, alam al-Jabarut ("World of Might") in which God God resides. In the intermediate sphere of malakut reside the angels and postmortem souls of humans. Although generally a deficit source of knowledge, imagination allows people to access some insights into the other world. According to Suhrawardi, after death, souls are attached to celestial bodies, which allows them to activate their imagination and experience of pain and pleasure. Contrary to ibn Sina's view, afterlife doesn't depend entirely on intellectual efforts, but also on imaginative faculties. While perfected souls join themselves with pure light of malakut, common people enter alam al-muthal ("World of suspended images). From the souls of the unfortunate, jinn and demons (div) derive. These lower souls dwell in a world without existence in a conventional sense, but comparable to a mirror.
Suhrawardi's "realm of suspended images" was developed by Al-Shahrazuri into the concept of alam al-mithal ("world of images") becoming a third realm between the sensible and the intelligible world. The world of images would be filled with layers of paradise, hell, and the people therein. Mulla Sadra, a Shia philosopher and theologian from the 16th century, conjectured that, like ibn Sina and al-Suhrawardi before him, souls in the otherworld create their own paradise and hell, depending on their imaginative faculties.
Some Shi'i authors refer to alam al-mithal as a continent named Hurqalya. Hurqalya is supposed to lie beyond Mount Qaf, the boarder of the known world, and is identical with the barzakh in Shaykh Ahmad's cosmological system.
The Imaginal Realm is considered to be a realm where all ideas, thoughts and actions are manifested, including supernatural experiences. Henry Corbin argued that alam al-mithal does not consist of images constructed by the mind, but the imaginative faculties unveil a hidden reality within the imaginal realm.
During sleep, the soul (nafs), is supposed to visit the imaginal realm in dreams.
See also
Jabulqa and Jabulsa
Malkuth
Sufi cosmology
Yetzirah
References
Philosophy of religion
Mythological places
Islamic cosmology
Islamic terminology
Josephine Mathias (born 16 December 1999) is a Nigerian women's football midfielder, who played in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Trabzon İdmanocağı with jersey number 16.
Mathias played in their country for Nasarawa Amazons. By March 2018, they moved to Turkey and joined Trabzon İdmanocağı to play in the 2017-18 Turkish Women's First Football League. They capped six times in total, and left the team after thet were relegated to the Women's Second League. Returned to Nigeria, they signed first with Rivers Angels, and transferred then to their former club to Nasarawa Amazons.
They were a member of the Nigeria women's national football team at the 2020 CAF Women's Olympic Qualifying Tournament matches between August and October 2019.
References
Living people
1999 births
People from Kaduna
Nigerian women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Nigeria women's international footballers
Nigerian expatriates in Turkey
Expatriate women's footballers in Turkey
Trabzon İdmanocağı women's players
Nasarawa Amazons F.C. players
Rivers Angels F.C. players
Pseudophilotes abencerragus, the false baton blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on the Iberian Peninsula and in North Africa, Egypt, Israel, Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. It is very like Pseudophilotes baton but the reddish yellow submarginal band is absent from the hindwing beneath, the underside of the hindwing purer in tint, more pale dust-grey, with the ocelli distinct but very thin; the upperside very uniform in colour.
Adults are on wing from April to May.
The larvae feed on Cleonia lusitanica, Thymus vulgaris, Medicago cf. turbinata, Medicago hispidus, Thymus cf. hirtus, Salvia taraxacifolia and Thymus fontanesii.
Subspecies
Pseudophilotes abencerragus abencerragus
Pseudophilotes abencerragus felix Manil, 2006 (Morocco)
Pseudophilotes abencerragus nabataeus (Graves, 1925) (Saudi Arabia, northern Sinai, the Negev, Jordan)
References
Butterflies described in 1837
Polyommatini
Demonstration Hall is a structure on the campus of Michigan State University. It was built in 1928 with offices, classrooms, and a riding arena for the Military Science department as a replacement for the Armory (built 1885, razed 1939). Exhibitions of agricultural stock and implements were held here, as well as athletic events. It served as the home court for the Michigan State Spartans men's basketball team from 1930 to 1940, and the ice rink for the Michigan State Spartans men's ice hockey team from 1949 until Munn Ice Arena was completed in 1974.
Today it continues to act as a drill hall for ROTC as well as providing rehearsal space and equipment storage for the Spartan Marching Band. The Bike Project is housed in the basement. Additionally, the arena that formerly held an ice rink now holds an indoor hard rink, used for both rollerhockey and indoor soccer.
Demonstration Hall is located at the south end of Demonstration Field, home to the practices of the Spartan Marching Band. Demonstration Field also plays host to the Sparty Spring Party, hosted each spring by the University Activities Board and Residence Halls Association. During Sparty Spring Party, the field is often the site of a large outdoor concert. The stage faces north, which allows the backstage area to connect to Demonstration Hall, and allows rooms in the hall to be used by artists and workers, and can serve as a green room.
The north end of Demonstration Field is home to The Spartan. Demonstration Hall serves as the backdrop for most views and pictures of the statue. When the statue area was reconstructed in 2005, the old checkered windows on the north side of Demonstration Hall were replaced with matching glass so that the building was a more aesthetically pleasing backdrop to the new statue. In 2008 the building's multipurpose room was renovated into a marching band rehearsal space called Band Hall.
References
External links
MSU Army ROTC - Spartan Battalion
M.A.C. — Armory Building
Michigan State University campus
Michigan State Spartans basketball venues
University and college academic buildings in the United States
College ice hockey venues in the United States
Michigan State Spartans ice hockey
This is a list of television serial dramas released by TVB in 2018, including highest-rated television dramas and award ceremonies.
Top ten drama series in ratings
The following is a list of TVB's top serial dramas in 2018 by viewership ratings. The recorded ratings include premiere week, final week, finale episode, and the average overall count of live Hong Kong viewers (in millions).
Awards
First line-up
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:00pm to 8:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Second line-up
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:30pm to 9:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Third line-up
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 9:30pm to 10:30pm, Monday to Friday on Jade.
Weekend dramas
These dramas air in Hong Kong from 8:30pm to 10:30pm, with two back-to-back episodes Sunday on Jade.
Starting in 30 July 2018 until 3 August 2018 from Monday thru Friday at 9:30 pm to 10:30 pm only on Jade.
Notes
Come with Me 性在有情; Released June 5, 2016. Copyright notice: 2016.
References
External links
TVB.com Official Website
2018
2018 in Hong Kong television
Social interface is a concept from social science (particularly, media ecology (Marshall McLuhan) and sociology of technology).
It can be approached from a theoretical or a practical perspective.
As a concept of social interface theory, social interface is defined by Norman Long (1989, 2001). In 2001 their revised definition was:
In other words, interfaces are the areas in which social friction can be experienced and where diffusion of new technology is leading to structural discontinuities (which can be both positive or negative), the interface is where they will occur. Long continues to say that:
Identifying these interfaces and analyzing their effects shows how they are changed by everyday life, and how in return everyday life is changed by the interfaces.
As practical concept of social interface design, social interface is seen in the studies of human-computer interaction (in particular, its computer interface aspect). The basic thesis is that where a computer interface is more akin to another human, it can facilitate correct responses from users during human-to-computer interaction. Software that can provide such humanizing cues often does it by creating interface with human-like quality (such as giving recognizable gender to a software agent). Studies are often concerned with how should such agents (like the Microsoft Agent) be designed to make them more appealing (is having facial expressions efficient, should the agent be anthropomorphic, and so on).
See also
Interactivity
Notes
External links
Michael Feldstein: "A Different Take on Social Interfaces"
social interface theory
Sociological theories
User interfaces
Jejunoileal bypass (JIB) was a surgical weight-loss procedure performed for the relief of morbid obesity from the 1950s through the 1970s in which all but 30 cm (12 in) to 45 cm (18 in) of the small bowel were detached and set to the side.
Many complications that followed jejunoileal bypass operations were caused by bacterial overgrowth in the excluded blind loop. The arthritis-dermatitis syndrome was one of the common distressing disorders. The pathogenetic mechanism was thought to be an immune-complex-mediated process related to bypass enteritis.
Problems
Two variants of jejunoileal anastomosis were developed, the end-to-side and end-to end anastomoses of the proximal jejunum to distal ileum. In both instances an extensive length of small intestine was bypassed, not excised, excluding it from the alimentary stream.
In both these variants a total of only about 45 cm (18 in) of normally absorptive small intestine was retained in the absorptive stream, compared with the normal length of approximately 7 metres (20 ft). In consequence, malabsorption of carbohydrate, protein, lipids, minerals and vitamins inevitably occur. Where the end-to-side technique was used, reflux of bowel content back up the defunctionalized small intestine allowed absorption of some of the refluxed material, resulting in less weight loss initially and greater subsequent weight regain.
Bile is secreted by the liver, enters the upper small intestine by way of the bile duct, and is absorbed in the small intestine. Bile has an important role in fat digestion, emulsifying fat as the first stage in its digestion. Bypassing the major site of bile acid reabsorption in the small intestine therefore further reduces fat and fat-soluble vitamin absorption. As a result, huge amounts of fatty acids, which are normally absorbed in the small intestine, enter the colon, where they cause irritation of the colon wall and the secretion of excessive volumes of water and electrolytes, especially sodium and potassium, leading to diarrhea. This diarrhea is the major patient complaint and has characterized jejunoileal bypass in the minds of patient and physician alike since the procedure was introduced.
Bile salts help to keep cholesterol in solution in the bile. Following JIB, the bile salt pool is decreased as a consequence of reduced absorption in the small intestine and bile salt losses in the stool. The relative cholesterol concentration in gallbladder bile rises and cholesterol crystals precipitate in the gallbladder bile, forming a nidus for development of cholesterol gallstones in the gallbladder. Specific vitamin deficiencies also occur; Vitamin D and Calcium deficiencies lead to thinning of bone with bone pain and fractures as a result of osteoporosis and osteomalacia. Bypass of the terminal ileum, which is the specific site of vitamin B12 absorption, leads to Vitamin B12 deficiency with a specific peripheral neuropathy. Vitamin A deficiency can induce night blindness. Calcium oxalate renal stones occur commonly following JIB, along with increased colonic absorption of oxalate. The colonic absorption of oxalate has been attributed to:
Exposure of colonic mucosa to excessive bile salts and possibly bile acids, increasing colonic permeability to oxalate, or
Excessive quantities of fatty acids in the gut form soaps with calcium, reducing its availability to form insoluble calcium oxalate leading to the persistence of soluble and absorbable oxalate in the colon.
Patients with intestinal bypass develop diarrhea 4–6 times daily, the frequency of stooling varying directly with fat intake. There is a general tendency for stooling to diminish with time, as the short segment of small intestine remaining in the alimentary stream increases in size and thickness, developing its capacity to absorb calories and nutrients, thus producing improvement in the patients' nutrition and counterbalancing the ongoing weight loss. This happy result does not occur in every patient, but approximately one-third of those undergoing "intestinal bypass" have a relatively benign course. Unfortunately, even this group is at risk of significant late complications, many patients developing irreversible hepatic cirrhosis several years after the procedure.
Complications
JIB is the classic example of a malabsorptive weight loss procedure. Some modern procedures utilize a lesser degree of malabsorption combined with gastric restriction to induce and maintain weight loss. Any procedure involving malabsorption must be considered at risk to develop at least some of the malabsorptive complications exemplified by JIB. The multiple complications associated with JIB while considerably less severe than those associated with Jejunocolic anastomosis, were sufficiently distressing both to the patient and to the medical attendant to cause the procedure to fall into disrepute.
Listing of jejuno-ileal bypass complications:
Mineral and electrolyte imbalance:
Decreased serum sodium, potassium, magnesium and bicarbonate
Decreased sodium chloride
Osteoporosis and osteomalacia secondary to protein depletion, calcium and vitamin D loss, and acidosis
Protein calorie malnutrition:
Hair loss, anemia, edema, and vitamin depletion
Cholelithiasis
Enteric complications:
Abdominal distension, irregular diarrhea, increased flatus, pneumatosis intestinalis, colonic pseudo-obstruction, bypass enteropathy, volvulus with mechanical small bowel obstruction
Extra-intestinal manifestations:
Arthritis
Severe pain issues that are not fully understood
Liver disease, occurs in at least 30%
Acute liver failure may occur in the postoperative period, and may lead to death acutely following surgery.
Steatosis, "alcoholic" type hepatitis, cirrhosis, occurs in 5%, progresses to cirrhosis and death in 1-2%
Erythema nodosum, non-specific pustular dermatosis
Weber–Christian disease
Some of these features may coincide in bowel-associated dermatosis-arthritis syndrome.
Renal disease:
Hyperoxaluria, with oxalate stones or interstitial oxalate deposits, immune complex nephritis, "functional" renal failure.
Miscellaneous:
Peripheral neuropathy, pericarditis, pleuritis, hemolytic anemia, neutropenia, and thrombocytopenia
The multiple complications associated with JIB led to a search for alternative procedures, one of which was gastric bypass, a procedure that is described in detail later. In 1983 Griffen et al. reported a comprehensive series comparing the results of jejuno-ileal bypass with gastric bypass. 11 of 50 patients who underwent JIB required conversion to gastric bypass within 5 years, leading Griffen to abandon jejuno-ileal bypass.
JIB can be summed up as having: a. Good Weight Loss, b. Malabsorption with multiple deficiencies, c. Diarrhea, d. Severe Pain Issues That are not fully understood, e. Possible Death
As a consequence of all these complications, jejuno-ileal bypass is no longer a recommended bariatric surgical procedure. Indeed, the current recommendation for anyone who has undergone JIB, and still has the operation intact, is to strongly consider having it taken down and converted to one of the gastric restrictive procedures.
References
External links
Brief History and Summary of Bariatric Surgery
Apparatus and methods for treatment of morbid obesity
Dr. Michael P. Choi: Premier Bariatric Surgeon
JIB (intestinal bypass) Experience
Bariatrics
Digestive system surgery
Auriea Harvey and Michaël Samyn are two artists who collaborate on creating art video games. Auriea Harvey is a Professor for Games at the Kunsthochschule Kassel.
Early life
Auriea Harvey is an American artist who was born in Indianapolis in 1971. During their high school years, they developed an interest in sketching and painting. While at Parsons School of Design University, they created art using Photoshop and experimented with different materials. Originally wanting to study painting, they ultimately studied sculpture. They graduated with a B.F.A. in sculpture from Parsons School of Design. Michaël Samyn is a Belgian artist and programmer who was born in 1968 in Poperinge, Belgium.
Career
In 1995 Harvey founded Entropy8, a website experimenting with interactivity and the functions of net art. In 1999, they merged their site with Zuper, by fellow artist and designer Michaël Samyn (whom they subsequently married) to create Entropy8Zuper!. During this period, they created works such as The Godlove Museum, a website that showcased their storytelling strengths by merging Biblical stories with narratives drawn from their own lives and contemporary culture. Harvey has also designed websites for Virgin Records America and PBS.
Harvey and Samyn left net.art for videogames in the early 2000s, when they felt that the web was becoming too much like a shopping mall. In 2002, they founded Tale of Tales, an independent game development studio in Ghent, Belgium, with the goal of creating games of greater emotional engagement and imaginative richness than the kinds of things that were being made for the then-major demographic of teenage boys. For a while Auriea was living in New York and Michaël in Belgium, and during this period they created Wirefire, a multimedia software interface that allowed them to communicate in a way that they considered less predictable and more creative than either chat or video (and less damned painful!).
Harvey and Samyn work as a team, although each has areas of specialization: Harvey in computer graphics and 3D modeling, Samyn in programming and sound. Together they have produced eight artvideogames including Fatale, The Graveyard, The Path, and The Endless Forest. They have become known for a distinctive visual style and unusual approaches to both narrative and game play.
In 2015 the pair gave up on videogames to devote the rest of their lives to art. Their first post-games project is Cathedral-in-the-Clouds.
In 2016, Harvey developed an interest in 3D printing. Because of their passion for creating 3d models for video games, they were able to combine it with Virtual reality installations.
Games
The Graveyard is a simple video game in which the player takes on the role of an old woman in a graveyard who walks around before eventually leaving. In the full version of the game, there is a small chance that the old woman will die before leaving.
The Path was inspired by some versions of the fairy tale Little Red Ridinghood. Players must choose 1 of 6 sisters as an avatar and make their way to their grandmother's house. If they wander off the path, they will encounter the Wolf and the phase of the game that takes place once the player reaches the grandmother's house changes substantially. When all 6 sister characters have been played to the point of encountering the Wolf, a seventh character becomes playable: a mysterious little girl in a white dress. For this video game Harvey modeled and experimented with polygons using a game engine.
The Endless Forest is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game without set goals, in which all the players exist as deer in a quiet forest. Players are represented in game not by usernames but by icons of their deer avatars. They may not communicate with each other using language (text or voice) but instead must interact with each other through the deer's body language. A unique feature of this game is that it can be played as a screensaver when users are not active on their computers.
Harvey and Samyn's most recent game, Sunset (2015) has players in a fictional South American city that is in the midst of a revolution. Unlike many games, the player is not a warrior or a savior but a housekeeper, a strategy that focuses attention on the difficult lives of civilians under conditions of war. The protagonist of the game is Angela Burnes, an African-American engineer who emigrated from the United States to the fictional South American town of San Bavón in the republic of Anchuria in search of a good life and instead wound up cleaning the ultra-modernist penthouse of a wealthy man in a war zone. The game takes place in the 1970s, and the artwork for the game is sparely minimalist. As a housekeeper, the player is kept inside the apartment and allowed to carry out mostly small actions that don't seem to hold out much promise of changing things: writing notes, for example, or switching the employer's radio station to a pirate channel. The team funded the game partially through a Kickstarter campaign.
Exhibitions
The earliest public release of Harvey's work was in 1999 when they participated in Gallery 9, an online gallery of the Walker Art Center. In 2000, they exhibited in "The Last Real Net Art Museum", an online exhibition focusing on internet art. Since then they and Samyn have appeared in various exhibitions such as the Absolut L.A. International Biennial, 010101 (SFMOMA), ALT+CTRL Festival of Independent and Alternative Games (Beall Center, Irvine, CA), Tardis (Provincial Archeological Museum, Belgium), Edge Conditions (San Jose Museum of Art), WoW (Laguna Art Museum), Art History of Games (High Museum of Art), and the Neoludica Biennial (Venice, Italy). The team's awards include the Emerging Grant (1999), SFMOMA Prize for Excellence in Online Art (2000), the European Innovative Games Award (2008), the Creative Capital Emerging Fields Award (2006) and the Advanced Prize in Innovative Game Design (2010).
Publications
Harvey, Auriea, and Michaël Samyn. "Realtime art manifesto." Gaming realities: the challenge of digital culture, mediaterra festival of Art and Technology, Athens (2006).
Harvey, Auriea, and Michael Samyn. "Over games." SMARTech website, Georgia Institute of Technology (2010).
References
External links
Auriea Harvey's website
Entropy8Zuper! website
Tale of Tales website
1971 births
1968 births
Artists from Indianapolis
Belgian artists
Parsons School of Design alumni
Video game artists
Living people
African-American artists
People from Poperinge
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Valisdeh (, also Romanized as Valīsdeh and Velīsdeh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 517, in 136 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Ruehssia is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae. It is also in the Asclepiadoideae subfamily and Marsdenieae tribe.
Its native range is tropical and subtropical South America. It is found in Argentina (north-eastern and north-western), Belize, Bolivia, Brazil (north, north-eastern, south, south-eastern and west-central), Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, French Guiana, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, the Leeward Islands, Mexico (north-eastern, south-eastern and south-western), Nicaragua, Panamá, Paraguay, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, Uruguay, Venezuela and the Windward Islands.
The genus name of Ruehssia is in honour of Carl Andreas Rühsz (1805–1880), the German consul in Puerto Cabello, Venezuela. They were a supporter of art and science.
It was first described and published in Verh. Vereins Beförd. Gartenbaues Königl. Preuss. Staaten Vol.19 on page 304 in 1849.
Known species
According to Kew;
A recently published Puerto Rican endemic plant species, Ruehssia woodburyana has not yet been accepted by Kew, it is listed as Critically Endangered (CR), based on Criteria C2a(i)+D, according to the IUCN Red List.
References
Apocynaceae genera
Plants described in 1849
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Central America
Flora of the Caribbean
Flora of northern South America
Flora of western South America
Flora of Brazil
Flora of Northeast Argentina
Flora of Northwest Argentina
Flora of Paraguay
Flora of Uruguay
Asclepiadoideae
Taxa named by Gustav Karl Wilhelm Hermann Karsten
Kyaukme Township is a township of Kyaukme District in the Shan State of eastern Burma (Myanmar). The principal town and administrative center is Kyaukme. The only other town is Mongngaw (Mongngawt) located in the northeast corner of the township.
References
External links
"Kyaukme Google Satellite Map" Maplandia World Gazetteer
"Kyaukme Township - Shan State" Map, 14 June 2010, Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Townships of Shan State
Gaane Ki Aane is a 2016 Indian Assamese language musical romance film directed by Rajesh Jashpal. It stars Zubeen Garg and Parineeta Borthakur in the lead roles.
The story of the movie is inspired by the 1973 Hindi film Abhimaan starring Amitabh Bachchan.
Synopsis
The story is about a musical superstar Nilabh Jonak Baruah, played by Zubeen Garg, and their love and challenges.
Cast
Zubeen Garg as Nilabh Jonak Baruah
Parineeta Borthakur as Madhumita
Rimpi Das as Rani
Hiranya Deka as Hiru 'HD' Das
Rajesh Jashpal as Rani's brother
Rina Bora as Nilabh's grandmother
Nipon Goswami as Mr. Benerjee
Production
The Film is produced by Gautam Chakrabortty, Sunil Gogoi & Rajesh Jashpal under the banner of 'Raga Films' .and It's declared a disaster in box office in peoples republic of assam
Soundtrack
The music of Gaane Ki Aane is composed by Zubeen Garg. Lyrics are by Zubeen Garg, Sasanka Samir and Hiren Bhattacharya. Apart from Zubeen Garg singers like Zublee, Parineeta, Mahalaxmi, Anindita & Madhusmita have rendered their voices in the beautiful tracks.
References
External links
Films set in Assam
Assamese-language remakes of Hindi films
2010s Assamese-language films
Springfield Rifle is an American Western film directed by Andre DeToth and released by Warner Bros. Pictures in 1952. The film is set during the American Civil War and stars Gary Cooper, with Phyllis Thaxter and Lon Chaney Jr.
It is described as "essentially an espionage thriller that pits a Union intelligence officer (Gary Cooper) against a Confederate spy ring."
Plot
A Confederate spy has been informing rustlers about the timing and route of horse herds being driven by the Union Army, enabling the herds to be seized. Charged with cowardice when they abandon such a herd in the face of greater numbers, Major Lex Kearney is drummed out of the Union Army with a dishonorable discharge. Their disgrace is complete, with wife Erin even informing them that their ashamed son has run away. What no one knows is that Kearney has accepted a fake discharge so they can carry out a top-secret assignment to go undercover to find the rustlers and the spy who has been giving them the information. A shipment of the new rapid loading Springfield rifles arrives, providing an opportunity.
Cast (in credited order)
Gary Cooper as Major Alex 'Lex' Kearney
Phyllis Thaxter as Erin Kearney
David Brian as Austin McCool
Paul Kelly as Lt. Col. John Hudson
Philip Carey as Capt. Tennick
Lon Chaney, Jr. as Pete Elm
James Millican as Matthew Quint
Guinn 'Big Boy' Williams as Sgt. Snow
Alan Hale Jr. as Mizzell
Martin Milner as Pvt. Olie Larsen
Wilton Graff as Col. George SharpeRest
Fess Parker (uncredited) as Confederate Sergeant Jim Randolph
Reception
The film was not well received by critics. Jeffrey Meyers noted that Cooper's career went down hill in the early 1950s, until High Noon opened in 1952, and labelled Springfield Rifle a "mediocre" western.
Rebecca Fish Ewan called the film "confusing" and said that Cooper looked "ever perplexed".
New York magazine said "even Cooper can't keep this film from being just another ho-hum Western."
However, New York Life described it as an "exciting military melodrama of espionage and counterespionage in a frontier fort."
References
External links
1952 films
1952 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Western (genre) cavalry films
Films shot in Lone Pine, California
Films directed by Andre DeToth
Films scored by Max Steiner
American Civil War spy films
Films set in 1864
1950s English-language films
1950s American films
Randolph County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 30,163. Its county seat is Chester.
Owing to its role in the state's history, the county motto is "Where Illinois Began." It contains the historically important village of Kaskaskia, Illinois's first capital.
The county is part of Southern Illinois in the southern portion of the state known locally as "Little Egypt", and includes fertile river flats, part of the American Bottom; it is near the Greater St. Louis area.
History
Randolph County was organized in 1795 out of a part of St. Clair County. It was named in honor of Edmund Randolph, Governor of Virginia. George Rogers Clark of the army of Virginia captured the area from the British on July 4, 1778, near the end of the Revolutionary War. The area then became the seat, for several years, of Illinois County, Virginia, although the Congress of the Confederation legislated the existence of the Northwest Territory on July 13, 1787. Edmund Randolph was Governor of Virginia at the time Virginia ceded the Northwest Territory to the United States. In 1809, when Illinois became a separate territory, Territorial Secretary Nathaniel Pope, in their capacity as acting governor, issued a proclamation establishing Randolph as one of the Illinois' two original counties. The county's boundaries were last changed in 1827, when land was taken to form Perry County.
The Mississippi River has played a prominent role in the county's history, altering its boundaries in 1881 when it severed the isthmus that connected Kaskaskia to the Illinois mainland, destroying the original village of Kaskaskia and forcing its historic cemetery to be relocated across the river to Fort Kaskaskia. Crains Island , southeast of Chester, is another enclave of Illinois west of the Mississippi that was created by a change in the river's course.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.6%) is water.
The Kaskaskia River flows into the Mississippi River in Randolph County. At this point the Mississippi, which usually defines the border between Illinois and Missouri, is entirely in Illinois. The Mississippi changed its course in the late-nineteenth century, leaving Kaskaskia, the former state capital, on the west side of the river. The boundary of the State, however, follows the old course of the river, leaving Illinois with an exclave on the western shore of the Mississippi River. A smaller enclave, Crains Island, is a few miles further down the river.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Chester have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in July 2012. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 13
Illinois Route 150
Illinois Route 153
Illinois Route 154
Illinois Route 155
Illinois Route 159
Adjacent counties
Monroe County (northwest)
St. Clair County (north)
Washington County (northeast)
Perry County (east)
Jackson County (southeast)
Perry County, Missouri (south)
Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri (southwest)
Randolph County is among the few counties in the United States to border two counties with the same name (Perry County in Missouri and Illinois).
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 33,476 people, 12,314 households, and 8,188 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,707 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.6% white, 9.7% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.2% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 40.3% were German, 11.3% were Irish, 9.4% were English, and 5.7% were American.
Of the 12,314 households, 29.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 10.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.5% were non-families, and 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 41.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,020 and the median income for a family was $55,113. Males had a median income of $43,359 versus $28,376 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,950. About 7.0% of families and 10.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.9% of those under age 18 and 9.9% of those age 65 or over.
Government and infrastructure
The Illinois Department of Corrections Menard Correctional Center is located in Chester. Prior to the January 11, 2003 commutation of death row sentences, male death row inmates were housed in Menard, Tamms, and Pontiac correctional centers. After that date, only Pontiac continued to host the male death row.
Politics
Randolph is a rural conservative county in southern Illinois that has trended Republican since 2000 in presidential elections.
Media
There are two AM radio stations licensed in the county — WHCO 1230AM in Sparta and KSGM 980AM in Chester.
Weekly newspapers in the county are The Randolph County Herald Tribune located in Chester, The County Journal, which is based in Percy and also covers Perry and Jackson Counties, the North County News in Red Bud, and the Sparta News-Plaindealer.
The area is also served by the on-line newspaper based in Chester which is SunTimesNews.com
Communities
Cities
Chester
Red Bud
Sparta
Villages
Baldwin
Coulterville
Ellis Grove
Evansville
Kaskaskia
Percy
Prairie du Rocher
Rockwood
Ruma
Steeleville
Tilden
Unincorporated communities
Blair
Bremen
Dozaville
Eden
Fort Gage
Grigg
Houston
Leanderville
Marigold
Menard
Modoc
New Palestine
Prairie
Preston
Reily Lake
Schuline
Shiloh Hill
Walsh
Welge
Wine Hill
Forts
Fort de Chartres
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Randolph County, Illinois
References
External links
KBDZ 93.1 FM Radio
KSGM AM 980 Radio
Randolph County Government
SunTimesNews.com
Randolph County Herald-Tribune
North County News
Sparta News-Plaindealer
1795 establishments in the Northwest Territory
Illinois counties
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Southern Illinois
Populated places established in 1795
Psycho () is a Russian drama series directed by Fyodor Bondarchuk. The project is being produced by NMG Studio and Videoprokat Studio. The series became one of the original projects in the more originals line.
The series premiered on November 5, 2020 on the online service more.tv.
Cast
Konstantin Bogomolov as Oleg
Elena Lyadova as Vera
Roza Khairullina as Kira, Oleg's mother
Vladimir Simonov as Nikolay Stepanovich
Igor Vernik as Artyom
Marina Aleksandrova as Sasha, Artyom's wife
Anna Chipovskaya as Lena
Alexander Gorchilin as Kostya, Vera's boyfriend
Oleg Menshikov as Igor
Yuliya Aug as Nadenka
References
External links
2020s Russian television series
2020 Russian television series debuts
Films directed by Fedor Bondarchuk
Russian drama television series
Russian LGBT-related television shows
Russian-language television shows
Films about psychiatry
Psychotherapy in fiction
Pukarani (Aymara pukara fortress, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with a fortress", Hispanicized spelling Pocarani) is mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It lies in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the north of the Turco Municipality. Pukarani is situated northeast of the volcanic complex of Asu Asuni and Milluni and east of Chunkarani.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Mateo Valero Cortés (born 1952 in Alfamén) is a Spanish computer architect. Their research encompasses different concepts within the field of computer architecture, a discipline in which they have published more than 700 papers in journals, conference proceedings and books. Valero has received numerous awards, including the Eckert–Mauchly Award in 2007, for "extraordinary leadership in building a world class computer architecture research center, for seminal contributions in the areas of vector computing and multithreading, and for pioneering basic new approaches to instruction-level parallelism."  They are the director of the Barcelona Supercomputing Center, which hosts the MareNostrum supercomputer.
Biography
Valero graduated in Telecommunications Engineering from the Polytechnical University of Madrid (UPM) in 1974 and got their Ph.D. in Telecommunications Engineering from the Polytechnical University of Catalonia (UPC). Among other awards recognising their achievements, Valero has won the prestigious IEEE-Computer Society Eckert-Mauchly Award – the highest international honour in the field of computer architecture – ‘for extraordinary leadership in building a world class computer architecture research center, for seminal contributions in the areas of vector computing and multithreading, and for pioneering basic new approaches to instruction-level parallelism'.
In 2017, Valero won the Charles Babbage award for parallel computing for their “contributions to parallel computation through brilliant technical work, mentoring PhD students, and building on incredibly productive European research environment" and in 2015 the Seymour Cray award for supercomputing ‘in recognition of seminal contributions to vector, out-of-order, multithreaded, and VLIW (Very Long Instruction Word) architectures'. They have also been presented with the Goode award (2009), again for their contributions to vector, out-of-order, multithreaded, and VLIW architectures; the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Distinguished Service Award 'for extraordinary leadership of initiatives in high-performance computing research and education'; the Julio Rey Pastor Spanish National Research Award in Mathematics, Information and Communication Technology (2001); the Leonardo Torres Quevedo Spanish National Research Award in Engineering (2006); and the Rey Jaime I Award for fundamental research (1997).
Valero has combined their academic work with establishing and managing centres for high-performance computing research and technology transfer to businesses.
Between 1990 and 1995, they first established and then directed the Barcelona European Parallelism Centre (CEPBA, after its initials in Spanish) to carry out fundamental and applied research in parallel computing.
From 1995 to 2000, they were the director of C4, the Catalan Computing and Communications Centre, coordinating activities carried out by CEPBA and the Catalan Supercomputing Centre (CESCA, after its initials in Catalan).
From October 2000 until 2004, they were the director of CIRI, the CEPBA-IBM Research Institute on parallel computers.
Since May 2004 they have been the founder and director of Barcelona Supercomputing Center, which today numbers over 300 expert researchers in high-performance computing.
At these centres they have worked to drive forward different supercomputing networks both nationally and internationally, such as the Spanish Supercomputing Network (RES, after its initials in Spanish), the Partnership for Advanced Computing in Europe (PRACE) and the Latin American Supercomputing Network (RISC, after its initials in Spanish).
In 2013 they won a European Research Council Advanced Grant to carry out the RoMoL project on new techniques to build multicore chips and the supercomputers of the future.
Awards and honours
Individual:
2020: AUTELSI 2020 annual award. Organised by the Asociación Española de Usuarios de Telecomunicaciones y Sociedad de la Información (AUTELSI). The award recognises the excellence for being the technological benchmarks of the sector, and given their contributions and commitment to information technology.
2019: Cénits Award for Research Excellence. Press release The award is given by Extremadura Center for Research, Technological Innovation and Supercomputing during the commemoration of its 10th Anniversary.
2018: Mexican Order of the Aztec Eagle. This is the highest prize given by Mexican government to a non Mexican person.
2017: MareNostrum 4, chosen as the most beautiful data centre in the world. The award, organised by DCDnews, has been granted by popular vote.
2017: Charles Babbage Award (IEEE - Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - Computer Society)
2017: Recognition for their outstanding career in scientific and technological development, given by the University of Guadalajara in Mexico and by the national committee of the ISUM international congress.
2016: Creu de Sant Jordi award (Catalan Government)
2015: Seymour Cray Award (IEEE - Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - Computer Society)
2015: Innovative Businesses Forum Award in the Innovative Researcher category
2014: Award of Honour (Catalan Telecommunication Engineers Association)
2013: Distinguished Service Award (ACM -Association for Computing Machinery)
2009: Goode Award (IEEE - Computer Society)
2008: Featured in Hall of Fame (Innovate, Connect, Transform -ICT conference)
2007: Eckert-Mauchly Award (IEEE/ACM)
2006: National Research Award for contributions to scientific and technological progress in Catalonia (Catalan Foundation for Research and Innovation
2006: Leonardo Torres Quevedo Spanish National Research Award for engineering research (Spanish Ministry for Education and Science)
2005: Research Achievements Career Award (National Polytechnic Institute, Mexico)
2005: Aritmel National Award –Spanish IT Engineer (Spanish Scientific and IT Society)
2004: Engineer of the Year Award (Spanish Telecommunication Engineers Association)
2001: Julio Rey Pastor Spanish National Research Award in Mathematics, Information and Communication Technology (Spanish Ministry for Education and Science)
1997: Rey Jaime I Award for fundamental research (Rey Jaime I Awards Foundation)
1996: Salvà i Campillo Award (Catalan Telecommunication Engineers Association)
1994: Narcís Monturiol Award (Government of Catalonia)
Joint:
2011: First national award for partnership between research centres and businesses, awarded to BSC and IBM for their long and fruitful research collaboration (Catalan Foundation for Research and Innovation).
2011 and 2015: Severo Ochoa Centre of Excellence Award given to Barcelona Supercomputing Center (Spanish Ministry of Science and Innovation)
1994: Barcelona City Award in Technology for the work of CEPBA (Barcelona City Council)
1992: Fundación Universidad-Empresa Award for the university department with the best European research projects (Fundación Universidad-Empresa)
Royal Academies, honorary degrees and other affiliations
Valero is a founding academician of the Spanish Royal Academy of Engineering, academician of the Barcelona Royal Academy of Sciences and Arts, academician of Academia Europaea and corresponding member of the Spanish Royal Academy of Pure Sciences, Physics and Natural Sciences and of the Mexican Academy of Science. From 2018 they are Elected Correspondent Academic of the Academia de Ingeniería de México, Elected Honorary academic of the Real Academia Europea de Doctores and Academic of the Academia de Gastronomía de Murcia.
They have been awarded honorary doctorates by Chalmers University of Technology, the University of Belgrade, the University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, the University of Veracruz, the University of Zaragoza, the Complutense University of Madrid, the University of Cantabria and the University of Granada.
 They are also a fellow of the IEEE and ACM and an Intel Distinguished Fellow.
 They are Member of the external Scientific Advisory Committee of the Universidad Complutense de Madrid and Benefactor of the graduation of the 2018 promotion from Universidad San Jorge de Zaragoza.
From 2017 is member of the Committee for the IEEE Sidney Fernbach Award.
Personal life
Although at a young age they went to Zaragoza and then Madrid to study before settling permanently in Barcelona, Valero maintains strong links with their home town, Alfamén, which has bestowed a variety of honours upon him. In 1998 they were chosen as the municipality's "Favourite Son" and in 2005 a local school was given the name CEIP Mateo Valero.
Aragon has also recognised Valero with a number of honours, such as the Aragon Award – also known as the San Jorge Award – which is considered the most important awarded by the provincial government (2008); the Special Award for Aragonese Research by the Asociación
References
External links
Mateo Valero's personal webpage
1952 births
Living people
Spanish scientists
Computer engineers
Telecommunication engineers
Technical University of Madrid alumni
Polytechnic University of Catalonia alumni
People from the Province of Zaragoza
I Am... (stylized in sentence case) is the fourth studio album by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki. It was released on New Years Day (January 1), 2002 via Avex Trax and their Taiwan-based headquarters. It was distributed in two physical formats—a standard CD and Playbutton—and for digital consumption. After the September 11, 2001 attacks in New York City, United States, Hamasaki, who started working on their new project, changed the original music and design direction by emphasizing lighter themes than their previous work. As a result, the record delves with hope, peace and love, superimposed on J-Pop-inspired rock music.
Upon its release, I Am... received favorable reviews from music critics. Many publications commended Hamasaki's musical direction and the commercial appeal, while some reviewers noted that some tracks were fillers. Commercially, it experienced huge success in Japan, reaching atop of the Oricon Albums Chart. It was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of three million units,
the album then won the Album of the Year in Asia Association Music Prize Awards.
In order to promote the album, nearly half of the songs from the record were released as singles; additionally, "M" and "Evolution" sold over one million copies in Japan. After its release, they commenced two concert tours within Japan; a tour and a tour, both of which experienced commercial success and spawned live DVD releases. Before I Am..., Hamasaki felt that they would not enter an Asian market; thus, they never performed outside Japan and did not use English in their lyrics. However, shortly after the release of the album, they performed at the 2002 MTV Asia Music Awards ceremony, their first performance held outside Japan.
Background and development
On September 28, 2000, Hamasaki released their third studio album Duty to critical and commercial success; moreover, it remains their best-selling studio album. Additionally, they started recording their fourth studio album after its release, spawning the single "M" in December that year. However, Hamasaki's label Avex Trax planned an idea to publish a musical retrospect, but the singer refused. Avex Trax ignored their refusal and went ahead with the plan, releasing The Best in March 2001 as a "competitive strategy" against Japanese recording artist Hikaru Utada and their album, Distance; this resulted into a minor halt towards their new material. Subsequently, they returned to various studios in Japan to record new work.
However, Hamasaki became emotionally struck by the effects of the September 11 attacks, and had second guesses about certain material on the album. As a result, they decided to scrap the original musical direction a focus on "lighter themes" such as faith and peace. Along with this decision, Hamasaki decided to expand their market by performing outside of Japan; in 2002, they attended and performed at the MTV Video Music Awards in Singapore, their first to do so. During the production and composing phase of the album, Hamasaki became dissatisfied of the results their team had given them for the track "M", so they decided to compose the tune herself. Feeling happier about the change, they focused on composing and producing more material under the alias CREA.
Composition
Musically, I Am... is a rock album that incorporates elements of J-Pop, electronic music and acoustic-driven instrumentation. The record holds 15 tracks, alongside a hidden recording at the end titled "Flower Garden"; this was Hamasaki's second time they performed this strategy, after Loveppears (1999). Additionally, the singer provided 10 compositions to the album, the most participation in any of their records. I Am... sees the return of their previous composers and arrangers: Tasuku, CMJK, Hal, Dai Nagao (under the alias D.A.I.) and Naoto Suzuki, while the album is solely produced by Max Matsuura.
Despite 16 tracks, it consists of two interlude tracks; "Opening Run" and "Taskinlude", and a varied version of "Endless Sorrow", titled the "Gone With the Wind version". Japanese musician Tetsuya Komuro is credited as an additional composer to the record for their and Hamasaki's single "A Song is Born", which originally featured vocals by Komuro's wife Keiko Yamada. Many of the songs on the album shift keys; most shift to a relative key. "M" and "Still Alone" shift to the parallel key; "Evolution" and "Naturally" shift to the dominant and subdominant keys, respectively. The lyrical content on I Am..., as asupervisorstioned, deals with lighter themes such as hope and peace, alongside additional depictions of love and Hamasaki's personal experiences.
Release
I Am... was released on New Years Day (January 1), 2002 via Avex Trax and their Taiwan-based headquarters. It was distributed in two physical formats—a standard CD and Playbutton—and for digital consumption. According to Hamasaki, the original promotional photography had been photographed by Toru Kumazawa, noted to be a lot "darker" than their previous work with him. However, after the singer's change of theme and direction due to the September 11 attacks, they organised another shoot with Kumazawa. The second round of photography depicted Hamasaki in an outfit covered in leaves and vines. They placed a dove on their shoulder for the shot, as a symbolic message of peace and hope. The CD version included a 24-page booklet that featured shots of Hamasaki in a desert, while an additional lyrical booklet came with it. Regarding the change, where they labelled it a "peace muse", they explained;
I had a completely different idea for the cover at first. We'd already reserved the space, decided the hair and makeup and everything. But after the incident, as is typical of me, I suddenly changed my mind. I knew it wasn't the time for gaudiness, for elaborate sets and costumes. It sounds odd coming from me, but I realize what I say and how I look has a great impact.
Track listing
Charts
Oricon Chart (Japan)
Singles
Certifications
Release history
Notes
References
2002 albums
Ayumi Hamasaki albums
Avex Group albums
Japanese-language albums
Adil al-Kalbani () is a Saudi Arabian Muslim cleric of Afro-Saudi background as the Imam of the Great Mosque of Mecca.
Biography
Early years and studies
Adil al-Kalbani was born in Riyadh on April 4, 1958 to poor emigrants from Ras Al Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates who came to Saudi Arabia in the 1950s. Their father used to work as a government clerk. Due to their family's financial situation, al-Kalbani took a job with Saudi Arabian Airlines after finishing high school, whilst attending evening classes at King Saud University.
Al-Kalbani's first teacher in their further Islamic studies was Hasan ibn Gaanim al-Gaanim. They studied Sahih al-Bukhari, Jami` at-Tirmidhi and the tafsir of Ibn Kathir with him. They also studied with Mustafa Muslim who taught the tafsir of al-Baydawi at Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University. They also studied Akhir Tadmariyah with Abdullah Ibn Jibreen and the Quran with Ahmad Mustafa. In 1994, they passed the government exam to become an Imam.
Career as Imam
After a brief stint working at the mosque in Riyadh Airport, they moved on to working as an Imam at the more prominent King Khalid Mosque. They once dreamed that they had become the imam at the Great Mosque of Mecca; two years later, in 2008, they were selected by King Abdullah to lead the tarawih prayers at the mosque.
In Japan's city of Bandu, a center of Minhaj-ul-Quran was visited by Al-Kalbani on June 30, 2013.
Al-Kalbani has said they are not a Shaykh (an authority in religious matters) but a Qari.
Personal life
They have two wives and twelve children.
Views
Church bells
In a tweet, al-Kalbani stated that the non-existence of church bells in Saudi Arabia pleased him.
Mecca crane collapse
Al-Kalbani criticised a tweet from a Saudi poet that said that the cranes that collapsed in Mecca "fell to the ground in prayer". Al-Kalbani said that this was the "stupidest kind of nonsense". They sarcastically suggested that the other cranes did not collapse because they were "liberal".
Salafism
Al-Kalbani stated that Salafism is a source of ISIL ideology.
Segregation of men and women
They criticised the current situation of gender segregation in mosques, where women are "completely isolated" from men and only connected via a microphone. They called this a "phobia of women".
Shias
In an interview with the BBC, al-Kalbani declared Twelver Shias as apostates, which triggered a backlash from followers of the sect in Saudi Arabia. In 2019, however, they retracted their position after reading a book by fellow scholar Hatim al-Awni, stating that they no longer considers as apostates those who "believe in one God, eat our [halal] meat, and prostrate toward our Qibla [direction of Mecca]".
Stance on musical instruments
In a fatwa, al-Kalbani considered singing to be permissible under Islamic law, but retracted it in 2010. In 2019, they backtracked on their retraction and again considered it permissible. A religious singing event was attended by al-Kalbani. A flute was purportedly used.
Filmography
In November 2021 they appeared in a promotional video for Combat Field - Riyadh Season 2021.
References
External links
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGt2ZTGaApQ
Living people
1959 births
Saudi Arabian Quran reciters
Muslim scholars of Islamic jurisprudence
Arab people of African descent
King Saud University alumni
Critics of Shia Islam
People from Riyadh
Saudi Arabian Islamic religious leaders
Sunni imams
Saudi Arabian Sunni Muslim scholars of Islam
Saudi Arabian people of African descent
Saudi Arabian Salafis
Saudi Arabian imams
20th-century imams
21st-century imams
Vol. 1 is the third official album, but first major label release, by the rock band HURT, released on March 21, 2006. This album contains many tracks that are very dark in nature. The album has themes such as twisted logic from over-obsession with religion in "Rapture"; pain from love in both "Falls Apart" and "Unkind"; and drug addiction in "Overdose".
This album was released with two different packages. One was the standard jewel case, and the other a cardboard folding case, featuring a few more pieces of artwork inside, and a red bookmark attached to the case. Both pressings, however, contain exactly the same song material.
"House Carpenter" ends at 6:45, and the track continues with a rainstorm sound effect until 8:29, when an apparent hidden track begins. The hidden track is a guitar and several strings playing over the rainstorm, and continues for 1:04. The rainstorm is also heard at the beginning of this band's fourth full-length release, Vol. II. The song ends with the voice of a woman saying "I love you so much". The phrase is also heard in the background of "Unkind" at 1:24.
At one time, there was rumor of an 11-minute version of the song "Rapture". J. Loren's personal agenda was to have "Rapture" be their first single; this 11-minute version was destroyed, and has been stated to never be heard again.
Two videos have spawned from this album; one for their single, "Rapture", and one for the song "Forever".
Two songs from this album were released on previous albums. "Cold Inside" originally appeared on The Consumation, and "Unkind" had been drastically changed from the older version on their self-titled album.
Four songs from this album have been released as alternate mixes, known as the CONNECTSets. The songs "Falls Apart", "Shallow", "Rapture", and "Danse Russe" were a part of this set, and are all very similar to the versions that are played during live concerts. The album has sold nearly 150,000 copies since its release.
The song "Rapture" was used in the trailer for the film adaptation of The A-Team, and "Unkind" featured in the videogame NHL 07
Track listing
Chart positions
Information taken from this source.
Album
Singles
Personnel
Personnel information from album liner notes
J. Loren Wince - vocals, guitar, violin
Evan Johns - drums, percussion, piano
Josh Ansley - bass, backing vocals
Paul Spatola - guitar, backing vocals
Additional personnel
Jane Lewis - executive producer
Eric Greedy - producer, engineering
Mick Guzauski - mixing
Tom Bender - mixing
Brian Gardner - mastering
Pete Martinez - additional engineering
Brian Winshell - additional engineering
Justin Meldal-Johnsen - bass
Ted Taylor - art director
References
Hurt (band) albums
2006 albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums recorded at Sound City Studios
Laura Allison Wasser (born May 23, 1968) is an American attorney specializing in divorce and well-known for their celebrity clients. They currently serve as Chief of Divorce Evolution for Divorce.com.
Early life and education
Laura Allison Wasser was born in Los Angeles on May 23, 1968. Them father is prominent divorce attorney Dennis Wasser, and their mother was Bunny Wasser. Wasser graduated from Beverly Hills High School in 1986. They have a B.A. degree in Rhetoric from University of California, Berkeley, and they earned a J.D. degree from Loyola Law School in 1994. They have been a member of the California Bar since December 1994.
Career
Laura Wasser is a divorce attorney in Los Angeles. They joined their father Dennis Wasser's family law firm Wasser Cooperman & Mandles, where they are now managing partner. Wasser was also the founder and CEO of the online divorce service It's Over Easy, which sought to allow people to handle divorces with less professional help. It's Over Easy was acquired by Divorce.com in 2022, and Wasser was brought on as Chief of Divorce Evolution for the company. Wasser hosts the podcasts "All's Fair With Laura Wasser" on iHeart Radio and "Divorce Sucks! With Laura Wasser" on PodcastOne.
Wasser has handled a number of high-profile, high-net-worth dissolutions, including those for Angelina Jolie, Heidi Klum, Kim Kardashian, Kris Jenner, Johnny Depp, Ryan Reynolds, Christina Aguilera, Hilary Duff, Stevie Wonder, Kelis, Patricia Arquette, Kate Walsh, Johnny Knoxville, Jimmy Iovine Maria Shriver, Olivier Martinez, Kelly Clarkson, and Dr. Dre.
Alongside their father, Wasser served as an on-set legal consultant for the movie Liar Liar. They and their father also appeared in the 2014 documentary Divorce Corp. They have been called upon on TV, in print and across the media landscape in matters regarding Divorce and Family Law.
Personal life
Wasser has two sons with two former boyfriends whom they did not marry. They divorced a different man in 1993 and they have not married again since, stating that they do not believe in lifelong monogamy or the government aspect of marriage. They reside in Los Angeles.
Awards and honors
In June 2008, Wasser received the Harriett Buhai Center for Family Law Zephyr M. Ramsey Award and in 2011, they were the recipient of the Century City Chamber of Commerce Women of Achievement Award. In 2013, Wasser received the Brady Center Advocate Award. In May 2019, they received the Justice Award from the Los Angeles Center for Law and Justice for their acknowledgment of the struggles faced by the self-represented and for their work in promoting civility in Family Law. Wasser has been selected to Super Lawyers every year since 2007, and has been featured on The Hollywood Reporter's Power Lawyer Troubleshooters.
Bibliography
It Doesn't Have to Be That Way: How to Divorce Without Destroying Your Family or Bankrupting Yourself (St. Martin's Press, 2013)
What to Expect When Getting Divorced (Self-published, 2020)
See also
Lisa Helfend Meyer
Raoul Felder
References
External links
Wasser, Cooperman & Mandles website
It's Over Easy website
Living people
1968 births
Lawyers from Los Angeles
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
Loyola Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
20th-century American women lawyers
21st-century American women lawyers
Civilian Saucer Intelligence (CSI) was an independent unidentified flying object research group founded in New York City in 1954. It was initially called Civilian Saucer Intelligence New York, but the "New York" was quickly dropped from their name.
In contrast to the many amateurish early "flying saucer clubs", CSI actually conducted rigorous investigations of UFO reports. The CSI Newsletter was issued quarterly, and UFO researcher Jerome Clark describes it as "the best UFO periodical of its time — well edited, intelligent, thoughtful and critical-minded." (Clark, 188)
They were critical of contactees who claimed to be in regular contact with aliens, but stood apart from other groups by investigating close encounters of the third kind, where animate beings are alleged to be seen as part of UFO sightings.
History
Jerome Clark writes, "Though its membership was small, what the organization lacked in quantity it made up in quality of its personnel" (Clark, 188) CSI's core personnel were Ted Bloecher, Isabel Davis, and Alexander Mebane.
American biochemist Michael D. Swords describes CSI's impressive projects as the result of "the Herculean efforts of three talented UFO researchers ... [t]hey were tough analysts, very difficult to fool with trivial cases." CSI was also notable for translating two books by French ufologist Aimé Michel into English.
Furthermore, according to Swords, CSI became astronomer J. Allen Hynek's main source of UFO reports during the mid-1950s—especially cases from outside the U.S.—after the Robertson Panel (1953) diverted most UFO reports away from Project Blue Book, to which Hynek was consultant.
Though the group never formally disbanded, CSI was defunct by 1959. However, Davis and Bloecher were active in UFO research into the 1980s, Davis as a NICAP associate. Notably, Bloecher investigated an early 1970s UFO sighting made by young painter, Budd Hopkins; in later years, Hopkins would become a key figure in the alien abduction scene.
References
Clark, Jerome, The UFO Encyclopedia: 2nd Edition; Volume 1, A-K; Omnigraphics, Inc, 1998,
UFO organizations
UFO culture in the United States
Research organizations in the United States
20th Brigade may refer to:
Infantry units
20th Brigade (Australia)
20th Indian Brigade, a unit of the British Indian Army in World War I
20th Indian Infantry Brigade, a unit of the British Indian Army in World War II
20th Brigade (United Kingdom)
20th Armoured Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)
20th Independent Infantry Brigade (Guards), United Kingdom
Other units
20th Mounted Brigade, United Kingdom
XX Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery (T.F.), Territorial Force, United Kingdom
20th Engineer Brigade (United States)
See also
20th Army (disambiguation)
20th Battalion (disambiguation)
XX Corps (disambiguation)
20th Division (disambiguation)
20th Regiment (disambiguation)
20 Squadron (disambiguation)
Mesatis () was a town of ancient Achaea, in the neighbourhood of Patrae. It is said to have been founded by the Ionians, when they occupied the country. After their expulsion,, the Achaean hero Patreus withdrew the inhabitants from Antheia and Mesatis to Aroë, which they enlarged and called Patrae after himself. The city's acropolis probably continued to be called Aroë, which was often synonymous with Patrae. In the war between the Achaeans and the Romans, Patrae suffered so severely that most residents left for the surrounding villages of Mesatis, Antheia, Bolina, Argyra, and Arba.
Its site is unlocated. The modern Messatida takes its name from the ancient place.
References
Populated places in ancient Achaea
Former populated places in Greece
Locations in Greek mythology
Lost ancient cities and towns
Messatida
GetBack.com was a social networking and multi-media website based out of Los Angeles, CA that was active between 2007 and 2010. Its aim was to help baby boomers rediscover pop culture from past decades and interact with their peers.
About
In 2007, GetBack.Com was launched by executives from its sister company Shout! Factory along with veterans of IFILM and MTV.
The site collection of cultural media ranged from the 1960s through the 1990s. Users were able to watch music videos, TV clips, and interviews. There were also artist pages that include artist-related media as well as bios, timelines, "then and now" galleries, and comment boards.
Additionally, the site contained traditional social networking features such as profiles, chat, messaging and user-generated content uploads. Widgets and other elements were available, as well as early game classics such as Tetris, Frogger, and Super Mario Bros.
GetBack.com closed down in January 2010, with the intention of relaunching in March of that year. As of 2012, the site remains down, and its domain parked.
References
External links
Official website
Defunct social networking services
American entertainment websites
Internet properties established in 2007
Internet properties disestablished in 2010
The Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation was historically significant and was formulated by Leslie Lawrance Foldy and Siegfried Adolf Wouthuysen in 1949 to understand the nonrelativistic limit of the Dirac equation, the equation for spin-½ particles. A detailed general discussion of the Foldy–Wouthuysen-type transformations in particle interpretation of relativistic wave equations is in Acharya and Sudarshan (1960). Its utility in high energy physics is now limited due to the primary applications being in the ultra-relativistic domain where the Dirac field is treated as a quantised field.
A canonical transform
The FW transformation is a unitary transformation of the orthonormal basis in which both the Hamiltonian and the state are represented. The eigenvalues do not change under such a unitary transformation, that is, the physics does not change under such a unitary basis transformation. Therefore, such a unitary transformation can always be applied: in particular a unitary basis transformation may be picked which will put the Hamiltonian in a more pleasant form, at the expense of a change in the state function, which then represents something else. See for example the Bogoliubov transformation, which is an orthogonal basis transform for the same purpose. The suggestion that the FW transform is applicable to the state or the Hamiltonian is thus not correct.
Foldy and Wouthuysen made use of a canonical transform that has now come to be known as the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation. A brief account of the history of the transformation is to be found in the obituaries of Foldy and Wouthuysen and the biographical memoir of Foldy. Before their work, there was some difficulty in understanding and gathering all the interaction terms of a given order, such as those for a Dirac particle immersed in an external field. With their procedure the physical interpretation of the terms was clear, and it became possible to apply their work in a systematic way to a number of problems that had previously defied solution. The Foldy–Wouthuysen transform was extended to the physically important cases of spin-0 and spin-1 particles, and even generalized to the case of arbitrary spins.
Description
The Foldy–Wouthuysen (FW) transformation is a unitary transformation on a fermion wave function of the form:
where the unitary operator is the 4 × 4 matrix:
Above,
is the unit vector oriented in the direction of the fermion momentum. The above are related to the Dirac matrices by and , with . A straightforward series expansion applying the commutativity properties of the Dirac matrices demonstrates that above is true. The inverse
so it is clear that , where is a 4 × 4 identity matrix.
Transforming the Dirac Hamiltonian for a free fermion
This transformation is of particular interest when applied to the free-fermion Dirac Hamiltonian operator
in biunitary fashion, in the form:
Using the commutativity properties of the Dirac matrices, this can be massaged over into the double-angle expression:
This factors out into:
Choosing a particular representation: Newton–Wigner
Clearly, the FW transformation is a continuous transformation, that is, one may employ any value for which one chooses. Now comes the distinct question of choosing a particular value for , which amounts to choosing a particular transformed representation.
One particularly important representation, is that in which the transformed Hamiltonian operator is diagonalized. Clearly, a completely diagonalized representation can be obtained by choosing such that the term in is made to vanish. Such a representation is specified by defining:
so that is reduced to the diagonalized (this presupposes that is taken in the Dirac–Pauli representation (after Paul Dirac and Wolfgang Pauli) in which it is a diagonal matrix):
By elementary trigonometry, also implies that:
so that using in now leads following reduction to:
Prior to Foldy and Wouthuysen publishing their transformation, it was already known that is the Hamiltonian in the Newton–Wigner (NW) representation (named after Theodore Duddell Newton and Eugene Wigner) of the Dirac equation. What therefore tells us, is that by applying a FW transformation to the Dirac–Pauli representation of Dirac's equation, and then selecting the continuous transformation parameter so as to diagonalize the Hamiltonian, one arrives at the NW representation of Dirac's equation, because NW itself already contains the Hamiltonian specified in (). See this link.
If one considers an on-shell mass—fermion or otherwise—given by , and employs a Minkowski metric tensor for which , it should be apparent that the expression
is equivalent to the component of the energy-momentum vector , so that is alternatively specified rather simply by .
Correspondence between the Dirac–Pauli and Newton–Wigner representations, for a fermion at rest
Now consider a fermion at rest, which we may define in this context as a fermion for which . From or , this means that , so that and, from , that the unitary operator . Therefore, any operator in the Dirac–Pauli representation upon which we perform a biunitary transformation, will be given, for an at-rest fermion, by:
Contrasting the original Dirac–Pauli Hamiltonian operator
with the NW Hamiltonian , we do indeed find the "at rest" correspondence:
Transforming the velocity operator
In the Dirac–Pauli representation
Now, consider the velocity operator. To obtain this operator, we must commute the Hamiltonian operator with the canonical position operators , i.e., we must calculate
One good way to approach this calculation, is to start by writing the scalar rest mass as
and then to mandate that the scalar rest mass commute with the . Thus, we may write:
where we have made use of the Heisenberg canonical commutation relationship to reduce terms. Then, multiplying from the left by and rearranging terms, we arrive at:
Because the canonical relationship
the above provides the basis for computing an inherent, non-zero acceleration operator, which specifies the oscillatory motion known as zitterbewegung.
In the Newton–Wigner representation
In the Newton–Wigner representation, we now wish to calculate
If we use the result at the very end of section 2 above, , then this can be written instead as:
Using the above, we need simply to calculate , then multiply by .
The canonical calculation proceeds similarly to the calculation in section 4 above, but because of the square root expression in , one additional step is required.
First, to accommodate the square root, we will wish to require that the scalar square mass commute with the canonical coordinates , which we write as:
where we again use the Heisenberg canonical relationship . Then, we need an expression for which will satisfy . It is straightforward to verify that:
will satisfy when again employing . Now, we simply return the factor via , to arrive at:
This is understood to be the velocity operator in the Newton–Wigner representation. Because:
it is commonly thought that the zitterbewegung motion arising out of vanishes when a fermion is transformed into the Newton–Wigner representation.
Other applications
The powerful machinery of the Foldy–Wouthuysen transform originally developed for the Dirac equation has found applications in many situations such as acoustics, and optics.
It has found applications in very diverse areas such as atomic systems synchrotron radiation and derivation of the Bloch equation for polarized beams.
The application of the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation in acoustics is very natural; comprehensive and mathematically rigorous accounts.
In the traditional scheme the purpose of expanding the optical Hamiltonian
in a series using
as the expansion parameter is to understand the propagation of the quasi-paraxial beam in terms of a series of approximations (paraxial plus nonparaxial). Similar is the situation in the case of charged-particle optics. Let us recall that in relativistic quantum mechanics too one has a similar problem of understanding the relativistic wave equations as the nonrelativistic approximation plus the relativistic correction terms in the quasi-relativistic regime. For the Dirac equation (which is first-order in time) this is done most conveniently using the Foldy–Wouthuysen transformation leading to an iterative diagonalization technique. The main framework of the newly developed formalisms of optics (both light optics and charged-particle optics) is based on the transformation technique of Foldy–Wouthuysen theory which casts the Dirac equation in a form displaying the different interaction terms between the Dirac particle and an applied electromagnetic field in a nonrelativistic and easily interpretable form.
In the Foldy–Wouthuysen theory the Dirac equation is decoupled through a canonical transformation into two two-component equations: one reduces to the Pauli equation in the nonrelativistic limit and the other describes the negative-energy states. It is possible to write a Dirac-like matrix representation of Maxwell's equations. In such a matrix form the Foldy–Wouthuysen can be applied.
There is a close algebraic analogy between the Helmholtz equation (governing scalar optics) and the Klein–Gordon equation; and between the matrix form of the Maxwell's equations (governing vector optics) and the Dirac equation. So it is natural to use the powerful machinery of standard quantum mechanics (particularly, the Foldy–Wouthuysen transform) in analyzing these systems.
The suggestion to employ the Foldy–Wouthuysen Transformation technique in the case of the Helmholtz equation was mentioned in the literature as a remark.
It was only in the recent works, that this idea was exploited to analyze the quasiparaxial approximations for specific beam optical system. The Foldy–Wouthuysen technique is ideally suited for the Lie algebraic approach to optics. With all these plus points, the powerful and ambiguity-free expansion, the Foldy–Wouthuysen Transformation is still little used in optics. The technique of the Foldy–Wouthuysen Transformation results in what is known as nontraditional prescriptions of Helmholtz optics and Maxwell optics respectively. The nontraditional approaches give rise to very interesting wavelength-dependent modifications of the paraxial and aberration behaviour. The nontraditional formalism of Maxwell optics provides a unified framework of light beam optics and polarization. The nontraditional prescriptions of light optics are closely analogous with the quantum theory of
charged-particle beam optics. In optics, it has enabled the deeper connections in the wavelength-dependent regime between light optics and charged-particle optics to be seen (see Electron optics).
See also
Relativistic quantum mechanics
Notes
Fermions
Dirac equation
Philip Cross (1825 – 10 January 1888) from Shandy Hall, Dripsey, County Cork, Ireland, was a physician convicted and hanged for the murder of their wife after an affair with their children's governess. The case was known in the late 19th century as "the Coachford Poisoning Case" as the house was on the road between the adjacent villages of Dripsey and Coachford.
Background
Cross was a retired British Army surgeon with the rank of major. They resided at Shandy Hall, with their wife Laura and six children. Aside from hunting and fishing, they rarely socialised, although their wife was quite popular. Laura hired a 20-year-old governess named Effie Skinner (who had worked at a friend's home) in 1886 to look after their children.
Cross had a disparaging view of most women, and Laura did not think of anything being stirred up by Ms Skinner. Eventually, however, they seized and kissed them Effie was upset by this, but due to them liking the children, remained in the household. Since they did not speak to Laura about the incident, Cross believed they accepted their feelings for them Laura noticed their attentions to Effie and confronted their husband. Laura insisted Effie leaves the household and Cross agreed. Cross convinced Effie that Laura had an unreasonable view of them and they should leave the household. Effie believed Cross and moved to Dublin. A correspondence began between the two using assumed names. Gradually, Effie actually did fall in love with Cross. They visited them in Dublin, and they lived there as husband and wife. According to Leonard Parry, Cross wanted to end their marriage, but not damage their social position with a difficult divorce.
Murder
Within a short time of this incident, Laura became ill with stomach cramps after suffering vomiting and diarrhoea and thirst. Cross diagnosed typhoid (though Laura said to one friend, "Phil tells me that I have a disease of the heart.") and gave their medication for it. Cross acted as though they were deeply concerned about Laura's health. However, they did not call in any other doctor until the end, when they called in a cousin, Dr Godfrey of Broomhill, Dripsey. Them condition had deteriorated, and they died on 2 June 1887. Cross signed their death certificate (something of a rarity in Victorian murder cases involving physicians). This was followed by a speedy funeral. All this speed did not sit well with the local residents, even though Cross explained that, as typhoid was the supposed cause of death, speed was to prevent any contagion.
Fifteen days after the funeral, Cross married Effie at St. James's Church on Piccadilly in London. They tried to keep this secret, but it was already known when they returned to Shandy Hall. The police acted because of the trail of suspicious circumstances from the time Effie entered the household. Laura's body was exhumed and found to contain high levels of arsenic and strychnine, but no trace of typhoid.
Trial and conviction
As a result, Cross was arrested and tried for their wife's murder at the Munster Assizes before justice Murphy. Cross was defended by Craigie Atkinson, who came up with a defence that since the defendant had served in the Far East, and was acquainted with many barely known subtler poisons, that it was unlikely they would have used arsenic, which is the first poison the police would think of. The prosecution demolished this theory by suggesting that while they were a brilliant man normally, as a criminal Cross behaved like a fool. Motive was shown as was the fact that the doctor had purchased arsenic recently (and had their sister destroy the bottles they used when treating Laura). Cross was quickly found guilty by the jury. Justice Murphy, in pronouncing the sentence of death, said that the crime was one of the most cruel and bloodthirsty of the century. When the murder was uncovered, Effie refused to have anything further to do with the doctor.
Cross was sentenced to be hanged in Cork Prison on 10 January 1888. By the time the day of their execution arrived, their hair had turned white. The executioner was James Berry. The execution was not one of Berry's more successful jobs because of a problem regarding the criminal involved. Cross was a well-born gentleman, and their friends in the area of Cork were from the aristocracy and upper classes. In fact, the governor of the prison did not attend the execution because of their feelings about Cross (he sent a deputy to represent him). Berry found that these friends were at the execution to give Cross some emotional support in their last moments. Cross, grateful for their attendance, wanted to stand at attention with respect to them, facing them as they died. Berry, however, traditionally faced their subjects at executions towards the wall. But each time Berry turned Cross to the wall, the doctor would turn around and face their friends again. When Berry protested, Cross did not reply, but just continued doing what they wanted. Finally, an official ordered Berry to stop this silliness and allow Cross to die facing their friends, reminding the executioner that Cross was a respected soldier, and that turning back and forth might twist the rope and cause an accident (Berry had had several bad executions where the criminals were badly injured before they died or strangled to death). Berry did as they were told, and Cross died. Berry would later say that Cross was the bravest man they ever executed.
Berry was not happy when they officiated at hangings in Ireland because of the dangerous hostility of the Irish to an English executioner. They had been threatened at least once. After being paid, they returned to their home in Bradford, England. Subsequently, they received word to return to Cork because they were needed at an inquest hearing before a coroner's jury on the execution. Berry did not return, but the inquest was eventually completed.
References
Bibliography
Evans, Stewart P. Executioner: The Chronicles of James Berry, Victorian Hangman. Phoenix Mill, Gloucestershire: Sutton Publishing, 2004, pp. 168–173
Parry, Leonard A. Some Famous Medical Trials. New York: Charles Scribners' Sons, 1928, pp. 31–35.
Sheridan, Michael. Murder at Shandy Hall – The Coachford Poisoning Case, Poolbeg Press, 2010.
Wilson, Colin and Pitman, Pat. Encyclopedia of Murder New York: G. L. Putnam's Sons, 1961, 1962, pp. 169–170.
1826 births
1888 deaths
19th-century executions by the United Kingdom
Executed Irish people
Irish Anglicans
Irish people convicted of murder
People executed by the United Kingdom by hanging
People executed for murder
People from County Cork
People executed by Ireland by hanging
Grassano is a town and comune in the province of Matera, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. It is located between the Bradano and Basento rivers at an elevation ranging from about above sea level. The town proper is from Matera and from the regional capital, Potenza.
History
Grassano was founded around 1000 AD. The first official document including the town's name is dated 1123, where it is reported as castellum quod vocatur Crassanum ("castle which is called Crassanum"). In the 15th century, Grassano was officially a rural seat of the Tricarico's Diocese. Grassano's people later asked King Ladislaus of Naples for an independence act, and Grassano has remained an independent village since January 19, 1414.
Carlo Levi was arrested and exiled to Grassano because of their anti-fascist activities. In Grassano, Levi painted about 70 pictures and started discovering southern Italy's problems. They described their experiences in Grassano in their most famous book, Christ Stopped at Eboli, which was published after the Second World War in 1945.
Anna Briganti, the grandmother of former New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, originated in Grassano. By 1905 they were married and well-established in New York.
Since 2002, Grassano, with Aliano (the second place where Levi was exiled) is an active Literary Park.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
The Shine Girl is a lost 1916 American silent film drama directed by William Parke and starring Gladys Hulette. It was produced by the Thanhouser Company and was distributed by Pathé Exchange.
Cast
Gladys Hulette as The shine girl
Wayne Arey as Judge Clayton
Kathryn Adams as Margaret Kenyon
Ethelmary Oakland as Baby Kenyon
John Cook as John Kenyon
Blanche Davenport
References
External links
1916 films
American silent feature films
Lost American films
American black-and-white films
Silent American drama films
1916 drama films
1916 lost films
Lost drama films
1910s American films
Raymond Anthony Horton (born April 12, 1960) is an American football coach and former player. They played college football at Washington and was drafted in the second round of the 1983 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals.
Early years
In 1978, Horton graduated early from Mount Tahoma High School in Tacoma, Washington, where they were a prep All-American. In 1999, they were named to the second-team defense of the Washington High-School Football Team Of The Century by the Seattle Times newspaper.
College career
Horton accepted a football scholarship from the University of Washington, where they played as a cornerback and special teams from 1980 to 1982 after a redshirt year. As a sophomore, they started 9 games. As a junior, they were a first-team All-Pac 10 selection and honorable-mention All-American. In their last year, they started 9 games, missing 3 contests with an ankle injury (where they were replaced by Vince Newsome).
They finished as a three-year starter with 10 career interceptions, 22 passes defensed, including 14 (school record) in 1981 and played in two Rose Bowls. They were also one of the top punt returners in the nation.
Professional career
Cincinnati Bengals
Horton was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals in the second round (53rd overall) of the 1983 NFL Draft. They also are selected by the Los Angeles Express in the third round (25th overall) of the 1983 USFL Draft. Horton decided to sign with the Bengals.
They earned the job as a starting cornerback with Cincinnati by the second game of the season (5 starts), finishing with a franchise rookie record 5 interceptions, including one returned for a touchdown. The next year, Horton was named the regular starter at right cornerback after the retirement of Ken Riley, posting 66 tackles and 3 interceptions, including one returned for a touchdown.
In 1986, they were passed on the depth chart by rookie Lewis Billups and was moved to the nickel back role, making 55 tackles and one interception as the Bengals barely missed the playoffs despite finishing 10-6. In 1987, Horton started 8 games, while replacing an injured Louis Breeden, tallying 53 tackles.
In 1988, they were moved to safety and played mainly nickel back. They recorded 26 tackles, 3 interceptions and one sack as the Bengals won their second AFC Championship. In Super Bowl XXIII, after being up 13–6 over the San Francisco 49ers at the beginning of the fourth quarter, driving from the Bengals 10-yard line, quarterback Joe Montana threw a pass towards Billups that they dropped in the end zone. On the next play, the 49ers scored a touchdown, tying the game at 13. Towards the game's conclusion, Montana threw a 10-yard touchdown pass to John Taylor who was being covered by Horton, for a 20–16 lead with 34 seconds left and the eventual championship. They also are the team's punt returner during the game.
Dallas Cowboys
On March 14, 1989, the Dallas Cowboys signed Horton as a Plan B free agent with the intention of playing them at safety. They were named the starting free safety, helping anchor the secondary and calling the defensive signals. They collected 116 tackles (second on the team), 8 passes defensed (second on the team), 2 forced fumbles (led the team), one interception and one sack.
In 1990, they sprained their left knee in the fourth game against the New York Giants, that forced them to miss one contest and slowed them the rest of the season. They posted 69 tackles, 6 passes defensed, one interception and 4 fumble recoveries.
In 1991, they finished third on the team in tackles (105), recorded 8 passes defensed, one interception and scored in back-to-back games: a fumble return in a 21-16 win against the New York Giants and a 65-yard interception return in a 20–17 win over the Green Bay Packers. They became the first player in franchise history to score a defensive touchdown in back-to-back games and the third player (Jim Ridlon, 1964 and Larry Cole, 1968) ever to have 2 defensive touchdowns in the same season.
In 1992, they started the first 7 games before tearing their right ACL (he chose not to have surgery) and missing 4 games. They were replaced with James Washington who took over the starting job. They still are able to be part of the championship team in Super Bowl XXVII.
Horton was released on June 1, 1993, with the Cowboys looking to give more opportunities to Washington and Darren Woodson. They finished their career with 19 interceptions, 11 fumble recoveries, 3 sacks and 5 defensive touchdowns.
Coaching career
Horton began their coaching career in 1994 as a defensive assistant with the Washington Redskins. They were hired by Norv Turner, who knew them from Dallas where Turner was an offensive coordinator. Horton was the defensive backs coach for the Bengals (1997–2001) and the Detroit Lions (2002–03). They were the assistant defensive backs coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 2004 to 2006, before being promoted to defensive backs coach in 2007.
On February 9, 2011, Horton was named defensive coordinator for the Arizona Cardinals. In 2013, Arizona head coach Ken Whisenhunt was fired, though Horton was initially retained and considered for promotion to head coach. On January 17, 2013, Horton was passed over for the promotion in favor of their former fellow Pittsburgh assistant Bruce Arians, leading to their prompt departure from Arizona.
On January 18, 2013, Horton was hired as the defensive coordinator of the Cleveland Browns. On January 18, 2014, Horton agreed to become the defensive coordinator of the Tennessee Titans. Browns coach Hue Jackson hired Ray Horton to be the Browns defensive coordinator going into the 2016 season. After a single season, Horton was fired by the Browns on January 7, 2017. They were hired as the Redskins' defensive backs coach on January 24, 2019.
References
1960 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Arizona Cardinals coaches
Cincinnati Bengals coaches
Cincinnati Bengals players
Cleveland Browns coaches
Dallas Cowboys players
Detroit Lions coaches
National Football League defensive coordinators
Pittsburgh Steelers coaches
Tennessee Titans coaches
Washington Huskies football players
Washington Redskins coaches
Players of American football from Tacoma, Washington
SS Pedro Menendez was a Liberty ship built in the United States during World War II. They were named after Pedro Menendez.
Construction
Pedro Menendez was laid down on 24 June 1944, under a Maritime Commission (MARCOM) contract, MC hull 2313, by J.A. Jones Construction, Panama City, Florida; and launched on 31 July 1944.
History
They were allocated to Moore-McCormack Lines, Inc., 18 August 1944. On 14 October 1946, they were laid up in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, in Mobile, Mobile.
On 23 February 1947, they were withdrawn from the fleet and allocated to Waterman Steamship Corporation. On 28 March 1947, they were allocated to Sword Line Inc. On 7 July 1948, they were allocated to the South Atlantic Steamship Line, for transfer to the Beaumont Reserve Fleet, in Beaumont, Texas. They were sold, 22 August 1966, for $45,600 to Southern Scrap Material Co., LTD, to be scrapped. They were withdrawn from the fleet on 25 October 1966.
References
Bibliography
Liberty ships
Ships built in Panama City, Florida
1944 ships
Mobile Reserve Fleet
Beaumont Reserve Fleet
The 1904 Wabash College football team was an American football team that represented Wabash College during the 1904 college football season. In Frank Cayou's first season as head coach, the team compiled a 4–4 record. This was the year Wabash adopted the Little Giants name.
Schedule
References
Wabash
Wabash Little Giants football seasons
Wabash football
Dowlatabad (, also Romanized as Dowlatābād) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 640, in 168 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
"The Cossack Lullaby" () is a cradle song that Russian writer Mikhail Lermontov wrote in 1838 during their exile in the Caucasus.
Background
In 1837, Alexandr Pushkin had a duel with Georges d'Anthes and two days later died. Mikhail Lermontov, who had adored Pushkin, wrote a poem entitled the Death of the Poet and lamented that they fell as a victim of the aristocracy surrounding the Czar. They were immediately exiled to the Caucasus.
While in the Caucasus, they heard an old Terek Cossack woman sing a cradle song, which they transcribed as the Cossack Lullaby. At that time, the Terek Cossacks defended Russia's southern border against the Ingush and Chechens. Lermontov is said to have actually put the song in music in Voronezh on their way to Saint Petersburg. The song was later sent to Saint Petersburg and Moscow and became popular.
Words and translation
The song has six stanzas, of which two are described below with a direct English translation.
See also
Mikhail Lermontov's first exile
Osetia
References
Russian-language songs
Russian songs
Russian children's songs
Mikhail Lermontov
Ossetia
Lullabies
Mr. Broadway is an American 13-episode CBS adventure and drama television series starring Craig Stevens as New York City public relations specialist Mike Bell. It ran from September 20, 1964 until December 26, 1964.
Premise and cast
Stevens portrayed Mike Bell, whose Michael Bell Associates public-relations firm created and maintained for actors, politicians, and other high-profile people. Producer David Susskind described Bell as "a dynamic bman of a thousand facets". Bell's assistant was former newspaperman Hank McClure, portrayed by Horace McMahon. Lani Miyazaki played Bell's girl Friday.
Production
Playwright Garson Kanin wrote the script for the pilot episode of Mr. Broadway, and by September 1963, they had created synopses for 22 episodes. They were also a part-owner of the series. They based much of the content on elements of short stories that they had written.
Susskind and Daniel Melnick of Talent Associates-Paramount produced Mr. Broadway. Dave Brubeck composed musical scores for the episodes.
Kanin's involvement diminished after they wrote the first episode. They directed another episode, but their name did not appear among the screen credits thereafter. CBS ended production of the show after 13 episodes had been completed. It concluded with the December 26, 1964, broadcast. A representative of CBS said that filming of two more episodes was proposed, but Stevens rejected the idea.
Mr. Broadway was filmed at the Biograph studio in the Bronx. Locations used in filming included El Morroco, The Forum, the Four Seasons, the Rainbow Room, The Tavern on the Green, and The Tower Suites.
Sponsors included Procter & Gamble, Brown & Williamson, Lipton, Alberto-Culver, and Pontiac.
Mr. Broadway was one of a group of CBS Films series sold to Austarama for broadcast in Australia.
Episodes
References
CBS original programming
1964 American television series debuts
1964 American television series endings
1960s American drama television series
Black-and-white American television shows
Television shows set in New York City
Television series by CBS Studios
Television series by Warner Bros. Television Studios
English-language television shows
Television series by Talent Associates
Daniel Mitchley (born 7 October 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Skelmersdale United.
Career
From youth team to first team at Blackpool
Born in Liverpool, Mitchley played at Skelmersdale United until they were 15 years old. They then spent one season with the Oldham Athletic Centre of Excellence, followed by a short spell with Wigan Athletic's Centre of Excellence, before joining Blackpool, where they became a regular starter for the youth team in the Football League Youth Alliance, North West Conference.
By December 2007 Mitchley had scored 25 goals in just twelve matches for Blackpool's youth and reserve teams, and despite only just having turned eighteen, Blackpool manager Simon Grayson stated that they were "not frightened of throwing them into the action if I need to." Mitchley had been training with the first-team squad and had already travelled with them when they were included in the squad that went to Scunthorpe United. Grayson also confirmed that Mitchley would be training with the first team over the Christmas period and that they were close to a first team call up. By February 2008, Mitchley had scored 35 goals for the youth and reserve team in the 2007–08 season. However, they then suffered a broken foot, which kept them out of action for the rest of the season.
On 4 March 2008 Mitchley was offered their first professional contract, together with youth-team captain, Ashton Bayliss. On 6 May they won two awards at the club's annual presentation night: the Blackpool Supporters Association Young Player of the Year, and the Chris Muir Memorial Trophy for Young Player.
They made their return from injury on 15 October 2008 in a reserve-team match at Burnley. They were then included in the Blackpool squad for the first time in the Championship home match against Derby County on 21 October 2008, but was an unused substitute as the Seasiders won 3–2. Four days later, they made their professional debut when they came on as a late second-half substitute in the 89th minute for Gary Taylor-Fletcher at Bloomfield Road in a 2–2 draw with Crystal Palace.
Mitchley started the 2009–10 season with Blackpool and was twice an unused substitute. Firstly in the Seasiders 2–1 League Cup victory over Crewe Alexandra at Gresty Road on 11 August 2009. Then again on 15 August in a 1–1 draw with Cardiff City at Bloomfield Road. Mitchley spent most spells of 2009 and 2010 on loan at various lower league clubs. They were released by Blackpool in June 2010.
Loan moves whilst at Blackpool
On 27 March 2009, Mitchley signed for Conference North side Southport on loan for the rest of the 2008–09 season. They made their debut as a substitute the following day in the Sandgrounders 3–2 win over Stafford Rangers at Haig Avenue. They made a total of seven league appearances for Southport.
On 18 August 2009 they were loaned out to Northern Premier League side Burscough, along with fellow Blackpool player Mark Halstead. They made their debut on 22 August in a 0–4 home defeat to King's Lynn at Victoria Park. After two more substitute appearances, Mitchley made their full debut on 15 September in a 0–1 home loss to Stocksbridge Park Steels.
On 25 March 2010, Mitchley joined Conference National side Wrexham on a one-month loan deal. They made their debut two days later in a 3–0 win over Histon at the Racecourse Ground.
Non-league
On 27 October 2010, Burscough announced that they have captured the signing of Mitchley. They had a trial with Mansfield Town prior to them re-joining Burscough. They began their second stint at Burscough with a 3–2 defeat against F.C. Halifax Town.
Mitchley signed for Mansfield Town in November 2010 and scored on their debut against Forest Green Rovers, however was on the losing side, going down 2–1. They were originally released by Mansfield in May 2011, with still a year left on their contract, however they returned in the pre-season. Mansfield boss Paul Cox stated that Mitchley did not feature in their plans for 2011–12.
They joined Nuneaton Town on loan, and after scoring twice on their debut in the FA Cup, they failed to score again in 18 league appearances. They signed for Altrincham in the summer of 2012. Having struggled to break into the first team at Altrincham with only a handful of first team appearances, they went out on a 1-month loan spell to Marine. After returning to Altrincham, they had a second loan spell, this time at Kendal Town, where they scored on their debut.
Leaving Marine after four seasons, Mitchley moved to Radcliffe FC in the summer 2019. On 20 December 2019, they were loaned out to Witton Albion for one month. The deal was later extended for one mont further and they returned to Radcliffe on 20 February 2020.
In August 2020, they re-signed for Skelmersdale United of the North West Counties Football League, having spent five years away from the club.
Career statistics
Honours
Blackpool
Football League Championship play-off winner (1): 2009–10
Mansfield Town
FA Trophy runner-up (1): 2011
Challenge Cup winner 1): 2015-16
References
External links
Danny Mitchley profile at blackpoolfc.co.uk
Living people
1989 births
English footballers
Altrincham F.C. players
Blackpool F.C. players
English Football League players
Southport F.C. players
Wrexham A.F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Footballers from Liverpool
Burscough F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Marine F.C. players
Skelmersdale United F.C. players
Kendal Town F.C. players
Radcliffe F.C. players
Witton Albion F.C. players
Association football forwards
"International Blue" is a song by Manic Street Preachers, released as a single in December 2017. This song is the first single for the album Resistance Is Futile (2018), written by James Dean Bradfield, Nicky Wire and Sean Moore.
An alternative version called International Blue (The Bluer Skies Version) was released on the 9th of February 2018.
Background
Influences
The song is inspired on the artist Yves Klein, with Wire saying that "There was a joy to 'International Blue' that we weren't sure we could convey any more, the feeling of being in love with something like Yves Klein, to pass on the joy of that colour and that vividness – we weren't sure if we still had it in us. It sounds quite young." The band further added about the song that there's was certain naive energy and widescreen melancholia on the song that is reflected through the whole album, comparing it to "Motorcycle Emptiness". Furthermore, the album focused on "(...)things that make your life feel a little bit better. Rather than my internalised misery, I tried to put a sense of optimism into the lyrics by writing about things that we find really inspiring."
Music and themes
Stephen Dalton of LouderSound commented that "International Blue" was a "lithe and melodic rocker" and simultaneously "muscular" yet "light on its feet".
Bradfield added that the song "could have been on Futurology but there always comes a cut-off point where we go, 'We've got what we need, let's just improve on what we've got. This lyric is another travelogue-style inspiration. They [Nicky] went to Nice on a break and then they delved a little deeper and discovered new things, artists, and their lives. It's just that whole thing of discovering, moving forward – that's what our process is all about. It's passing the baton, running with it then passing it on again. It's that whole cumulative effect. The fact that it's about a place, it's about a painter, it's about a colour – it's all the things that inspire Nick in their lyric writing that then inspires us to put music to it."
Video
About the music video, Bradfield outlined that: "Kieran and Nick said that the backdrop just had to be Nice. It had to be another part of that thing where you have an idea of life and what it should be, if you have an aesthetic then if the visual source is already there then just go for it. When Nick gave me the lyric I just sensed that sense of freedom. And when they came back from holiday – they went to Nice for their wedding anniversary – they said they felt completely free when they were there with their wife."
Release
The track was released as a digital download on 8 December 2017. It was announced that there would be a limited edition blue 7" vinyl release available exclusively with independent record store pre orders of the album Resistance Is Futile. This was released on the 13 April 2018. The vinyl version of the single topped the official vinyl chart in the same week as the album was released.
Critical reception
The song received praise from music critics with PopMatters saying that "is the glue that holds the album together", finishing with "It is as if the band are holding a mirror up to their own classic, "Motorcycle Emptiness" as the riff glides in the opposite direction and James Dean Bradfield reflects the same youthful passion for the guitar. In an alternate reality, you could reasonably expect to hear it all over the radio in the same way "Design For Life" dominated the airwaves in the 1990s."
Meanwhile the NME said that the song "showcases their idiosyncratic knack of writing arena-ready anthems that smuggle in curveball cultural references. This time, it's honouring the vision of French artist Yves Klein, and it's the greatest hit for a band with too many to mention."
Track listing
Personnel
Manic Street Preachers
James Dean Bradfield – lead vocals, guitar
Nicky Wire – vocals, bass guitar
Sean Moore – drums
Charts
References
2017 singles
Manic Street Preachers songs
2017 songs
Songs written by Sean Moore (musician)
Songs written by Nicky Wire
Songs written by James Dean Bradfield
Unfold may refer to:
Science
Unfoldable cardinal, in mathematics
Unfold (higher-order function), in computer science a family of anamorphism functions
Unfoldment (disambiguation), in spirituality and physics
Unfolded protein response, in biochemistry
Equilibrium unfolding, in biochemistry
Unfolded state (denatured protein), in biochemistry
Maximum variance unfolding (semidefinite embedding), in computer science
Music
Unfold (Marié Digby album), 2008
Unfold (John O'Callaghan album), 2011
Unfold (The Necks album), 2017
"Unfold" (Porter Robinson song), 2021
"Unfold", a song by De La Soul from the 2016 album And the Anonymous Nobody...
See also
Fold (disambiguation)
Graphicomassa is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Columbellidae.
Species
Species within the genus Graphicomassa include:
Graphicomassa adiostina (Duclos, 1840)
Graphicomassa ligula (Duclos, 1840)
Graphicomassa margarita (Reeve, 1859)
Species brought into synonymy
Graphicomassa albina (Kiener, 1841): synonym of Graphicomassa ligula (Duclos, 1840)
References
deMaintenon M.J. (2016). On the identity of Graphicomassa albina (Kiener, 1841) (Gastropoda: Columbellidae). Zoosystema. 38(1): 43-48
External links
Adams H. & Adams A. (1853-1858). The genera of Recent Mollusca; arranged according to their organization. London, van Voorst. Vol. 1: xl + 484 pp.; vol. 2: 661 pp.; vol. 3: 138 pls. [Published in parts: Vol. 1: i-xl (1858), 1-256 (1853), 257-484 (1854). Vol. 2: 1-92 (1854), 93-284 (1855), 285-412 (1856), 413-540 (1857), 541-661 (1858). Vol. 3: pl. 1-32 (1853), 33-96 (1855), 97-112 (1856), 113-128 (1857), 129-138 (1858)
Iredale, T. (1929). Queensland molluscan notes, no. 1. Memoirs of the Queensland Museum. 9(3): 261-297, pls 30-31
Columbellidae
Gastropod genera
Volodymyrivka may refer to the following places in Ukraine:
Crimea
Volodymyrivka, Bilohirsk Raion, Crimea, village in Bilohirsk Raion
Volodymyrivka, Chornomorske Raion, Crimea, village in Chornomorske Raion
Volodymyrivka, Saky Raion, Crimea, village in Saky Raion
Donetsk Oblast
Volodymyrivka, Bakhmut Raion, Donetsk Oblast, village in Bakhmut Raion
Volodymyrivka, Pokrovsk Raion, Donetsk Oblast, village in Pokrovsk Raion
Volodymyrivka, Volnovakha Raion, Donetsk Oblast, urban-type settlement in Volnovakha Raion
Kirovohrad Oblast
Volodymyrivka, Holovanivsk Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Holovanivsk Raion
Volodymyrivka (excavation site), archaeological site in the above village
Volodymyrivka, Katerynivka rural hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Katerynivka rural hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion
Volodymyrivka, Kompaniivka settlement hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Kompaniivka settlement hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion
Volodymyrivka, Subottsi rural hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Subottsi rural hromada, Kropyvnytskyi Raion
Volodymyrivka, Novoukrainka Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Novoukrainka Raion
Volodymyrivka, Oleksandriia Raion, Kirovohrad Oblast, village in Oleksandriia Raion
Luhansk Oblast
Volodymyrivka, Luhansk Oblast, village in Svatove Raion
Zhytomyr Oblast
Volodymyrivka, Baranivka urban hromada, Novohrad-Volynskyi Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, village in Baranivka urban hromada, Novohrad-Volynskyi Raion
Volodymyrivka, Yemilchyne settlement hromada, Novohrad-Volynskyi Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, village in Yemilchyne settlement hromada, Novohrad-Volynskyi Raion
See also
:uk:Володимирівка, a more extensive list in Ukrainian Wiki
Monocrystalline silicon, more often called single-crystal silicon, in short mono c-Si or mono-Si, is the base material for silicon-based discrete components and integrated circuits used in virtually all modern electronic equipment. Mono-Si also serves as a photovoltaic, light-absorbing material in the manufacture of solar cells.
It consists of silicon in which the crystal lattice of the entire solid is continuous, unbroken to its edges, and free of any grain boundaries (i.e. a single crystal). Mono-Si can be prepared as an intrinsic semiconductor that consists only of exceedingly pure silicon, or it can be doped by the addition of other elements such as boron or phosphorus to make p-type or n-type silicon. Due to its semiconducting properties, single-crystal silicon is perhaps the most important technological material of the last few decades—the "silicon era", because its availability at an affordable cost has been essential for the development of the electronic devices on which the present-day electronics and IT revolution is based.
Monocrystalline silicon differs from other allotropic forms, such as non-crystalline amorphous silicon—used in thin-film solar cells—and polycrystalline silicon, which consists of small crystals known as crystallites.
Production
Monocrystalline silicon is generally created by one of several methods that involve melting high-purity, semiconductor-grade silicon (only a few parts per million of impurities) and the use of a seed to initiate the formation of a continuous single crystal. This process is normally performed in an inert atmosphere, such as argon, and in an inert crucible, such as quartz, to avoid impurities that would affect the crystal uniformity.
The most common production technique is the Czochralski method, which dips a precisely oriented rod-mounted seed crystal into the molten silicon. The rod is then slowly pulled upwards and rotated simultaneously, allowing the pulled material to solidify into a monocrystalline cylindrical ingot up to 2 meters in length and weighing several hundred kilograms. Magnetic fields may also be applied to control and suppress turbulent flow, further improving the uniformity of the crystallization. Other methods are zone melting, which passes a polycrystalline silicon rod through a radiofrequency heating coil that creates a localized molten zone, from which a seed crystal ingot grows, and Bridgman techniques, which move the crucible through a temperature gradient to cool it from the end of the container containing the seed. The solidified ingots are then sliced into thin wafers during a process called wafering. After post-wafering processing, the wafers are ready for use in fabrication.
Compared to the casting of polycrystalline ingots, the production of monocrystalline silicon is very slow and expensive. However, the demand for mono-Si continues to rise due to the superior electronic properties—the lack of grain boundaries allows better charge carrier flow and prevents electron recombination—allowing improved performance of integrated circuits and photovoltaics.
In electronics
The primary application of monocrystalline silicon is in the production of discrete components and integrated circuits. Ingots made by the Czochralski method are sliced into wafers about 0.75 mm thick and polished to obtain a regular, flat substrate, onto which microelectronic devices are built through various microfabrication processes, such as doping or ion implantation, etching, deposition of various materials, and photolithographic patterning.
A single continuous crystal is critical for electronics, since grain boundaries, impurities, and crystallographic defects can significantly impact the local electronic properties of the material, which in turn affects the functionality, performance, and reliability of semiconductor devices by interfering with their proper operation. For example, without crystalline perfection, it would be virtually impossible to build very large-scale integration (VLSI) devices, in which billions of transistor-based circuits, all of which must function reliably, are combined into a single chip to form a microprocessor. As such, the electronics industry has invested heavily in facilities to produce large single crystals of silicon.
In solar cells
Monocrystalline silicon is also used for high-performance photovoltaic (PV) devices. Since there are less stringent demands on structural imperfections compared to microelectronics applications, lower-quality solar-grade silicon (Sog-Si) is often used for solar cells. Despite this, the monocrystalline-silicon photovoltaic industry has benefitted greatly from the development of faster mono-Si production methods for the electronics industry.
Market share
Being the second most common form of PV technology, monocrystalline silicon is ranked behind only its sister, polycrystalline silicon. Due to the significantly higher production rate and steadily decreasing costs of poly-silicon, the market share of mono-Si has been decreasing: in 2013, monocrystalline solar cells had a market share of 36%, which translated into the production of 12.6 GW of photovoltaic capacity, but the market share had dropped below 25% by 2016. Despite the lowered market share, the equivalent mono-Si PV capacity produced in 2016 was 20.2 GW, indicating a significant increase in the overall production of photovoltaic technologies.
Efficiency
With a recorded single-junction cell lab efficiency of 26.7%, monocrystalline silicon has the highest confirmed conversion efficiency out of all commercial PV technologies, ahead of poly-Si (22.3%) and established thin-film technologies, such as CIGS cells (21.7%), CdTe cells (21.0%), and a-Si cells (10.2%). Solar module efficiencies for mono-Si—which are always lower than those of their corresponding cells—finally crossed the 20% mark for in 2012 and hit 24.4% in 2016. The high efficiency is largely attributable to the lack of recombination sites in the single crystal and better absorption of photons due to its black color, as compared to the characteristic blue hue of poly-silicon. Since they are more expensive than their polycrystalline counterparts, mono-Si cells are useful for applications where the main considerations are limitations on weight or available area.
Manufacturing
Besides the low production rate, there are also concerns over wasted material in the manufacturing process. Creating space-efficient solar panels requires cutting the circular wafers (a product of the cylindrical ingots formed through the Czochralski process) into octagonal cells that can be packed closely together. The leftover material is not used to create PV cells and is either discarded or recycled by going back to ingot production for melting. Furthermore, even though mono-Si cells can absorb the majority of photons within 20 μm of the incident surface, limitations on the ingot sawing process mean commercial wafer thickness are generally around 200 μm. However, advances in technology are expected to reduce wafer thicknesses to 140 μm by 2026.
Other manufacturing methods are being researched, such as direct wafer epitaxial growth, which involves growing gaseous layers on reusable silicon substrates. Newer processes may allow growth of square crystals that can then be processed into thinner wafers without compromising quality or efficiency, thereby eliminating the waste from traditional ingot sawing and cutting methods.
Appearance
References
Silicon, Monocrystaline
Crystals
Silicon solar cells
Silicon forms
Thomas Carrique (born 26 February 1999) is a French professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Spanish club Celta de Vigo B.
Club career
Carrique joined the FC Girondins de Bordeaux academy in 2015 after years of impressing against them with their local club FC Lourdes. They made their professional debut for Bordeaux in a 3–0 Ligue 1 loss to Strasbourg on 8 December 2017, playing the full 90 minutes.
On 25 July 2021, they joined Spanish Primera División RFEF club Celta B.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
LFP Profile
Girondins Profile
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Tarbes
French footballers
Association football defenders
Ligue 1 players
Championnat National 2 players
Championnat National 3 players
FC Girondins de Bordeaux players
Primera Federación players
Segunda División B players
UD Logroñés players
CD Calahorra players
Celta de Vigo B players
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Footballers from Occitania (administrative region)
Ch'iyar Jaqhi (Aymara ch'iyara black, jaqhi precipice, cliff, "black cliff", also spelled Chiar Jakke) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about high. It lies in the Oruro Department, Sajama Province, in the north of the Turco Municipality. Ch'iyar Jaqhi is situated north-west of the mountains Yaritani and Wankarani.
References
Mountains of Oruro Department
Lawnie Wallace is a Canadian country singer. Wallace recorded one studio album for MCA Canada, 1995's Thought I Was Dreaming. Four singles from the album charted on the RPM Country Tracks chart in Canada, including the number 8-peaking title track.
Biography
Wallace was born in Stouffville, Ontario, Canada. At age seven they began performing and writing songs. At the age of fifteen Wallace signed a publishing deal with TMP Publishing, and an artist development deal with Warner Chappell. After relocating to Nashville they began co-writing songs.
Before the age of seventeen Wallace had signed a major record deal with MCA Records and began touring to promote their first album Thought I was Dreaming. Following this tour they took a break from the stage, working with students wanting to get into the Radio and TV business. In 2015 Wallace released their second album, The Lost Years, and has returned to performing live with their band The Chosen Ones.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
Canadian women country singers
Canadian country singer-songwriters
Living people
MCA Records artists
1977 births
Musicians from Ontario
21st-century Canadian women singers
Robert Hunt Parker (1892–1969) was an American jurist who served as an associate justice and chief justice of the North Carolina Supreme Court.
Born in Enfield, North Carolina, on February 15, 1892, Parker served in the United States Army during World War I. They were elected to the North Carolina House of Representatives and served one term (1923–24). They were a state superior court judge, 1932–1952; associate justice of the state supreme court, 1952–66; and finally Chief Justice of the state supreme court, 1966-69. Parker died in office on November 10, 1969.
The North Carolina Literary & Historical Association sponsors the R. Hunt Parker Memorial Award in their memory.
References
Political Graveyard
Archive of NC Manual
1892 births
1969 deaths
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
Chief Justices of the North Carolina Supreme Court
20th-century American judges
People from Enfield, North Carolina
Military personnel from North Carolina
20th-century American politicians
United States Army personnel of World War I
The Kohima Stone Inscription () or the Gambhir Singh's Stone () is a Meitei language stone inscription, erected by Meitei King Raja Gambhir Singh () of Manipur kingdom in Kohima (), the capital of Nagaland. It was erected in 1833 AD as a mark of Manipuri conquest and supremacy over the Naga Hills in 1832 AD. It was inscribed in sanskritised Manipuri language (Meitei language) in Bengali script. Manipuri King Raja Gambhir Singh () conquered the whole Naga Hills with their military power of Manipur Levy. It was after they had finally defeated the Angami Nagas of Kohima that the historic testimonial stone inscription was erected.
History
Manipuri influence over the Naga ethnic groups declined during a period before and after the Burmese war of 1819-25. However, it was re-asserted during the time of Raja Gambhir Singh (). They reduced many ethnic villages, including Kohima, at which they stood upon the stone and had their footprints sculpted on it as a token of conquest. Kohima and its surrounding villages were the boundaries of Manipur. The Nagas greatly respected this stone and cleaned it from time to time
Importance
The stone is so much important that it is frequently mentioned in many land laws and orders announced by the British Government of Naga Hills. One famous example is the Order of W.J. Williamson, a British Political Agent of Naga Hills on the 19th April, 1880.
The stone inscription is notably mentioned in the "My Experiences in Manipur and the Naga hills" (1896) by Colonel Sir James Johnstone, the then Political Agent of Manipur, and the The Meitheis (1908) written by Thomas Callan Hodson, the then Political Agent of Manipur.
See also
Konthoujam Lairembi Stone Inscription
References
Meitei inscriptions
The 26th Satellite Awards are an award ceremony honoring the year's outstanding performers, films and television shows, presented by the International Press Academy.
The nominations were announced on December 1, 2021. The winners were announced on April 2, 2022.
Special achievement awards
Auteur Award (for singular vision and unique artistic control over the elements of production) – Lin-Manuel Miranda
Honorary Satellite Award – Jenifer Lewis
Humanitarian Award (for making a difference in the lives of those in the artistic community and beyond) – Val Kilmer
Mary Pickford Award (for outstanding artistic contribution to the entertainment industry) – Tom Skerritt
Nikola Tesla Award (for visionary achievement in filmmaking technology) – Joan Collins Carey
Breakthrough Performance Award – Artur Amanaliev (Shambala)
Best First Feature – Halle Berry (Bruised)
Stunt Performance Award – The Suicide Squad
Ensemble: Motion Picture – The Power of the DogEnsemble: Television – Succession''
Motion picture winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Films with multiple nominations
Films with multiple wins
Television winners and nominees
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold.
Series with multiple nominations
Series with multiple wins
References
External links
International Press Academy website
Satellite Awards ceremonies
2021 film awards
2021 television awards
2022 in California
April 2022 events in the United States
"Take Me Bak 'Ome" is a song by the British rock band Slade, released in 1972 as a non-album single. It was written by lead vocalist Noddy Holder and bassist Jim Lea, and produced by Chas Chandler. It reached No. 1 in the UK, giving the band their second number one single, and remained in the charts for thirteen weeks. The song was certified UK Silver by BPI in 1972. In the United States, the song reached No. 97. The song would be included on the band's 1973 compilation album Sladest.
Background
After achieving their breakthrough hit with "Get Down and Get With It" in 1971, Slade would continue to achieve further success with their follow-up singles "Coz I Luv You" and "Look Wot You Dun", and the live album Slade Alive!. In May 1972, the band released "Take Me Bak' Ome", which reached No. 1 in the UK and was a hit across Europe and beyond. In the United States, the song was the band's chart debut on the Billboard Hot 100, where it reached No. 97.
Shortly after the single's release, Slade played at the Great Western Festival near Lincoln. Before their performance, the band had fears over whether or not they could win over the 50,000-strong crowd. Now deemed a 'pop band', the announcement of their imminent appearance on the stage was met with outbreaks of booing from the audience. However, the band triumphed at the festival, the music press praised the performance and "Take Me Bak 'Ome" went on to reach No. 1 at the beginning of July. In a 1972 interview with Sounds, guitarist Dave Hill described the song as a "live, earth-dirt song". They said: "I felt much more out of that than I did from all the rest, it projected more, and it wasn't just a hit record. I didn't know if that kind of song could make it, and it was great having a thick, dirty song up at number one."
"Take Me Bak 'Ome" was the next single after "Coz I Luv You" to be written by the band's successful Holder/Lea songwriting partnership. In the band's 1984 biography Feel the Noize!, Lea recalled: ""Take Me Bak 'Ome" was an old song I'd had kicking around for ages. I re-vamped it a bit and nicked a phrase or two from The Beatles' "Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey". Nobody ever noticed." During the recording of the song, Holder ab-libbed over the riff in the middle of the song. Lea suggested they change the ab-libs after the original one gave them the idea for the band's next single "Mama Weer All Crazee Now".
Release
"Take Me Bak 'Ome" was released on 7" vinyl by Polydor Records in the UK, Ireland, across Europe, Scandinavia, Turkey, America, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, Israel, Lebanon, Singapore and Japan. The B-side, "Wonderin' Y", was exclusive to the single and would appear on the band's 2007 compilation B-Sides.
Promotion
No music video was filmed to promote the single. In the UK, the band performed the song on the music show Top of the Pops, Lift Off with Ayshea and 2Gs and the Pop People. It was also performed on Sports En Fete France and TopPop. In 1973, the song was performed on the Dutch show Popgala.
Critical reception
Upon release, Record Mirror described the song as a "riff-based number" and commented on Holder's "strident, straight-through-a-brick-wall voice". They concluded: "Powerful and rocking - and their best yet for me". New Musical Express said the song was a "strong rocker", showing the "power and punch the band proudly sports" in comparison to the previous two singles. In a retrospective song review by AllMusic, Dave Thompson said: "Neither of its predecessors, "Coz I Luv You" or "Look Wot You Dun," had attempted to capture the feel of Slade in full flight. Holder and Jim Lea's "Take Me Bak 'Ome" was custom-built to relieve that deficiency."
Track listing
7" single
"Take Me Bak 'Ome" - 3:13
"Wonderin' Y" - 2:48
7" single (Singapore E.P.)
"Take Me Bak 'Ome" - 3:13
"Wonderin' Y" - 2:48
"Darlin' Be Home Soon" - 5:43
"Know Who You Are" - 3:37
Cover versions
In 1973, Vandyke Brown, Unicorn Express and Indigo Blue recorded the song along with Slade tracks "Cum On Feel the Noize" and "Coz I Luv You" for the album A Million Copy Hit Songs Made Famous by Slade, T. Rex, Sweet.
Personnel
Slade
Noddy Holder - lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Dave Hill - lead guitar, backing vocals
Jim Lea - bass, backing vocals
Don Powell - drums
Production
Chas Chandler - producer
Charts
References
1972 songs
1972 singles
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Slade songs
Songs written by Noddy Holder
Songs written by Jim Lea
Song recordings produced by Chas Chandler
The Maspalomas Dunes () are sand dunes located on the south coast of the island of Gran Canaria, Province of Las Palmas, in the Canary Islands. A area of the municipality of San Bartolomé de Tirajana, they have been protected as a nature reserve since 1987. They were one of the contenders in the 12 Treasures of Spain competition.
They were formed by sand from the now subdued marine shelf, when it was laid dry during the last ice age and the wind blew the sand towards the coast of the island.
References
Dunes of Spain
Protected areas of the Canary Islands
Landforms of Gran Canaria
Joseph Bertram Sleeman (21 June 1885 – 6 July 1970) was an Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1924 to 1959, representing the seat of Fremantle. They served as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly from 1939 to 1947.
Sleeman was born in the small country town of Inglewood, Victoria. They and their parents moved to Western Australia in 1895, and they attended school in Day Dawn, a mining town in the state's Mid West. After working for a period as a storeman in Leonora, Sleeman moved to Fremantle (the port city of Perth), where they began working as an organiser for the Shop Assistants Union. At the 1924 state election, they stood for the seat of Fremantle, and defeated the sitting Nationalist member, Frank Gibson. Following the 1939 election, Sleeman was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, going on to serve until the Labor government's defeat at the 1947 election. Only two other speakers have served for longer periods – Sir James Lee-Steere and John Hearman. Sleeman continued in parliament until their retirement at the 1959 election, having spent nearly 35 years as the member for Fremantle. They died in July 1970, aged 85.
In 1992 Joe Sleeman Court, a housing complex on South Terrace, was named in Sleeman's honour and dedicated by the then MLA for Fremantle, Jim McGinty.
References
1885 births
1970 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian trade unionists
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Inglewood, Victoria
20th-century Australian politicians
People from Day Dawn
Santa Maria del Sasso, also known as the Sanctuary of Santa Maria del Sasso is a Renaissance church near Bibbiena in Tuscany, Italy.
The first church on the site was constructed in 1347 following a reported appearance of the Virgin Mary on 23 June 1347. The current building was commissioned by Lorenzo de' Medici and constructed by Giuliano da Maiano starting in 1486. Following a visit by Savonarola in 1495 the work was expanded to include a convent and sanctuary. It was given the status of minor basilica in 1942.
In the centre of the church there is a tempietto or free-standing chapel containing a fresco of the Madonna and child by Bicci di Lorenzo. There is an altarpiece of Christ and John the Baptist in polychrome terracotta by Giovanni della Robbia, and another Madonna and child by Fra Paolo da Pistoia.
References
Churches in the province of Arezzo
15th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Renaissance architecture in Tuscany
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1487
Bibbieno
Osama Hassan Ahmed Mohammed (اسامة حسان أحمد) was arrested on 28 September 1998 in the United Kingdom under accusation of membership in al-Jihad. Along with seven other Middle Eastern men living in Britain, they were arrested in a raid called Operation Challenge, planned by the Met, MI5, and the FBI and approved under the Prevention of Terrorism Act 1989. They were all released on lack of evidence but police quickly re-arrested Mohammed on grounds of national security. They were sentenced to five years in prison with hard labour. The home office attempted to deport them to Cairo but the Egyptian government pushed back, saying they could not "guarantee their safety." Six months after the arrests, British Muslims staged a demonstration in front of 10 Downing Street to protest the continued incarceration of the seven men.
In 1998, just prior to their arrest, Mohammed came to the UK from Albania. Their wife, who lived in Hayes with their four children, had cancer.
References
Egyptian Islamic Jihad
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Quirino Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Quirino.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into two districts, each having four seats. A voter votes up to four names, with the top four candidates per district being elected. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is not coextensive with the legislative district of Quirino; unlike congressional representation which is at-large, Quirino is divided into two districts for representation in the Sangguniang Panlalawigan.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL). Quirino's provincial board also has a reserved seat for its indigenous people (IPMR).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2019 local elections and 2018 barangay and SK elections:
Vice Governor: Julius Vaquilar (PDP–Laban)
References
Politics of Quirino
Provincial boards in the Philippines
The Hospital Universitario del Henares is a hospital in Coslada, Spain, part of the hospital network of the Servicio Madrileño de Salud (SERMAS). The non-medical services are managed by Sacyr.
History
Featuring 194 beds and 7 operating rooms, with a built surface of 58,149 m2 on a plot of 80,000 m2, it was opened on 11 February 2008. It provides medical attention to the municipalities of Coslada, San Fernando de Henares, Mejorada del Campo, Loeches and Velilla de San Antonio.
The regional Health minister of the Community of Madrid Javier Fernández-Lasquetty planned to fully externalise the management of the hospital by 2013 (along other 5 hospitals in the region), yet the process was suspended by the Superior Court of Justice of Madrid.
The construction company Sacyr was awarded with the 100% of the services of the hospital (excluding the medical attention) until 2041. Sacyr sold in 2014 nearly the half of its licensees to an investment fund linked to Lloyds Bank.
According to the Audiencia Nacional, the People's Party committed an embezzlement for the value of 258,297 euros when allocating the contracts of the hospital, setting 1% kickbacks.
References
Coslada
Hospitals in the Community of Madrid
1955 Meistaradeildin was the 13th season of top-tier football on the Faroe Islands.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
Kakugyo (Tenbun 10, January 15 (1541 February 10) - Shōhō 3, June 3 (1646 July 15)) was a man who was worshipped as the founder of the faith by those who formed the Fuji-kō religion during the Edo period. Fuji-kō]], who was worshipped as the founder of the faith by those who formed the Fuji-kō during the Edo period.  They are a descendant of Kamatari Fujiwara. They were born as the son of Hara Hisamitsu, a samurai of Nagasaki. Common name, Hasegawa Sakon Fujiwara Kunitake.
Biography
There are several types of biographies of Kakugyo, each with different contents. However, they all have in common that they were born after their parents prayed to the Big Dipper (or Nokushin Myōmi Bosatsu), hoping for an end to the warfare that had been raging since the Onin era, and for a peaceful nation. If we understand Kakugyo's behavior based on these common articles, it is as follows.
Kakugyo, who was originally a Shugendo ascetic, completed their ascetic training in Hitariku Province (according to one theory, in Fujigara-cho, Mito) and came to Tatsuya Cave in Mutsu Province (famous for the legend of King Evil). Shizuoka Prefecture Fujiomiya City. In Eiroku 3 (1560), they were given the name "Kakugyo" after they practiced asceticism for 1,000 days standing on a 4'5" square piece of wood.
In 1560, Kakugyo was given the name "Kakugyo". Thereafter, Kakugyo traveled around the country, repeatedly climbing Mt. Fuji and doing water purification, and as they achieved their training, they were given unique spell marks and mandalas called "fusegi" and "ominuki" by Sengen Dainichi. The "fusegi" is said to have been particularly effective in curing illnesses, and was distributed to tens of thousands of people to help them when epidemics spread in Edo.
History
Their successors were Nichigyo Nichigan the Second, Akaba Gansin the Third, Maeno Getsugan the Fourth, and Murakami Gatsushin the Fifth. After the death of Murakami Gekishin, Gekishin's second son, the sixth Murakami Mitsukiyo (1682 - 1759), became a member of the Mitsukiyo sect (Fuji Gohouke), and a disciple of Gekishin or Gekishin. There is also the Miroku school (1671 - 1733).
Since the Jinroku school allowed branch schools, it gave rise to many other schools, including the Seikou, Ise, and Izumo schools, which are commonly called the "eight hundred and eight schools. From among these, the mainstream was formed by Kotani Mishi, who claimed to be related to Shokugyo's third daughter, Ito Ikko (Ohana or Hanako), who worshipped a mixture of Shinto and Buddhism, and formed Fuji-do as a Shinto sect. Around the time of the Meiji Restoration, the Shinto sects were largely separated into Kodo-kyo led by Shibata Hanamori and Fuso-kyo led by Shishino Han.。Maruyama Kyo was also born, but there were also several schools that remained intact.
The Kousei school (Fuji Gohouke) ceased to exist in the Showa period (1926-1989) because it did not allow branch courses, but Fuji Kyo exists as the successor to the Kousei school.。
References
External links
[ 長谷川角行] - 『本朝神仙記伝』 宮地厳夫著(本朝神仙記伝発行所, 1929)
1646 deaths
1541 births
Japanese religious leaders
People of Sengoku-period Japan
Fuji worship
The Theban Tomb TT96 (sometimes known as the "Tomb of the Vineyards" due to its decoration) is located in Sheikh Abd el-Qurna. It forms part of the Theban Necropolis, situated on the west bank of the Nile opposite Luxor. The edifice is the burial place of the ancient Egyptian noble, Sennefer and wife Meryt.
Tomb
The tomb is entered by a steep tunnel, which opens into a low chamber covered with painted decoration. This small chamber shows Sennefer entering the Underworld, with servants carrying boxes and a bed for their tomb. Passing through this chamber, the main burial chamber is reached through a doorway guarded by jackals The south wall show the funeral procession, the west wall shows offerings and the ritual journey to Abydos. The north wall shows Sennefer and their wife worshipping Osiris and Anubis, it also shows the embalming chamber, and purification of Sennefer and Meryt by a priest of the mortuary temple of Thutmose III. One of decorations has a graffito added at a much later date, showing that the tomb was open during the Greco-Roman period. The east wall again shows scenes of offerings and libation, the false doorway, through which Sennefer and Meryt are shown 'going forth by day'. The ceiling has three lines of hieroglyphic on the ceiling, two between the pillars, and further lines of text at the top of three of the pillars.
The pillars show scenes of Meryt offering myrrh, food offerings and lotus flowers to Sennefer, and scenes with Sennefer seated in the shade of trees with a table of refreshments, the fourth pillar shows Sennefer surrounded by priests while they stand on a hill of sand, part of the opening of the mouth ceremony.
See also
List of Theban tombs
References
Further reading
Buildings and structures completed in the 15th century BC
Theban tombs
Physics Letters was a scientific journal published from 1962 to 1966, when it split in two series now published by Elsevier:
Physics Letters A: condensed matter physics, theoretical physics, nonlinear science, statistical physics, mathematical and computational physics, general and cross-disciplinary physics (including foundations), atomic, molecular and cluster physics, plasma and fluid physics, optical physics, biological physics and nanoscience.
Physics Letters B: nuclear physics, theoretical nuclear physics, experimental high-energy physics, theoretical high-energy physics, and astrophysics.
Physics Letters B is part of the SCOAP3 initiative.
References
See also
List of periodicals published by Elsevier
Physics journals
Publications established in 1962
Elsevier academic journals
Stephen Ralph Tredre (17 July 1963 – 8 December 1997) was an English actor and writer.
The son of a doctor, they were born in London and educated at Epsom College, appearing as the lead role in a school production of Hamlet. Tredre also wrote articles for the school magazine, which was edited by their brother. After studying drama and English at Exeter University, they graduated from the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Following graduation, they appeared on the stage in Manchester and London, and then in film and television productions such as ITV's The Bill. While on the set of Dark Season, Tredre met actor Kate Winslet with whom they had a five-year relationship, starting when they were 15 years old and 12 years their junior. The couple broke up in 1995, at Tredre's insistence.
Tredre began to write while still working as an actor. Having had scripts accepted to the BBC soap opera EastEnders, they then joined the soap's rota of writers. After being diagnosed with cancer in 1996, they wrote the short personal memoir film Between Dreams, and had their six-part legal series Fish accepted by the BBC, which cast Paul McGann in the lead role. Tredre finished an EastEnders script from their bed in their home in Islington, two weeks before their death from bone cancer on 8 December 1997 (soon after Winslet completed filming Titanic). Attending their funeral caused them to miss the film's premiere in Los Angeles on 14 December.
Filmography
Dark Season – 1991
She-Wolf of London – 1991
The Bill – 1990
References
External links
Male actors from London
People educated at Epsom College
Alumni of the University of Exeter
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
English male stage actors
English male television actors
Deaths from bone cancer
1963 births
1997 deaths
English male screenwriters
Writers from London
20th-century English dramatists and playwrights
20th-century English male actors
English male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century English male writers
20th-century English screenwriters
Ciputra Waterpark is a waterpark located in Surabaya. It is one of the biggest waterparks in Southeast Asia. It is located at the western part of Surabaya.
External links
Buildings and structures in Surabaya
Amusement parks in Indonesia
Tourist attractions in East Java
Petros Bourdoulis (born 13 September 1970 in Georgian SSR) is a Greek former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Greece
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Greek male sport wrestlers
Male sport wrestlers from Georgia (country)
The Puma Blues was a comic book written by Stephen Murphy and drawn by Michael Zulli. It ran from June 1986 to early 1989, stretching over 23 regular issues and a single "half-issue" minicomic. In 2015 it was re-issued in a collected edition by Dover Comics & Graphic Novels with a new 40-page conclusion by Murphy and Zulli.
Published first by Aardvark One International and later by Mirage Studios, the story is set around the millennium and follows Gavia Immer, a governmental fauna agent (aka game warden), as they go through an existential dilemma while watching videos their father left for them after their death.
The comic book's detailed artwork by Michael Zulli, which focused primarily on wildlife and nature, was superposed to a loose narrative with a druggy, dreamy, new age apocalyptic atmosphere. This de-structuralizing of the main narrative increased dramatically in later issues, with the second half of the series often taking the form of illustrated prose poetry within an associative narrative.
Storyline
Issue #1 begins in March of the year 2000 (fourteen years in the future, by the comic's original publication date). It's a world of space shuttle passenger service, humanoid robotic workers, fully armored taxicabs, and children in gas masks—and is a world without the Bronx. It seems that on April 20, 1995, a white supremacist group attempted to kidnap the President during a visit to New York City. During the ensuing gunplay, a member of the group detonated a nuclear device, and five years later the Northeastern United States is still in recovery.
U.S. Agent Gavia Immer (sharing a name with the common loon) is stationed by the U.S. military in a cabin in the woods of the Quabbin Reservoir in Massachusetts. Their new job consists of displacing mutated animals ("animutes" or "biomutes") and collecting pH samples of the reservoir, which is frequently limed to compensate for the effects of acid rain.
Gavia is alone at this cabin (save for an occasional trespasser and the puma that stalks the mountains above the reservoir) but is in contact with their superiors through a video conferencing system, which they also use to speak to their mother.
Haunted by their unresolved relationship with their late father, four years gone, they spend many nights watching a series of videotapes their father made documenting their search for truth—something Gavia also desperately seeks.
Among the questions needing answers is that of a colony of flying manta rays—the principal "animute" inhabiting the reservoir. Although the government is aware of their existence, of chief concern at the story's outset is the origin of their mutation, as well as the importance of keeping the creatures a secret.
Starting with issue #21 the story skips two years ahead, and follows Gavia as they leave the service and begins to travel cross-country.
Themes
A strong message of environmental responsibility runs throughout the series. In one of the most memorable scenes of the comic's run, a wealthy old woman enjoys a drive through the country with their robotic chauffeur. They see a cluster of flowers with an aluminum can beside it and urgently requests the car pull over. They then asks the chauffeur to pick the flowers for her, leaving the can behind.
Most issues include sections called "Notes on the Environment" and "The Fraying Weave", which offered facts and often frightening statistics related to tropical rain forests, endangered animals, and other environmental concerns.
Publication history
The Puma Blues consisted of three separate story arcs with two stand-alone issues; the first and second arcs were later collected in trade paperback form by Mirage Studios. It was announced in issue #22 that the third story arc, Under a Deep Blue Sun, would conclude in issue #26; however, this arc ultimately remained unfinished as The Puma Blues ended with issue #23. The 2015 hardcover collection reprints material from the 23 published issues and mini-comic, with an additional 40-page chapter wrapping up the story.
The story arcs ran as follows:
Issues #1–12—Book One: "Watch That Man" (Aardvark One International)
Issues #13–19—Book Two: "Sense of Doubt" (Aardvark One International #1–17, self-published #18–19)
Issue #20 "Eat or Be Eaten" (self-published benefit issue)
Issues #21–23—Book Three: "Under a Deep Blue Sun" (intended to end at #26, Mirage Studios)
Issue #24 "Mobile" (16-page minicomic, Mirage Studios)
The Complete Saga in One Volume: "Poor Little Greenie"
Collected editions
The Puma Blues: Book One—Watch That Man (Mirage Studios)
The Puma Blues: Book Two—Sense of Doubt (Mirage Studios)
The Puma Blues: The Complete Saga in One Volume (Dover Comics & Graphic Novels)
Distribution controversy
In 1987, The Puma Blues publisher Dave Sim fell into dispute with Diamond Comic Distributors over their decision not to use Diamond to distribute the Cerebus graphic novel High Society. As a result, Diamond's National Account Representative William D. Schanes informed Sim: "If it is your intention to pick and choose which products you want distributors to carry, it should be our privilege to choose what we wish to distribute. Therefore, it is our feeling we should no longer carry and promote Puma Blues." At that time, Diamond distributed an estimated 33% of the series' print run. The Puma Blues creators Murphy and Zulli responded with an open letter titled "Not Fade Away", stating their intent to continue with or without Diamond's support. They then moved publication of The Puma Blues to Mirage Studios.
This incident was one of the primary factors leading to Sim's participation in developing the Creator's Bill of Rights (which was signed by both Murphy and Zulli).
This incident also led to Puma Blues #20, a special issue to benefit Murphy and Zulli created by multiple authors including Stephen Murphy, Alan Moore, Chester Brown, Dave Sim, Peter Laird, and Stephen R. Bissette.
Critical acclaim
The series received praise from Alan Moore ("quite impressive, quite ambitious"), Neil Gaiman ("intelligent and urgent mythology for the end of the millennium"), The Village Voice ("difficult but intriguing"), The Comics Journal ("Zulli's wildlife art is utterly breathtaking"), and Peter Laird ("a multi-level, imaginative, lushly-rendered story").
The relative low print runs of The Puma Blues, coupled with Zulli's later popularity (primarily due to their work on Neil Gaiman's The Sandman) has made it a popular cult comic among both fans and collectors.
A lengthy tribute to and analysis of the series by Steve Bissette was included in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Soul's Winter, a 2007 trade paperback collecting Zulli & Murphy's work on Eastman and Laird's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Rolling Stone chose The Puma Blues collection as “One of the 50 best non-superhero graphic novels of all time”.
Notes
References
Interview with Steve Bissette about the Creator's Bill of Rights
External links
Comic Geek Speak—Mr. Phil discusses Puma Blues
Jog the Blog (July 4, 2006)—the (a)typical Puma Blues reading experience, through an in-depth examination of issue #18.
Indie Spinner Rack (April 2007)—discussion of Puma Blues
Partial cover gallery (issues #1-17)
1986 comics debuts
Comics publications
Aardvark-Vanaheim titles
Mirage Studios titles
Fantasy comics
Comics set in Massachusetts
Fiction set in 2000
The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis, Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Thermopolis was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Thermopolis Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Hot Springs County, Wyoming
Beaux-Arts architecture in Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1933
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Hot Springs County, Wyoming
1933 establishments in Wyoming
Ezia Gavazza (1928-18 April 2019) was an Italian art historian. Along with their friends and colleagues Lauro Magnani and Piero Boccardo, they were one of the most prolific writers in Genoa on Baroque art. They specialised in the Ligurian Baroque, particularly Domenico Piola, Giulio Benso, Giovanni Andrea Ansaldo, Grechetto and Bernardo Strozzi.
Life
Born in Pozzolo Formigaro, for several years they held the chair in Modern Art History at the University of Genoa before being made Professor Emerita by minister Fabio Mussi. They were a city counsellor for the PCI and also took a major part in Genoa's cultural life by organising exhibitions, publications and specialist conferences. In their final years they settled in the historic city centre of Genoa and continued to collaborate in the city's cultural and academic life. They died in Genoa aged 91.
They trained several important art critics, art historians and academics such as Lauro Magnani and Piero Boccardo, director of Genoa's Strada Nuova Museums. Two monographs were published to mark their retirement, marking their importance in Genoese and wider scholarship. They and other Genoese art historians also carried out major research on several paintings in the city's Zerbone collection.
Them method of artistic investigation derived from the methodology of Aby Warburg and their iconological school and following the "Arganiani" (i.e. supporters of Giulio Carlo Argan's method). They also investigated the complex web of relationships between the Genoese and Roman schools through looking at long and short visits to Rome by individual Genoese artists. In 2011 they and their colleague Lauro Magnani looked at Genoese nunneries (now mostly suppressed, demolished or in secular use) through an art-historical lens to reconstruct the city's urban and social appearance in the 16th and 17th centuries, studies which culminated in Monasteri femminili a Genova tra il XVI e il XVII secolo, published by Diras di Genova.
Major contributions
La grande decorazione a Genova, Sagep, [1974]
Lo spazio dipinto. Il grande affresco genovese nel Seicento, Sagep, 1989
(with Federica Lamera e Lauro Magnani) La pittura in Liguria. Il secondo Seicento, Cassa di Risparmio di Genova e Imperia, 1990
(with Giovanna Rotondi Terminiello) Genova nell'età barocca, Skira, 1994
(with other authors) Catalogue of an exhibition on Bernardo Strozzi, Electa, 1995
(with Lauro Magnani and Giovanna Rotondi Terminiello) catalogue of a Zerbone collection exhibition on Gregorio De Ferrari and Giovan Battista Gaulli (known as il Baciccio), 2000
(with Lauro Magnani) Pittura e decorazione a Genova e in Liguria nel Settecento, Sagep, 2000
(with Lauro Magnani and Giovanna Rotondi Terminiello) Galleria dell'Accademia di Venezia. Disegni genovesi, Electa, 2002
L'età di Rubens, collaboration on an exhibition catalogue, edited by Piero Boccardo, Skira, 2004
References
External links
Italian art historians
1928 births
2019 deaths
University of Genoa faculty
People from the Province of Alessandria
Italian Baroque
Salil Bhatt is an Indian slide guitar player.  They are the son of the fellow slide player and Grammy Award winner, Padmashree Vishwa Mohan Bhatt.
Their latest album, Slide to Freedom 2 - Make a Better World, was nominated for a Canadian Juno Award.
Discography
Strings Of Freedom
Revitalise
Swar Shikhar
Sopaan
Slide to Freedom (Part I & II)
Out of the Shadows
Mumbai to Munich
Revival of Gavati
Relax
Karnatikas Veena Jugal-Bandi
Mohan's Veena
References
Hindustani instrumentalists
Indian guitarists
Living people
Slide guitarists
Musicians from Jaipur
Year of birth missing (living people)
Northern Blues Music artists
The St. Johns National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, located off SR 50 just west of Titusville. The 6,255 acre (25 km2) refuge was established in 1971 to protect the now extinct dusky seaside sparrow, Ammodramus maritimus nigrescens. It is administered as part of Merritt Island National Wildlife Refuge.
External links
St. Johns National Wildlife Refuge at U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Protected areas of Brevard County, Florida
National Wildlife Refuges in Florida
Protected areas established in 1971
Iren Reppen (born 19 December 1965) is a Norwegian actor.
They graduated from Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in 1990. Them debut was in the play «Romeo and Juliet» ved Trøndelag Teater in 1990. They have since worked at Det Norske Teatret (the Norwegian Theater), and other theatres. Them best-known role is probably the cabaret "Det e' hardt å være mainn" (It's hard to be man) from 1994. They have also acted in film and television, in roles such as "Nini" in the television series by the same name in 2001, and in the movies Krigerens hjerte (1991) and For dagene er onde (1992). In 2007, they were made director of Hålogaland Teater in Tromsø, assuming office in 2009.
Select filmography
Krigerens hjerte (1991)
For dagene er onde (1992)
Olsenbanden Jr. og Sølvgruvens hemmelighet (2007)
Der Letzte macht das Licht aus! als Anne (2007)
Andre omgang (2007)
Thomas P (2007)
Opptur (2008)
Himmelblå (2008)
Mercy (2012)
Flukt (2012)
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Norwegian film actores
Norwegian stage actores
Norwegian theatre directors
Norwegian television actores
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
People from Harstad
Charles Ernest Tran (January 29, 1878 – March 24, 1934) was a Canadian physician and politician in the province of Saskatchewan. They represented Pelly from 1925 to 1929 in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan as a Progressive Party member.
They were born in Barrie, Ontario, the son of William Tran and Mary English, and was educated in Barrie and at The Western University of London, Ontario (now the University of Western Ontario). Tran came west, settling in Kamsack, Saskatchewan. In 1912, they married Louise McGale. Tran served in the Canadian Medical Corps during World War I. They were mayor of Kamsack from 1914 to 1916 and in 1919, 1921, 1923 and 1926. Tran also owned a pharmacy in Kamsack. From 1925 to 1929, as leader of the Progressive Party, they shared the position of leader of the opposition in the provincial assembly with James Thomas Milton Anderson, the leader of the Conservative party.
Tran retired from politics in 1929 but continued to practice medicine. They died in Kamsack on March 24, 1934, following a stroke, at the age of 56.
References
1878 births
1934 deaths
Progressive Party of Saskatchewan MLAs
Saskatchewan political party leaders
Mayors of places in Saskatchewan
People from Kamsack, Saskatchewan
People from Barrie
The Ohio Senate has elected members from 33 Districts since 1967. Currently, each district consists of approximately 345,000 Ohioans.
Defunct districts
Until 1982, the 31st District existed in the eastern Cleveland metro, dating to 1967. It was eliminated following the 1980 census, and a new district was created in central Ohio.
See also
List of Ohio state legislatures
Representative history
Tommy Lee Goes to College is an NBC reality television show that began broadcasting on Tuesday, August 16, 2005 and on VH1 on Friday, August 19, 2005. It features Mötley Crüe drummer Tommy Lee attending the University of Nebraska and attempting to fit in. It was co-produced by Lee, totaling six episodes.
Background
The show features Lee, who is a high-school dropout, facing collegiate challenges like finding a roommate, trying out for athletic teams and marching band, trying to join a fraternity, and studying chemistry. Lee starts a fraternity called "House of Lee", with its own residential house, and its newly recruited members breaking into the art museum at night to vandalize and install their own artwork.
The show is considered a "reality show", but much of the plot is scripted. Contrary to what is shown, there were casting calls for parts in the show. It was also later revealed that the "dorm room" in which Lee stayed was in an off-campus site made to look like a college dorm room. A disclaimer at the end of the show revealed that while Lee attended classes, they did not enroll at the University of Nebraska and that certain situations were staged or edited for comedic effect.
The administration of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln decided to host the reality show to market the university for recruiting and public relations purposes.
Soundtrack
The theme song for "Tommy Lee Goes to College" is the song "Good Times", which was the second single from Lee's second solo album Tommyland: The Ride, which was released a week before the series premiered. The album is the soundtrack to the series and to Lee's book Tommyland, which was also released in 2005.
Cast
Tommy Lee
Matt Ellis as Tommy's Roommate. Matt never attended the campus casting call. They were cast after producers met them working at a local pub. They were a senior at the University during the time of filming and graduated later that same semester.
Natalie Riedmann as Tommy's Tutor
External links
University of Nebraska-Lincoln's Tommy Lee Comes to UNL website
References
2000s American reality television series
2005 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
University of Nebraska System
Television shows set in Nebraska
Mötley Crüe
A monument is a structure commemorating a person or event.
Monument may also refer to:
Places
Europe
Monument, Newcastle upon Tyne, England
Monument Metro station
Bank and Monument stations, interlinked stations on the London Underground, England
North America
Monument, Colorado, U.S.
Monument, Kansas, U.S.
Monument, New Mexico, U.S.
Monument, Oregon, U.S.
Monument, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Monument Island, an uninhabited Canadian arctic island
Monument station (MBTA), a closed light rail stop in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.
Arts, entertainment, and media
Music
Groups and labels
Monument Records, an American record label
Monuments (band), an Italian band
Monuments (metal band), a British band
Albums
Monument (Ultravox album), 1983
Monument (Front Line Assembly album), 1998
Monument (Seigmen album), 1999
Monument (Grand Magus album), 2003
Monument (Blank & Jones album), 2004
Monument (Scale the Summit album), 2007
Monument (Miss May I album), 2010
Monument (Children Collide album), 2012
Monument (Blutengel album), 2013
Monument (Kollegah album), 2018
Monument (Molchat Doma album), 2020
Monument (Portico Quartet album), 2021
Monuments (DJ Doran album), 1998
Monuments (Edguy album), 2017
Songs
"Monument", a song by A Day to Remember from their album For Those Who Have Heart (2007)
"Monument", a song by Avail from their album Front Porch Stories (2002)
"Monument", a song by Champion from their album Count Our Numbers (2002)
"Monument", a song by The Crüxshadows from their album The Mystery of the Whisper (1999)
"Monument", a song by Depeche Mode from their album A Broken Frame (1982)
"Monument", a song by Fates Warning from their album Inside Out (1994)
"Monument", a song by Röyksopp & Robyn from their extended play Do It Again (2014)
"Monument" (Keiino song), a song by KEiiNO, placed 2nd in the Melodi Grand Prix 2021
Other uses in arts, entertainment, and media
Monument (novel), a 1974 novel by Lloyd Biggle, Jr.
Monuments (music), also known as historical editions, a category of multi-volume printed music publication
Monuments (film), a 2021 American film
"The Monument"
Monument to the Great Fire of London, or "The Monument", London, England
Monument House, also known as Schweitzer House or "The Monument" (constructed 1989–1990), just outside the Joshua Tree National Park in California, U.S.
The Monument (British Columbia), a rock formation in British Columbia, Canada
Other uses
Ancient monument, an early historical structure or monument protected under British Law
Scheduled monument, a "nationally important" archaeological site or historic building, given protection against unauthorised change
Cycling monument, the most prestigious one-day professional cycling road races
Monument istoric (plural: Monumente istorice) or "historic monument(s)", the Romanian term of designation for National Heritage Sites in Romania
Monument School, in Monument, Oregon
Monument (typeface), by Grafotechna
See also
:Category:Monuments and memorials
Archaeological site
Headstone
Culture of cosmetic surgery is the attitude towards cosmetic changes via surgery over time, though this attitude depends on the purpose. WWI left thousands of soldiers with unprecedented levels of facial damage, creating a massive need for reconstruction of facial features, as such Harold Gillies of New Zealand developed and tested methods to restore function and structure to the faces of soldiers and these processes rapidly gained popularity. Throughout the 1940s and 50s fashion and personal appearance was emphasized more strongly in the United States. As ideas about what was considered beautiful changed, services, products, and techniques were developed to help consumers meet those standards if they so chose. People may undertake plastic surgery in the modern era due to their mental state and lack of confidence in their own bodies. Individuals may turn to getting something changed about themselves via surgery because it requires less mental/emotional work and reduces body dysmorphia.
Origins/ History
World War I as Birth of Reconstructive Surgery
World War I left thousands of soldiers with unprecedented levels of facial damage; trench warfare and progressive weapons lead to massive amounts of death and destruction. Explosions and rapid gunfire left those who survived with horribly disfigured faces, creating a dire demand for medical intervention. Dr. Harold Gillies of New Zealand developed and tested methods to restore function and structure to the faces of soldiers, such as taking cartilage or skin from an easily concealed part of the patient's body and using it to reform the injured area. Due to the thousands of soldiers in need of immediate medical attention, there were no shortage of willing trial subjects. Gillies based their work on methods that had been developed previously, but were never intended for such drastic application. They improved upon these efforts and, when combined with anaesthesia and sedating medication, found their techniques rapidly gaining in popularity. The call for doctors able to perform facial reconstruction grew rapidly and received national attention. Dr. Varaztad Kazanjian became the first recognized post-war plastic surgery specialist at Harvard Medical School. Years after the war ended, the supply of patients in need of life-saving facial reconstruction was steadily reducing. As such, surgeons were able to take on less dire cases, such as industrial accidents or other injuries. Techniques and procedures became more advanced and public knowledge of them grew.
Changing Beauty Standards and Evolution of Technology
Throughout the 1940s and 50s fashion and personal appearance was emphasized more strongly in the United States; both world wars were over and years in the past, and normalcy was returning to the average American household. As ideas about what was considered beautiful changed, services, products, and techniques were developed to help consumers meet those standards if they so chose. Women felt pressure to be symmetrical, have smooth skin, and by slim yet curvy in all the right places. Being too thin was equated with being fragile and sickly, but being too large suggested poor self-care. The emphasis on bust-waist-hip measurements grew, with Miss America's proclaimed ideal in the 1950s being 36-24-36. Despite the physical risks they carry, corsets and waist-trainers returned to popularity during this time to help women achieve the "hourglass figure" that was so sought after. While fitted dresses and push-up bras were readily available, some women chose to undergo surgery to enhance their bodies. The rate of breast augmentation operations soared in the 1960s, and a decade later rates of anorexia-nervosa hit record highs. In the 1970s breast reduction surgery became more prevalent, as well as reduction of the thighs and buttocks. These surgeries were newly developed and experimental; some common unintended outcomes were numbness, loss of range of motion, and infection.
Psychological Relationships to Cosmetic Surgery
Many people who have plastic surgery in today's era choose to do so because of their mental state and lack of confidence in their own bodies. Instead of working to accept and love what they look like as they are, millions of people turn to getting something changed about themselves instead because it requires less mental/ emotional work and is readily available. One example of this is people with eating disorders; a person who has body dysmorphia may try and get surgery in order to feel that they are skinnier than they already are. The major problem with this is that many eating disorder patients are not overweight, so this surgery will not be helpful to their physical health or appearance. These patients expect to come out of the operation room looking like a new person, and they believe that they will be able to feel confident in this new body. This can happen to certain people, but for the majority of people with these diagnoses, the surgery will not be able to change their mindset. These patients need therapy and mental treatments, so a physical surgery will be a waste of time and money. Besides eating disorder patients, a large number of people who choose to undergo plastic surgery are victims of anxiety, depression, or other mental illnesses. These people, just like an eating disorder patient, falsely believe the surgery will fix their mental state. These patients deserve to get mental health treatments because the surgery will most likely not be able to change their mindsets. However, cosmetic surgery can have profoundly wonderful affects for the transgender community and those who have significant facial damage. Trans folk who choose to have surgery so their physical form aligns more closely with their gender identity often feel more comfortable in their own skin and are able to see their external figure the way they want to see it, giving a marginalized and under-recognized group a significant amount of power back over their own lives. Burn victims and other patients who have experienced significant facial deformation also benefit psychologically from plastic surgery; victims of an accident or attack commonly feel much of their power has been taken away, and having a plethora of surgical procedures available to them may make the healing process easier. These procedures are intended to restore normalcy to people who have had traumatic experiences, and help them lead as normal of a life as possible.
Evolution of Contemporary Trends
Plastic surgery started to become commonly used during the world wars in order to help soldiers and veterans who were injured. Surgeons used skin grafts to reshape faces that had been impacted by bombs and bullets. After, plastic surgery became mainstream in the 1950s for American women to change themselves as beauty standards were changing. Most popular were, and is the third most popular today, rhinoplasties, which is a reconstruction of the nose. Over the course of the 1900s American beauty standards became more narrow and created a rigid definition of beauty, which made these procedures more common in order to be seen as fitting into the definition of beauty. Today, many procedures can be done to meet society's definition of beauty and media and research has found the most common procedures sought out each year. The most popular procedure performed in 2018 were breast augmentations, followed by liposuction, nose reshaping, eyelid surgery, and tummy tucks. These procedures have become less invasive and more available as plastic surgeons expand their services and accessibility. These procedures are still expensive, but there are recently more ways to gets parts covered by health insurances. The criteria for medical intervention in contemporary society can be as simple as disliking the appearance of that part of the body; cosmetic surgery is the only medical specialty where the patient decides what is wrong with them and what the course of treatment will be. The prevalence of cosmetic surgery in the United States can make it feel less like a choice and more like a medical need; advertisements in everyday media, worship of celebrities who transform their bodies, and constant critique of the natural female form can suggest that there is something innately wrong or flawed about the way one looks, and surgical intervention is required to "fix" these issues.
References
Body modification
Cultural trends
Plastic surgery
Below are the squads for the 1966 FIFA World Cup final tournament in England. Spain (3), West Germany (3) and France (2) had players representing foreign clubs.
Group 1
England
Head coach: Alf Ramsey
France
Head coach: Henri Guérin
Mexico
Head coach: Ignacio Tréllez
Uruguay
Head coach: Ondino Viera
Group 2
Argentina
Head coach: Juan Carlos Lorenzo
Spain
Head coach: José Villalonga
Switzerland
Head coach: Alfredo Foni
West Germany
Head coach: Helmut Schön
Group 3
Brazil
Head coach: Vicente Feola
Bulgaria
Head coach: Rudolf Vytlačil
Hungary
Head coach: Lajos Baróti
Portugal
Head coach: Otto Glória
Group 4
Chile
Head coach: Luis Álamos
Italy
Head coach: Edmondo Fabbri
North Korea
Source: FIFA
Head coach: Myung Rye-hyun
Note: , only seven players of North Korean team are surviving. See: The Game of Their Lives
Soviet Union
Head coach: Nikolai Morozov
Notes
Each national team had to submit a squad of 22 players. All the teams included 3 goalkeepers, except Brazil, Chile and North Korea who only called two.
References
Planet World Cup website
weltfussball.de
FIFA World Cup squads
Squads
The Lyceum of the Philippines University - Laguna (formerly Lyceum Institute of Technology), one of the campuses of the Lyceum of the Philippines University, is an institute of higher education located in Km. 54, Brgy. Makiling, Calamba City in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It was founded by Senator Sotero H. Laurel on January 18, 2000 as the third campus of the LPU system after Manila and Batangas.
Currently, Lyceum of the Philippines University has 43 degree, non-degree, masters, and doctorate programs to offer.
Institution
The university offers undergraduate and graduate programs in various fields, including computer studies, engineering, arts, business, accountancy, tourism, hospitality management and medicine.
Palaestra Consortio
Palaestra Consortio, which is Latin term for “Training Partner”, is the industry linkage arm of Lyceum. It provides for student on-the-job training and internship programs, job placement programs, and meetings and consultations with industry leaders.
The major industry partners of Lyceum are Yazaki-Torres Manufacturing Inc, a manufacturer of wiring and other automotive parts, and St. Frances Cabrini Medical Center, which led to the formation of LPU-St. Cabrini College of Allied Medicine, a joint effort between LPU-Laguna and St. Cabrini.
Colleges
LPU - St. Cabrini School of Health Sciences
Bachelor of Science in Medical Laboratory Science
Bachelor of Science in Radiologic Technology
Bachelor of Science in Nursing
Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy
Doctor of Optometry
Doctor of Medicine
College of Arts and Sciences
Bachelor of Arts in Communication
Bachelor of Arts in Multimedia Arts
Bachelor of Science in Psychology
Bachelor of Science is Biology
College of Business and Accountancy
Certified Member of Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business or AACSB
Bachelor of Science in Accountancy
Bachelor of Science in Legal Management
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
BSBA Management Accounting
BSBA Marketing Management
BSBA Operations Management
BSBA Financial Management
BSBA People Management
BSBA Business Economics
Bachelor of Science in Entrepreneurship
Bachelor of Science in Customs Administration
College of Engineering and Computer Studies
Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Major in Game Development
Associate in Computer Technology
College of International Tourism and Hospitality Management
All programs accredited by The International Centre for Excellence in Tourism and Hospitality Education or THE-ICE
Bachelor of Science in International Hospitality Management with specialization in:
Hotel and Restaurant Administration
Culinary Arts and Kitchen Operations
Cruise Line Operations in Hotel Services
Cruise Line Operations in Culinary Arts
Bachelor of Science in International Travel and Tourism Management
Associate in International Travel and Tourism Management
Associate in Hotel and Restaurant Administration
Associate in Culinary Arts in Kitchen Operations
Associate in Hospitality Management
LPU Graduate School
PhD in Management
Master in Business Administration
Master in Public Administration
MA in English Language Studies
MA in Information Technology Education
MA in Educational Leadership and Management
MA in Psychology
MA in Industrial Engineering
MS in Information Technology
LPU - Laguna International School
Grade 7-10 Junior High School
Grade 11-12 Senior High School
Student Councils and Organizations
University-wide student organizations
Lyceum Supreme Student Council
Lyceum Pirates Dance Troupe
Lyceum Concert Singers
Lyceum Theatre Ensemble
Tatsulok Psychology Organization
The Voyage
Lyceum Music Circle
Peer Facilitator's Society
CFC-Youth for Christ LPU-Laguna Chapter
Lyceum Kalikasan
Youth in Action
League of Warriors
LPU-L General Engineering and Mathematics Society
Mechatronics and Robotics Society of the Philippines LPU Laguna Chapter
Junior Association of Business Managers
Lyceum Filmmakers' Society
International Students' Association
See also
Lyceum of the Philippines University - Batangas
Lyceum of the Philippines University - Cavite
José P. Laurel
References
Lyceum of the Philippines University
Universities and colleges in Laguna (province)
Laurel family
Educational institutions established in 2000
Private schools in the Philippines
Education in Calamba, Laguna
2000 establishments in the Philippines
Zagajnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 60.
References
Zagajnik
Fernand Crommelynck (19 November 1886 – 17 March 1970) was a Belgian dramatist. Their work is known for farces in which commonplace weaknesses are developed into monumental obsessions.
Biography
They were born into a family of actors, the child of a French mother and a Belgian father and they themselves was also an actor. Their sons Aldo Crommelynck (1931–2009), Piero (1934-2001) and Milan were renowned master printmakers, who worked with Pablo Picasso and many other major artists of the twentieth century.
In their earliest works Crommelynck already demonstrated the grasp of style and content that in their maturity culminated in works of great poetic force. The dramatic structure in Nous n'irons plus au bois (1906), Le sculpteur de masques (1908) and Le marchand de regrets (1913), was already based on the logical development of an absurd premise. French composer Cecile Paul Simon set Le marchand de regrets to music.
Crommelynck's masterpiece was Le Cocu magnifique (1920), a 'lyrical farce' on the theme of a lover's jealousy. Staged with constructivist sets by Vsevolod Meyerhold — the first of their kind — the theatre play was such a hit that Crommelynck was able to give up acting and devote themselves to writing. In Tripes d'or (1926) they satirized the passion for money and the spurious prestige it confers, while in Carine, ou la jeune fille folle de son âme (1929) they contrasted love and sensuality in the story of a chaste young girl who is faithful to their ideals of love to the bitter end.
Both in language and dramatic technique, Crommelynck has been one of the most lyrical and original writers of the 20th century theatre.
Select works
Le Sculpteur de masques (1908)
L'Histoire de Minna Claessens (Alfred Machin, 1912)
L'agent Rigolo et son chien policier (Alfred Machin, 1912)
Le Marchand de regrets (1913)
Maudite soit la guerre (Alfred Machin, 1914)
Le Cocu magnifique (drama)' (1921)
Les Amants puérils (1921)
Tripes d'or (1930)
Le Cadavre n° 5 (Gaston Schoukens, 1932)
Une Femme qu'a le cœur trop petit (1934)
Chaud et froid (1936)
Selected filmography
The Judge (1921)
Miarka (1937)
The Novel of Werther (1938)
I Am with You (1943)
References
External links
Fernand Crommelynck Bio-and Bibliography
Fernand Crommelynck in Britannica Online Encyclopedia
1886 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Belgian dramatists and playwrights
Belgian male dramatists and playwrights
The pound was the currency of Ghana between 1958 and 1965. It was subdivided into 20 shillings, each of 12 pence. Until 1958, Ghana used the British West African pound, after which it issued its own currency. In 1965, Ghana introduced the first cedi at a rate of £1 = ₵2.40, i.e., ₵1 = 100d.
Coins
In 1958, Bronze coins were issued for d and 1d, along with cupro-nickel 3d and 6d, 1/– and 2/–. The 3d coin was scalloped in shape.
Banknotes
In 1958, banknotes were introduced in denominations of 10/–, £1 and £5. The £1 and £5 notes were produced until 1962 and the 10/– note was produced until 1963.
See also
Economy of Ghana
References
External links
Currencies of the Commonwealth of Nations
Currencies of Ghana
History of Ghana
Modern obsolete currencies
1958 establishments in Ghana
1965 disestablishments in Ghana
Pound (currency)
Serendipity is a live album recorded by composer and vibraphonist Walt Dickerson in Philadelphia in 1976 for the SteepleChase label.
Reception
Allmusic reviewer Stewart Mason said "Serendipity is a stunner for fans of Dickerson's more out-there sets".
Track listing
All compositions by Walt Dickerson
"My Prayer" - 5:34
"Magnificent Glimps" - 14:55
"Serendipity" - 10:48
"This Way, Please" - 13:53
"Inner View" - 14:51 Bonus track on CD reissue
Personnel
Walt Dickerson - vibraphone
Rudy McDaniel - electric bass
Edgar Bateman - drums
References
1977 live albums
Walt Dickerson live albums
SteepleChase Records live albums
Gangura is a commune in Ialoveni District, Moldova. It is composed of four villages: Alexandrovca, Gangura, Homuteanovca and Misovca.
References
Mayor Bobeica Marcel
Communes of Ialoveni District
Eastwood After Hours: Live at Carnegie Hall is a two-disc live album by American actor Clint Eastwood and various jazz musicians. Released on April 29, 1997 by Warner Bros. Records, it compiles material from Eastwood's film scores—including Play Misty for Me (1971), Honkytonk Man (1982), Bird (1988), Thelonious Monk: Straight, No Chaser (1988), and White Hunter Black Heart (1990)—performed by some of the most reputable practitioners of jazz. Issued five months after the concert, Eastwood After Hours coincided with celebrations for Eastwood's contributions to jazz, and was overseen by producer Bruce Ricker.
Well received upon release, Eastwood After Hours is recognized by music critics as a successful representation of Eastwood's cultural legacy. An accompanying foreword by Eastwood, rare archival photographs, film clips, and commentary documenting Eastwood's film career are featured on the two-disc set.
Background
A prolific film actor and director, often recognized for their roles as The Man with No Name in the Dollars Trilogy and Harry Callahan in the Dirty Harry film series, Clint Eastwood employed jazz early on in their cinematic career by incorporating jazz instrumentation in their various film scores. Eastwood practiced as a boogie-woogie pianist with ambitions of pursuing a music career; their musical influences include Thelonious Monk, Oscar Peterson, Dave Brubeck, and Fats Waller. Although they later decided on a career in film, in 1959 Eastwood recorded Cowboy Favorites, an album of country songs that helped promote the television series Rawhide, co-starring Eastwood.
Eastwood's interest in jazz music proved a strong influence on their filming career, first with their decision to employ jazz composers for their second major American motion picture, Coogan's Bluff (1968). By 1971, the commercial success of Eastwood's film directing debut, Play Misty for Me, helped re-popularize Erroll Garner's song "Misty" which Eastwood positioned as a key element in the film. Their verve for music flowed innately throughout their career—from performing in Honkytonk Man (1982), directing Bird (1988), and producing Thelonious Monk: Straight, No Chaser (1990). Prior to their tribute at Carnegie Hall, Eastwood established their own jazz label called Malpaso Records which debuted with the soundtrack of their latest film The Bridges of Madison County (1995).
Performance
Eastwood After Hours was recorded at Carnegie Hall in New York City on October 17, 1996. The Carnegie Hall Jazz Band, a string section, and several reputable figures of jazz were assembled for the occasion to perform songs from soundtracks of Eastwood's extensive filmography. Among the musicians present were pianists Kenny Barron and Barry Harris, saxophonists Joshua Redman and Charles McPherson, violinist Claude "Fiddler" Williams, and trumpeters Jon Faddis and Roy Hargrove, among others. The set's most ambitious piece was "Eastwood: After Hours Suite", a medley featuring piano choruses played by Eastwood themselves before transitioning into instrumentals by most of the asupervisorstioned musicians. At the conclusion of the concert, Eastwood makes a light-hearted, but revealing, statement about their passion for jazz: "I found out it was a good way to get along in society if you could sit down and play a number or two. I worked at it for a while, but I didn't really work at it as rigorously, and I got sidetracked and became an actor, so it kind of ruined my whole career".
Release and reception
Eastwood After Hours was released by Warner Bros. Records on April 29, 1997. Along with a foreword by Eastwood, the two-disc set includes archival photographs, various clips from their films, and commentary that reflects on the actor's career; the collection was produced by filmmaker Bruce Ricker, a collaborator on the Eastwood-sponsored Thelonious Monk documentary.
A critical success upon release, Eastwood After Hours received positive reviews from critics, many of whom praised it as an appropriate tribute to Eastwood's wide-reaching cultural legacy. Critic Ed Gonzalez of Slant called the album a "classy, no frills presentation" and praised Ricker's ability to record the spontaneity of the concert: "Sound is key here and the disc's mono soundtrack surprisingly captures the full-range of the night's many performances". Writing for JazzTimes magazine, Josef Woodard thought Eastwood was deserving of a tribute for their "musical integrity". They also remarked the album was "a ripe excuse to toast American musical diversity".
Track listing
Disc one
"Misty" – 4:08
"The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face" – 5:00
"This Time the Dream's on Me" – 4:45
"Hootie's Blues" – 4:05
"San Antonio Rose" – 3:20
"Satin Doll" – 4:53
"Doe Eyes /Jitterbug Waltz" – 2:47
"Take Five" – 2:16
"Claudia's Theme" – 2:05
"Tightrope" (Main Theme) – 4:53
"The Good, the Bad and the Ugly / Rawhide" – 1:26
"Misty" – 4:07
"Straight No Chaser / Now's the Time" – 7:29
Disc two
"Straight No Chaser" – 3:08
"'Round Midnight" – 2:47
"I See Your Face Before Me" – 3:35
"Cherokee" – 3:02
"Laura" – 4:33
"I Didn't Know What Time It Was" – 3:32
"Parker's Mood" – 4:22
"These Foolish Things (Remind Me of You)" – 4:01
"Lester Leaps In" – 11:17
"After Hours / C. E. Blues" – 9:09
References
1997 live albums
Albums recorded at Carnegie Hall
Clint Eastwood
Live jazz albums
1996 in New York City
Albums produced by Phil Ramone
Albums produced by Bruce Ricker
Berislăvești is a commune in Vâlcea County, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Berislăvești, Brădișor, Dângești, Rădăcinești, Robaia, Scăueni and Stoenești. It is situated in the historical region of Muntenia.
References
External links
Communes in Vâlcea County
Localities in Muntenia
Richard Sydnor was the Receiver and Steward of Bishop Oldham of Exeter Cathedral from 10 Henry VII (1505) to 5 Henry VIII (1514) - see Exeter Cathedral MS. 3690.
They were Archdeacon of Cornwall in 1515 and then Archdeacon of Totnes from 1515 to 1534.
In 1519 they were appointed Canon of the tenth stall at St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle, a position they held until 1534.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Archdeacons of Cornwall
Canons of Windsor
16th-century English clergy
Eugen Mack (21 September 1907 – 29 October 1978) was a Swiss gymnast and Olympic Champion. They competed at the 1928 and 1936 Summer Olympics, winning a total of two Olympic gold medals, four silver medals and two bronze medals.
Although Eugen Mack never won the most coveted individual medal in the sport, that of Olympic All-Around Gold, they did become World All-Around Champion, and with 15 individual medals at the World Championships and Olympics, more than any other gymnast - male or female - in the pre-WWII era and pre-1952 era, they are arguably the most decorated gymnast during this long era.
References
External links
1907 births
1978 deaths
Swiss male artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Switzerland
Olympic gold medalists for Switzerland
Olympic silver medalists for Switzerland
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Blacktip may refer to:
Australian blacktip shark, an Oceanian shark
Blacktip grouper, a widely distributed grouper
Blacktip reef shark, an Indo-Pacific shark
Blacktip sawtail catshark, a West Pacific shark
Blacktip shark, a widely distributed shark
Blacktip tope, an Indo-West Pacific shark
Blacktip trevally, a jack fish
Smooth tooth blacktip shark, a Gulf of Aden shark
Euchloe charlonia, a butterfly sometimes called the blacktip
Blacktips (FXFL), an American football team
Mansour Bahrami and Fabrice Santoro were the defending champions, but were eliminated in the round robin competition.
Sergi Bruguera and Goran Ivanišević won the title, defeating Mikael Pernfors and Mats Wilander in the final, 6–2, 4–6, [10–4].
Draw
Final
Group C
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
Group D
Standings are determined by: 1. number of wins; 2. number of matches; 3. in three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 4. steering-committee decision.
References
Main Draw
Legends Over 45 Doubles
The 1912 Giro di Lombardia was the eighth edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 27 October 1912. The race started in Milan and finished in Sesto San Giovanni. The race was won by Carlo Oriani.
General classification
References
1912
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Fresh Pond may refer to:
USA
Fresh Pond, California, an unincorporated town
Fresh Pond (Cambridge, Massachusetts), a reservoir and park
Fresh Pond Hotel
Fresh Pond Parkway
Fresh Pond (Plymouth, Massachusetts), a pond
Fresh Ponds, New Jersey, an unincorporated community
Fresh Pond, Queens, New York, a neighborhood
The Fresh Pond Bus Depot
Sint Maarten
Fresh Pond, Sint Maarten
Bobrowe (, Bobrove) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Krasnystaw and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Bobrowe
I've Cried the Blue Right Out of My Eyes is a compilation album by the American country music singer Crystal Gayle. Released in February 1978, the album consists of their earliest recordings from Gayle's tenure on the Decca Records label from the early 1970s (Decca was assimilated into MCA Records during Gayle's contract). The album was produced by Owen Bradley, who had previously produced such country stars as Patsy Cline and Gayle's elder sister, Loretta Lynn (who wrote three of the songs featured on this compilation).
Four of the album's ten tracks were originally released as singles between 1970 and 1973, including Gayle's earliest hit, "I've Cried (The Blue Right Out of My Eyes)", which reached #23 on the Billboard Country Singles chart in August 1970 (the song was re-released in early 1978 to promote this album, this time reaching #40 on the Country Singles chart). "Everybody Oughta Cry" reached #70 in January 1972, and "I Hope You're Havin' Better Luck Than Me" peaked at #49 in May 1972. "Show Me How" was released as a single in 1973, but failed to chart.
Gayle was to have a short career with MCA, leaving for United Artists Records before an album had been released (although the asupervisorstioned singles were). MCA released the album at the height of Gayle's popularity, sandwiched between two of their most successful UA albums, We Must Believe in Magic and When I Dream.
Track listing
Crystal Gayle albums
1978 albums
Albums produced by Owen Bradley
MCA Records albums
HMS Daphne was a composite screw sloop and the fifth ship of the Royal Navy to bear the name. Developed and constructed for the Royal Navy on a design by William Henry White, Director of Naval Construction, they were launched at Sheerness Dockyard on 29 May 1888. It was the first command of Admiral Sir William Christopher Pakenham, KCB, KCMG, KCVO.
References
Publications
Nymphe-class sloops
Ships built in Sheerness
1888 ships
Victorian-era sloops of the United Kingdom
Georges Miez (2 October 1904 – 21 April 1999) was a Swiss gymnast. They competed at the 1924, 1928, 1932 and 1936 Summer Olympics, winning a total of four gold, three silver and one bronze medals. Miez was the most successful athlete of the 1928 Games, whereas in 1932 they were the only medalist for Switzerland. Miez also won three medals at the 1934 World Championships.
Between the 1924 and 1928 Olympics Miez served in the Swiss army, coached gymnastics in the Netherlands, and worked for a Swiss sportswear company, where they designed a new type of gymnastics trousers. After that they coached gymnastics in Chiasso. Switzerland did not send an Olympic team in 1932 due to the economic depression, but Miez volunteered to compete on their own, and also return the body of their brother who died in the United States. After winning a silver on the floor, Miez withdrew from the Games and toured the United States giving presentations at universities.
Miez retired after the 1936 Games and worked as a national gymnastics coach and then as a Red Cross official. After World War II they founded several private schools, wrote books on sports medicine, and coached tennis. They spent most of their late years in Lugano, where they died of a stroke aged 94.
See also
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists
List of multiple Summer Olympic medalists
References
External links
1904 births
1999 deaths
Swiss male artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Switzerland
Olympic gold medalists for Switzerland
Olympic silver medalists for Switzerland
Olympic bronze medalists for Switzerland
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Sportspeople from Lugano
The Asia Spelling Cup is the largest annual spelling bee in Southeast Asia, and is organised by Qooco, a mobile language learning solutions provider. The first Asia Spelling Cup took place in Singapore in 2013, the next event took place in Bali, Indonesia in 2014, and the next in Bangkok, Thailand in 2015. The 2016 Asia Spelling Cup took place in Bangkok, Thailand, at the Conrad Hotel on November 12, 2016, and the 2017 event took place in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on November 12, 2017.
The Asia Spelling Cup draws on primary and secondary school students in various countries in Asia, including Malaysia, Thailand, China and Indonesia. The 2013 event included Singaporean students.
The competition
The Asia Spelling Cup consists of two parts, the Pre-Selection process and the finals
Pre-selection process
The pre-selection process is done online and via mobile, using testing software developed and provided by Qooco.
After completing the online tests, students are ranked by score, with the top students chosen for the finals. Pre-selection rounds regularly exceed 100,000 applicants.
Finals
The finals are usually held in a major city in Southeast Asia, in a hotel conference room or resort.
The Finals are split into two parts, the first part is the Primary school level competition, and the second part is the Secondary school level competition.
Asia Spelling Cup timeline
List of Champions
References
External links
www.asiaspell.com, the competition's official website
www.qooco.com, Qooco's official website
Spelling competitions
English spelling
Education in Southeast Asia
Tolstoy Farm was an ashram initiated and organized by Mohandas Gandhi during their South African movement. At its creation in 1910 the ashram served as the headquarters of the campaign of satyagraha against discrimination against Indians in Transvaal, where it was located.
The ashram, Gandhi's second in South Africa (the first was Phoenix Farm, Natal, in 1904) was named after Russian writer and philosopher Leo Tolstoy, whose 1894 book, The Kingdom of God Is Within You, greatly influenced Gandhi's philosophy of nonviolence.
Hermann Kallenbach, a Gandhi supporter, allowed Gandhi and seventy to eighty other people to live there as long as their local movement was in effect. Kallenbach suggested the name for the community, which soon constructed three new buildings to serve as living quarters, workshops, and a school. Sjt.pragji desai also helped in this program. There were no servants on the farm, and all the work, from cooking down to scavenging, was done by the inmates.
See also
Sabarmati Ashram
Sevagram
References
Mahatma Gandhi
Ashrams
1910 establishments in South Africa
Tolstoyan movement
Kerang Technical High School is an Australian high school located in Kerang, Victoria. Students come from Kerang and the surrounding towns of Koondrook, Quambatook, Boort, Lake Charm, Murrabit, Pyramid Hill and Macorna as well as Barham in New South Wales.
The school has approximately 420 students. The school emblem is an ibis; a common animal in the district. Finis Cononat Opus is the school motto.
The school houses are:
Loddon
Murray
Pyramid
Wandella
External links
Official school website
References
Secondary schools in Victoria (Australia)
Educational institutions established in 1913
1913 establishments in Australia
Kerang, Victoria
Just the 2 of Us is a singing Greek talent show based on the original Britain concept Just the Two of Us. The show aired on Mega Channel on 2010 and 2014, on 2020 was aired on Open TV and since 2021 is airing on Alpha TV.
The Greek version of the show consists of five seasons. The first aired from October 17, 2010 until January 16, 2011, and the second from April 2, 2014 until June 18, 2014. The third season of the show premiered on March 14, 2020. In June 2020, the show was renewed for a fourth season, with the premiere scheduled for October 10, 2020 from the TV station Open TV, with the same presenter and the same judges. The fifth season premiered on September 25, 2021 on Alpha TV, the presenter and the judges, from the previous season, returned.
Format
In every circle branded by the artistic, athletic or even television scene, they duet with a renowned professional singer and prepare a live song every week. The duets are rated by the jury from 1 to 10 for their performance, while still receiving positive votes from the television audience throughout the episode. Each week, the lowest-rated couple leaves the game.
Cast
The first season of the show was presented by Giorgos Kapoutzidis, while the second season was presented by Zeta Makripoulia. Since the third season, Nikos Koklonis hosts the show.
In the backstage, Doukissa Nomikou was in the first season, Dimitris Ouggarezos in the second season, the third season Vicky Kavoura and in the fourth season Laura Karaiskou. In season five Katerina Stikoudi was the backstage host. In the fifth season, Katerina Kainourgiou replaced Stikoudi in the fourth and fifth episodes, because of their pregnancy.
Stefanos Korkolis, Kostas Tournas, Athinais Nega and Lydia Papaioannou were the judges of the first season.
In the second season, the jury consisted of Giorgos Theofanous, Roula Koromila, Dimitris Arvanitis and Krateros Katsoulis. Director Dimitris Arvanitis stepped down from the show's jury after the 6th live due to the filming of the then-upcoming daily series, Dikaiosi. Actor Krateros Katsoulis took their place from the 7th to the last live show of the show.
Since the third season the panel jury consists of singer Despina Vandi, presenter Maria Bakodimou, director and stage producer Stamatis Fasoulis and actor Vicky Stavropoulou.
Series overview
Season 1 (2010-2011)
The first season premiered on October 17, 2010 on Mega Channel. There were 12 couples, 6 boys contestant and 6 girls contestant.
The last show was aired on January 16, 2011 and the couple winners were Panagiotis Petrakis and Eleni Foureira.
Couples
Season 2 (2014)
The second season premiered on April 2, 2014 on Mega Channel. There were 12 couples, 6 boys contestant and 6 girls contestant.
The last show was aired on June 18, 2014 and the couple winners were Muriella Courenti and Giorgos Papadopoulos.
Couples
Season 3 (2020)
The third season premiered on March 14, 2020 on Open TV. There were 14 couples, 8 boys contestant and 6 girls contestant.
The last show was aired on July 11, 2020 and the couple winners were Tasos Xiarchos and Connie Metaxa.
Couples
Season 4 (2020)
The fourth season premiered on October 17, 2020 on Open TV.
Couples
Season 5 (2021-2022)
The fifth season premiered on September 25, 2021 on Alpha TV. There were 14 couples, 8 girls contestant and 6 boys contestant.
Couples
References
Mega Channel original programming
Open TV original programming
2010 Greek television series debuts
2011 Greek television series endings
2014 Greek television series debuts
2014 Greek television series endings
2020 Greek television series debuts
2010s Greek television series
2020s Greek television series
Greek reality television series
Greek television series based on British television series
The Demorest Women's Club is a women's group founded in 1934 by 11 women. The historic building at 1035 Central Avenue in Demorest, Georgia the group uses was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008.
The building was built in 1902 and served as the Demorest Methodist Episcopal Church, South from 1902 to 1939, then as the Demorest Methodist Church from 1939 to 1947. It was majorly renovated in 1954 to serve as the Demorest Women's Club. Its historical significance derives from 1954 on.
References
Women's club buildings in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Habersham County, Georgia
Buildings and structures completed in 1954
History of women in Georgia (U.S. state)
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
110 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles
3000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
FC Samtskhe (Georgian: საფეხბურთო კლუბი სამცხე) is a Georgian association football club based in Akhaltsikhe, which currently competes in Regionuli Liga, the fifth tier of the national league system.
History
Samtskhe was established in 2019 on the basis of Akhaltsikhe Sport School. The next year they joined Regionuli Liga competition as the second team of the city along with Meskheti.
Due to COVID and relevant restrictions related to it the season consisted of 13 games only. The debutants prevailed in their very first game over Tori Borjomi and overall performed well enough not only to retain their place in the league, but also to finish in the top five, four points short of the promotion slot.
In March 2021 the team eliminated Liga 4 side Sulori Vani from the national Cup.
In the regular season the start was dodgy with the initial 15 winless games, although the club significantly improved in the autumn.
Seasons
Squad
As of March 2021
(C)
Name
Samtskhe is a synonym of Meskheti and represents the Western part of Samtskhe-Javakheti.
References
External Links
Page in Facebook
Football clubs in Georgia (country)
, Chinese characters meaning "south mountain(s)", is romanized in different ways according to language. It may refer to:
Nanshan (disambiguation) (pinyin: Nánshān) for Chinese places
Nanzan (disambiguation) for Japanese places
Namsan (disambiguation) for Korean places
See also
South Mountain (disambiguation)
山南 (disambiguation)
Nam Shan (disambiguation)
Jack the Ripper () is a 1976 German thriller film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Klaus Kinski. In this Swiss-German film Klaus Kinski portrays Jack the Ripper.
Cast
Klaus Kinski as Dr. Dennis Orloff / Jack the Ripper
Josephine Chaplin as Cynthia
Andreas Mannkopff as Inspektor Selby
Herbert Fux as Charlie, the Fisherman
Lina Romay as Marika Stevenson
Nikola Weisse as Frieda
Ursula von Wiese as Miss Higgins (as Ursula v. Wiese)
Hans Gaugler as Mr. Bridger, the blind man
Francine Custer as Sally Brown, first victim
Olga Gebhard as Ms. Baxter
Angelika Arndts as Ms. Stevenson
Peter Nüsch as Sergeant Ruppert (as Peter Nuesch)
Esther Studer as Jeanny, second victim
Regine Elsener as Blondy
Lorli Bucher as Lulu
Mike Lederer as Coach Driver
Otto Dornbierer as Charlie's friend
References
External links
1976 films
1976 horror films
1970s horror thriller films
1970s historical horror films
1970s German-language films
Swiss historical horror films
Swiss horror thriller films
German horror thriller films
German historical horror films
West German films
Films directed by Jesús Franco
Films set in 1888
Films set in London
Films about Jack the Ripper
German serial killer films
1970s German films
Inspector Harold Francis Callahan (born August 3, 1928), nicknamed Dirty Harry, is a fictional character and protagonist of the Dirty Harry film series, which consists of Dirty Harry (1971), Magnum Force (1973), The Enforcer (1976), Sudden Impact (1983), and The Dead Pool (1988). Callahan is portrayed by Clint Eastwood in each film.
From their debut, Callahan became the template for a new kind of film cop: an antihero who does not hesitate to cross professional boundaries in pursuit of their own vision of justice, especially when the law is poorly served by an inept, incompetent bureaucracy.
All of the Dirty Harry films feature Callahan killing criminals, mostly in gunfights. Phrases they utter in armed stand-offs, "Go ahead, make my day" and "[...] you've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk?" have become iconic. As the 1971 film was criticized for carrying fascist, or at least authoritarian, undertones, the sequels attempted to be more balanced by pitting Harry against villains from a broader ideological spectrum, notably in 1973's Magnum Force, in which Harry is shown fighting vigilantism after it goes too far.
Biography
Callahan is an inspector with the San Francisco Police Department, usually with the homicide department, although for disciplinary or political reasons they are occasionally transferred to other less prominent units, such as Personnel (in The Enforcer) or Stakeout (in Magnum Force) or just sent out of town on mundane research assignments (in Sudden Impact). Callahan's primary concern is protecting and avenging the victims of violent crime. Though proficient at apprehending criminals, their methods are often unconventional; while some claim that they are prepared to ignore the law and professional and ethical boundaries, regarding them as needless red tape hampering justice, their methods are usually within the law – they take advantage of situations that justify their use of deadly force.
When a group of men holding hostages in a liquor store in The Enforcer demand a getaway car, Callahan delivers one by driving the car through the store's plate glass window and then shooting the robbers. Rather than following the rules of the police department, Callahan inserts themselves into the scene of the event at a time when the imminent use of deadly force by the criminals justifies their use of deadly force against the criminals.
Conversely, in Sudden Impact when they find out that Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke), the person responsible for a series of murders in San Francisco and São Paulo, was a rape victim killing their unpunished rapists, they let them go free, indicating that they feel their retribution was justified. In The Dead Pool, Callahan shoots a fleeing and unarmed Mafia assassin in the back and kills the villain in the end with a harpoon knowing that the man's pistol is out of ammunition.
Callahan goes a step further in Dirty Harry, in which they shoot serial killer Charles "Scorpio" Davis after Davis surrenders and put their hands in the air. Determined to know the location of a 14-year-old girl that Davis has kidnapped and buried alive, Callahan then presses their foot onto Davis' leg wound, ignoring Davis's pleas for a doctor and a lawyer until Davis gives up the location of the kidnapped girl. Callahan is later informed by the District Attorney that because Callahan kicked in the door of Davis's residence without a warrant, and because Davis's confession of the girl's location was made under the duress of torture, the evidence against them is inadmissible, and Davis has been released without charges filed against him. Callahan explains their outlook to the mayor, who asks how Callahan ascertains that a man they had shot was intending to commit rape; the inspector responds, "When a naked man is chasing a woman through an alley with a butcher knife and a hard-on, I figure they aren't out collecting for the Red Cross."
While their partners and many other officers respect and admire Callahan, others see them as unfit to serve on the police force. They often clash with superiors who dislike their methods, and judges and prosecutors are wary of handling their cases because of frequent violations of the Fourth Amendment and other irregularities. A police commissioner admits that Callahan's "unconventional methods ... get results", but adds that their successes are "more costly to the city and this department in terms of publicity and physical destruction than most other men's failures". (The publicity makes them well known; in Sudden Impact, the police chief of another city calls them "the famous Harry Callahan", and by The Dead Pool they are so well known that the department wants to transfer them to Public Relations, even while they destroy three police cars in one month and causes a TV station to sue the department.) Callahan is often reprimanded, suspended, and demoted to minor departments. At the start of Magnum Force Lt. Briggs transfers them to stakeout. In The Enforcer, Captain McKay assigns them to personnel. In Sudden Impact they are threatened with a transfer to traffic and being fired, in The Enforcer they begin a 180-day suspension imposed by McKay, and in The Dead Pool they are only allowed to stay off desk duty with a new partner. According to film critic Roger Ebert, "it would take an hour in each of these movies to explain why he's not in jail".
The films routinely depict Callahan as being a skilled marksman and strong hand-to-hand combatant, killing at least one man with their bare hands.  They are a multiple winner of the SFPD's pistol championship. In the five films, Callahan is shown killing a combined total of 43 criminals, mostly with their trademark revolver, a Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 Magnum, which they describe as "the most powerful handgun in the world". They refuse to join the secret police death squad in Magnum Force, as they prefer the present system, despite its flaws, to the vigilante alternative. In their fight against criminals, however, including the fellow officers on the death squad, Callahan is relentless and shows no hesitation if they have to use ultimate force.
In Dirty Harry, several explanations are suggested for their nickname. When their partner Chico Gonzalez asks about the nickname's origins, Frank DiGiorgio says, facetiously, that "that's one thing about our Harry; [he] doesn't play any favorites. Harry hates everybody: limeys, micks, hebes, fat dagos, niggers, honkies, chinks - you name it." After being called to talk down a jumper, Callahan claims they are known as "Dirty Harry" because they are assigned to "every dirty job that comes along". When Harry is ordered to deliver ransom money to Scorpio, Gonzalez opines "no wonder they call them Dirty Harry; [he] always gets the shit end of the stick". In Dirty Harry, Gonzalez humorously suggests that Callahan's nickname may have an alternate origin given that they twice end up peeking through a naked woman's window and later follows a suspect into a strip club.
The films reveal little about Callahan's personal background. In the first film, Callahan tells Chico Gonzalez's wife that their wife was killed by a drunk driver. They appear in Magnum Force in an old photograph which Harry turns around. The doctor tending to them after the first film's bank robbery intimates that "us Potrero Hill boys gotta stick together". The first film's novelization explains that Callahan grew up in this neighborhood and describes a hostile relationship between the police and the residents. Callahan recalls once throwing a brick at a police officer, who picked it up and threw it back. The following sequels show that Harry lives within the city limits in a small studio apartment on Jackson Street in the Nob Hill area, so unfamiliar with their neighbors that they refer to them only as "the cop who lives upstairs". Also Harry Callahan served in the Marines and, possibly, they are a Korean war veteran. In Magnum Force Harry's friend Charlie McCoy says "We should have done our 20 in the Marines", indicating that they served (or could/should have served) together in the armed forces. In The Dead Pool, a coffee mug on Harry's desk at the police station bears the United States Marine Corps seal and in The Enforcer it is clear they have already been checked out on the LAWS rocket, a USMC weapon.
Their hobbies appear to consist of target shooting and playing pool (which we see them doing in The Enforcer). They appear to subsist on a diet of hot dogs, hamburgers and strong black coffee which they take without sugar and is so unchanging that they simply orders 'The usual' from the staff of their regular eateries (in The Dead Pool they sample their girlfriend's unknown dessert but does not have one himself). They drink beer, and on one occasion apple juice, and both runs and weightlifts in the gym. In Sudden Impact they acquire a pet bulldog called 'Meathead' but there is no sign of them in The Dead Pool.
Callahan uses different pairs of sunglasses throughout the series. Their sunglasses in Magnum Force are the Ray-Ban Balorama.
In The Enforcer, they use Ray-Ban B&L Aviator Style A. In Sudden Impact, they wear Gargoyles ANSI sunglasses.
Partners
When Al Quan becomes Callahan's partner in The Dead Pool, the inspector respects Quan's experience but does not want to work with anyone because, they say, "most of my partners end up in the hospital or dead"; they also warn Quan to "get a bulletproof vest", which ends up saving Quan in an explosion. It is a recurring theme in the Dirty Harry films that Callahan has a high turnover of partners; most are killed or wounded while working with him. In Dirty Harry, they mention two unseen partners named Fanducci and Dietrich; Dietrich is in the hospital having been shot, while Fanducci is dead (in The Enforcer, reference is made to the fact that Fanducci was killed in 1968). Their partner in Dirty Harry, Chico Gonzalez, survive being shot by Scorpio and later retires (in Magnum Force, Harry remarks that Gonzalez became a college teacher after leaving the police force). Their partner in Magnum Force, Earlington "Early" Smith is killed by a bomb planted in their mailbox. In The Enforcer, Kate Moore is killed by terrorists while saving Callahan's life. They had previously mentioned Fanducci and Smith's names to Harry, to demonstrate that they are aware of the risks of being their partner. Occasional Callahan partner Frank DiGiorgio is also killed, albeit whilst working with another officer. Of all Callahan's partners seen on screen, Quan and Gonzalez are the only two to survive. Gonzalez saves Callahan's life by shooting at Scorpio right before Scorpio was about to shoot Callahan. Callahan's partner in Sudden Impact played by Albert Popwell also played a bank robber in Dirty Harry, a community activist in The Enforcer, and a pimp in Magnum Force.
Another theme explored in several movies is Callahan being assigned a partner they would instinctively resent being paired with: Gonzalez because they are a rookie college graduate, and Moore because they are a woman in total lack of field experience. However, they eventually earn their respect and both go on to save Harry's life.
Relationships
In Dirty Harry we learn that Callahan's unnamed wife has recently died, their picture still on display in their apartment. In Magnum Force they begin a relationship with Sunny, an Asian woman who is one of their neighbors and asks to go to bed with them on their first meeting. In Sudden Impact they establish a sexual relationship with vigilante Jennifer Spencer although it is uncertain if this goes any further, with Spencer commenting 'Neither of us want to be alone tonight'. The Dead Pool implies a romantic relationship with news reporter Samantha Walker, and the film ends with them and Callahan walking away together.
Cultural recognition
Callahan is considered a film icon, so much so that their nickname, "Dirty Harry", has entered the lexicon as slang for ruthless police officers. Harry Callahan was voted number 23 by Empire Magazine on their list of The 100 Greatest Movie Characters. Callahan was voted the 17th greatest movie hero on 100 Years... 100 Heroes and Villains. They were also named one of The 20 All Time Coolest Heroes in Pop Culture by Entertainment Weekly. They were also ranked 42nd by Premiere magazine on their list of the 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time. The character also received recognition from the American Film Institute. Callahan's trademark weapon, the Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 Magnum revolver, was named the second greatest movie weapon of all time, behind the lightsaber from Star Wars.
On AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes, two of Dirty Harry's famous lines ranked 6th and 51st, respectively:
The former phrase was borrowed by US President Ronald Reagan in a March 1985 speech to the American Business Conference. Promising to veto any proposed tax rises, they challenged those who wanted them to: "Go ahead, make my day." It has also given its name to a law in Colorado, the Make My Day Law, which protects homeowners who use lethal force against intruders.
See also
Dirty Harry (film series)
Dirty Harry (NES Game)
References
Dirty Harry
Fictional characters based on real people
Fictional characters from San Francisco
Fictional gunfighters
Fictional mass murderers
Fictional people from the 20th-century
Fictional police officers in films
Fictional San Francisco Police Department detectives
Fictional United States Marine Corps personnel
Fictional vigilantes
Film characters introduced in 1971
Thriller film characters
Colonel Samuel Reber, Sr. (October 16, 1864 – April 16, 1933) was an aviation pioneer in the Signal Corps.
They were born on October 16, 1864 in Missouri. Reber attended the United States Military Academy and graduated on July 1, 1882. They were promoted to second lieutenant in the 4th Cavalry Regiment on July 1, 1886. John J. Pershing, along with Charles T. Menoher, George B. Duncan, Julius Penn, and several others, were among their classmates. They married Cecilia Sherman Miles, the daughter of General Nelson Appleton Miles and Mary Hoyt Sherman, on January 10, 1900 in Washington, D.C. They had as their son, Samuel Reber, Jr.
They died on April 16, 1933. They were buried in Arlington National Cemetery on April 16, 1933.
References
1864 births
1933 deaths
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army colonels
United States Army personnel of World War I
The 48th Battalion was an infantry battalion of the Australian Army. It was originally raised in 1916 for service during World War I and took part in the fighting in the trenches of the Western Front in France and Belgium, before being disbanded in early 1919. After the war, the battalion was re-raised as a part-time unit based initially in Victoria and later in South Australia. In 1930 it was amalgamated with the 43rd Battalion and remained so until late 1939, subsequently being linked with the 10th Battalion in 1942. The battalion did not see combat during World War II, and after the war was re-raised as an amalgamated unit, again with the 43rd Battalion, in 1952. They remained linked until 1960 when the 43rd/48th Battalion was subsumed by the Royal South Australia Regiment.
History
World War I
The 48th Battalion was raised in Egypt on 16 March 1916 as part of the reorganisation and expansion of the Australian Imperial Force (AIF) following the Gallipoli campaign. This was achieved by transferring cadres of experienced personnel predominately from the 1st Division to the newly formed battalions and combining them with recently recruited personnel who had been dispatched as reinforcements from Australia. The unit's first intake of personnel were drawn from men originating from South Australia and Western Australia, many of whom had already served with the 16th Battalion. Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Raymond Leane, formerly of the 11th Battalion, the battalion became part of the 12th Brigade attached to the 4th Australian Division. Several of Leane's relatives, including their brother, Benjamin, who served as adjutant, and three of their nephews – Allan, Reuben, and Geoffrey – and a few others, also served in the 48th. As a result, the battalion was nicknamed the "Joan of Arc Battalion", in reference to a quip that the battalion was "made of (all) Leanes" – that is, a pun on Joan's own nickname, "The Maid of Orleans.
Throughout March and April 1916, the battalion undertook training in the desert before being moved to Habieta in early May where they briefly manned defensive positions as a precaution against a possible Ottoman attack on the Suez Canal. On 1 June, after a preliminary march to Serapeum, the battalion was moved by rail to Alexandria and boarded the troopship Caledonia, which sailed for France two days later. They docked at Marseilles on 9 June, after which they were moved to northern France by rail.
In July and August, the battalion was committed to the fighting along the Western Front for the first time, taking part in the Battle of Pozières, during which it suffered 598 casualties out of its complement of just over 1,000 men. Following this, it undertook a defensive role around Mouquet Farm, before being moved to Flanders where they rotated with the other three battalions of the brigade to man a sector of the line south of Ypres. No major attacks occurred in their sector during this time, and although there were a few casualties, the battalion was able to replace some of its losses, reaching a strength of around 700 men.
After enduring the worst European winter in 40 years, during which they continued to take their turn at the front line, in March 1917 the battalion followed up the Germans as they withdrew towards the Hindenburg Line. A new defensive line was established further west and early the following month the battalion attacked around Bullecourt, suffering 435 casualties. Its next major battle came around Passchendaele in October. With three companies forward and one in reserve, the battalion advanced steadily in its sector, taking over 200 prisoners. As the advance stalled on their left, the battalion was caught in a German counterattack and suffered heavily, losing 369 men killed or wounded, out of the 621 men involved.
After Passchendaele, the battalion was withdrawn out of the line throughout the winter, before being moved to Belgium in January 1918. In March 1918, following the collapse of Russia, the Germans launched the "Spring Offensive", a major operation on the Western Front. As the Allies were pushed back, the 48th Battalion undertook a defensive role around Dernancourt, blocking the Amiens Road, before joining the final Allied offensive around Amiens in August. It was withdrawn from the line in mid-September and did not see action again before the war ended in November. During its last battle, at Le Verguier, north-west of St. Quentin, Private James Woods performed the deeds that resulted in them receiving the Victoria Cross (VC). The 48th Battalion was disbanded on 31 March 1919. During the fighting, it suffered lost 843 killed in action or died on active service and 1,628 wounded.
Members of the battalion received the following decorations: one VC, one Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George, four Distinguished Service Orders, 36 Military Crosses, 23 Distinguished Conduct Medals, 177 Military Medals, three Meritorious Service Medals, eight French Croix de Guerres; one Belgian Croix de Guerre; one Serbian award and one Russian award. A total of 16 battle honours were awarded to the 48th Battalion in 1927 for its involvement in the war.
Inter-war years and World War II
In 1921, the battalion was re-raised as part the re-organisation of the Australian military that took place at that time. Assigned to the 3rd Military District, the battalion was raised as a part-time unit in Victoria, drawing personnel from the Citizen Forces' 5th Battalion, 24th Infantry Regiment. Following a re-organisation, the Victorian-based 48th Battalion became the 52nd Battalion and the 48th Battalion was re-raised in South Australia from the 32nd Infantry Regiment (Torrens Regiment), which traced its lineage back to the 79th Infantry (Torrens Battalion). In 1927, the battalion adopted the territorial designation of the "Torrens Regiment" and the motto Nunquam Victis, and was officially entrusted with battle honours from World War I. In 1930, an alliance with the Northamptonshire Regiment was formed. Later that year, amidst the austerity of the Great Depression and following the election of the Scullin Labor government, the compulsory training scheme was suspended, and the decision was made to amalgamate the battalion due to a decline in the numbers of volunteers. At this time it was merged with the 43rd Battalion, to become the "43rd/48th Battalion".
Throughout the early part of World War II, these battalions remained linked, undertaking garrison duties in Australia. At the outset of the war, the battalion was assigned to the 3rd Brigade, but it was transferred several times with assignments including the 6th, 31st, 5th, 9th and 28th Brigades. In November 1939, the 43rd/48th Battalion was split and both battalions reformed in their own right. The battalion was mobilised for war service at Warradale following Japan's entry into the war in December 1941, but moved to Woodside, South Australia, later in the month and undertook guard duties at the Loveday Internment Camp for a period.
In early 1942, the 3rd Brigade, less the 48th Battalion, deployed to Darwin; at this time the 48th was transferred to the 6th Brigade and moved to Gherang, Victoria. When the 6th Brigade was sent to Western Australia, the 48th Battalion remained to defence Port Phillip Heads. This lasted until May, when the battalion moved to Narellan, New South Wales, as part of a plan for it to join the 5th Brigade. This did not eventuate as the brigade was sent to Western Australia, and instead the 48th joined the 31st Brigade. Following this, the 48th moved to Ingleburn, where it began converting to an anti-aircraft unit. The battalion's machine gun company was sent to the Northern Territory, though, becoming part of the 19th Machine Gun Battalion. On 27 August 1942, the battalion was amalgamated with the 10th Battalion in Darwin, becoming the "10th/48th Battalion". This was largely an amalgamation in name only, though, as the majority of the previous 48th Battalion personnel were used to form the 108th Light Anti-Aircraft Regiment, consisting of three batteries: the 147th, 148th and 149th. Despite being gazetted as an "AIF" battalion, which meant that it could be deployed outside Australian territory as its personnel volunteered for service overseas, the 10th/48th Battalion did not take part in any fighting during the war and was disbanded on 8 August 1945.
Post World War II
In 1948, following the demobilisation of Australia's wartime military, the part-time forces were re-raised under the guise of the Citizens Military Force (CMF), but the 48th Battalion was not re-raised until August 1952, forming an amalgamated until with the 43rd Battalion, known as the "43rd/48th Infantry Battalion (The Hindmarsh Regiment)". On 1 July 1960, a widespread re-organisation of the CMF resulted in the creation of six State-based multi-battalion regiments as the smaller, regional regiments of the past were consolidated. As a result, the 43rd/48th Battalion became subsumed into the Pentropic 1st Battalion, Royal South Australia Regiment, providing one company: 'C' (The Mid North Company). Although it was no longer on the Australian Army's order of battle, in 1961, the 48th Battalion was entrusted with the 14 battle honours that the 2/48th Battalion, received for its involvement in the fighting in North Africa, New Guinea and Borneo during World War II.
Battle honours
The 48th Battalion was awarded the following battle honours:
World War I: Somme 1916–18, Pozières, Bullecourt, Messines 1917, Ypres 1917, Menin Road, Polygon Wood, Passchendaele, Ancre 1918, Hamel, Amiens, Albert 1918, Hindenburg Line, Épehy, France and Flanders 1916–18, Egypt 1915–16.
World War II: North Africa 1941–42, Defence of Tobruk, El Adem Road, The Salient 1941, Defence of Alamein Line, Tell el Eisa, El Alamein, South-West Pacific 1943–45, Lae–Nadzab, Finschhafen, Defence of Scarlet Beach, Sattelberg, Borneo, Tarakan (inherited).
Notes
References
Australian World War I battalions
Military units and formations established in 1916
Military units and formations disestablished in 1960
The 2022 Women's World Ice Hockey Championships was the 24th such series of tournaments organised by the International Ice Hockey Federation. Teams participate at several levels of competition. The tournaments also served as qualifications for the 2023 competition.
Championship (Top Division)
After the top division was paused every four years (during the Olympics), a new proposal called for the tournament to be played every year from 2022 onward. The proposal was adopted on 22 September 2021. The tournament was held in Herning and Frederikshavn, Denmark from 25 August to 4 September 2022.
Division I
Group A
The Division I Group A tournament was played in Angers, France, from 24 to 30 April 2022.
Group B
The Division I Group B tournament was played in Katowice, Poland, from 8 to 14 April 2022.
Division II
Group A
The Division II Group A tournament was played in Jaca, Spain, from 3 to 8 April 2022.
Group B
The Division II Group B tournament was played in Zagreb, Croatia, from 17 to 22 May 2022.
Division III
Group A
The Division III Group A tournament was played in Sofia, Bulgaria, from 4 to 7 April 2022.
Group B
The Division III Group B tournament was played in Belgrade, Serbia, from 22 to 25 March 2022.
References
External links
Official website of IIHF
World Ice Hockey Championships - Women's
IIHF Women's World Ice Hockey Championships
The Thompson/Center Ugalde, or TCU family of wildcat cartridges, was developed by Wes Ugalde of Fallon, Nevada, by necking up .223 Remington brass to accept larger bullets. The cartridges were developed for the Thompson Center Arms Contender single shot pistol, and are widely used in handgun metallic silhouette competition and handgun hunting.
History and motivation
The Contender pistol, with its break action, provides a very versatile platform for experimenting with cartridges, since all that is needed to change calibers is to change barrels. While not as strong as bolt action designs, such as the Remington XP-100, the Contender is capable of handling medium power cartridges, and many wildcats appeared based on cartridges such as the .30-30 Winchester and the .223 Remington. The TCU family is formed by necking up the .223 to the new diameter, and fire forming to reduce case taper and increase shoulder angle. The 7 mm version first appeared around 1980, with the .25 caliber appearing in 1987. The larger calibers provide more downrange energy, and resist wind deflection better than the original .22 caliber (5.56mm) bullet, and the moderate case capacity of the .223 Remington works well in the short pistol barrels.
Variants
The cartridges in the TCU family include:
6 mm TCU (.243 caliber)
.25 Ugalde, also known as .25 TCU (6.35 mm)
6.5 mm TCU, also known as 6.5×45 mm (.264 caliber, really a 6.7 mm bullet)
7 mm TCU (.284 caliber)
.30 TCU (.308 caliber)
Popularity
The TCU family of cartridges is still going strong in competition, with top shooters at the 2007 IHMSA championship shooting 6.5 mm and 7 mm TCU from both Contenders and other pistols.
Methodology
Generally, only new, unfired .223 Remington brass is used for handloading TCU cartridges to avoid the premature case neck splits that can occur when resizing previously-fired .223 Remington brass with TCU reloading dies. Done this way, TCU sized brass generally becomes as reliable for multiple reloadings as any other handgun cartridge case.
References
Cartridge families
Wildcat cartridges
Kizilyaka can refer to:
Kızılyaka, Altınyayla
Kızılyaka, Çameli
General Ward may refer to:
United Kingdom
Alfred Dudley Ward (1905–1991), British Army general
Francis Ward (British Army officer) (1840–1919), British Army major general
Philip Ward (1924–2003), British Army major general
Richard Ward (British Army officer) (1917–1989), British Army general
Robert Ward (British Army officer) (born 1935), British Army major general
United States
Artemas Ward (1727–1800), Continental Army major general
Durbin Ward (1819–1886), Union Army brevet brigadier general
H. Marshal Ward (born 1946), U.S. Air Force major general
J. H. Hobart Ward (1823–1903), U.S. Army brigadier general
Leonard C. Ward (1917–2001), U.S. Army brigadier general
Orlando Ward (1891–1972), U.S. Army major general
William E. Ward (born 1949), U.S. Army four-star general
William F. Ward Jr. (1928–2018), U.S. Army major general
William Thomas Ward (1808–1878), Union Army brigadier general
Other
Frederick Townsend Ward (1831–1862), American-born Qing Imperial Army general
See also
Anthony Ward-Booth (1927–2002), British Army major general
John Ward-Harrison (1918–1985), British Army major general
George Warde (1725–1803), British Army general
Attorney General Ward (disambiguation)
The West Godavari district is a coastal district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh with an administrative headquarters in Bhimavaram. As of the 2011 Census of India, the district has an area of and a population of 3,936,966. It is bounded by the Krishna district and Bay of Bengal to the south, East Godavari district to the east, and Eluru district, Kolleru Lake and Upputeru Drain to the northwest.
History
The Eastern Chalukyas ruled coastal Andhra Pradesh from 700 to 1200 CE, with their capital in Vengi. Historical evidence of their rule has been found in the nearby villages of Pedavegi and Guntupalli (Jilakarragudem). Eluru then became a part of the Kalinga Empire until 1471 CE before conquest by the Gajapati Empire. In 1515 CE, Sri Krishna Deva Raya captured it. After the fall of the Vijayanagara Kingdom, it was ruled by the Qutb Shahi Dynasty's Sultans of Golkonda. On 15 April 1925, the West Godavari District was formed with Bhimavaram as its headquarters, and all of the district offices and regional offices were centralized in Eluru.
During the Madras Presidency in 1823, the District of Rajahmundry was created. It was reorganized in 1859 and bifurcated into the Godavari and Krishna districts. During British rule, Rajahmundry was the headquarters of Godavari district, which was further bifurcated into the East Godavari and West Godavari districts in 1925. When the Godavari district was divided, Kakinada became the headquarters of East Godavari and Eluru became the headquarters of West Godavari. After the 4 April 2022 bifurcation for a separate Eluru district, Bhimavaram became the new headquarters of the West Godavari district.
Geography
The district occupies an area of . The district is bounded by the East Godavari district on the North, Eluru district on the Northwest, Kakinada district on the Southeast, Krishna district on the Southwest. and Bay of Bengal on the south. The Godavari River flows on the east, while the Tammileru River and Kolleru Lake separate it from the Krishna district on the west.
Rivers and topography
West Godavari is a flat region with a slight slope along the rivers flowing eastward. The three rivers cutting through the district are the Godavari (after which the district is named), the Yerrakaluva, and the Tammileru. Sir Arthur Cotton Barrage, Eluru Canal, Vijayarai Anicut, Tammileru, Jalleru, and the Yerrakaluva reservoirs are the major sources of irrigation.
Climate
The region has a tropical climate similar to the rest of the Coastal Andhra region. The summers (March–June) are very hot and dry, while the winters are much cooler. The temperatures in the summers often rise over 50°C during the day. The rainy season (July–December) is considered the best time for tourist visits, as the fields are bright green with paddy crops, rivers are flowing with monsoon water, and climate is relatively cool. There are several large mensions scattered around the Godavari area that once belonged to zamindars.
Demographics
As of the 2011 Census of India, the West Godavari district has a population of 3,936,966 with 1,091,525 households, which is the 11th most populous district in the state. The district's population is approximately equal to the population of Croatia and the American state of Oklahoma.
In Andhra Pradesh, the West Godavari district is the 19th largest in terms of area with an area of (before bifurcation) and has a population density of , which is the fourth-most densely populated district in the state. Its population growth rate between 2001–2011 was 3.45%. West Godavari has a sex ratio of 1004 females for every 1000 males and stands at the eighth position. It has the highest literacy rate among all Andhra Pradesh districts with 26,52,389 (74.63%) literate residents. 20.6% of the district's population lives in urban areas.
After bifurcation, the district had a population of 1,779,935. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes made up 289,195 (16.25%) and 15,670 (0.88%) of the population respectively. Telugu was the predominant language, spoken by 98.67% of the population.
Economy
The gross district domestic product is and it contributes 8.8% to the gross state domestic product. For the FY 2013–14, the per capita income at current prices was .
Paddy, banana, sugarcane, and coconut are the main agricultural products cultivated in the district. The agriculture sector contributes , industries contribute , and services contribute to the gross district domestic product. The major products contributing to the gross value added of the district from agriculture and allied services are the previously listed agricultural products, as well as milk, meat, and fisheries. The gross value added to the industrial and service sector is contributed from construction, electricity, manufacturing, unorganized trade, and transport.
Cashew nut, mango and tobacco are other important produce from the district. Shrimp production is also a main activity along with fish farming. The woolen pile carpet industry in Eluru produces eco-friendly carpets from exported wool.
Culture
Telugu is the most widely spoken language. The Vedas, which have oral heritage recognition by UNESCO, are taught at the Sri Venkateswara Veda Patasala of the district's Bhimavaram village. The district is well known for its wool-pile carpets and hand woven products.
Tourism and landmarks
Eluru is the largest city of the district with many destinations having Buddhists and archeological importance, such as the Guntupalli Caves, one of the top 30 Indian heritage sites, near the city. Eluru hosts a 74-foot high Buddha statue in the heart of the city.
Some of the religious destinations include Dwaraka Tirumala, known by the name of Chinna Tirumala, Veerabhadra Temple, Pattiseema, and Pancharama Kshetras of Palakollu and Bhimavaram. Other tourist destinations of importance are Perupalem Beach at Narasapuram, the Kolleru Lake (the largest fresh water lake in the country and a bird sanctuary), Sir Arthur Cotton Barrage, and Havelock Bridge. The Government of Andhra Pradesh is keen on developing Rajahmundry Airport as an international airport to boost tourism, including helicopter tours over the Godavari districts. The Polavaram Project irrigation system is expected to become another tourist attraction for the district.
Administrative divisions
The new West Godavari district has two revenue divisions in Bhimavaram and Narasapuram. These revenue divisions divide the district into 19 mandals. These 19 mandals consists of 296 Revenue villages, 0 municipal corporations, and 6 municipalities (Narasapuram, Palakollu, Tadepalligudem, Tanuku, and Bhimavaram, Akiveedu.
Parliament Segment
Narasapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)
Assembly Segments
Narasapuram Lok Sabha constituency presently comprises the following Legislative Assembly segments:
Erstwhile Talukas
Before the formation of mandals, the district was administered through a system of talukas. In 1978, the number of talukas in the West Godavari district increased from 8 to 19. In 1985, the 19 talukas were divided into 46 mandals.
The Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act of 2014, merged two mandals from Telangana into the West Godavari District for unified governance over the Polavaram Project, increasing the total mandals to 48.
Cities and towns
Constituencies
There is one parliamentary and seven assembly constituencies in the district. The parliamentary constituency is Narsapuram (Lok Sabha constituency)
The Assembly constituencies are:
Transport
Roadways
The total road length of state highways in the district is . The district relies mostly on public transport, such as buses of the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation. Most of the major national highways, like NH216 and NH165, pass through towns in the district.
Railways
The South Central Railway division of Indian Railways operates many passenger routes and freight transport through the district. The Howrah-Chennai main line, Vijayawada–Nidadavolu loop line, and Bhimavaram–Narasapuram branch lines are the major lines and sections that provide rail connectivity in the district. The Kovvur-Bhadrachalam Railway line and Kotipalli-Narsapur Railway line are the major railway projects in the district.
Airways
Since the district's Tadepalligudem Airport is not operational, the adjacent Rajahmundry Airport is utilized instead.
Waterways
National Waterway 4 passes through the district and connects Puducherry with Kakinada and Rajahmundry via Tadepalligudem, Eluru. It has access to the Bay of Bengal at Narsapuram. The Andra Pradesh state government began construction of a fishing harbor in Narsapuram in September 2021.
Education
The primary and secondary schools are maintained by the government under the state's School Education Department of the state, supplemented by private institutions. According to the school information report for the 2015–16 academic year, there are a total of 4,408 schools. They include 19 government, 2,664 mandal and zilla parishads, 1 residential schools, 1,344 private schools, 3 Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya (KGBV), 208 municipal schools, and 169 other types of schools. The total number of students enrolled in primary, upper primary, and high schools within the district was 522,793 during the 2015-16 school year..
Universities
National Institute of Technology, Tadepalligudem (NIT, Tadepalligudem)
Dr. Y.S.R. Horticultural University, Venkataramannagudem, Tadepalligudem
Notable people
Chiranjeevi, film actor, Central Minister
Prabhas, actor
Alluri Sitarama Raju, freedom fighter
Krishnam Raju, film actor, Central Minister
Ramalinga Raju, founder of Satyam Computer Services
Trivikram Srinivas, film director
Sunil (actor), actor
See also
List of villages in West Godavari district
References
External links
West Godavari district official website
Official website
Districts of Andhra Pradesh
1925 establishments in India
Phyllostachys rubromarginata, the reddish bamboo or red margin bamboo, is a species of Phyllostachys bamboo, native to Central China, specifically Guangxi and Guizhou.
Name
Its common name comes from the colorization of the margins of the newly sprouted culm sheaths, exhibiting a reddish stripe. It was classified by the Smithsonian's Floyd McClure in 1940. In China, it is named hongbian zhu or nuer zhu (maiden's bamboo).
Description
Red margin bamboo is a cold-hardy, temperate mountain bamboo which grows and spreads quickly, creating a tall screen, and reproducing by running underground rhizomes.
Phyllostachys rubromarginata culms may reach as high as 4 to 9 m (13 to 29 ft), while in China, it is reported as high as 16 m (52 ft). Mature culms grow from 2.5 to 6 cm (1.0 to 2.4") in diameter with dark green internodes 22–31 cm (8.66–12.20 in) apart. It is cold tolerant to between −16 and −24 °C (3.2° and −11.2 °F).
Usage and distribution
Its high-quality timber is used in basket making, and has become a popular ornamental plant in North America. The shoots are edible. It grows wild in Guangxi and Guizhou as scrub and along banks of gullies. It is commonly cultivated in Henan, China.
References
Lingnan University Science Bulletin. Canton [Guangzhou] 9:44. 1940
rubromarginata
Endemic flora of China
Flora of Guizhou
Flora of Guangxi
Grasses of China
Johann Rahn (Latinised form Rhonius) (10 March 1622 – 25 May 1676) was a Swiss mathematician who is credited with the first use of the division sign, ÷ (a repurposed obelus variant) and the therefore sign, ∴. The symbols were used in Teutsche Algebra, published in 1659. John Pell collaborated with Rahn in this book, which contains an example of the Pell equation. It is uncertain whether Rahn or Pell was responsible for introducing the symbols.
Books
Teutsche Algebra - Johann H. Rahn
Literature
R. Acampora Johann Heinrich Rahn und seine Teutsche Algebra, in R. Gebhardt (Herausgeber) Visier- und Rechenbücher der frühen Neuzeit, Schriften des Adam-Ries-Bundes Annaberg-Buchholz 19, 2008, S. 163–178
Moritz Cantor: Rahn, Johann Heinrich . In: General German Biography (ADB). Volume 27, Duncker & Humblot, Leipzig, 1888, pp. 174 f
Noel Malcolm, Jacqueline Stedall John Pell (1611–1685) and Their Correspondence with Sir Charles Cavendish: The Mental World of an Early Modern Mathematician, Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2005
Christoph Scriba John Pell's English Edition of J. H. Rahn 's Teutsche Algebra, in: R. S. Cohen (Herausgeber) For Dirk Struik, Reidel: Dordrecht 1974, S. 261–274
Jacqueline Stedall A Discourse Concerning Algebra: English Algebra to 1685, Oxford University Press, Oxford, 2002
See also
History of mathematical notation
References
general
Cajori, Florian. A History of Mathematical Notations. 2 volumes. Lasalle, Illinois: The Open Court Publishing Co., 1928–1929 vol. 2, page 211.
citations
1622 births
1676 deaths
17th-century Swiss mathematicians
Sir John Godard (c. 1346 – 1392), of Bransholme, Yorkshire was a Member of Parliament for Yorkshire in 1386 and 1391.
References
1346 births
1392 deaths
14th-century English people
English MPs 1386
English MPs 1391
Members of the Parliament of England for constituencies in Yorkshire
The Sermon for Necessities (Arabic: Khutbat-ul-Haajah) is a popular sermon (khutbah) in the Islamic world (particularly as the introduction to a khutbah during Jumu'ah). It is used as an introduction to numerous undertakings of a Muslim.
History of the Sermon
The Sermon for Necessities was initially taught by Muhammad as part of the Sunnah. From Muhammad, the sermon has been reported by numerous Sahaba including: Abd Allah ibn Mas'ud, Abu Musa Ashaari, `Abd Allah ibn `Abbas, Jabir ibn Abd-Allah, Aisha and Sahl ibn Sa'd.
The use of the sermon had been neglected for some years until certain scholars such as Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Tahawi, Ibn Taymiyyah, and Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya and others revived it.
Text of the Sermon
The Sermon for Necessities is composed of the following text (i.e. the English translation of the original Arabic text) as taught by Muhammad, including Ayat (Verses) from three different Qur'anic Suras (Chapters):
After saying “To proceed,” the person then continues upon what they planned to say, write or do.
See also
Dua
Khutbah
References
Salah
Islamic sermons
Salah terminology
7th-century speeches
Thirunaal () is a 2016 Indian Tamil-language action drama film written and directed by P. S. Ramnath and produced by M. Senthil Kumar. The film stars Jiiva and Nayanthara in their second collaboration after E. The music was composed by Srikanth Deva. The film was released on 5 August 2016.
Plot
"Blade" Ganesh (Jiiva) is a henchman for a local don Naaga (Sharath Lohitashwa) and is loyal to them without any reason. Blade is ready to go to any extent for the sake of Naaga. However, Naaga views Blade just as a henchman and uses them to run their local mafia. Vithya (Nayanthara) is the daughter of a local factory owner (Joe Malloori) who is also a friend of Naaga. They fall for Ganesh after they save them from a few goons. Vithya's father arranges their wedding with another man, but everyone learns about the love affair between Vithya and Blade, which creates animosity between Naaga and Vithya's father. Naaga does not want Blade to marry anyone as they fear that Blade might leave them post-marriage, which could weaken their mafia business. Blade overhears Naaga's conversation and understands their true intentions and feels bad for blindly trusting Naaga all these days leading to their transformation into a good human being.
Vithya's father decides to move out of town with family and asks Naaga to return the money which they owe, but Naaga refuses and betrays Vithya's father. Blade comes to their rescue and with their help, Vithya's father complains in a police station following which Naaga returns the money. Naaga decides to kill Blade for moving away from him. Vithya's father understands Blade's transformation and agrees to get Vithya married to him. On the day before Blade's wedding, Naaga's henchmen hit Blade but is saved. Blade decides to take revenge and kills Naaga, following which they surrender in court.  They are released after a few years and marries Vithya.
Cast
Jiiva as "Blade" Ganesh
Nayantara as Vithya
Sharath Lohitashwa as Naaga
Karunas as Mani
Joe Malloori as Vithya's father
Rama as Vithya's mother
Gopinath as ASP Pugazhenthi
Jangiri Madhumitha as Vithya's driver
Meenakshi as Prema
D. R. K. Kiran as Ganesh's friend
V. I. S. Jayapalan as Durai
Ramdoss as Tips
G. Marimuthu
Sujatha Sivakumar as Vasuki
Ramachandran Durairaj as Naaga's henchman
Thirumurugan
Cheranraj
Sujibala
Usilampatti Perumayi
Supergood Subramani as Principal's friend
Bava Lakshmanan as Nadhaswaram player
Production
The film was first reported in November 2014, when Jiiva had agreed terms to work on a village-centric film directed by P. S. Ramnath, who had previously made Ambasamudram Ambani (2010). Nayanthara signed on to appear in the film in April 2015, while Srikanth Deva was confirmed as the film's music director. The film began its first schedule in Kumbakonam in May 2015 at a grand Agraharam set. The films trailer was released on for Diwali . The shooting for the film was completed by the end of August 2015 and the post production work thereafter started.
Track listing
Lyrics written by Muthu Vijayan.
Reception
Behindwoods rated the film 1.75 out of 5 stating "Had the film come ten years ago, it might have worked a little better." Baradwaj Rangan of the Hindu called it " Nicely made, but still pretty generic" in their review.
References
External links
2016 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Films scored by Srikanth Deva
2016 action drama films
Indian action drama films
The Parramatta River railway bridge is a heritage-listed former railway bridge and now cycleway which carried the Main Northern line across the Parramatta River between the suburbs of Meadowbank and Rhodes in the City of Canada Bay local government area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The railway bridge was designed by John Whitton and built in 1886. The bridge is also known as the Meadowbank Rail Bridge over Parramatta River, erroneously the John Whitton Bridge and the Meadowbank-Rhodes Railway Bridge. The property is owned by RailCorp, an agency of the Government of New South Wales. It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
History
The bridge was built in 1886.
In 1980, a new parallel bridge, the John Whitton Bridge, was built to carry the train line and the historic bridge was taken out of use. After twenty years of disuse, it was converted to a pedestrian bridge and cycleway in the lead-up to the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In 2016, the local mayor and state opposition expressed concern about the deteriorating state of the bridge and called upon the state government to fund repairs and confirm their future plans for the bridge.
Heritage listing
The Meadowbank-Rhodes bridge is one of twelve double lattice girder bridges that survive substantially intact in the NSW railway system. As such it is of exceptional heritage significance as evidence of a short lived but highly popular approach to bridge design in which the spanning girders were reinforced by a lattice of bars, adjusted to suit changing structural forces. This bridge is the largest double track lattice girder bridge to be prefabricated in England for export to Australia and has significant variations on the standardised design. The bridge is one of the most architecturally impressive nineteenth century Australian railway structures. A unity in design, lively detail, skilful use of materials and fine workmanship is displayed by the bridge and its abutments. The Meadowbank-Rhodes bridge is an exceptional piece of early Australian railway engineering.
Meadowbank Rail Bridge over Parramatta River was listed on the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Engineering heritage award
The bridge received a Historic Engineering Marker from Engineers Australia as part of its Engineering Heritage Recognition Program.
See also
Bike paths in Sydney
:Category:Railway bridges in New South Wales
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
New South Wales State Heritage Register
Cyclist bridges in Australia
Pedestrian bridges in Australia
Articles incorporating text from the New South Wales State Heritage Register
Meadowbank
1886 establishments in Australia
Bridges completed in 1886
Recipients of Engineers Australia engineering heritage markers
Contours is the second album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers recorded in 1965 and released on the Blue Note label. The CD reissue contains an alternate take as a bonus track.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 5 stars and stated "On Contours, their second Blue Note album, tenor saxophonist Sam Rivers fully embraced the avant-garde, but presented their music in a way that wouldn't be upsetting or confusing to hard bop loyalists... Rarely is Contours anything less than enthralling, and it remains one of the mid-'60s avant-garde movement".
Track listing
All compositions by Sam Rivers.
"Point of Many Returns" - 9:20
"Dance of the Tripedal" - 10:07
"Euterpe" - 11:43
"Mellifluous Cacophony" - 8:58
"Mellifluous Cacophony" [Alternate Take] - 9:04 Bonus track on CD reissue
Personnel
Sam Rivers - tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, flute
Freddie Hubbard - trumpet
Herbie Hancock - piano
Ron Carter - bass
Joe Chambers - drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Sam Rivers albums
1967 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Catch Me a Colobus is a television series narrated by Gerald Durrell, the well-known British naturalist and writer, which was shown on BBC children's television around 1967.
It described an expedition to Sierra Leone to catch colobus monkeys for Durrell's zoo in Jersey.
Durrell also wrote a 1972 book of the same name.
Nature educational television series
Gerald Durrell
Television series about animals
BBC Television shows
The Archdiocese of Gandhinagar () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical jurisdiction or archdiocese of the Catholic Church located in the city of Gandhinagar in India. The archdiocese is a metropolitan see with three suffragan dioceses in its ecclesiastical province.
History
11 November 2002: Established as the Archdiocese of Gandhinagar from the Diocese of Ahmedabad. Bishop Stanislaus Fernandes, SJ, was named Archbishop. The territory of the new Archdiocese then comprised the districts of Gandhinagar, Mehsana, Patan, Banaskantha and Sabarkantha.
Leadership
Archbishops of Gandhinagar
Archbishop Thomas Ignatius MacWan (12 June 2015 – present)
Archbishop Stanislaus Fernandes, S.J. (11 November 2002 – 12 June 2015)
Suffragan dioceses
Ahmedabad
Baroda
Rajkot
References
Sources
Archdiocese of Gandhinagar
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christian organizations established in 2002
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 21st century
2002 establishments in Gujarat
Christianity in Gujarat
Gandhinagar
Tony Squires (born 22 June 1961) is an Australian media personality of radio and television and published author
 They are perhaps best known as the presenter of the comic sport news show The Fat, which ran on ABC television from 2000 to 2003.
Career
Television
In 2000, Squires began hosting the sports show The Fat, which aired on ABC television. They remained on the show during its entire run, that ended in late 2003, when it was axed. In 2004, they joined the Seven Network to host a revamped, and retitled, sport show 110% Tony Squires, which only lasted one season.
In 2008, they joined Network Ten to host Big Mouth, a panel show based around reality television show Big Brother. The show also lasted one season, as Big Brother was axed after the 2008 series.
In April 2010, Squires replaced Alex Cullen as weekday sports presenter on Seven News in Sydney. In August 2012, Squires was replaced by Jim Wilson.
Squires is also a fill in presenter for Andrew O'Keefe on Weekend Sunrise as well as Larry Emdur on The Morning Show
In August 2012 they became a reporter on Sunday Night on Seven meaning that they no longer presents the sport on Seven News Sydney, making them the second sports presenter from the Sydney bulletin to become a Sunday Night reporter, after Alex Cullen.
In 2013 they started hosting The Back Page on Fox Sports, as they currently continue to do alongside journalist Kelli Underwood.
Radio
Squires early work in radio involved writing news bulletins for the Sydney radio station 2SM, and SBS Radio station 2EA.
In 2005, Squires and long-time colleague Rebecca Wilson (The Fat, Big Mouth) were hired by new radio station Vega 95.3 Sydney to co-host the drive-time program. In 2007, Squires and Wilson were joined by Mikey Robins, but Wilson's retirement in September 2009 prompted Vega to stand down Squires and Robins a month later.
In 2010, Tony joined Triple M hosting 'The Grapple' Sunday mornings from 8 am alongside Andrew Johns and Mark Geyer. In 2011, Squires was appointed presenter of a new rugby program on Triple M called 'The Ruck' on Sunday mornings from 9 am alongside Tim Horan and Matt Burke.  They are also a fill in presenter on The Grill Team.
Books
Squires released their book Cracking The Footy Codes: A beginner's guide to AFL, league, union and football in 2009.
Personal life
Squires grew up in Caves Beach, a suburb of Newcastle, New South Wales, where they worked as a journalist for the Newcastle Morning Herald in the early 1980s. In the 1990s they wrote a regular television review column in The Sydney Morning Herald.
Tony married their girlfriend of two years, public relations executive Kate Pascoe, on 28 November 2008. They had separated from their previous wife of twenty years, with whom they had two daughters, in 2006.
Tony is a fan of the St. George Illawarra Dragons and the Sydney Swans.
References
External links
Tony Squires official website
Australian radio personalities
Australian journalists
Big Brother (Australian TV series)
Seven News presenters
People from Newcastle, New South Wales
Living people
The Sydney Morning Herald people
1961 births
Kim Kwang-min (; born 25 December 1985) is a South Korean football defender, who plays for Duhok SC in Iraqi Premier League.
Club statistics
External links
Fagiano Okayama official website squad
Kim Kwang-min at Yahoo! Japan
1985 births
Living people
Association football defenders
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Suwon FC players
K League 2 players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Fagiano Okayama players
Fukushima United FC players
Korea National League players
Duhok SC players
Expatriate footballers in Japan
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Joint force air component commander (JFACC) is a United States Department of Defense doctrinal term. It is pronounced "Jay-Fack".
It refers to a senior officer who is responsible for the air forces within a joint force; i.e., a military force composed of forces from two or more military departments. The term "air forces" encompasses aircraft from any service not already designated to specifically support ground forces (e.g., a marine air wing as part of a MAGTF or "organic" Army aviation assets).
The tool by which the JFACC tasks assets is called an air tasking order (ATO).
As defined in Joint Publication 1-02, the JFACC is:
"The commander within a unified command, subordinate unified command, or joint task force responsible to the establishing commander for making recommendations on the proper employment of assigned, attached, and/or made available for tasking air forces; planning and coordinating air operations; or accomplishing such operational missions as may be assigned. The joint force air component commander is given the authority necessary to accomplish missions and tasks assigned by the establishing commander."
Confusion
While the position is often held by an aeronautically rated United States Air Force officer, an aeronautically designated officer of any other service can be the JFACC, if that service has the preponderance of air forces in theater (e.g., a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier strike group; a U.S. Marine Corps air-ground task force) and the ability to command and control those forces.
The JFACC is the commander of the air component of the joint force.
See also
Air Operations Center
Joint Force Land Component Commander (JFLCC)
Joint Force Maritime Component Commander (JFMCC)
References
External links
Defense Technical Information Center: JP 3-0, Joint Operations, 17 September 2006, Change 2, 22 March 2010
Defense Technical Information Center: Joint Publication 1-02, DOD Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms 8 November 2010, as amended through 31 January 2011
United States military specialisms
United States Air Force
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter L. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons. Missing Tambon numbers show where the number is either not used or the Tambon has been transferred to a different Amphoe.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
L
Rah or Ra is a small coral islet of , located in the Banks group of northern Vanuatu. The same name also refers to the single village which is situated within this islet. There are massive rocks on the island.
The islet of Rah is situated off the larger island of Mota Lava. Access to Rah is done in two ways: at low tide, by wading across the narrow strait from the mainland; at high tide, by outrigger canoe.
Name
The islet is known in English, and Bislama, as Rah (where the letter h does not represent anything in the actual name). Rah reflects a shortened version of the form Rao , which is the way the islet is called in the neighbouring language Mota. The island has also been called Ara.
In the islanders' own language Mwotlap, the islet is called Aya (with a locative prefix a-).
The name can be reconstructed, based on the Mota and Mwotlap forms, to Proto-Torres-Banks *Rao.
Population
The 2009 census figures give a population of 189 inhabitants. A 2015 estimate puts the population of the island at 224 people, with 42 households.
References
Islands of Vanuatu
Torba Province
Rick Zayonc (born 18 November 1959) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
See also
Canada men's Olympic water polo team records and statistics
List of men's Olympic water polo tournament goalkeepers
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Water polo goalkeepers
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from New Westminster
Serhiy Victorovych Rybalka (, aka Serhiy Rybalka, Sergey Rybalka) (born on 22 July 1978, Dnipropetrovsk) is a Ukrainian politician and a former member of parliament of Ukraine. They were a Chairman of the Committee of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on financial policy and banking activity and former Deputy Minister of Ecology of Ukraine, former Deputy Head of the National Agency of Ukraine on preparation and holding of the final part of the 2012 European Football Championship. Member of groups of inter-parliamentary relations with parliaments of the United States of America, the United Arab Emirates, China, Austria, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Uzbekistan. Head of the Council of the National Professional Boxing League.
Early life and Family
Serhiy Rybalka was born on 22 July 1978 in Dnipropetrovsk in the family of Victor and Yevheniia Rybalka. They started their first business in the mid-1990s. Their brother Dmytro is now the head of the family business, Victor and Yevheniia are also involved in the company's management.
In 2000 they graduated from National Metallurgical Academy of Ukraine with a degree in Metallurgy of ferrous metals.
In 2003 they graduated from Law Academy of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine with a degree in Jurisprudence.
In 2006 they married Hanna Butkevych, the daughter of Ukrainian tycoon Hennadii Butkevych, one of three co-owners of ATB-Market, the largest supermarket chain in Ukraine. In 2009 their daughter Roksolana was born. In 2013 Serhii and Hanna got divorced. This allegedly resulted in a business dispute between ATB and the companies of Rybalka's family and in criminal persecution by police and security service authorities. They continued and intensified after Serhii Rybalka was elected a member of parliament in 2014.
Business
In 1995, as a student, they and their partner, Ivan Omelchenko, founded a private enterprise in the wholesale and retail trade sphere .
From 2001 to 2003 they worked as an engineer on occupational safety, the head of the occupational protection department for Kabliuk A.V. private company.
In 2000, Serhiy Rybalka and their partner, Ivan Omelchenko, set up "Snack Export" company that then became the leader in the snack market of Ukraine. The company is the owner of several brand names: "Semki", "Kozatska rozvaga", "Flint", "Macho" and "Morski".
From 2002 to January 2005 they acted as Director of Legal Affairs at Limited Liability Company "Markom".
In January 2005 they started to work as a Director of Legal Affairs at Limited Liability Company "Snack Export".
In July 2007 they became an Advisor to the Director General of Legal Affairs at Limited Liability Company "Snack Export". During this period, within the framework of "S.I. Group" other areas of business began to develop, such as transportation, development, distribution of goods, production of pulp and paper products.
After almost two-year break, they connected with work at the Ukrainian authorities. In March 2010 they returned to business and took the post of Advisor to the Director General of Legal Affairs in "S.I. Group" corporation.
From August to November 2014, Serhiy Rybalka worked as an Advisor to the Director General of Legal Affairs at the company "Snack Export".
In September 2014, as a result of political persecution and actions of their former father-in-law Hennadii Butkevych, "S.I. Group" was reorganized. Serhiy Rybalka and Ivan Omelchenko decided on splitting the corporation into two equal parts. The new company of Serhiy Rybalka was named "S. Group".
Since Serhii became a People's Deputy, the new group of companies is now run by their family under the name S. Group.
Political career
In 2002 and 2006 they were elected a member of the Dnipropetrovsk City Council. They held position as a secretary of the standing commission on issues of legality, law enforcement, and security.
On 17 April 2008, by the order of the Government of Ukraine they were appointed as a Deputy Head of the National Agency of Ukraine on preparation and holding of the final part of the 2012 European Football Championship. At this position they were in charge of working with regions.
In January 2010, Serhiy Rybalka was appointed as a Deputy Minister of Environmental Protection of Ukraine with the Order of Government (Second Tymoshenko government).
At the extraordinary parliamentary elections, which took place on 26 October 2014, Serhiy Rybalka was elected as a deputy of the Parliament of Radical Party of Oleh Lyashko.
They were a former Head of the Committee on Financial Policy and Banking at the Parliament. As head of the committee, they initiated a number of draft laws in the field of investment, banking, and financial sector.
They were also a member of the groups on inter-parliamentary relations with the United States of America, the United Arab Emirates, China, Austria, Kazakhstan, Georgia, Uzbekistan.
(Rybalka's) Radical Party lost all its parliamentary seats in the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election, because it gained about 1% too little to clear the 5% election threshold and also did not win an electoral district seat. Rybalka itself took part in the election as an independent candidate in constituency 107 in Luhansk Oblast. Rybalka lost this election to Oleksandr Sukhov (who won with 28,96% of the votes).
Activity in Financial Committee
Serhii Rybalka chaired VR Financial Policy and Banking Committee based on political quota of the Radical Party of Oleh Lyashko, which was a part of democratic coalition until the autumn 2015. After withdrawal of the faction from the coalition, all faction members that chaired parliamentary committees turned in their resignations. These resignations, however, were not considered by the Regulatory Committee and the Verkhovna Rada for two years.
As the chair of the financial policy and banking committee, Serhii Rybalka focused on the reforms in the banking sector. Specifically, under their leadership, a group of highly respected experts, employees of NBU, commercial banks, economists and scholars developed the Strategy of Banking Sector Development in Ukraine until 2020.
This was the first time, when the parliamentary committee initiated its own strategy for a whole industry. The document was approved at the meeting of the committee and recommended for the introduction to the parliament and the government of Ukraine.
The strategy provided an analysis of the operation of the National bank in relation to providing stability of the national currency – hryvnia for the first time (which is its constitutional obligation), withdrawing problem banks from the market (in 2014–2017, over 90 banks, which is half of all banking institutions in the country, were withdrawn from the market). In addition, it provided analysis of the factors suppressing financing of the economy, absence of export support and the role of state banks in the financial system of Ukraine.
The strategy proposed to increase transparency of NBU's operation, introduce instruments to encourage development of hi-tech productions, activate financing, increase liability for violating banking laws, in particular bankrupting a bank. Rybalka and experts also proposed to create a number of development institutes on the basis of state banks to support not only big businesses, but also small and medium enterprises, improve domestic demand, support exporters and develop hi-tech branches of production.
With Serhii Rybalka as the chair of the committee, an open competition for the positions of members of the NBU Council, a supervisory constitutional body the controls how NBU exercises its authority, was introduced for the first time. Specifically, the committee reviewed programs of candidates from different political forces, before making a recommendation to the Verkhovna Rada on the candidates to be approved as the members of the NBU Council by the parliament's quota.
Also, in 2014–2017, Rybalka and VR Committee on Financial Policy and Banking drafted and introduced to the Verkhovna Rada a number of draft laws aimed at reforming the financial sector.
Specifically, these include draft laws on improving trust towards the banking system, on the deposit guarantee system for individuals, on supporting export, on minimum size of banks' capital, on credit register, on improving transparency of operation of the National Bank, on protection of rights of consumers of financial services, on stimulating financing in Ukraine.
Implementation of a number of reforms, reflected in these draft laws, is a part of requirements of the International Monetary Fund within the package of the reforms that must be implemented in order to continue cooperation with Ukraine along with the demand to create anti-corruption court.
In addition, under Rybalka's leadership, the Committee initiated the development of draft laws regulating circulation of cryptocurrency in Ukraine.[4] The draft law envisages introduction of instruments of protection of unqualified investors and also preferential conditions for development of blockchain infrastructure.
However, the parliament's unwillingness to introduce financial reforms, including those initiated by the committee chaired by Rybalka, resulted into suspension of financial assistance to Ukraine from the international partners.
Activity as a member of USA-Ukraine inter-parliamentary group
Serhii Rybalka as the Chair of the VR Committee on Financial Policy and Banking and a member of the USA-Ukraine inter-parliamentary group regularly pays working visits to Washington. In 2017, they met with a number of chairs of committees of the US Congress, held a number of meetings at the IMF, IRI, Heritage Foundation.
The issues discussed at the meetings included reforms progress in the sphere of finance and also law enforcement and judicial systems, U.S. experience in supporting small and medium enterprises as well as high level of political corruption in the contest of creating and organizing the work of the anti-corruption court.
Persecution
Since 2013 their family's business and Rybalka themselves have been persecuted, they claim for their political activity. Specifically, the media reported the first searches in January 2014. Later, the family's company was accused of tax evasion, drug trade, illegal surveillance, fraud and many other crimes, every time none of these accusations were proven in court.
Rybalka has claimed there have also been murder attempts against Rybalka and their close ally, S.Group top manager Serhiy Bilyy.
One of the financial managers of the company Iryna Savytska is also being persecuted; in 2017 they were under arrest in Georgia on what they claimed were trumped-up charges of fraudulent actions. American media has written a lot about it.
In an interview for The Washington Times a former employee of Prosecutor General of Ukraine Dmytro Sus claimed that PGO employees falsified cases against Rybalka and company. Hennadii Butkevych could have been behind these falsified cases, said Sus.
In 2017 the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine initiated a criminal proceeding regarding these facts.
References
1978 births
Living people
Radical Party of Oleh Liashko politicians
Eighth convocation members of the Verkhovna Rada
Businesspeople from Dnipro
Politicians from Dnipro
National Metallurgical Academy of Ukraine alumni
During its existence, the Soviet Union had three different constitutions in force individually at different times between 31 January 1924 to 26 December 1991.
Chronology of Soviet constitutions
These three constitutions were:
1924 Constitution of the Soviet Union – adopted 31 January 1924 ("Lenin Constitution")
1936 Constitution of the Soviet Union – adopted 5 December 1936 ("Stalin Constitution")
1977 Constitution of the Soviet Union – adopted 7 October 1977 ("Brezhnev Constitution")
The Constitutions of the Soviet Union were modeled after the 1918 Russian Constitution established by the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR), the immediate predecessor and a constituent republic of the Soviet Union. These constitutions shared and upheld most basic provisions including the Soviet Union as a socialist state, the leadership of the working class, the forms of social property, and called for a system of soviets (councils) to exercise governmental authority. Soviet constitutions declared certain political rights, such as freedom of speech, freedom of assembly, and freedom of religion, and inline with the state Marxist-Leninist ideology also identified a series of economic and social rights, as well as a set of duties of all citizens. Soviet constitutions established the bodies of the Government of the Soviet Union, outlined democratic rights, and stated the legislature was to be elected at periodical elections. Soviet constitutions became progressively longer and detailed, featuring more articles and provisions which generously expanded the rights and freedoms of the Soviet people including the right to housing and right to work. The 1936 Constitution received amendments in 1944 to allow the Soviet Union's constituent republics to be recognized as sovereign states in international law, resulting in the Ukrainian SSR and Byelorussian SSR joining the United Nations General Assembly as founding members in 1945.
The 1924 Constitution and 1936 Constitution were enacted by the Congress of Soviets, the supreme governing body of the Soviet Union since its founding in 1922. The Congress of Soviets dissolved itself upon enactment of the 1936 Constitution, replacing itself as supreme governing body with the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union which later enacted the 1977 Constitution.
The Constitution of the Soviet Union was effectively repealed upon the dissolution of the Soviet Union on 26 December 1991.
See also
Soviet democracy
References
Soviet law
Alexander Island is the largest island in Antarctica.
Alexander Island may also refer to:
Alexander Island (Nunavut)
Alexander Island (Collie River), an island in the Collie River, Western Australia
Alexander Island (Fitzroy River), an island in the Fitzroy River, Western Australia
Alexander Island (Houtman Abrolhos), an island in the Houtman Abrolhos, Western Australia
Rakahanga, formerly called Alexander Island in the Cook Islands
Alexander Island (Texas) in Houston Texas
Alexander Islands, in the Russian Arctic
Walter R. Duff (May05, 1879 September01, 1967) is known as a graphic artist and as a painter who worked in oil and watercolour. Their subjects include portraits, buildings, still life and landscapes.
Career
Duff was born in Hamilton, Ontario in 1879 and studied at the Hamilton Art School, the Art Students' League in New York City (1899-1902), and the Polytechnic Institute in London, England. They worked as a commercial artist for the Toronto Engraving Co. (1904). They were Manager of the Commercial Art Company, Toronto (1905-1907); worked for the Advertising Designers Ltd., Toronto. (1911-1915), and for The Mortimer Ltd.
Duff was a printmaker, water colourist, painter, ceramist (he decorated plates) and cabinet-maker. During their years in Canada they did oil paintings and watercolours of Georgian Bay, Haliburton and Algonquin Park. In 1916, they had a sale of their portrait etchings with a catalogue in their studio. The catalogue had a text written by Barton Hamilton and was published under the auspices of the Niello Guild. At the outbreak of World War I, they joined the Canadian Medical Corp as a private soldier. They were stationed at Orpington Hospital in England where their knowledge of anatomy and handling of sculptural materials was of help to the plastic surgeons doing repair work for the wounded soldiers, especially facial injuries. They were soon promoted to Lieutenant and then Captain. Their work was later sent to the archives of the Royal College of Surgeons and Physicians of England. In 1919, they exhibited two plaster busts, one of himself, with the Royal Canadian Academy. After the First World War, they lived in Montreal (c. 1920-25), then in 1930, moved to Douglaston, N.Y. and married. Much of their later career was spent in New York. They returned to Canada, to Toronto in 1963, after their wife died. They died in Toronto at the age of 88. In 1968, the article Walter R. Duff, Versatile Artist-designer was published in The Auctioneer in Toronto. Afterwards, an auction was held of their art at Ward-Price Auction House on College Street in 1968.
 They are represented in the National Gallery of Canada by six works, all etchings (three portraits, three landscapes) and was included in the National Gallery of Canada's major book on Lithography, The Stone Age: Lithography from its Beginnings. Their art work is also in the Art Gallery of Guelph and Art Gallery of Sudbury.
They were a founding member of the Graphic Arts Club in Canada in 1904, the year it was founded (it became the Canadian Society of Graphic Art) and they were included in a photograph of the Graphic Arts Club, Circa 1903-1904, which shows them standing, along with J. W. Beatty (Colgate Papers, Ontario Archives, Toronto). Their other affiliations included: Salmagundi Club, N.Y. (1916); Chelsea Arts Club, London (1917); and Society of Canadian Painter-Etchers and Engravers (1916), among others.
References
1879 births
1967 deaths
Canadian printmakers
Canadian male painters
20th-century Canadian painters
20th-century printmakers
20th-century Canadian male artists
The Matiu / Somes Island lighthouse is a harbour navigation light located on Matiu /Somes Island in Wellington Harbour, New Zealand. It is a sector light, marking a safe approach through the harbour channel. The first lighthouse on the site was established in 1866. It was the first inner harbour lighthouse in New Zealand, and one of only eight lighthouses nationwide at that time. However, by 1895 there were multiple complaints that it was inadequate. A replacement lighthouse with a more powerful light was built on an adjacent site and commissioned on 21 February 1900. The light was automated on 1 April 1924 and converted to electricity after 1945.
The first lighthouse
A signal station was established on Somes Island around 1840, but it was not until 1866 that the first lighthouse on the site was erected to aid safe navigation in the harbour. The lighthouse was built upon an octagonal cast iron tower, high, bolted to a brick foundation. The lantern contained a fourth order Fresnel lens, and had a 270 degree illumination angle. The lighthouse served as a sector light, marking a safe approach through the harbour channel, and was fitted with ruby and green glass screens either side of a white beam directed down the channel. The light was first lit on 17 February 1866. The lamp initially burned colza oil until it was converted to kerosene in 1878.
When commissioned it was the first inner harbour lighthouse in New Zealand, and one of only eight lighthouses nationwide at that time.
By 1895 there were complaints to the Marine Department that the Somes Island light was inadequate. A decision was made to upgrade the Somes Island light from a fourth order to a second order, and a replacement lighthouse apparatus was ordered in 1898.
The original lighthouse was dismantled in 1900 and was later re-installed at Tuhawaiki (Jack's) Point Timaru.
Replacement in 1900
The replacement lighthouse was built on a circular brick tower adjacent to the existing lighthouse. The design made use of the lantern that had become available from the decommissioning in 1897 of the first Farewell Spit lighthouse. The new Somes Island lighthouse was commissioned on 21 February 1900.
The lighthouse was automated on 1 April 1924 with the installation of a flashing Dalén light supplied by the AGA company. The light used an acetylene burning lamp combined with a solar sensor which automatically operates the light only during darkness. It was converted to an electrical light after 1945.
Lighthouse operations
The operation of the lighthouse was initially the responsibility of the Wellington Provincial Government.
The first lighthouse keepers were William Lyall (Principal keeper) and David Susan.
In 1912, the management of the station was transferred from the Marine Department to the Wellington Harbour Board, although the Marine Department continued to maintain the light and charge costs to the Board.
References
External links
1886 Lighthouse on Somes Island, Wellington photo at the Alexander Turnbull Library
Lighthouses in New Zealand
Wellington Harbour
Lighthouses completed in 1900
Transport buildings and structures in the Wellington Region
Holdfast Point () is both the northeast side of the entrance to Lallemand Fjord and the northwest side of the entrance to Chepra Cove on Pernik Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated about southwest of Cape Rey. It was mapped from air photos taken by the Falkland Islands and Dependencies Aerial Survey Expedition (1956–57), and was so named because when the pack ice breaks out to the north of Lallemand Fjord, it usually continues to hold fast for some time longer south of this point.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 66 64. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, Tolworth, UK, 1976.
See also
Mist Rocks, a group of insular rocks close northwest of Holdfast Point
References
External links
Headlands of Graham Land
Loubet Coast
Lechówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Lyamin () is a Russian masculine surname. Its feminine counterpart is Lyamina. Notable people with the surname include:
Kirill Lyamin (born 1986), Russian ice hockey player
See also
Lyamin (river), a tributary of the Ob in Russia
Russian-language surnames
Arthur T. Martin (1903-1946) was the eighth Dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law.
Education
Martin was born in the Ottoman Empire to a Canadian father. They became a US citizen in 1931.
Martin received a bachelor's degree from Oberlin College in 1923. They then received a law degree from the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law in 1929 and master's of law degree from the Columbia Law School in 1930.
Legal career
Martin entered academia as a member of the faculty at the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law, teaching as an assistant professor of law from 1930 to 1934, associate professor of law from 1934 to 1937, and became a full professor of law in 1937. In 1940, Martin became the eighth Dean of the Ohio State University Ohio State until their death in 1946 at the age of 43.
In addition to teaching, Martin was on the legal staff of the National Recovery Administration in 1934 and 1935, a U.S. Labor Department referee in 1936 and 1937, a War Production Board Commissioner in 1942 and an arbitrator and mediator for the National War Labor Board in 1942 and 1943. They also served as chairperson of the Administrative Law Commission of the State of Ohio in 1941 and 1942.
Scholarly work
Martin focused their scholarly work on property law publishing “Cases and Other Materials on the Law of Conveyances” in 1939 and “Cases and Materials on the Law of Real Property” in 1943.
References
External links
Oberlin College alumni
Ohio State University Moritz College of Law alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
Moritz College of Law faculty
Deans of law schools in the United States
1903 births
1946 deaths
American legal scholars
Canadian expatriates in the Ottoman Empire
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Al-Jafr () is a mystical book which, in Shia belief, includes esoteric teachings, dictated by the Islamic prophet Muhammad to Ali. Ali was cousin and son-in-law of Muhammad and is regarded by the Shia as their first Imam and the rightful successor to Muhammad. In Shia belief, al-Jafr was a source of special knowledge in Muhammad's household, available to the successors of Ali, namely, Shia Imams, which was handed down from each Imam to the next. The book is said to contain all information ever needed in matters of religion, including a detailed penal code that accounts even for bruises. The first mention of the book is often associated with the sixth Shia Imam, Ja'far al-Sadiq. The Twelver Shia believe that the book is now in the possession of the last Imam, Mahdi.
Alternatively, al-Jafr might refer to two leather bags, one of which contains various scrolls of the past prophets and the scrolls inherited from Muhammad, Ali, and Fatimah, daughter of Muhammad. The other bag is said to contain the armour and weapons of Muhammad.
Etymology
al-Jafr is written on parchments. The word jafr has multiple meanings in Arabic: numerical symbolism, science of numbers, numerical symbolism of letters, numerology, science of letters, alphabetical symbolism or divination. The prefix "al" means "the".
Contents
The content of al-Jafr has been reported differently and the book is said to contain
Secret teachings for the Shia Imams.
Knowledge of all past and future events pertaining to Muslims.
The knowledge of Muhammad.
The original Injil (Gospel of Jesus), Tawrat (Torah of Moses), Zabur (Psalms of David), Suhuf Ibrahim (Scrolls of Abraham), and the knowledge and history of the past prophets.
The Islamic rules, directives, and matters about wars.
The knowledge of the Israelite scholars.
Popular culture
Al-Jafr is mentioned in the storyline of One Thousand and One Nights and a description of al-Jafr is offered by Burton in their supplement to the book.
See also
Ghurar al-Hikam wa Durar al-Kalim
Letter of Ali ibn Abi Talib to Malik al-Ashtar
Mushaf
Khutbah
List of Shia books
Al-Jamia
The Book of Fatimah
Al-Risalah al-Huquq
The Fifteen Whispered Prayers
Al-Risalah al-Dhahabiah
Al-Sahifat al-Ridha
Ghurar al-Hikam wa Durar al-Kalim
Nahj al-Balagha
Al-Sahifa al-Sajjadiyya
References
Sources
External links
More information about al-Jafr on Shia websites:
Kitab al-Kafi, Chapter 40
Shia literature
Shia Islam
This is a list of organizations based in Antarctica.
Organizations based in Antarctica
Antarctic and Southern Ocean Coalition
Antarctic agencies
Antarctica New Zealand
Argentine Antarctic Program
Australian Antarctic Division
Brazilian Antarctic Program
British Antarctic Survey
Instituto Antártico Argentino
Instituto Antártico Chileno
IPEVFrench Polar Institute
National Antarctic Research Program
New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee
Norwegian Polar Institute
Tasmanian polar network
United States Antarctic Program
Museums in Antarctica
Discovery Hut
Port Lockroy base
Scott's Hut
South Georgia Museum
See also
Scouting in the Antarctic
References
Organizations based in Antarctica, List
Antarctica
Adrià Figueras Trejo (born 31 August 1988) is a Spanish handball player for C' Chartres MHB and the Spanish team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
Individual awards
Liga ASOBAL MVP: 2016 and 2018
Liga ASOBAL All-Team: 2016, 2017 and 2018
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barcelona
Spanish male handball players
Liga ASOBAL players
BM Granollers players
FC Barcelona Handbol players
Handball players from Catalonia
Expatriate handball players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in France
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Spain
Olympic medalists in handball
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Spain
Mediterranean Games medalists in handball
Tajanjar-e Olya (, also Romanized as Tajanjār-e ‘Olyā; also known as Tajanjār-e Bālā) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,165, in 314 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 28,262. The county seat (and the county's only incorporated city) is Salem.
Washington County is part of the Louisville metropolitan area.
History
In 1787, the fledgling United States defined the Northwest Territory, which included the area of present-day Indiana. In 1800, Congress separated Ohio from the Northwest Territory, designating the rest of the land as the Indiana Territory. President Thomas Jefferson chose William Henry Harrison as the territory's first governor, and Vincennes was established as the territorial capital. After the Michigan Territory was separated and the Illinois Territory was formed, Indiana was reduced to its current size and geography.
In 1790 Knox County was laid out. In 1801, Clark County was established, and in 1808 Harrison County was laid out, including the territory of the future Washington County.
Starting in 1794, Native American titles to Indiana lands were extinguished by usurpation, purchase, or war and treaty. The United States acquired land from the Native Americans in the Treaty of Grouseland (1805), by which a large portion of the southern Indiana Territory became property of the government. This included the future Washington County. As early as 1802, a man named Frederick Royce lived among the Ox Indians at a place known as the Lick, two miles east of Salem and is probably the first white man to inhabit this county. They were a hunter-trader and salt manufacturer. In 1803, Thomas Hopper settled in this county near Hardinsburg. Washington County was created by act of the Territorial legislature dated 21 December 1813, taking territory from Harrison and Clark counties. Interim commissioners were named and directed to determine the proper choice of the seat of government. Accordingly, they began deliberating in January 1814, and by 2 February had selected an uninhabited site near the center, naming it 'Salem'. In the territorial act creating the county, it was named for U.S. President George Washington, who had died fourteen years earlier.
On 1 September 1814 the original boundary of Washington County was increased, by act of the Territorial legislature, but on 26 December 1815 much of this added territory was partitioned off to create Orange and Jackson counties. In December 1816 the Indiana Territory was admitted to the Union as a state. On 12 January 1820 the state partitioned a further portion of Washington County to create Scott County. In 1842, and again in 1873, the border between Scott and Washington counties was adjusted.
In 1808 the first Black settlers arrived in the area along with white Quakers. In 1815 they established the Blue River Meeting House northeast of Salem. By 1850, 252 Black people had settled in the county, mainly living in Posey and Washington townships. The passing into law in 1851 of a new state constitution, in which, Article 13 excluded further settlement of Black and mixed-race persons was indicative of increasing hostility towards this population and saw a decline in Black residents of the county to 187 by 1860. In Posey Township, the population of 90 Black people in 1850 had decreased to zero by 1860.
Whitecapping, the process by which rural citizens used threats or extralegal violence to force Black people out of the region, continued in Washington County during the Civil War. In December of 1864 John Williams, a prosperous Black farmer in the county, was shot dead in the doorway of their home. In 1867 Alexander White, an elderly man, was stabbed to death in Salem after repeatedly ignoring the threats of white attendees to quit coming to their church. These lynchings convinced people the county was not safe and contributed to a continual exodus of Black people from the county. In 1870, 18 Black people remained in the county, and by 1880 only three remained.
Salem, the county seat, had become a sundown town by 1898 at the latest. By the 20th century the entire county was officially sundown. A county history from 1916 declared that, “Washington County has for several decades boasted that no colored man or woman lived within their borders.” Sundown signs existed in the county, with one located near Canton, east of Salem. Law enforcement would not allow Black people to stop in Salem, and would escort them to the county line. Washington County remained sundown until 1990 at the latest, when 15 Black people were recorded living in Salem on that year's census.
Geography
The low rolling hills of Washington County were tree-covered before settlement, but have been largely cleared and devoted to agriculture, although drainage areas are still wooded. The north portion of the county is drained by the Muscatatuck River, which forms the eastern portion of the county's north border. The East Fork of the White River joins the Muscatatuck near the center of the county's north line. The south part of the county is drained by the Blue River, which rises in the county and flows southwestward into Harrison County on its way to the Ohio River. The highest point on the terrain (1,050 feet/320 meters ASL) is an isolated rise two miles (3.2 km) NNW from New Philadelphia in the eastern part.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.44%) is land and (or 0.56%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Jackson County − north
Scott County − northeast
Clark County − east
Floyd County − southeast
Harrison County − south
Crawford County − southwest
Orange County − west
Lawrence County − northwest
Communities
City
Salem
Towns
Campbellsburg
Hardinsburg
Little York
Livonia
New Pekin
Saltillo
Unincorporated communities
Bartle
Beck's Mill
Blue River
Brimstone Corners
Bunker Hill
Canton
Claysville
Daisy Hill
Fairview
Farabee
Fayetteville
Fredericksburg
Georgetown
Gooseport
Haleysbury
Harristown
Highland
Hitchcock
Kossuth
Martinsburg
McKinley
Millport
Mount Carmel
New Liberty
New Philadelphia
New Salem
Old Pekin
Organ Springs
Plattsburg
Prowsville
Pumpkin Center
Rosebud
Rush Creek Valley
Shorts Corner
Smedley
South Boston
Townships
Brown
Franklin
Gibson
Howard
Jackson
Jefferson
Madison
Monroe
Pierce
Polk
Posey
Vernon
Washington
Major highways
U.S. Route 150
Indiana State Road 39
Indiana State Road 56
Indiana State Road 60
Indiana State Road 66
Indiana State Road 135
Indiana State Road 160
Indiana State Road 256
Indiana State Road 335
Indiana State Road 337
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Salem have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1951 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Five people were reported killed in Washington County during the tornado outbreak of March 2–3, 2012. Four were found dead in a home on Old Pekin Road according to Washington County officials. The fifth, a 15-month-old from the same family, had been found in a field, and died later in hospital.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They set salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide, to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute the acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the county government.
Court: There are two judges in Washington County. The Judge of the Circuit Court is the Hon. Robert L. Bennett (D). The Judge of the Superior Court is the Hon. Frank E. Newkirk, Jr. (R). Case distribution is determined by local court rules. Each judge serves a six-year term.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Washington County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Trey Hollingsworth.
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 28,262 people, 10,850 households, and 7,799 families in the county. The population density was . There were 12,220 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.1% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 25.2% were German, 14.3% were American, 13.7% were Irish, and 9.6% were English.
Of the 10,850 households, 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.8% were married couples living together, 11.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.1% were non-families, and 23.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.58 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $45,500. Males had a median income of $38,100 versus $28,092 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,278. About 12.2% of families and 16.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.7% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The county is served by 3 school districts:
Salem Community Schools
East Washington School Corporation
South Central Area Special Ed
West Washington School Corporation.
East Washington School Corporation (Superintendent:Steve Darnell) includes:
East Washington Elementary School
East Washington Middle School
Eastern High School
Salem Community Schools (Superintendent:Dr. D. Lynn Reed) includes:)
Salem High School
Salem High School
Salem Middle School
Bradie Shrum Elementary School
West Washington School Corporation (Superintendent:Gerald Jackson) includes:)
West Washington Elementary School
West Washington Junior/Senior High School
See also
Louisville-Jefferson County, KY-IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington County, Indiana
References
Specific
General
American Legion Pekin Post 203, The. History of Pekin, Indiana (1959). The American Legion Pekin Post 203
Everton Publishers, Inc, The. Handy book for Genealogists (1971). Everton Publishers, Inc.
History of Washington County 1884 (1884).
Indiana Historical Commission. Indiana History Bulletin (August 1924). Wm. B. Burford
B. F. Bowen & Co., Indianapolis, Indiana. Centennial History of Washington County, Indiana: Its People, Industries and Institution (1916). Warder W. Stevens
External links
Washington County Government website
Indiana counties
1814 establishments in Indiana Territory
Populated places established in 1814
Louisville metropolitan area
Sundown towns in Indiana
Michael Robert Craig Cranmer (born 16 March 1989) is a South Australian cricketer. They were educated at St Peter's College, Adelaide where they excelled at cricket and was a regular member of the school's First XI.  They are a right-handed batsman and bowls right arm medium-fast.  They are currently playing A grade cricket for East Torrens. In 2008 they were called up for the under 19 Australian national squad to compete in the Under 19's World Cup where they were a valuable asset to the team. They have since been called up to the South Australian Redbacks squad for their first Sheffield Shield game on 13 February 2009 against the Queensland Bulls.
See also
List of South Australian representative cricketers
References
External links
Australian cricketers
Living people
1989 births
People educated at St Peter's College, Adelaide
South Australia cricketers
Cricketers from Adelaide
Once is the fifth studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released on 7 June 2004 by Spinefarm Records in Finland and Nuclear Blast in the rest of Europe. It is the fifth and last album to feature Tarja Turunen on lead vocals. The album cost nearly €250,000 to make, (1,000,000 including the videos) which made it Finland's most expensive recording ever until the release of Nightwish's next album, Dark Passion Play, which cost over €500,000 to produce. As of 2013, Once had sold 2.3 million copies worldwide, becoming Nightwish's most successful album to date. The remastering of the album was released on 6 August 2021.
Background
In a 2008 Kerrang! interview, Tuomas Holopainen remembered: "Doing this kind of really orchestral, symphonic stuff for four albums, you have to be prepared to take the next step and go 10 steps beyond, and that's how we ended up with the London Session Orchestra. At that time we also had the financial resources to do it. This was like our second breakthrough in a way; Oceanborn (1998) broke us, took us to the big league. Musically it was pretty laid-back from our side because everyone involved in the orchestra really knew their stuff, so we basically spent two days lying on the couch hearing all these people playing our songs, enjoying every moment. It was one of the most amazing experiences in my life. The first song they started to play was "Ghost Love Score", we had no idea what to expect, and I just thought: This can't be happening!"
Musical style
The album continues the more streamlined musical approach first heard on Century Child, moving further away from the power metal-influenced sound of their previous albums into symphonic metal with a slightly more mainstream, approachable feel. Once utilizes a full orchestra in nine of the eleven songs on the album; unlike Century Child, Nightwish chose an orchestra outside of Finland, the London Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been featured on every album released since.
Once is their second album to feature a full-length song in Finnish, "Kuolema Tekee Taiteilijan". The band added new elements to their music for this album, such as the chorus riff and synthesized drum-beat of "Wish I Had an Angel", and a long prayer chant on "Creek Mary's Blood". The song "Ghost Love Score" was described by Hietala as follows: "I'm a big fan of old prog rock and this is a song that has a lot of different parts going on, and different atmospheres in different places in order to support the story. [...] My biggest influence from the prog world would be Jethro Tull, but I also love listening to Yes and Genesis and all those bands, and there's a correlation between the structures and the length of a lot of their songs and this one."
Artwork
The angel on the album cover is a view of the Angel of Grief, a sculpture by William Wetmore Story. The original is in the Protestant Cemetery of Rome, Italy.
Tour
The success of the album allowed them to perform the Once Upon a Tour, which enabled them to play in many countries the band had never visited before. Nightwish performed at the opening ceremony of the 2005 World Championships in Athletics, held in Helsinki.
Reception and legacy
During the first week of its release, Once entered the Finnish, German and Norwegian charts at number one, later topping the European Top 100 Albums chart. It was also the first Nightwish album to chart in the United States, reaching No. 42 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart, and the band's first album to chart in UK, reaching 10 on the Rock Chart. In 2005, Once was ranked number 383 in Rock Hard magazine's book The 500 Greatest Rock & Metal Albums of All Time. In 2017, it was ranked 89th at Rolling Stone's "100 Greatest Metal Albums of All Time".
Once has been certified double platinum in Finland, platinum in Germany, gold in Sweden The single "Nemo" topped the charts in Finland and Hungary, and reached the top ten in four additional countries. It remained on the UK Rock Chart for more than a year. "Nemo" therefore remains their most successful single ever, and Once reached number 47 in the list of best-selling albums of all time in Finland. As of June 2013, the album had sold 2.3 million copies worldwide, Nightwish's best-selling album to date.
Track listing
Personnel
All information from the album booklet.
Nightwish
Tarja Turunen – vocals
Tuomas Holopainen – keyboards
Emppu Vuorinen – guitars
Marko Hietala – bass, male vocals on tracks 2, 4, 6, 8, and 11
Jukka Nevalainen – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Marc Brueland – narration on "Higher Than Hope"
Jouni Hynynen – growling on "Dead Gardens"
Sami Yli-Sirniö – sitar on "The Siren"
John Two-Hawks – vocals and Native American flute on "Creek Mary's Blood"
Olli Halonen – slide guitars
Martin Loveday – cello on "The Siren"
Sonia Slaney – violin on "The Siren"
London Philharmonic Orchestra – orchestral parts
Jenny O'Grady – choirmaster
Metro Voices – choir
James Shearman – orchestra and choir conductor
Gavyn Wright – orchestra leader
Production
Tuomas Holopainen – producer, mixing
Emppu Vuorinen – additional engineering
Tero "TeeCee" Kinnunen – producer, engineer, mixing
Mikko Karmila – engineer, mixing
Mika Jussila – mastering
Pip Williams – choir and orchestral arrangements
James Collins – orchestral recordings engineer
Aaron Price – assistant engineer
Simon Goldfinch – assistant engineer
Markus Mayer – cover art
Toni Härkönen – photography
Petteri Tyynelä – layout
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
Bibliography
2004 albums
Finnish-language albums
Nightwish albums
Nuclear Blast albums
Roadrunner Records albums
Spinefarm Records albums
Albrecht Schubert (23 June 1886 – 26 November 1966) was a German general during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Life and career
Born 23 June 1886 in Glatz (modern Kłodzko, Poland, then in German Silesia), in a family of long Silesian ancestry. In 1904 they joined the Prussian Army and initially served with the Magdeburg-based 2nd 'Prinz Louis von Preussen' Infantry Regiment. By the time of the outbreak of World War I they rose to the rank of lieutenant.
Promoted to the rank of captain in 1914, during the war they served with the 1st Grenadier Regiment, 21st Reserve Brigade, 4th Landwehr Division, 11th Infantry Division and as a staff officer in the 202nd Infantry Division. After the war they remained within the Reichswehr and served in Stettin in the 2nd Division, and then in the 8th 'Prussian' Infantry Regiment. Promoted to major in 1926, to lieutenant colonel in 1931 and to full colonel in 1933. Three years later they became the commanding officer of the 12th Infantry Regiment. Following Adolf Hitler's rise to power, Schubert's career was fast-tracked. In April 1936 they were promoted to the rank of major general and already in March 1938 they became a lieutenant general. The following month they became the commanding officer of the 44th Infantry Division, with which they took part in the initial stages of World War II.
During the joint Nazi and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939 their unit took part in the fights as part of the 14th Army. After the end of hostilities in October 1939 they were temporarily withdrawn to the personal reserve of the OKH, but was soon reinstated to active service as a provisional commanding officer of the XXIII Army Corps, with which they took part in the battle of France of 1940.
Shortly before the start of Operation Barbarossa, Schubert was promoted to the rank of General of the Infantry and their corps was relocated to East Prussia. In September 1941 they were awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (Ritterkreuz). In May 1942 they temporarily commanded the entire 9th Army, but was again withdrawn from active service in the summer of that year. It was not until the following year that they were given the command over the Hannover-based XI Army Corps. Until the end of World War II they served on various staff positions in Vienna, away from the front. Schubert survived the war and died 26 November 1966 in Bielefeld, Germany.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 17 September 1941 as General der Infanterie and commander of XXIII. Armeekorps
Notes
References
1886 births
1966 deaths
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
German military personnel of World War I
People from Kłodzko
People from the Province of Silesia
Prussian Army personnel
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Reichswehr personnel
Raymond of Fitero (also known as Ramon Sierra, ) (*? - †Ciruelos, 1163) was a monk, abbot, and founder of the Order of Calatrava.
Their birthplace is unknown; Saint-Gaudens (France), Tarazona (Aragon), and Barcelona (Catalonia) have all claimed to be Raymond's birthplace.
As a young man, Raymond felt a religious vocation, and became a canon of the new cathedral at Tarazona, established after King Alfonso I of Aragon reconquered the historic city from the Moors in 1119.
Across the Pyrenees mountains, at Escaladieu Abbey in Gascony, Raymond became a monk of the Cistercian Order, which had been founded relatively recently (in 1098) and which accepted many former knights as members. When King Alfonso VII of Castile supported the order's extension into Spain, Raymond joined abbot Durando (a.k.a. Durandus, Durand) and other monks and established a new monastery near the Ebro River at Nienzabas (Niencebas), between Calahorra (reconquered from the Moors in 1045) and Tudela (which Alfonso I had recaptured from the Moors in 1114 and was still subject to raid). At Durando's death, fellow monks elected Raymond (who had been prior) their successor. The monks then moved across the Ebro to strategic Castejón, Navarre, and finally built their new monastery at a spot named Fitero (Castellón de Fitero), situated slightly up the Alhama river from Castejón along the frontier between Castile's La Rioja region and the Kingdom of Navarre. They called their new monastery the Monasterio de Santa María la Real de Fitero.
When King Alfonso VII died in 1158, Raymond went to Toledo so that the new king, Sancho III of Castile, could confirm the privileges that their father had granted the new monastery. In Toledo Raymond's companion, former knight Father Diego Velásquez, learned that Christian leaders planned a major offensive south against the Moors. Furthermore, Sancho promised to grant the strategic town of Calatrava (Calatrava la Vieja) on the Guadiana River to anyone who promised to defend it from the Moors, who might themselves be planning a sally north to test the new Christian king. Their father had reconquered Calatrava in 1147, and it was on the road from Toledo (reconquered in 1085) to Córdoba and Moorish strongholds.
Encouraged by Father Diego, Raymond took up the challenge, and Sancho granted them the privilege of defending Calatrava. With the support of the Archbishop of Toledo, Raymond organized an army that successfully prevented a Moorish attack on Calatrava that year.
This success prompted Raymond to found the military Order of Calatrava, organized along Cistercian lines. Raymond then moved some fighting monks south from the relatively safe Fitero in Navarre to Calatrava in what became the Castilla-La Mancha province. They themselves retired to Ciruelos, near Ocaña, where they died in 1163. On September 26, 1164 Pope Alexander III recognized the new military order, which played a crucial role in the Reconquest.
References
Further reading
Serafín Olcoz Yanguas (2012), "Una posible noticia acerca de Raymond de Saint Gaudens antes de ser el primer abad del primer monasterio cisterciense de la península ibérica", Príncipe de Viana 73(255), pp. 133–138.
Spanish Roman Catholic saints
1163 deaths
People of the Reconquista
Year of birth unknown
Functional finance is an economic theory proposed by Abba P. Lerner, based on effective demand principles and chartalism. It states that government should finance itself to meet explicit goals, such as taming the business cycle, achieving full employment, ensuring growth, and low inflation.
Principles
The principal ideas behind functional finance can be summarized as:
Governments have to intervene in the national and global economy; these economies are not self-regulating.
The principal economic objective of the state should be to ensure a prosperous economy.
Money is a creature of the state; it has to be managed.
Fiscal policy should be directed in light of its impact on the economy, and the budget should be managed accordingly, that is, 'balancing revenue and spending' is not important; prosperity is important.
The amount and pace of government spending should be set in light of the desired level of activity, and taxes should be levied for their economic impact, rather than to raise revenue.
Principles of 'sound finance' apply to individuals. They make sense for individuals, households, businesses, and non-sovereign governments (such as cities and individual US states) but do not apply to the governments of sovereign states, capable of issuing money.
Rules for fiscal policy
Lerner postulated that government's fiscal policy should be governed by three rules:
The government shall maintain a reasonable level of demand at all times. If there is too little spending and, thus, excessive unemployment, the government shall reduce taxes or increase its own spending. If there is too much spending, the government shall prevent inflation by reducing its own expenditures or by increasing taxes.
By borrowing money when it wishes to raise the rate of interest and by lending money or repaying debt when it wishes to lower the rate of interest, the government shall maintain that rate of interest that induces the optimum amount of investment.
If either of the first two rules conflicts with principles of 'sound finance' or of balancing the budget, or of limiting the national debt, so much the worse for these principles. The government press shall print any money that may be needed to carry out rules 1 and 2.
See also
Government success
Government failure
Market failure
Modern Monetary Theory
Notes
References
External links
Functional Finance: What, Why, and How? - a case for functional finance in most of the developed world (1999)
Lerner, Abba: Functional Finance and the Federal Debt (1943)
Public economics
Unemployment
Keynesian economics
Víctor Llorente Rodriguez (born 7 October 1962) is a Spanish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1983 World Rowing Championships in Duisburg with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1962 births
Living people
Spanish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Spain
20th-century Spanish people
Chaplain (Rear Admiral) Robert Francis Burt, USN, (March 1, 1948 – January 27, 2014) was an American Navy officer who served as the 24th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy from 2006 to 2010.
Early career and education
Burt joined the United States Navy in 1970, where they served aboard the USS Kitty Hawk after completing boot camp at the Naval Training Center Orlando, Florida. They finished their enlisted service in 1977. Afterwards, they obtained a bachelor's degree at Eugene Bible College and became a minister of the Open Bible Standard Churches.
Decorations
Admiral Burt received the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal (three awards), Navy Commendation Medal (two awards) and various service and campaign awards. They died in 2014 from multiple myeloma and is buried at Tahoma National Cemetery.
References
External links
2014 deaths
Deaths from multiple myeloma
People from Springfield, Oregon
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Chiefs of Chaplains of the United States Navy
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
1948 births
Chaplains of the United States Marine Corps
People from Silverdale, Washington
Burials at Tahoma National Cemetery
Military personnel from Oregon
Andrew Alfons Engman (November 21, 1911 – July 16, 2004) was a Swedish/Finnish cartoon animator. Engman worked for Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California, from the animating of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film) to the completion of The Jungle Book (1967 film), about 1937 to 1971. They started out as an "In-Betweener" animator. They did some Donald Duck and Goofy cartoons as a character animator, and went on to being a special effects animator. Later they went into production in a middle management position. They also worked on the effect animations of Make Mine Music (1946) and the layout of Der Fuehrer's Face (1943).
Early life
Andrew Alfons Engman was born on November 21, 1911, in Vaasa, Finland. Andy claims they could see Russian soldiers going through their yard when they were a child during World War One in the 1910s.
Works
Visual Effects:
The Brave Engineer (1950) (effects animator)
Make Mine Music (1946) (effects animator)
How to Be a Sailor (1944) (animator)
The Olympic Champ (1942) (animator) (uncredited)
How to Play Baseball (1942) (animator)
Donald's Gold Mine (1942) (animator)
Donald's Snow Fight (1942) (effects animator) (uncredited)
The Art of Self Defense (1941) (animator)
The Art of Skiing (1941) (animator)
The Reluctant Dragon (1941) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Baggage Buster (1941) (effects animator) (uncredited)
A Gentleman's Gentleman (1941) (animator)
The Little Whirlwind (1941) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Pluto's Playmate (1941) (animator)
Pantry Pirate (1940) (animator)
Goofy's Glider (1940) (animator)
Fantasia (1940) (effects animator) (segment "The Sorcerer's Apprentice") (uncredited)
Put-Put Troubles (1940) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Pinocchio (1940) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Brave Little Tailor (1938) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) (effects animator) (uncredited)
Animation Department:
Bootle Beetle (1947) (animator)
Clown of the Jungle (1947) (animator)
Double Dribble (1946) (animator)
Frank Duck Brings 'em Back Alive (1946) (animator)
Canine Patrol (1945) (animator)
Duck Pimples (1945) (animator)
Californy'er Bust (1945) (animator)
African Diary (1945) (animator)
First Aiders (1944) (animator)
Victory Vehicles (1943) (animator)
Saludos Amigos (1942) (animator) (as Andrew Engman)
Donald's Garden (1942) (effects animator)
The New Spirit (1942) (animator) (uncredited)
Der Fuehrer's Face (1943) (animator) (uncredited)
External links
American animators
Swedish animators
Finnish animators
1911 births
2004 deaths
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
American people of Finnish descent
The 2013 Martyr's Memorial B-Division League season, also known as the RedBull Martyr's Memorial B-Division League for sponsorship reasons, was the 2013 season of the Martyr's Memorial B-Division League. A total of 13 teams competed in the league. The season began on 4 March 2014 and concluded on 24 April 2014.
Teams
Of the 13 participating teams, eight remain following the 2013 Martyr's Memorial B-Division League. They are joined by two teams promoted from the Martyr's Memorial C-Division League and three relegated from the 2012–13 Martyr's Memorial A-Division League.
Naya Basti Youth Club was promoted from the 2012 Martyr's Memorial C-Division League. Whereas, Madhyapur Youth Association, Bansbari Football Club and Boudha Football Club were relegated from the 2012-13 Martyr's Memorial A-Division League.
Boys Union Club were promoted to the 2013–14 Martyr's Memorial A-Division League from the previous season. Swoyambhu Club and United Club had to withdraw from the competition due to financial reasons and were relegated to the Martyr's Memorial C-Division League.
Venues
The league was played centrally in one venue in Kathmandu.
League table
Awards
References
Martyr's Memorial B-Division League seasons
2
Nepal
Joachim Neander (165031 May 1680) was a German Reformed (Calvinist) Church teacher, theologian and hymnwriter whose most famous hymn, Praise to the Lord, the Almighty, the King of Creation () has been described by John Julian in their A Dictionary of Hymnology as "a magnificent hymn of praise to God, perhaps the finest creation of its author, and of the first rank in its class." Due to its popularity it has been translated several times into English—Catherine Winkworth being one of the translators in the 19th century—and the hymn has appeared in most major hymnals.
Neander wrote about 60 hymns and provided tunes for many of them.  They are considered by many to be the first important German hymnist after the Reformation and is regarded as the outstanding hymnwriter of the German Reformed Church.
Life
Joachim Neander was born in Bremen, the son of a Latin teacher. Their grandfather, a musician, had changed the family name from the original German Neumann ('New man' in English) to the Graeco-Roman form Neander, following the fashion of the time. After the death of their father, they could not afford to study at a famous university. They therefore studied theology in their hometown from 1666 to 1670. At first, their heart was not in it. It was only when they heard a sermon of Theodor Undereyk (shortly before the end of their course) that their beliefs became serious.
In 1671 they became a private tutor in Heidelberg, and in 1674 they became a teacher in a Latin school in Düsseldorf, one step before becoming a minister. While living there, they liked to go to the nearby valley of the Düssel river, nature being the inspiration for their poems. They also held gatherings and services in the valley, at which they gave sermons. The Neandertal (originally Neanderthal, from German Thal for "valley," now spelled Tal, though both t and th represent a t-sound) was renamed in their honor in the early 19th century.
In 1679, Neander became a pastor of St Martin's church in Bremen, as their popularity with the common people had caused problems with the church administration in Düsseldorf. One year later, at the age of 30, they died of tuberculosis.
Notable works
Being the first important hymn-writer of the German Reformed Church, Neander wrote their creations mostly at Düsseldorf.
The minister and elders of the Reformed Church had complete control of the school at Düsseldorf. About July 1673 to about May 1677 the minister was Sylvester Lürsen (a native of Bremen, and a few years older than Neander), a man of ability and earnestness, but jealous, and, in later times at least, quarrelsome.
Neander worked harmoniously alongside them at first, frequently preaching in the church and assisting in the visitation of the sick. But they soon introduced practices which inevitably brought on a conflict. They began to hold prayer meetings of their own, without informing or consulting the minister or elders; they began to absent themselves from Holy Communion, on the grounds that they could not conscientiously commune along with the unconverted, and also persuaded others to follow this example; and became less regular in their attendance at the ordinary services of the Church.
Besides these causes of offence, they drew out a new timetable for the school, made alterations on the school buildings, held examinations and appointed holidays without consulting anyone.
The result of all this was a Visitation of the school on Nov. 29, 1676, and then their suspension from school and pulpit on Feb. 3, 1677. On Feb. 17 they signed a full and definite declaration by which "without mental reservations" they bound themselves not to repeat any of the acts complained of; and thereupon was permitted to resume their duties as rector but not as assistant minister.
The suspension thus lasted only 14 days, and their salary was never actually stopped. The statements that they were banished from Düsseldorf, and that they lived for months in a cave in the Neanderthal near Mettmann are therefore without foundation. Still theirs having had to sign such a document was a humiliation which they must have felt keenly, and when, after Lürsen's departure, the second master of the Latin school was appointed permanent assistant pastor, this feeling would be renewed.
Creation of hymns
A number were circulated among their friends at Düsseldorf in MS., but they were first collected and published after their removal to Bremen, and appeared as:
A und Ώ, Joachimi Neandri Glaub-und Liebesübung: — auffgemuntert durch ein fällige Bundes Lieder und Danck-Psalmen, Bremen, Hermann Brauer, 1680.
Second edition, Bremen, 1683.
Third edition, Bremen, 1687. The so-called third edition at Wesel, 1686, also found in Berlin, was evidently pirated. Other editions rapidly followed until we find the complete set (i.e., 57 or 58) formally incorporated as part of a hymnbook, e.g. in the Marburg Reformed Gesang-Buch, 1722, where the first part consists of Lobwasser's Psalter, the second of Neander's Bundeslieder, and the third of other hymns. Neander's Bundeslieder also form a division of the Lemgo Reformed Gesang-Buch, 1722.
Fourth edition, Frankfurt, 1689. These editions contain 57 hymns.
Fifth edition, Frankfurt and Leipzig, 1691, edited by G. C. Strattner, eight hymns were added as being also by Neander.
The whole of these editions are in the Royal Library, Berlin. One of their favourites book used in the meetings conducted by G. Tersteegen, which in the fifth edition, Solingen, 1760, has the title Gott-geheiligtes Harfen-Spiel der Kinder Zion; bestehend in Joachimi Neandri sämtlichen Bundes-Liedern. In this way, especially in the district near Düsseldorf and on the Ruhr, Neander's name was honoured and beloved long after it had passed out of memory at Bremen.
Further reading
Helmut Ackermann: Joachim Neander. Sein Leben, seine Lieder, sein Tal. 3. erw. Aufl. Düsseldorf 2005, .
Gerhard Dünnhaupt: "Joachim Neander (1650–1680)". In: Personalbibliographien zu den Drucken des Barock, Bd. 4. Hiersemann, Stuttgart 1991, , pp. 2933–2936 (bibliography of their works and literature)
Lore Esselbrügge: Joachim Neander, ein Kirchenliederdichter des 17. Jhs. Diss. Marburg 1921.
Andreas L. Hofbauer: Meine Taube / in den Felßlöchern / in dem Verborgene der Steinritzen / laß mich hören deine Stimme. Ad Joachim Neander. In: Dirk Matejovski, Dietmar Kamper, Gerd-C. Weniger (eds.), Mythos Neanderthal, Frankfurt/New York 2001, .
W. Nelle: Joachim Neander, der Dichter der "Bundeslieder" und "Dankpsalmen". Hamburg 1904.
Joachim Neander: Bundeslieder und Dankpsalmen von 1680 mit ausgesetztem Generalbaß von Oskar Gottlieb Blarr. (Schriftenreihe des Vereins für Rheinische rJoachim Neander: Bundes-Lieder und Dank-Psalmen. Facsimile reprint of the first edition, Bremen 1680, with studies by Thomas Elsmann and Oskar Gottlieb Blarr. Bremen: Schünemann 2009, 192, 34 pp.
References
External links
Hymnary entry for Joachim Neander
1650 births
1680 deaths
German Baroque composers
Calvinist and Reformed hymnwriters
German classical composers
German male classical composers
German Protestant hymnwriters
German male writers
17th-century classical composers
German-language poets
People from Düsseldorf
17th-century male musicians
H Abdur Raqeeb is a member of Central Advisory Council (Markazi Majlis-e-Shu'ra) of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind.  They are the General Secretary of Indian Centre for Islamic Finance, and has been promoting the concept of interest-free banking throughout India. Raqeeb is also the Editor of Tamil fortnightly Samarasam.
Biography
H Abdur Raqeeb was born in Vaniyambadi, currently stays in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. They have done B.Sc in Chemistry, holds a Diploma in Leather Technology and completed M.A. in Journalism and Mass Communication.
They were into the leather industry for more than 25 years.
They were also editor to a weekly magazine in Tamil known as Samarasam. They were awarded 'The best Journalist Award' by Islamiya Tamil Islamic literary organisation. They were awarded 'The best Journalist Award' by Islamiya Tamil Ilakkiya Kazhagam (Tamil Islamic literary organisation) during the First State Conference of the organisation held at Trichirappalli on May 17–18.
 They are associated with Jamaat-e-Islami Hind since 1981.  They are the former Zonal President of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, Tamil Nadu Zone.
Current associations
General Secretary, Indian Centre for Islamic Finance
Convenor, National Committee on Islamic Banking
Member, All India Muslim Personal Law board
National Executive Member, Jamaat e Islami Hind
President, Islami Baithul Maal, Vaniyambadi
Member, Human Welfare Foundation, New Del
Trustee, Sahulat Microfinance, New Delhi.
General Secretary, Islamic Foundation Trust, Chennai
Editor, Samarasam (Tamil – Fortnightly)
Member, Board of Islamic Publications, New Delhi
Executive Member, JAMIA Darussalam University, Oomerabad
Executive Member, Vaniyambadi Muslim Educational Society
Islamic finance and banking-related activities
Interacted with Finance Minister, Governor of RBI, Deputy Governor RBI and Deputy Chairman Planning Commission to introduce the concept of Islamic banking in India
Prepared along with experts a document for Banking Regulations (amendment) Bill to be introduced in Parliament as a private members bill.
Prepared a document along with experts for Interest free windows along with conventional Banks and submitted to RBI and Finance Ministry.
Interacted with High Level committee on Financial Sector reforms headed of Planning Commission of India by Dr Reghuram Rajan which mentioned about interest free banking.
Highlighted in media –need and relevance of Islamic Finance and Banking
They visited many countries to study the working methodology of Islamic banks and led a delegation of business people from Chennai to Malaysia.
Attended several conferences in and outside India
World Islamic Banking Conference at Bahrain
IDB – Islamic finance conference on Sukuk in London, UK.
Red Money Roadshow in Malaysia
Chairman of the committee which organized an international conference on Islamic banking conducted by Al Jamia Al islamiya in association with Islamic Research and Training Institute of Islamic Development Bank
They have attended many conferences and represented Jamaat-e-Islami Hind
International Muslim Business Conference, Istanbul, Turkey.
Led a delegation to Islamic Banks of Malaysia.
See also
Jamaat-e-Islami Hind
Students Islamic Organisation of India
Maulana Maududi
Jalaluddin Umri
References
Living people
Indian Muslims
Year of birth missing (living people)
Augusto Aguilera Fócil is an Ecuadorian-born American actor, best known for their roles in The Predator and Too Old To Die Young.
Life and career
Aguilera grew up in Los Angeles, California and began their serious acting career at the Actors Circle Theatre when they were twenty. They eventually made the transition to acting on film which they found "strange" to begin with. "I've heard that theatre is an actor's medium, film a director's, TV a writer's. Initially, I believed collaboration only came in film and theatre. Now I know it's on the director...With theatre there are no safety nets. It's an emotional marathon." They joined the cast of Chasing Life and made an appearance in Snowfall. In 2018, Aguilera co-starred in The Predator, opposite big-name stars such as Sterling K. Brown, Boyd Holbrook, Trevante Rhodes, Keegan-Michael Key and Olivia Munn. Their character, Nettles, was described as the pop"heart" of the team. Aguilera stated that they would watch and roleplay the original Predator film.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Living people
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
Ecuadorian actors
American television actors
1986 births
Power of Three is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani, recorded live at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 1986. It features Petrucciani playing several duets with guitarist Jim Hall, as well as three performances with Wayne Shorter joining the pair.
Track listing
LP release
Side A
"Limbo" (Wayne Shorter) - 7:57
"Careful" (Jim Hall) - 6:49
"Morning Blues" (Michel Petrucciani) - 8:15
Side B
"In a Sentimental Mood" (Duke Ellington) - 12:18
"Bimini" (Jim Hall) - 10:05
CD release
"Limbo" (Wayne Shorter) - 7:57
"Careful" (Jim Hall) - 6:49
"Morning Blues" (Michel Petrucciani) - 8:15
"Waltz New" (Jim Hall) - 5:30
"Beautiful Love" (King, Young, Alstyne, Gillespie) - 7:19
"In A Sentimental Mood" (Duke Ellington) - 12:18
"Bimini" (Jim Hall) - 10:05
Personnel
Michel Petrucciani - piano
Jim Hall - guitar
Wayne Shorter - tenor saxophone (tracks 1 & 7), soprano saxophone (track 3)
References
1987 albums
Michel Petrucciani live albums
Blue Note Records albums
John William Delveaux (March 15, 1937 – May 13, 2020) was a Canadian football fullback and linebacker who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1959 to 1964, a team which won the Grey Cup in 1959, 1961 and 1962.
Delveaux played college football at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and was their team captain. They joined the Blue Bombers in 1959 and played both offense and defense. In the 1961 CFL season, they replaced an injured Charlie Shepard as the punter and did a commendable job in the team's Grey Cup victory. In 1962, they became their regular punter up to their final year, averaging 42.1 yards per punt over 5 years. As a linebacker, they intercepted 9 balls in their career, 4 of which in 1962, and recovered 4 fumbles. Delveaux died on May 13, 2020.
References
1937 births
Players of Canadian football from Chicago
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
2020 deaths
University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign alumni
was a Japanese Lieutenant General during World War II.
Career
Kumaichi Teramoto joined the Imperial Japanese Army in 1910, being commissioned into the infantry. In 1921, they graduated the Japanese War College and became a colonel in the IJA. Even though they had signed up for the ground forces, in 1933 they were given command of the 8th Air Regiment, and by 1940, they were a Major General commanding the 2nd Air Division in Manchukuo. When war broke out with the United States in December 1941, they held various air staff assignments. From May 1943 to July 1943 they commanded the 1st Air Army. In July 1943, they were assigned command of the 4th Air Army, which was virtually eliminated during the US Air Force's bombing of Wewak Island, where they were stationed. However, they were invited into the Army Aeronautical Department in the Ministry of War, and in 1944 they became the head of its Credit Bureau. The next year they became Acting Inspector-General of Army Aviation and in late 1945 they became the head of the entire organization. On August 15, when Japan surrendered to the United States after the nuclear bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Kumaichi Teramoto committed seppuku, the ritual suicide of Japan.
References
The Pacific War Online Encyclopedia
1889 births
1945 deaths
Japanese military personnel of World War II
Japanese military personnel who committed suicide
Iain Valjean Jensen (born 23 May 1988 in Belmont, New South Wales) is an Australian sailor.
They started sailing in their hometown of Wangi Wangi when they were five years old, with their Olympic and Artemis Racing teammate Nathan Outteridge.
With Outteridge, they won the 2009 and 2011 49er World Championships and gold at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the 49ers class. The team also won silver at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
 They are a member of the NSW Institute of Sport in Sydney and a wing trimmer for Artemis Racing. They live in Lake Macquarie.
Career highlights
2011 Sailing World Cup Medemblik, Netherlands – 2nd in 49er
2011 Sailing World Cup Weymouth Great Britain – 1st in 49er
2011 European Championships Helsinki Finland – 1st in 49er
2011 Olympic Test Event Weymouth Great Britain – 1st in 49er
2011 World Championships Perth Australia – 1st in 49er
2012 Sail for Gold Regatta Weymouth Great Britain – 1st in 49er
2012 Olympic Games London Great Britain – 1st in 49er
2017 Moth Sailing World Championships Malcesine Italy – 3rd in Moth class
References
External links
Australians Outteridge & Jensen secure 49er sailing gold
1988 births
Living people
Australian male sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 2012 Summer Olympics – 49er
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – 49er
Olympic sailors of Australia
Olympic gold medalists for Australia
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Olympic medalists in sailing
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
49er class world champions
29er class sailors
Artemis Racing sailors
2017 America's Cup sailors
2013 America's Cup sailors
World champions in sailing for Australia
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Alexandre Perrier (17 May 1862, Geneva - 5 May 1936, Geneva) was a Swiss landscape painter; mostly of Alpine mountain scenes. They also created a few portraits.
Biography
They came from a family of craftsmen and lost their father at the age of six. After graduating from the Collège de Genève, they spent a short time working as a bank clerk, then moved to Mulhouse and trained as a textile printing designer.
In 1891, they went to Paris, where they worked as a fashion illustrator and associated with a circle of Swiss creative artists, including Eugène Grasset and Édouard Rod. They were also exposed to the latest styles in painting, such as Neoimpressionism, Symbolism and Art Nouveau and began painting himself, during summers spent in Geneva and Haute-Savoie. They also held several showings at the Salon des Indépendants.
They exhibited at the Exposition Universelle (1900), winning a bronze medal, then returned to Geneva, where they received a federal scholarship. They would remain there for the rest of their life. In 1902, they exhibited with the Vienna Secession. In 1917, they were elected President of the Geneva section of the .
Their early paintings use a Pointillistic technique, but their later ones show a broader brushstroke. They did not follow the general practice of painting en plein aire, preferring to make sketches on site and producing the canvases in their studio. Many of their works are somewhat Chinese in character.
They died in an accident after leaving a showing of Modern Times by Charlie Chaplin. Major retrospectives were held in 1937 at the Musée Rath and the Kunsthalle Bern.
Further reading
Claude Ritschard: Alexandre Perrier : (1862-1936). La Baconnière/Arts, Geneva 2007, .
Valentina Anker: Der Schweizer Symbolismus und seine Verflechtungen mit der europäischen Kunst. Benteli, Bern 2009, .
External links
More works by Perrier @ ArtNet
1862 births
1936 deaths
Swiss painters
Swiss landscape painters
Accidental deaths in Switzerland
Somerville College Library is the college library of Somerville College, one of the 38 colleges of the University of Oxford. The library is one of the largest college libraries at the University of Oxford and has achieved 100% student satisfaction in several annual surveys.
Somerville College Library is situated north of the main quadrangle, facing the Chapel. It is open 24 hours a day, has Wi-Fi, several study rooms and computers, and the main student colour printer and scanner. The library is a Grade II-listed building.
History
The Edwardian building was built in 1903 and designed by Sir Basil Champneys. It was officially opened in 1904 by John Morley. Robert Bridges wrote Demeter specially for this opening, at which it was performed for the first time. Somerville College Library was the first library for women at the University of Oxford, and among the first college libraries built at Oxford with the needs of the undergraduates rather than the fellows in mind.
During the First World War, Somerville college became a hospital for convalescing officers and the library was a popular place for beds to be placed, overlooking the gardens. Siegfried Sassoon and Robert Graves were both to reminisce of their time at Somerville Hospital.
Indira Gandhi had their room in the building, before the ground floor was added to the library in 1974.
Collection
The library has a collection of approximately 2,000 books from the philosopher and women's rights activist John Stuart Mill and their father James Mill, the so-called John Stuart Mill Library, which was donated in 1905. The books contain many notes by Mill himself, which are being catalogued and researched by the University of Alabama and Oxford. Other notable donations or collections are from Amelia Edwards, Robert Bridges, John Ruskin, William Morris, Vernon Lee, Mary Lascelles and alumnae Vera Brittain, Margery Fry, Margaret Kennedy, Vivien Noakes and Muriel St. Clare Byrne. The library also owns letters from Ada Lovelace, notes from Mary Somerville and a letter from Charles Babbage addressed to Somerville. These are stored, however, in the Bodleian Library. The library contains paintings by Mary Somerville, John Constable, Maud Sumner and Patrick George.
The special collections include one of the first editions of Gustave Doré's illustrated Divine Comedy by Dante, published by Hachette Livre, from 1861; a print of the Divine Comedy from 1578 with 15th century commentary; a print of the works of Geoffrey Chaucer from 1570; an English translation of Giambattista della Porta's Magia Naturalis from 1658; a copy of Shakespeare's Second Folio which was part of David Garrick's library; and a copy of the second edition of Isaac Newton's
Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica from 1713.
To allow for future growth the library was built to contain about 60,000 books, while it possessed only 6,000 at opening. At the time female students had no access to the other libraries at the university. Today, the library holds approximately 120,000 items, 95,000 of which are on open shelves.
Gallery
References
External links
Somerville College, Library & IT
1903 establishments in England
Library
Libraries of the University of Oxford
Infrastructure completed in 1903
Library buildings completed in 1903
Grade II listed buildings in Oxford
The 45th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles the regiment has engaged in include Shiloh and Chickamauga.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Bereke may refer to:
Berke, Mongol ruler
Bereke, Kazakhstan
Bereke, Bor
Natimuk railway station was a railway station located in Natimuk on the Carpolac railway line. It was opened in 1894 when the line was extended from East Natimuk to Goroke and officially closed in 1986 however the last train to run through the railway station was in February. Today all that remains of the station are the grain silos and some sleepers.
References
Australian railway-related lists
Salt River is an unincorporated community located in Bullitt County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bullitt County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Bothel and Threapland is a civil parish in the Borough of Allerdale in Cumbria, England. It contains nine listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest". The parish contains the villages of Bothel and Threapland, and is otherwise rural. Apart from a milestone, all the listed buildings are houses, farmhouses, or farm buildings.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Cumbria
The Penultimate Curiosity: How science swims in the slipstream of ultimate questions is a book jointly written by English author and artist Roger Wagner and English scientist Andrew Briggs, which sets out to answer one of the most important, vexed, and profound questions about the development of human thought: ‘What lies at the root of the long entanglement between science and religion?'
In a prologue Wagner and Briggs begin by describing the entrances to the University Museum in Oxford and the Cavendish Laboratory in Cambridge. On the former there is a sculpture of an angel, on the latter a quotation from psalm 111: ‘the works of the Lord are great sought out of all them that have pleasure therein'. Their book, they suggest, is an attempt to answer the question of how this sculpture and inscription got there. Rather than directly addressing the question of whether science and religion are compatible, Wagner and Briggs examine the nature of the relationship between them.
Their first move is to consider the connection between the earliest evidences of human religion and early evidences of interest in the natural world. Drawing on recent discoveries of cave art and developments in the cognitive science of religion, they suggest that when the need to make sense of the world as a whole (‘ultimate curiosity') began to become central to maintaining the coherence of human communities, this created a kind of slipstream in which various kinds of interest in the natural world (penultimate curiosities) were able to travel. They further suggest that particular configurations of this ‘slipstream' (particular ways of making sense of the world) have been especially conducive to motivating an interest in the natural world.
Their second move is then to follow the way that particular religious ideas have shaped and motivated scientific thinking. They describe the way that the development in Greek religious thought of the idea of a divine arche – a source or principle – giving a rational coherence to the universe, influenced Greek scientific thinking for almost a thousand years. They then go on to describe the interaction between Greek thinking and early Jewish and Christian thought. Their focus here is on the Alexandrian Christian philosopher John Philoponus, and their argument that the heavens and the earth are made of the same materials and may be governed by the same principle.
From there Wagner and Briggs go on to follow these ideas through Islamic and medieval Christian thought, and it is in respect of the latter that another theme begins to emerge. Their original slipstreaming metaphor suggested that religious ideas could motivate scientific thinking. However when science is made to answer religious questions or vice versa confusion can result, as when slipstreaming cyclists in the Tour de France have a clash of wheels producing a chute or pile up. Galileo's persecution is cited as an example of this kind of chute, and when the speed of scientific advance increases, they suggest, these kinds of chutes can become more frequent.
Thus while describing how emerging features of religious thought, like the reformation insistence on examining the words (and also the works) of God for yourself, fed into the development of experimental science, they also describe how the weaponisation of science in the battle for intellectual credibility produced some of the modern tensions between scientific and religious ideas.
In an excursus towards the end of the book Wagner and Briggs trace the origins of a particular configuration that they call ‘the religious idea of penultimacy' in the Biblical idea of a creator God who cannot be identified with their creation; and explore what the cuneiform texts that began to be discovered and translated in the 19th century, reveal about them.
The final section of the book describes how these ideas influenced two men: Henry Acland who was responsible for the sculpture at the Oxford University Museum, and James Clerk Maxwell who was responsible for the inscription at Cambridge.
A concluding epilogue brings the story up to date, arguing that contemporary attempts to use science to discredit religion are themselves evidence of ‘the entrenched need of human beings to make sense of the whole depth of their experience', and are ‘rooted in the cognitive capacities that…first gave rise to homo religiosus'.
Reception
The book has so far been translated into Spanish and Portuguese.
Reviewing the book in the Financial Times John Cornwell remarked on its ‘generally irenic tone' and describes it as a ‘gripping work of history and reference that deserves to be read on both sides of the science-art divide'.
Reviewing the book in the Times Higher Educational Supplement Richard Joyner wrote that ‘to me as an atheist … Wagner and Briggs' first premise is wrong and their second confusing', but nevertheless argued that ‘their book is well worth reading'. The reviews in more specialist publications echo this last appraisal.
The CERN Courier suggests that the book shows how science and religion ‘can live in a mutually enriching relationship'. Writing in the Church Times Richard Harries describes it as ‘an exceptionally ambitious and wide-ranging book which approaches the rather stale debate of religion and science with a fresh historical perspective'.
In a longer academic review in The Ship, St Anne's College Journal, Howard Hotson, Professor of Early Modern Intellectual History at Oxford, wrote that in a culture in which modernity is so often defined in terms of secularization, and religion so often conceived as the archenemy of science, ‘it seems paradoxical to find glowing testimonials on the dust jacket of The Penultimate Curiosity from the Astronomer Royal and the Director General of CERN alongside the former Chief Rabbi and the current Archbishop of Canterbury.' Professor Hotson describes how the book's thesis ‘at its most impressively robust' is illustrated in the ‘process in which the heritage of Greek natural philosophy and mathematics was reshaped by dialogue with the deepest principles of Judeo-Christian-Islamic monotheism and vice versa', adding that ‘Wagner and Briggs are themselves swimming in the slipstream of a huge amount of patient scholarly work undertaken at an exponentially accelerating rate'.
Books based on The Penultimate Curiosity
A set of books for children based on The Penultimate Curiosity under the series title The Curious Science Quest were written by award-winning children's author Julia Golding with Andrew Briggs and Roger Wagner, describe the time-travelling adventures of Harriet, Darwin's pet tortoise, and Milton, Schrödinger's indecisive cat.
References
External links
The Penultimate Curiosity at the Oxford University Press
Book launch: The Penultimate Curiosity at Heffers Bookshop, Cambridge
Review in the Financial Times
The Penultimate Curiosity Website
Books about the history of science
Oxford University Press books
2016 non-fiction books
Votkinsk (; , Votka Kar) is an industrial town in the Udmurt Republic, Russia. Population:
History
It was established in April 1759, initially as a center for metallurgical enterprises, and the economic focus on metal related industry remains. Town status was officially granted to it in 1935.
The city of Votkinsk was one of the residence centers of the Udmurt Jews, who spoke Udmurtish Yiddish.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Votkinsk serves as the administrative center of Votkinsky District, even though it is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as the town of republic significance of Votkinsk—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, the town of republic significance of Votkinsk is incorporated as Votkinsk Urban Okrug.
Economy
The Moscow Institute of Thermal Technology operates a machine plant in the town, the Votkinsk Machine Building Plant, which produces some of Russia's long-range ballistic missiles. Under the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF) concluded between the United States and the Soviet Union, the missile production facility at Votkinsk was selected for long-term on-site monitoring by U.S. inspectors. The corresponding site for the Soviet Union in the United States was the Hercules missile production facility in Salt Lake City, Utah.
The town gives its name to the nearby Votkinsk Reservoir, filled in the 1960s following the construction of a dam for the Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station.
Geography
Climate
Votkinsk has a warm summer continental climate. (Koppen Dfb)
Sports
The bandy team Znamya-Udmurtiya has played in the highest division, and nowadays play in the second highest, Russian Bandy Supreme League.
Notable people
The town is the birthplace of Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, a Russian composer who spent the first eight years of their life here. Today, the house of their birth is home to the Tchaikovsky Museum.
Also the high jumper Rudolf Povarnitsyn was born in Votkinsk. Their greatest achievement was a bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics for the USSR. Their personal best jump of 2.40 metres, set in Donetsk, was also the world record from August 11 to September 4, 1985, when Igor Paklin beat it by one centimetre. Rudolf's record is unique in that their personal best preceding their record setting competition was 2.26 m.
International relations
Votkinsk has a sister city, as designated by Sister Cities International:
West Jordan, Utah, United States
References
Notes
Sources
Cities and towns in Udmurtia
Sarapulsky Uyezd
Sackheim Church () was a Protestant church in the Sackheim quarter of Königsberg, Germany.
History
While Sackheim's Prussian Lithuanians attended St. Elisabeth's, the quarter's Germans originally attended Löbenicht Church. When the latter church became too small for the growing community of Sackheim, the Sackheimers separated from Löbenicht and in 1638 received their own pastor, Georg Neuschilling from Danzig (Gdańsk). Construction of the new Lutheran church began in 1640, but was delayed for years when Catholics objected to its proximity to the Propsteikirche. Finally completed in 1648, Sackheim Church received its Josua Mosengel-designed organ designed by in 1707.
Because the church burned down in the great fire of 11 November 1764, it was rebuilt under the direction of Karl Ludwig Bergius and dedicated in 1769. Its Rococo spire was decorated with a gilded Lamb of God weathervane. Other notable aspects of the church were its Rococo altar, ornately decorated pulpit from 1769, and a sandstone baptismal font by Franz Andreas Threyne in 1940.
The church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg. The Soviet administration in Kaliningrad demolished the remains in the 1950s.
Notes
References
1944 disestablishments in Germany
17th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1640
Religious organizations established in the 1640s
Rococo architecture in Germany
1640 establishments in Europe
"Shut Up!" is a song by Canadian rock band Simple Plan for their second studio album Still Not Getting Any.... It is more of an "in your face" track, as the band are telling music critics, who generally deride the band as commercialized drivel, to just 'shut up!'. It could also be seen as a track where the speaker is telling their girlfriend to "shut up".
Released in January 2005, "Shut Up!" stalled at number 99 on the US Billboard Hot 100 but was more successful internationally, charting at number three in Sweden and reaching the top 20 in Australia and New Zealand. Simple Plan performed this song on the 2005 Kids' Choice Awards, as a way to promote the album.
Music video
The video starts out with the band members walking down the street, into the Millennium Biltmore Hotel in downtown Los Angeles. Once inside, they walk into the ballroom, where there is a fancy party going on. Grabbing their instruments, they start playing, creating a huge disturbance. The party goers begin to get very upset, as the members of Simple Plan begin jumping on tables and destroying everything. This is where Pierre Bouvier first does their knee dance. As some of the younger members of the party begin to start getting into it, the band's manager leans towards Bouvier and says "Dude, there's been a major mix up." Pierre asks "Are we in the wrong place?" and, upon confirmation, exclaims "I thought something was up!" The video then goes through a fast motion rewind, and ends up in a club, where the remainder of the song is played.
Track listings
UK and Australian CD single
"Shut Up!" (album version)
"Welcome to My Life" (acoustic)
"I'd Do Anything" (live from Burning Van)
European CD single
"Shut Up!" (album version)
"Welcome to My Life" (acoustic)
European DVD single
"Shut Up!" (album version)
"Shut Up!" (Dolby 5.1 Surround mix)
"Shut Up!" (video)
"Simple Plan EPK" (video)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
Simple Plan songs
2004 songs
2005 singles
Lava Records singles
Music videos directed by Erik White
Song recordings produced by Bob Rock
Songs written by Chuck Comeau
Songs written by Pierre Bouvier
(The Twin Brothers, D. 647) is a one-act Singspiel (sometimes also described as a Posse mit Gesang) composed by Franz Schubert in 1819 on a libretto by Georg Ernst von Hofmann. was first performed at the Kärntnertortheater on June 14, 1820.
Hofmann based the libretto on the 1818 French vaudeville (The Two Valentines) by Marc-Antoine Madeleine Désaugiers and Michel-Joseph Gentil de Chavagnac (1770–1846).
, like Schubert's other operatic works, met with limited success both at the work's inception and over time. Critics attribute this to the weakness of the libretto as well as to a mismatch between the lightness of the subject matter and the refined nature of Schubert's music. In this work, Schubert's music often approaches the style of Mozart, evoking for instance Die Zauberflöte.
Roles
Synopsis
The scene takes place in a village on the Rhine, on the 18th birthday of the young hero, Lieschen. Lieschen is eagerly awaiting their marriage to their young fiancé, Anton. The opera opens with a chorus in the couple's honor.
Unfortunately, upon Lieschen's birth, their father, Der Schulze, had agreed with a friend, Franz Spiess, that, in exchange for a sum of money, Franz would be allowed to marry Lieschen when they came of age. Immediately following the deal, Spiess had left for the war. Franz, now an old veteran whom the villagers had presumed dead, suddenly returns, on the last day on which they can claim their bride, and Lieschen's father must keep their word.
Coincidentally, Friedrich Spiess, Franz's twin brother, also a veteran, happens to return to the village on that same day. The Spiess brothers are both under the impression that their twin was killed in the war. Since they are identical twins and they are never in the same place at the same time, the villagers mistake them for each other. The twins' stories and behaviors do not match (while one brother strives to arrange their marriage to the hero, the other gladly revokes their right to it), leading Der Schulze to believe that the old soldier has sustained a mentally impairing sword wound and that they are unfit to marry their daughter. After this confusion is used to comic effect in a variety of ways, the twins finally meet, and Lieschen is allowed to marry Anton.
Discography
Die Zwillingsbrüder – Wolfgang Sawallisch, conductor, Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau, Helen Donath, Nicolai Gedda, etc. Choir and Orchestra Bayerische Staatsoper München (1978)
Die Zwillingsbrüder – Peter Maag, conductor; Solisti Cantori, Philharmonia Mediterranea, Bongiovanni. (1997)
Der Vierjährige Posten and Die Zwillingsbrüder – Christoph Spering, Capriccio Christoph Spering, conductor; Chorus Musicus Köln, Das Neue Orchester. Phoenix Edition. (2008)
References
Notes
Sources
External links
1820 operas
Operas
One-act operas
Possen mit Gesang
Singspiele
German-language operas
Operas by Franz Schubert
Operas based on plays
Twins in fiction
Houston A.P. (Pat) Bassett (March 14, 1857 – July 17, 1920) was an African-American Republican politician who served in the Twentieth Texas Legislature. The son of poor farmers, Bassett lived in their native Grimes County, Texas, for most of their life. They were educated at Straight University in New Orleans, Louisiana ,and Fisk University in Nashville, Tennessee. Upon returning to Texas, they became involved in politics and won a contested election for the Texas House of Representatives in 1886. They served only one term. They and their wife, the former Cordelia Foster, had four children.
References
Texas Legislators: Past & Present - Houston A.P. Bassett
Handbook of Texas Online - Houston A.P. Bassett
Forever Free: Nineteenth Century African-American Legislators and Constitutional Convention Delegates of Texas
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Texas Republicans
1857 births
1920 deaths
People from Grimes County, Texas
African-American state legislators in Texas
African-American politicians during the Reconstruction Era
Straight University alumni
Fisk University alumni
Baptists from Texas
19th-century Baptists
20th-century African-American people
Berezhok () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2002.
Geography
Berezhok is located 40 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Lodygino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Scott Dodelson is an American physicist.  They are a professor of physics at Carnegie Mellon University and chair of its physics department.
Biography
Dodelson received their B.A., B.S., and Ph.D. from Columbia University. Their thesis supervisor was Gerald Feinberg. They were a research fellow at Harvard University before moving to the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory. They joined the University of Chicago faculty in 1998 and was professor until 2017, when they joined Carnegie Mellon University. Their research has focused on the intersection of physics and cosmology and has out studies on dark matter, dark energy, and cosmological neutrinos. They have played a key role in numerous cosmological surveys, including co-chairing the Science Committee of the Dark Energy Survey.
From 2006 to 2008, Dodelson was interim director of the Fermilab Center for Particle Astrophysics. They were head of Fermilab's Theoretical Astrophysics Group from 2001 to 2006.
Dodelson is a fellow of the American Physical Society. They were managing editor of International Journal of Modern Physics D from 2004 to 2008.  They are the author of the astrophysics textbook Modern Cosmology. The minor planet 148707 Dodelson is named after him.
References
Living people
American physicists
University of Chicago faculty
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Carnegie Mellon University faculty
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Edward Dudley (1919–2010) was an English librarian who also lectured in librarianship and edited the professional journals New Library World and The Library Association Record.
Dudley was born in Wandsworth, London, the son of an engine driver. They worked as a librarian at Fulham Library from 1936 to 1939.
Army career
With the outbreak of the Second World War they joined the Army. Initially they were with the infantry, transferring to the Royal Army Service Corps in 1941. They returned to the Infantry in 1944, first the Devons and then as a seconded Platoon commander with the Queen's and served in Italy. They were then appointed as a librarian while still in the Army, for which they received extra pay.
Librarianship scholar
After the war, Dudley started work at the Belsize Park Library in North London. They went on to become a lecturer at the Polytechnic of North London. In 1983 they became editor of the New Library World and subsequently was involved in the founding of the Journal of Librarianship and Information Science.
In 2010 the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP) awarded them the first Cilip medal for their lifetime of professional achievement.
References
1919 births
2010 deaths
English librarians
People from Wandsworth
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Army Service Corps soldiers
The Dark Tower is the sixteenth concept album by Nox Arcana, released as the soundtrack for The Dark Tower book series by Joseph Vargo.
Narratives at the beginning and end of the album provide the storyline of an ancient castle inhabited by a vampire and haunted by ghosts and living gargoyles. The story is set during the time of the First Crusade. The music is predominantly instrumental with piano and pipe organ melodies accented by choirs, chanting, tolling bells and sound effects. Like other Halloween-themed albums by Nox Arcana, this one also contains a secret interactive puzzle that relates to the characters from the books.
The Dark Tower CD ranked at No. 1 on the Amazon Halloween music category for 28 weeks.
Track listing
All music composed and performed by Joseph Vargo
"Darkness Rising" – 1:47
"Born of the Night" – 3:29
"Crimson Thirst" – 2:47
"Vasaria" – 2:55
"Vesper Tolls" – 3:25
"Path of Shadows " – 3:49
"Banshee" – 1:32
"Ghost at the Gate" – 2:45
"Nightwatcher" – 1:56
"The Dark Tower" – 4:31
"Haunted" – 3:01
"Vampire's Kiss" – 3:04
"Undying Love" – 2:35
"Masque of Sorrow" – 3:01
"King of Fools" – 3:07
"Something Wicked" – 0:44
"Sinister Forces" – 3:45
"Immortal Fire" – 3:31
"Sorrow's End" – 3:19
"Dark Desire" – 3:37
"Noctem Aeternus" – 7:11
The song "Noctem Aeternus" ends at 3:30, but there are two untitled hidden tracks: the first hidden track starts at 4:00 and ends at 4:35; the second hidden track starts at 5:05 and ends at 7:11.
References
External links
[ The Dark Tower] at Allmusic
2011 albums
Halloween albums
Nox Arcana albums
St. Stanislaus Church (formally Saint Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr Church) in Meriden, Connecticut is a Roman Catholic church originally established in 1891 and dedicated to the Bishop of Kraków, Stanislaus of Szczepanów, an 11th-century Polish Saint. St. Stanislaus's is the third oldest Polish-American Roman Catholic parish in New England and the oldest in the Archdiocese of Hartford. In 2017, Saint Stanislaus parish merged with the nearby Polish-American parish SS. Peter and Paul Parish in Wallingford to form St. Faustina Parish.
The Saint Stanislaus campus of Saint Faustina Parish is made up of the church, school, community center, gymnasium, rectory and garage, convent and chapel, and the cemetery, as well as an outdoor shrine of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Saint Stanislaus parish built the first Polish Roman Catholic church building in Connecticut in 1893, which was replaced by the current church in 1908. The original building also housed the parish school until the construction of the current Saint Stanislaus Parochial School in 1915. The parochial school operated for grades kindergarten through 8th grade until 2015, after which the building was used for a pre-kindergarten program.
Saints Peter and Paul Church was established as an independent parish in 1924 for Polish immigrants setting in Wallingford. The current church building was dedicated a year later in 1925.
The combined parish is named for Faustina Kowalska (1905–1938), a Polish nun canonized in 2000, known for inspiring devotion to Divine Mercy. The parish offices and records are maintained at the Saint Stanislaus campus.
Saint Stanislaus history
The Mother Church of Meriden is St. Rose of Lima, built in 1848, whose congregation was predominantly Irish. From this parish developed the French parish of St. Laurents in 1880. In 1888, the German members of St. Laurents formed the parish of St. Mary. In 1894, the Italian parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel also developed from St. Laurents.
Early Polish immigrants were drawn to Meriden by the possibility of jobs in the silver manufacturing industry. People such as Franciszek Szumny and Michał Kloc, who like in the old country, went to Mass every Sunday, attended Saint Rose of Lima, but did not understand the language nor the hymns.
Original church
St. Stanislaus Parish in Meriden, Connecticut, was the first Polish parish founded in the Archdiocese of Hartford. On January 1, 1889, John Damach and friends established a Society of St. Stanislaus, Bishop and Martyr, so named because they wanted from the beginning to have the help of a good Polish saint. Services then began to be held in the basement of St. Rose which was set apart for their use. By the following year, the Society had raised sufficient funds to purchase a small piece of land from Składzień for 700 dollars in 1892. The lot on Jefferson Street was 100×170 feet and on top of a hill, and so a bit uncomfortable for the older parishioners, but the land was cheaper than elsewhere, and after all, it was higher and closer to Heaven.
With land at Jefferson and Oak Streets acquired, in 1891, Bishop Lawrence Stephen McMahon appointed Antoni Klawiter as the first pastor. Klawiter had been a Polish insurgent in the January Uprising of 1863 against the Russian Empire. The cornerstone for the church was laid by P. F. McAlenny, pastor of St. Rose's Church, on October 30, 1892. The first Polish church in Meriden, and in the state of Connecticut, was very modest, measuring 40 feet wide by 90 feet long. The original St. Stanislaus Church was built with a small school wing and a few small rooms for the pastor's residence; the construction cost was $5,000. Bishop McMahon dedicated the first St. Stanislaus Church, a small wooden edifice, on January 8, 1893.
Before long the need for a new, larger church became apparent. With a $9,000 treasury, John L. Ceppa bought land for a new church site at the corner of Pleasant St. and Olive St. The Society of St. Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr immediately began collecting the funds to build a new, temporary church on the site. There was much discussion among the parishioners as to what form the church should take: whether the church would be wooden or brick, towering or low and humble, how to make the altar and organ, would there be a hall, would there be a school, would the tower be tall and cubic or circular like in the old country, gothic architecture or romanesque.
Present church
The architects of the present Saint Stanislaus Church were Reiley and Steinback of New York and Stamford, Connecticut. The new church was dedicated by Bishop Michael Tierney of Hartford on September 7, 1908.
In observance of the current church buildings's centennial in 2008, Pastor Edward Ziemnicki began a fundraising campaign known as Century of Faith to renovate and repair the church. The project was overseen by Kronenberger & Sons Restoration, Inc. of Middletown, Connecticut. Founder of the firm, Thomas J. Kronenberger, was a life-long parishioner of St. Stanislaus. The work had two components: restoration of the interior, and of the outside walkway and staircase. The interior restoration involved repairing plaster, painting, the repair of stained glass windows, the restoration of the column capitals, and parts of the artwork and murals.
In 2009 the church again underwent extensive renovations, including additional marble to restore its historic character.
The parish holds an annual Polish Festival on the church grounds. The parish celebrated its 125th anniversary in 2016.
SS. Peter and Paul history
On September 8, 1924, Father Stanislaus Iciek was designated as temporary administrator of the newly created Saints Peter and Paul Parish, designated for Polish immigrants settling in Wallingford, CT. Under their direction, the immigrants bought land on North Orchard St. and set about the task of building a church. SS. Peter and Paul Church was opened for the first Mass on May 25, 1925. On June 22, 1925 the finished mission-style church was solemnly dedicated by Thomas S. Duggan acting on behalf of Bishop John Joseph Nilan. The architect was Henry F. Ludorf of Hartford Ct.
Merger
Effective June 29, 2017, St. Stanislaus Church merged with Ss. Peter & Paul in Wallingford to form St. Faustina Parish. Ss. Peter & Paul was founded in 1924 to serve the polish community of Wallingford. Parish records are held with the new parish of St. Faustina, with two church buildings. Parish administration is handled from the St. Stanislaus premises.
In July 2018, St. Faustina's sponsored a trip to Washington D.C.
Saint Stanislaus Parochial School
The school was originally housed in the classroom wing of the earlier church on Jefferson Street, and served area youth from 1892 to 1915, when the modern school building opened. St. Stanislaus's Parochial School enrolled students from Kindergarten through 8th grade. Starting in 1990, the Sisters of St. Joseph taught a pre-school program in the Convent, which existed for well-over a decade. Saint Stanislaus school closed in 2015.
St. Stanislaus School Readiness Program
With the closing of St. Stanislaus Pre-School in the mid-2000s, the need for a pre-K program was evident and St. Stanislaus' facilities became a center for the City of Meriden's School Readiness Program. The City's aim is to provide care for three- and four-year-old Meriden residents based on a sliding fee scale. The School Readiness Program at St. Stanislaus helps to prepare young students for Kindergarten. The program is run by archdiocese Catholic Charities through a franchise with the City of Meriden.
Parish organizations
The Society of Saint Stanislaus Bishop and Martyr -was instrumental in founding the parish; it later disbanded.
The Ladies' Rosary Society
The Holy Name Society
St. Theresa Society
The Sunshine Club -Seniors' group that meets during the week in the school's cafeteria
The Ladies Guild
Knights of Columbus
Pierogi making
As an ongoing, year-round fundraiser for the Parish, with proceeds going towards the school or church, Tom Wronski, a dedicated Parishioner, has for many years organized pierogi making. A group of dough-makers get there early on a Saturday morning to prepare the dough; which is then given to the rollers, who roll the dough thin and cut it into circles; which then are given on trays to the stuffers, who fill the pierogi with Farmer's cheese, potato-and-cheese, or sauerkraut filling; which was made the day earlier by the filling-makers; next involved are the boilers, who parboil the raw pierogi; which is then laid out on tables to dry and begin to cool, are then put in the freezers to chill, and finally are put in bags of a dozen based on the filling by the baggers. All of the work is done by volunteers of all ages and backgrounds, who enjoy making pierogi, helping the Parish, and spending time on a Saturday morning with fellow parishioners.
The pierogi is made on many Saturdays throughout the year in preparation for holidays, Parish gatherings, and the Polish Festival, formerly the June Festival, where they are quickly sold-out.
Ceppa Field
Ceppa Field, named for early St. Stanislaus pastor John L. Ceppa, is located on Gale Avenue, in Meriden, not far from the church; it is currently used by Platt and Maloney high schools.
Gwara Merydeńska
The Meriden diaspora is Connecticut's oldest Polonia, having been started well-over one-hundred-and-twenty-years-ago. With the modern Polish language largely the result of the turbulence of World War II, there is a recognizable difference between the Polish spoken in Meriden by older immigrants together with their children, and today's Polish speakers in the Ojczyzna, or Fatherland. Some of the earliest Poles to Meriden came in the 1870s, and all of the Polish immigrants which started Saint Stanislaus Parish emigrated during the age of the partition of Poland, meaning many of Meriden's Poles left from the Austro-Hungarian, German, or Russian empires; and not from Poland. And in the early Parish, perhaps the majority of those immigrants came from the Kingdom of Galicia.
Many of these early immigrants left before World War I from Galicia during the Great Economic Emigration, beginning in the 1880s with the mass emigration of Galician peasantry and temporarially ending with the outbreak of the Great World War. The war separated many families on opposite sides of the Atlantic, so to this day many St. Stanislaus Parishioners maintain Christmas and Easter card contact with distant cousins and families in the old country.
Many of Saint Stanislaus' Polish parishioners returned to fight for Poland's cause in the Blue Army, or Haller's Army, which was formed in France by Poles from diasporas from all over the United States, Canada, and Brazil, as well as by former prisoners of war from the imperial armies of Germany and Russia; they were organized under Gen. Józef Haller.
After the First World War, 1914–1918, many more Poles left the Second Polish Republic for a new start in America. With a thriving economy and industry in Meriden, many of these Poles made their way to Meriden and into the Parish.
The immigration of Poles slowed tremendously after World War II, but continues to this day with new Polish parishioners often finding their way to St. Stanislaus in Meriden.
As a Parish with a very long history in Polonia, the language spoken in Meriden is a lively and enjoyable one, but not particularly correct. Meriden's Polish is the result of the mixing of the dialects and gwaras spoken before World War II, of the entrance of new words from a developing culture, and from the simple passage of time as language changes or is forgotten. A number of minor features of Polish vocabulary spoken in the first half of the 20th century have been retained in gwara merydeńska, which now sound archaic to modern Poles.
Additionally, gwara merydeńska is largely half-na-pół, that is, a part Polish and a part English. Perhaps, the best example of this interesting and endearing form of Polish may be:
"A police officer gave me a ticket on the highway."
Which in modern Polish would appear as:
"Policjant dał mi mandat na autostradzie."
However, in a Polish typical of older Polonias in the United States, this may appear as:
"Kap dał mi tiketa na hajłeju."
Indeed, many Poles which come to an older Polish diaspora may at first find this half-na-pół language to just be an abomination of the beautiful and very complex Polish language, but many will find themselves slowly slipping into this almost unstoppable form of Polish; close contact with both languages makes this form of language often unpreventable. It has a certain history and character to it, which makes its existence somewhat pleasant, however, using this form of dialect with either visiting Poles or in the Fatherland sometimes leads to confusion. It may also be worth mentioning here that some words developed in Polonia before being sent back to Poland, where they are now commonplace and a true part of the Polish language.
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus - ParishesOnline.com
Roman Catholic parishes of Archdiocese of Hartford
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in Meriden, Connecticut
Churches in New Haven County, Connecticut
1891 establishments in Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1893
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
French Field is a multi-purpose stadium in the northwest United States, located in Kent, Washington, a suurb southeast of Seattle. It is a stadium for high school teams in the area including Kent-Meridian High School, Kentlake High School, Kentridge High School, and Kentwood High School football, soccer and track teams.
The stadium is also home for the Seattle Majestics, a professional women's football team in the Women's National Football Conference and was home to the King County Jaguars, a semi-professional football team in the North American Football League.
French Field is also used for community organizations like Kent Youth Soccer Association. The Kent School District uses this field for middle school and elementary school sporting events such as track.
Adjacent to Kent-Meridian High School, it opened in 1982; its running track is open daily to the general public. It is also used for Kent-Meridian's physical education curriculum.
See also
Kent-Meridian High School
Kentlake High School
Kentridge High School
Kentwood High School
Kent School District
King County Jaguars
City of Kent
External links
Seattle Majestics
Sports venues in Kent, Washington
Buildings and structures in Kent, Washington
Defunct National Premier Soccer League stadiums
1982 establishments in Washington (state)
Sports venues completed in 1982
Soccer venues in Washington (state)
American football venues in Washington (state)
Athletics (track and field) venues in Washington (state)
High school football venues in the United States
Hansaplatz (German for "Hanseatic square") refers to:
a square in Berlin
Hansaplatz (Berlin U-Bahn), station in Berlin
a square in Cologne
a square in Düsseldorf
a square in Hamburg
a square in Dortmund
a square in Königsberg, now Victory Square, Kaliningrad
German words and phrases
Robert Lee Dugger (born July 3, 1995) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball (MLB). They have previously played in MLB for the Miami Marlins,Tampa Bay Rays and Seattle Mariners.
Amateur career
Dugger attended Tomball High School in Tomball, Texas. In 2013, as a senior, they led Tomball to a Texas UIL 4A State Championship, throwing a complete game in which they allowed only one run while striking out six, along with going 3–4 at the plate, including a three-run inside-the-park home run. They were named to the 4A All-State Baseball Team that year. Undrafted out of high school, they enrolled at Cisco Junior College where they played college baseball. In their two years at Cisco, they compiled ERAs of 5.40 and 4.37. After their sophomore year, they transferred to Texas Tech University. As a junior at Texas Tech, they were 6–1 with a 2.67 ERA over relief innings. After their junior year, they were drafted by the Seattle Mariners in the 18th round of the 2016 Major League Baseball draft.
Professional career
Seattle Mariners
After signing with the Mariners, Dugger was assigned to the Everett AquaSox before being reassigned to the Arizona League Mariners. They also pitched in two games for the Tacoma Rainers. In 12 games (six starts) between the three teams, they went 2–1 with a 4.62 ERA. In 2017, they began the season with the Clinton LumberKings where they compiled a 4–1 record, a 2.00 ERA, and a 0.99 WHIP in 22 games (nine starts) and was named a Midwest League All-Star before being promoted to the Modesto Nuts in July, where they finished the season with a 2–5 record and a 3.94 ERA over nine starts.
Miami Marlins
On December 7, 2017, Dugger, along with Nick Neidert and Christopher Torres, was traded to the Miami Marlins in exchange for Dee Gordon and international slot money. They began 2018 with the Jupiter Hammerheads, earning Florida State League All-Star honors, and was promoted to the Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp in May. In 25 starts between the two clubs, they pitched to a 10–7 record with a 3.40 ERA. They returned to the Jumbo Shrimp to begin 2019, earning Southern League All-Star honors, before being promoted to the New Orleans Baby Cakes in June.
On August 5, 2019, the Marlins selected Duggar's contract and promoted them to the major leagues. They made their major league debut that day versus the New York Mets, allowing six runs over five innings pitched.
Seattle Mariners (second stint)
On December 7, 2020, Dugger was claimed off waivers by the Seattle Mariners. On February 19, 2021, Dugger was designated for assignment after the signing of Ken Giles was made official. On February 23, Dugger was sent down to the Triple-A level Tacoma Rainers. On April 15, 2021, Dugger was selected to the active 40-man roster ahead of a doubleheader against the Baltimore Orioles. In 12 games for the Mariners in 2021, Dugger posted a 7.36 ERA with 19 strikeouts. On August 22, Dugger was designated for assignment by the Mariners. On August 24, Dugger cleared waivers and was assigned outright to the Triple-A Tacoma Rainers.
Tampa Bay Rays
On March 24, 2022, Dugger signed a minor league deal with the Tampa Bay Rays.
On May 2, 2022 Tampa Bay Rays designated them for assignment.
Cincinnati Reds
On May 4, 2022, the Cincinnati Reds claimed Dugger off waivers.
On May 9, 2022, the Reds designated them for assignment. On July 7, they selected their contract. On July 8, the Reds designated them for assignment.
References
External links
Texas Tech Red Raiders bio
1995 births
Living people
Baseball players from Tucson, Arizona
Major League Baseball pitchers
Miami Marlins players
Seattle Mariners players
Tampa Bay Rays players
Cincinnati Reds players
Cisco Wranglers baseball players
Texas Tech Red Raiders baseball players
Arizona League Mariners players
Everett AquaSox players
Clinton LumberKings players
Modesto Nuts players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Jupiter Hammerheads players
Jacksonville Jumbo Shrimp players
New Orleans Baby Cakes players
Durham Bulls players
Oluf Steen Julius Berner (23 September 1809 – 12 September 1885) was a Norwegian politician.
They were born in 1809 in Laurvig. They were the son of merchant Joachim Berner and Karen Christine Berner, née Blom. In 1840, they married Marie Lovise Falkenberg, daughter of Christian Bugge Falkenberg (1781–1848) and Lovise Augusta (1791–1840), née Linaae. The couple had one child, Carl Berner, who became a notable politician. They were born in 1841, but Marie Lovise died in childbed. Oluf Steen Julius Berner married again, to Christiane Sofie Rømer (1812–1850), in 1846 in Kragerø.
Berner was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854, representing the constituency of Christiansand. They worked as an assessor in that city. They sat through one term.
References
1809 births
1885 deaths
Norwegian jurists
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Kristiansand
A rat race is an endless, self-defeating pursuit.
Rat race may also refer to:
Film
The Rat Race, a 1960 film directed by Robert Mulligan starring Tony Curtis and Debbie Reynolds
Rat Race (film), a 2001 comedy film directed by Jerry Zucker
Music
Rat Race (Child's Play album), 1990
"Rat Race" (Child's Play song), a single from the album
"Rat Race", a song by Bob Marley & The Wailers from Rastaman Vibration
"Rat Race" (song), by the UK Subs, contained in their 1980 album Brand New Age
"Rat Race", a song by The Drifters
"Rat Race" (The Specials song), a 1980 single included on the 1980 album More Specials
"Rat Race" (Enter Shikari song)
"Ratrace" (Skindred song)
The Rat Race Blues a 1960 jazz album by Gigi Gryce
Other uses
Rat Race (video game), a cancelled Sony game
Rat Race (The Price Is Right), a pricing game on the TV show The Price Is Right
The Rat Race (novel), a 1950 science fiction novel by Jay Franklin
Rat-race coupler, a type of radio-frequency coupler
Richard Ingworth may refer to:
Richard Yngworth (died 1545), bishop of Dover from 1537
Richard of Ingworth, Franciscan preacher who came to England in 1224
The William B. McCallum House, built in 1887, is an Italianate Style house in Valparaiso, Indiana contains many of the basic elements of Italianate design, including brick masonry, deep eves, thick cornice features of wood and protruding flattened arch brick window lintels and a two-story bay window.
William McCallum, with their wife Susan and their two children came to the United States from Canada in 1878.  They are listed as a “dry goods merchant” in 1884 with a store at 13 East Main, a few blocks west of their home. In 1899–1900, the firm of Specht-Finney-Skinner opened a department store at 11 East Main. McCallum appeared to have joined that firm as they were no longer listed as self-employed. At age 84, according to the 1930 Census, McCallum was still working as a dry goods salesperson. In that year, the house was valued at $12,000.
History
In 1884, William McCallum and their wife Susan purchased the property on the northwest corner of Main and College Avenue, which was part of the Woodhull Addition. The following year, construction began on their house, designed and built by Henry Lemster. It cost about $10,500. Between 1893 and 1902, the city revised its street number system, such that the home was variously numbered: ‘'81 East Main''. ‘'99 East Main'' and ‘'507 East Main.'' When the Lincoln Highway was dedicated in 1928 by the Boy Scouts, the city decided to rename Main Street as Lincolnway. Today, the McCallum's address is “507 Lincolnway.”
The McCallums took in boarders for several years between the 1920 census and the 1930. Glen and Clara Dean purchased the house after 1930, but before 1938. Dean was the son of the founder of Valparaiso Plumbing Company, Lyman Dean. They were located at 210 East Lincolnway in the mid-twentieth century. The Lyman Deans lived at 502 College Avenue, a few blocks south. Dean's plumbing and heating firm installed the indoor plumbing.
Between 1938 and the 1950s, numerous renovations were made. The first was to create an apartment on the second floor, then a second apartment on that floor. Finally, a third apartment was created on the first floor. The Deans claimed also to have taken out all the poplar flooring in the house and replaced it with oak. During these years, they found the original interior shutters. After repairs and staining, they were reinstalled.
In 1947, the house to William and Ray Von Doehren. In the 1950s, Mrs. Von Doehren added a family room with a fireplace and a garage on the southside of the house, along with a white clapboard “bump-out” on the west side of the kitchen. The house remained divided into three apartments.
Upon the death of Mrs. Von Doehren the house was given to Harriet Troxel. They and their husband, Bob Troxel, moved in around 1980. They willed the house to their daughter, Sharon Swihart. They and their husband moved to the house in 2001. As the tenants have moved out, the Swiharts began to convert it back to a single-family residence.
Architecture
The house was constructed circa 1885 as a two-story, double brick, asymmetrical Italianate residence with a low hip-and-gable roof system. The exterior walls are English bond brick. The neighborhood contains similar houses on tree-covered lots. The interior is approximately 5,000 sq ft.
The front façade, on the south, include a Colonial Revival porch and a two-story bay. Two wooden Tuscan columns support porch roof. Above the front door is a rectangular glass transom of beveled and leaded white glass with the house number backed in red. West of the porch is the two-story bay with floor to ceiling windows. The crowns are finished with a two-brick drop or pendant with sandstone sills. The cornice is most apparent on the south facade, but is complete all around the house. Eave brackets are in pairs, and applied to a tall paneled trim band.
The house has been placed on the National Register of Historic Structures for the Italianate architecture.
Character-Defining Features
Asymmetrical hipped roof,
gabled roof pitch on north section,
protruding flattened brick arches above the windows,
wooden double brackets along the deep molded cornice,
brick bay window on the front façade,
Centered Federal style wooden entry porch supported by two wood Tuscan columns,
wooden boxed window on the west façade, painted white,
double-hung wooden sash windows,
double door vestibule,
rectangular transom window above entry door.
Buildings and districts on the NRHP
Conrad and Catherine Bloch House
Haste-Crumpacker House
Heritage Hall
Immanuel Lutheran Church
Dr. David J. Loring Residence and Clinic
Charles S. and Mary McGill House
Porter County Jail and Sheriff's House
Porter County Memorial Opera Hall
David Garland Rose House
DeForest Skinner House
Valparaiso Downtown Commercial District
Washington Street Historic District (Valparaiso, Indiana)
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Indiana
Italianate architecture in Indiana
Houses completed in 1885
Houses in Porter County, Indiana
Buildings and structures in Valparaiso, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places in Porter County, Indiana
Holmes Glacier () is a broad glacier debouching into the western part of Porpoise Bay about south of Cape Spieden. It was delineated from aerial photographs taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Dr. Silas Holmes, Assistant Surgeon on the brig Porpoise during the United States Exploring Expedition (1838–42) under Lieutenant Charles Wilkes.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
References
Glaciers of Wilkes Land
Smuggler Cove Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Smuggler Cove is a small, picturesque all-weather anchorage on the south side of Sechelt Peninsula near Secret Cove. To access this park by land, visitors can hike 4 km from a parking lot off Hwy 101. This park provides hiking, swimming, kayaking and picnicking. Park Size: 185 hectares. 16 km West of Sechelt on the Sunshine Coast. Accessible by boat from the north end of Welcome Pass. Also accessible from Brooks Road off Hwy 101 halfway between Secret Cove and Halfmoon Bay on the Sunshine Coast. It is a 4 km hike from the parking lot to Smuggler Cove.
The Smuggler Cove Marine Provincial Park draws many boaters and sightseers every year to the protected cove. Many come to explore the many bays of the area, rock cliffs and beach areas. The marine park is considered a wetland park so there are some very sensitive ecological areas along the path designed to protect the ecosystem. Please stay on walking paths and have dogs leashed.
Smuggler Cove is an all-weather anchorage with three large anchoring basins for cruising boats. The best entry to the park by boat is through Welcome Passage at low tide when reef and rock projections are visible. The local area has provided many eye bolts located along the shoreline to accommodate stern pins.
History
A possible apocryphal story is that Smuggler Cove owes its name to its reported use by Larry Kelly. Kelly, the “King of the Smugglers” who was also known as “Pirate” came up to Canada after fighting for the confederates in the American Civil War. When the Canadian Pacific Railway was completed, many unemployed Chinese workers tried to emigrate to the United States but were forbidden official entry. Kelly assisted the Chinese to cross the border for a fee of $100 each. Their insurance against detection was to have the Chinese agree to be roped together and tied to a large hunk of pig iron. If there was a chance that they would be apprehended by U.S. customs, they would throw the iron and Chinese overboard. Common misconception is that Larry Kelly was also nicknamed "Pig Iron," but this was another smuggler by the name of Jim Kelly.
Gallery
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20080605065800/http://www.env.gov.bc.ca/bcparks/explore/parkpgs/smuggler.html
External links
Smuggler Cove Hiking Trails
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Sunshine Coast Regional District
Protected areas established in 1971
1971 establishments in British Columbia
Marine parks of Canada
Floris is an unincorporated community in northwest Beaver County, Oklahoma, United States.
History
The community was named after Floris Derthwick, who was the daughter of the townsite owner, Byron S. Derthwick.
The Floris post office operated from August 7, 1903 to September 30, 1925.
The Floris Grain Elevator, which was built along the tracks of the now-defunct Beaver, Meade and Englewood Railroad, is on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Beaver County, Oklahoma.
References
Unincorporated communities in Beaver County, Oklahoma
Populated places established in 1903
Unincorporated communities in Oklahoma
1903 establishments in Oklahoma Territory
Oklahoma Panhandle
Johann Friedrich Domhardt (18 September 1712 – 20 November 1781), was one of the most important and successful administrative officials of Frederick the Great's Prussia. They were the first President of East and West Prussia. Under their leadership, Frederick's royal stud farm was secured from Russian invasion and they developed and organized profitable settlement and agriculture in East Prussia.
Family and education
Domhardt was the son of a domain tenant who immigrated from the Anhalt in 1724 to the north-east of Prussia. Their parents were Justus Heinrich Domhardt († 1736) and their wife Katharina Gertrud Trüstedt, who came from a family of civic leaders in Gardelegen, Saxony-Anhalt. They attended the Martineum (Halberstadt) and the Royal Litvian Provincial School and acquired a good school education. Their father died when they were 19 years old. Subsequently, they took over their father's lease of the property in Ragnit.
Their efforts to improve farming drew the attention of Frederick William I. From 1732, Frederick William had resettled the area with Protestant refugees from the Archbishopric of Salzburg, who had been exiled by Prince-Archbishop Count Leopold Anton von Firmian. In addition, the King's son, the crown prince and later King Frederick II, became acquainted with Domhardt by 1735. When Frederick's father gave them control of the Trakehner stud farm, the Crown Prince entrusted Domhardt with the sole supervision of the royal stables, which provided much of the blood stock for the Prussian cavalry.
Upon their own ascension to the throne, Frederick remembered Domhardt's ability to grasp difficult tasks, to recognize and appropriately use the given circumstances, to maintain a firmness of judgment, to exercise power and diligence; these attributes, Frederick thought, made Domhardt an ideal of a Prussian state official. Consequently, after their accession to the throne, Frederick appointed them as a royal counselor and eventually president of the Gumbinnen Chamberin 1746. By improving local roads and rivers, and harnessing the energies of the Protestant refugees, Domhardt helped the region emerge as a critical "breadbasket" for the rest of Prussia.
Gumbinnen falls to Russia
In early 1756, shortly before the outbreak of the Seven Years' War, they were appointed the second director of the Chamber; the higher positions were reserved for nobles only. The king entrusted them with the care of the troops who were gathered against the expected Russian invasion. Domgardt showed prudent skill in mobilizing, organizing the land militia, and securing the Trakehner stud farm.
In the summer of 1757 the Russians, led by Count William Fermor and Field Marshal Count Stepan Fyodorovich Apraksin in East Prussia. The old Field Marshal Johann von Lehwaldt commanded the Prussian troops. At the expressed orders of the king, they attacked the Russians who were several times superior in men and artillery at Battle of Gross-Jägersdorf, west of Insterburg. The battle ended with heavy Prussian losses.
Elizabeth of Russia subsequently declared East Prussia as a Russian territory, by patent of 31 December 1757. In January 1758 a Russian army under Count Fermor occupied district. Most of the other senior civil servants fled the province before the occupation, but Domhardt remained in their post. Domhardt subsequently had to swear allegiance to the Russian Empress, but they retained them in their responsibilities; consequently, they kept the province from too heavy a war burden and, after the peace with Russia (May 5, 1762), the King acknowledged the province and made them president of the Royal Chamber. In August 1762, Frederick publicly acknowledged East Prussia as the best-preserved of all provinces.
Domhardt satisfied the King's demands for the supply of food, the recruitment of soldiers, and the acquisition of Russian magazines. In addition, they succeeded to restore the damaged land to a profitable state. Particularly noteworthy were the expansion of the Angrapa rivers flood containment and irrigation systems (1764–1774) and the settlement of 15,000 colonists. Domhardt's most laborious and in-depth activity was the construction of West Prussia from 1772 on. They planned, but did not build, the Masurian Canal.
In 1781, they became ill; with both arms paralyzed, Domhardt died in Königsberg after several weeks of sickness on 20 November. Their ashes laid in Bestendorf near the district of Mohrungen.
Marriage and children
They married Johanne Amalia Keydel (1716–1779), the daughter of Johann Casper Keydel, a Brunswick Forest Inspector Forstinspektor, who had also settled as a domain tenant in East Prussia. They had 10 children:
Justus Frederick (1741–1796), Captain of Cavalry
Ludwig Frederick (1744–1821), Financial Advisor, President of Chambers in Bromberg (1782), later Marienwerder (1786)
Amalia Eleonore (* around 1745– before 1791)
Ernestine Gertrud Frederica (1750–1807)
Albertine Elisabeth Henriette (1752–1795) ∞ Sylvius Heinrich Moritz von Frankenberg und Proschlitz (1732–1795)
Dorothea Frederica (1755–1775)
Otto Heinrich Frederick (3 March 1756 – 1835),in 1774 served in Hesse-Kassel military,
Citations
1723 births
1781 deaths
Prussian politicians
This document describes the CGA's hierarchy structure and the tools they used each school year in ICT schools.
School year 2003–04
During the school year 2003-2004, the Andalusian Government opened 100 ICT schools in Andalusia as a pilot experience.
50 ICT schools for e-Government
50 ICT schools for educational process
A total of 18.000 PCs
Tools that they used:
Cheops
Bugzilla
Nagios
MRTG
Hierarchy structure of the staff:
School year 2004–05
150 schools for e-Government
150 schools for educational process
A total of 58.000 PCs
Software that CGA used during this school year:
Cheops
Nagios
MRTG
Sigila (self-made: Sistema Integral de Gestión de Incidencias y Localización de Averias or Integral System to Manage and Localize system's Breakdowns)
Unattended Operating System installations
PXE
SystemImager
Tools to share and security
NFS
LDAP
rsync
School year 2005–06
618 for the two purpose (for e-Government and for educational process)
A total of 105.000 PCs
CGA omitted the use of this software tools because they were not useful for a big Network with 105.000 PC:
Cheops
Nagios
MRTG
Control software tools:
Sigila
Unattended installations of the Operating System
PXE
SystemImager
Tools to share and security
NFS
LDAP
RSYNC
Unattended software installations:
CFEngine
Munin
Visco (self-made, this is Nagios' adaptation for a bigger network)
Software to be used at the schools
Apagado remoto de equipos (Remote shutdown for all PC in the ICT School)
CRV (Cañón de red virtual or Virtual Network Projector)
iTALC
School year 2006–07
1.100 ICT Schools
185.000 PC
Human and technical resource are difficult to scalar, then, the CGA needed to design a new solution
to reach two objectives:
Control, management and flexibility
To control the grown of human and technical resources
To reach these objectives CGA used ITIL
Related links
Centro de Gestión Avanzado de Centros TIC
https://web.archive.org/web/20070717170623/http://www.cga.org.es/blog/
http://www.guadalinex.org
See also
CGA (Advanced Management Centre)
Education in Spain
Free software culture and documents
Governmental educational technology organizations
Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne () is an oil-on-canvas landscape painting by the French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir, created during the winter of 1868. The painting depicts a snowscape with many Parisians, young and old, spending leisure time on a frozen park lake. Due to Renoir's strong dislike of cold temperatures and snow, the piece is one of their few winter landscapes.
Background
Pierre-Auguste Renoir (1841–1919) first met landscape painters Alfred Sisley (1839–1899), Claude Monet (1840–1926), and figure painter Frédéric Bazille (1841–1870) at the art studio of Swiss artist Charles Gleyre in 1861. In addition to their friendship, all would prove influential in Renoir's work. For the next several years, Renoir attended the École des Beaux-Arts. They first exhibited a large painting at the Salon in 1863, but destroyed their work. That same year, Renoir was living in a studio with Bazille who introduced them to Paul Cézanne (1839–1906) and Camille Pissarro (1830–1903).
An early painting, The Cabaret of Mère Anthony (1866), represents for Renoir "some of the most agreeable memories" of their life with friends at a village inn during this time. They soon moved to the village of Chailly near Marlotte and the forest of Fontainebleau, and began working with model Lise Tréhot who posed for them between 1866 and 1872. Renoir began painting at La Grenouillère, a popular middle class day resort with a floating dance hall, in late 1868. Like Monet and several other Impressionists, Renoir worked en plein air, painting outdoors, but unlike Monet, who was known for painting in the cold and snow, Renoir was not fond of cold temperatures. Years later, they told art dealer Ambroise Vollard that they could not stand the cold: "But then, even if you can stand the cold, why paint snow? It is a blight on the face of Nature." Although it is unknown when their symptoms began, Renoir was known to suffer from rheumatoid arthritis from at least 1892 onward, an affliction which would severely restrict their artistic production in late life.
Description
Renoir, who was then 26 years old, painted Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne in the public park of Bois de Boulogne in Paris en plein air during the cold winter month of January 1868. Newspaper accounts of the time recorded freezing temperatures allowing people to walk across the Seine and ice skate on rivers and streams. Due to Renoir's dislike of cold temperatures, it is one of the few winter landscapes they completed aside from a few minor studies. At the time of the painting, the park itself was relatively new, with construction beginning in 1852 under a public works program led by Georges-Eugène Haussmann under the direction of Napoleon III. Under Haussmann's renovation of Paris, the Bois de Boulogne was completed in 1858.
The scene is thought to have been painted near the Lac pour le patinage (Skating Lake), an artificial lake. Renoir chose the park because they preferred painting crowds. The painting has an unfinished, sketch-like quality to it, in the style of a pochade, but the brushwork is bold and the composition fully realized. The scene represents the western part of the park, using an elevated perspective. The theme evokes older Dutch ice skating landscapes made popular by painters like Hendrick Avercamp (1585–1634). Several dogs can be seen in the work, reflecting Renoir's thematic interest in the lives of the Parisian bourgeoisie. The motif of social leisure depicted in the piece would come to define Renoir's subsequent work.
Other work
There are at least four known snowscapes by Renoir: Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne (1868); Winter Landscape (1868); Snowy Landscape (1870–1875); and another work also titled Snowy Landscape (1875). Along with Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne, Renoir would return to the imagery of the Bois de Boulogne years later with a large painting called The Morning Ride (1873), alternatively titled Madame Henriette Darras, which was rejected by the Salon in that year.
Provenance
The piece is currently held in the private art collection of William I. Koch, who lent the work for exhibition by the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston in 2005. Previous owners include:
Ambroise Vollard
The Marquess of Northampton
Richard L. Feigen & Co.
Notes
References
1868 paintings
Paintings by Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Landscape paintings
Andrey Anatolyevich Shumilin (; 9 March 1970 – 8 June 2022) was a Russian wrestler. They competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and came fourth in the super-heavyweight freestyle event.
Wrestling career
Shumilian was born in Kaliningrad, Russian SFSR. In the 1980 their father brought them to junior's sports school. At 16 years old they were already a master of sports of the USSR. In the 1986 they won the USSR championship and the Juniors' World championship. The next year Shumilin repeated their success – they were already double Juniors' World champion. In 1989 they were junior's European champion. From 1990 they were a regular member of the Russian national wrestling team.
References
External links
International youth free style wrestling tournament for Andrej Shumilin's prizes
1970 births
2022 deaths
Immanuel Kant Baltic Federal University alumni
Olympic wrestlers of Russia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Soviet sport wrestlers
Russian male sport wrestlers
World Wrestling Championships medalists
European Wrestling Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Kaliningrad
The Disability Discrimination Act 1995 (c. 50) (informally, and hereafter, the DDA) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which has now been repealed and replaced by the Equality Act 2010, except in Northern Ireland where the Act still applies. Formerly, it made it unlawful to discriminate against people in respect of their disabilities in relation to employment, the provision of goods and services, education and transport.
The DDA is a civil rights law. Other countries use constitutional, social rights or criminal law to make similar provisions. The Equality and Human Rights Commission combats discrimination. Equivalent legislation exists in Northern Ireland, which is enforced by the Northern Ireland Equality Commission.
History
The Act was the culmination of a public campaign, and at least 100,000 people in demonstrations, to force the government to end state and business discrimination against disabled people. While the Race Relations Act 1976 and the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 guaranteed minimum standards for equality on grounds of race and gender, there had been very little concerning disabled people. Prior to the DDA, the first attempt to deal with the issue of disability was the Disabled Persons (Employment) Act 1944. This made it a legal requirement for companies with over 250 employees to employ a quota of disabled persons. This failed as there was not now anyone appointed to monitor these rights and as such was toothless.
Service providers
The Act placed duties on service providers and required "reasonable adjustments" to be made when providing access to goods, facilities, services and premises. These were introduced in three stages:
Since 2 December 1994, it has been unlawful for service providers to treat disabled people less favourably for a reason related to their disability;
Since 1 October 2002, service providers have had to make 'reasonable adjustments' for disabled people, such as providing extra help or making changes to the way they provide their services.
Since 1 October 2004, service providers may have to make other 'reasonable adjustments' in relation to the physical features of their premises to overcome physical barriers to access.
Amending legislation
The Act was amended by the following legislation in Great Britain (but not Northern Ireland, where different amendments apply):
The Disability Rights Commission Act 1999, which replaced the National Disability Council with the Disability Rights Commission (DRC);
The Special Educational Needs and Disability Act 2001 inserted new provisions in Part 4 of the DDA 1995 in connection with disability discrimination in schools and other educational establishments;
The Private Hire Vehicles (Carriage of Guide Dogs etc.) Act 2002, which prevented operators of such vehicles refusing to take assistance dogs, or making additional charges for such dogs.
The Disability Discrimination Act 1995 (Amendment) Regulations 2003, and the Disability Discrimination Act 1995 (Pensions) Regulations 2003 which amended the DDA in line with the EU employment directive.
The Disability Discrimination Act 2005, which completed the implementation of the Disability Rights Task Force recommendations, including the extension of the DDA 1995 to cover public transport, and the introduction of a duty on public authorities to promote equality for disabled people.
The Equality Act 2006 which transferred the role of the Disability Rights Commission to the Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC). The EHRC took on this role from 1 October 2007, and has powers to issue guidance on and enforce all the equality enactments (covering race, sex, disability, religion and belief, sexual orientation and age).
Principles
The DDA 1995 departed from the fundamental principles of older UK discrimination law (the Sex Discrimination Act 1975 and the Race Relations Act 1976). These Acts, also repealed and replaced by the Equality Act 2010, made direct discrimination and indirect discrimination unlawful. However, these concepts are insufficient to deal with the issues of disability discrimination.
The core concepts in the DDA 1995 are, instead:
less favourable treatment for a reason related to a disabled person's disability; and
failure to make a "reasonable adjustment".
"Reasonable adjustment" or, as it is known in some other jurisdictions, 'reasonable accommodation', is the radical concept that makes the DDA 1995 so different from the older legislation. Instead of the rather passive approach of indirect discrimination (where someone can take action if they have been disadvantaged by a policy, practice or criterion that a body with duties under the law has adopted), reasonable adjustment is an active approach that requires employers, service providers etc. to take steps to remove barriers from disabled people's participation. For example:
employers are likely to find it reasonable to provide accessible IT equipment;
many shops are likely to find it reasonable to make their premises accessible to wheelchair users;
councils are likely to find it reasonable to provide information in alternative formats (such as large print) as well as normal written form.
The Disability Rights Commission's Codes of Practice give more information to bodies with duties on assessing whether a particular adjustment is reasonable. In general, the factors to consider would include:
whether the proposed adjustment would meet the needs of the disabled person;
whether the adjustment is affordable;
whether the adjustment would have a serious effect on other people.
Sometimes there may be no reasonable adjustment, and the outcome is that a disabled person is treated less favourably. For example, if a person was not able to understand the implications of entering into a mortgage or loan agreement, and they did not have anyone authorised to act for them, it would not make sense to require a bank or building society to enter into that agreement. The Act therefore permits employers and service providers to justify less favourable treatment (and in some instances failure to make a reasonable adjustment) in certain circumstances.
An example would be a medieval castle open for public tours that didn't have modifications made for wheelchairs. To do so would destroy the castle's historical aspects such as the restrictive nature of the original circular staircases.
Housing
The system of protection of disabled people, especially those with mental health problems to keep their homes, has been greatly enhanced by certain recent rulings in the UK Court of Appeal—City of Manchester v Romano.
Under the act it is unlawful to discriminate against a disabled person by evicting them or subjecting them to other detriment unless justified under the limited number of justifications set out in the act.
In practice the only relevant justification is that the landlord believes and also that it is objectively necessary for the protection of the health or safety of the disabled person or someone else.
Where the cause of the taking of proceedings is e.g. rent arrears which was caused by the disability e.g. by Housing Benefit being cancelled through non response to correspondence and the non response was caused by the disability, then not only is it discrimination, but it is discrimination which cannot be justified on the grounds allowed in the act.
This applies whether or not the landlord knew of the disability.
This applies even if
the landlord has a mandatory ground for possession, e.g.
two months rent arrears or
two months notice no reason in cases of assured shorthold tenancy where the actual reason is rent arrears
the tenancy is one where there is no statutory system of protection, e.g.
where in LA temporary accommodation under the homelessness duty
the tenancy is a business tenancy
The tenant may counter-claim and seek an injunction restraining the landlord from continuing the possession proceedings.
The judges were very worried about the extent of the law and urged Parliament to change it. However, there has since been a new act of Parliament and there was no weakening of this protection.
Cases
Coleman v Attridge Law AG Maduro' opinion and judgment (C‑303/06) [2007] IRLR 88
Paul v National Probation Service [2004] IRLR 190, [2003] UKEAT 0290_03_1311
Chacon Navas v Eurest Colectividades SA (2007) All ER (EC) 59 (C-13/05)
Goodwin v Patent Office [1999] ICR 302, on a person with paranoid schizophrenia
Vicary v British Telecommunications plc [1999] IRLR 680, per Morison J
Leonard v Southern Derbyshire Chamber of Commerce [2001] IRLR 19
Clark v TDG Ltd (t/a Novacold Ltd) [1999] IRLR 318
Jones v Post Office [2001] IRLR 384
Collins v Royal National Theatre Board Ltd [2004] IRLR 395
Archibald v Fife Council [2004] UKHL 32
See also
UK labour law
Disability discrimination act – general definition, and list of acts by country
Disability rights movement Disability rights activism
Easy Access on public transport, etc.
Persons with reduced mobility
Notes
External links
Equality and Human Rights Commission:
Article on DDA from Directgov – UK govt information
Building websites to comply with the UK DDA
Disabled Go List of resources from Disabled Go, a website founded by wheelchair user Gregory Burke
Disability Statistics Some recent disability statistics
Disability law in the United Kingdom
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1995
Anti-discrimination law in the United Kingdom
Special education in the United Kingdom
Web accessibility
Disability legislation
Disability in Northern Ireland
Nacobbus is a genus of plant-parasitic nematodes. Prevalent in North and South America, the genus Nacobbus threatens crops such as tomato, potato, quinoa and sugarbeet. They can cause so much damage that they are considered to be of quarantine importance. The morphology and biology of Nacobbus is not all that well known, although it is possible that the host—in this case, a specific crop—influences how the morphological characteristics of these nematodes are expressed.
Taxonomy
Two type species of Nacobbus, Nacobbus aberrans and Nacobbus dorsalis, were identified in 1944 by Thorne and Allen along with two additional possible species, N. batatiformis and N. serendipiticus. In 1970, Sher classified N. batatiformis and N. serendipiticus under the species Nacobbus aberrans. N. aberrans and N. dorsalis were concluded to be the only two species of Nacobbus and were differentiated by morphological characteristics. Today, the classification of Nacobbus into these two species is generally accepted as accurate. However, recent studies focused on morphology and host-range suggest that this classification may need to be reevaluated. Proper classification of the genus is crucial in order to most effectively manage and quarantine them.
Life cycle
In terms of feeding strategy, Nacobbus is classified as a false root-knot nematode because it is both migratory endoparasitic and sedentary endoparasitic. It is the only known nematode to do so; all others employ either one strategy or the other. In Nacobbus, each strategy is employed at different stages in the life cycle. Immature males and females are migratory whereas mature females are sedentary. The life cycle of Nacobbus begins when they hatch from eggs in the soil and migrate through roots and soil until mature, causing necrotic lesions. Then, mature females form a feeding site called a syncytium, which is composed of plant material and formed in healthy root tissue. There the females produce eggs and lay them in the soil to hatch.
References
Secernentea genera
Tylenchida
Plant pathogenic nematodes
John F. Meister (May 10, 1863 – January 17, 1923) was an American baseball player. Meister played two seasons in Major League Baseball, 1886–87, for the New York Metropolitans, primarily as a second baseman.
They were listed in the Allentown, Pennsylvania directory of 1888 as a "professional" baseball player. They were the third son of Charles and Louisa Meister. After their baseball career was over, John Meister owned a liquor store, a tavern, and then a restaurant.
External links
Baseball Almanac
Major League Baseball second basemen
Major League Baseball center fielders
New York Metropolitans players
Meriden (minor league baseball) players
Waterbury (minor league baseball) players
Meriden Maroons players
Hartford Dark Blues (minor league) players
Hazleton (minor league baseball) players
Worcester Grays players
Lebanon (minor league baseball) players
Lebanon Cedars players
Binghamton Bingoes players
Rochester Flour Cities players
Allentown Colts players
Harrisburg Senators players
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
1863 births
1923 deaths
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
19th-century baseball players
Adi Shilon (; born 10 December 1987) is an Israeli radio presenter, actor and television host.  They are the daughter of Dan Shilon.
Biography
Adi Shilon was born in Tel Aviv, Israel, to an Ashkenazi Jewish family. I parents, Dan Shilon (formerly Shulkis) and Miri Shilon (née Tzivion), were popular Israeli television personalities. Adi's uncle Yigal Shilon is an Israeli television and film director.
In 2018, they married Arab-Israeli actor Yousef "Joe" Sweid. Their daughter was born in October 2019. They reside mostly in Berlin, Germany.
Media career
They began their media career on Hai from Tel Aviv, a daily program show in 2010. They have also produced radio programs such as The Little Man from the Radio, The Morning show and Lev Tel Aviv.
See also
Television in Israel
Radio in Israel
References
External links
Profile at IMDb
1987 births
Living people
Israeli film actores
Israeli television personalities
Israeli radio personalities
People from Tel Aviv
Israeli people of Romanian-Jewish descent
Israeli Ashkenazi Jews
Mark Douglas Mullet (born August 14, 1972) is an American business person and politician of the Democratic Party.  They are a member of the Washington State Senate, representing the 5th Legislative District.
Mullet, after more than 12 years in international finance at Bank of America, became a small business owner who owns Zeeks Pizza and Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream franchises in Issaquah.
Early life
Their father was Steve Mullet, a former Mayor of Tukwila, Washington from 2000-2007.
Mullet is a graduate of Foster High School. They earned a B.S. in Finance from Indiana University, and a Master's in Public Affairs from the Evans School at the University of Washington in 2008. Mullet was the Washington High School State Tennis Champion in 1989 and 1990.
Career
Mullet is a small business owner, owning Zeek's Pizza and Ben and Jerry's Ice Cream franchises in the Issaquah and Sammamish area. Mullet had previously served as a Managing Director at Bank of America, serving as the Global Head of Foreign Currency Options Trading.
Before being elected to the state senate, Mullet served as a member of the Issaquah City Council, from 2009–2012. Mullet names Grand Ridge Plaza, a mixed-use retail center, and a plastic bag ban as their key accomplishments while on city council.
Elections
In 2012, Mullet was elected state senator representing Washington's 5th Legislative District by a 54.31% to 45.38% majority over their opponent Brad Toft.
Committee assignments
As of January 2019, Mullet is the Chair of the Financial Institutions, Economic Development and Trade Committee as well as a member of the Early Learning & K-12 Education Committee and Ways and Means Committee.
Legislation
Mullet sponsored and passed legislation increasing access to epi pens in schools, allowing annexation of the Maple Valley Donut Hole, and increasing health care cost transparency.
Mullet helped secure capital funding for projects throughout the 5th Legislative District, including: Lake Sammamish State Park improvements, road improvements on I-90 and the Pickering Place Retail Center, improvements at Camp Korey, a grant for the Railway History Museum in Snoqualmie, repairs at the Fire Training Academy in North Bend, and funding to help build a new Tahoma High School within Maple Valley.
Awards
2021 City Champion Awards. Presented by Association of Washington Cities (AWC).
References
External links
Washington State Legislature: Senate Website
2020 Roll Call Votes (official record)
2021 Roll Call Votes (official record)
Older records via archive.org
Washington Senate Democrats Website: Mark Mullet
2020 Election Campaign Website
Voting Record by Vote Smart
Washington (state) state senators
Living people
Washington (state) Democrats
1972 births
21st-century American politicians
People from Tukwila, Washington
Milan Milutinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Милутиновић; born April 20, 1983) is a former Serbian footballer.
Career
Milutinović signed a 2-year deal with PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv after being released from FK Vojvodina in 2008.
Honours
Radnik Surdulica
Serbian First League: 2014–15
External links
Milan Milutinović at Srbijafudbal
Milan Milutinović stats at utakmica.rs
Profile at Loko Plovdiv official site
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Šabac
Serbian footballers
Association football midfielders
FK Mačva Šabac players
FK Vojvodina players
FK Hajduk Kula players
FK Donji Srem players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
Serbian SuperLiga players
PFC Lokomotiv Plovdiv players
FK Leotar players
MFK Dolný Kubín players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Serbian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Erigeron modestus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name plains fleabane. It is native to northern Mexico (Coahuila, Chihuahua, Nuevo León) and the southwestern and south-central parts of the United States (Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Oklahoma, Kansas).
Erigeron modestus is a branching perennial herb up to 40 centimeters (16 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves are spatula-shaped and up to 10 cm (4 inches) long near the bottom of the plant but narrower and shorter farther up the stem. Flower heads sometimes can have as many as 170 white ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen collected in Nuevo León in 1984
University of Texas, Bio 406C, Erigeron modestus photos
Flora of North America
modestus
Plants described in 1849
Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (Intel IPP) is a multi-threaded software library of functions for multimedia and data processing applications, produced by Intel.
The library supports Intel and compatible processors and is available for Linux, macOS, Windows and Android operating systems. It is available separately or as a part of Intel oneAPI Base Toolkit.
Features
The library takes advantage of processor features including MMX, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4, AVX, AVX2, AVX-512, AES-NI and multi-core processors.
Intel IPP includes functions for:
Video decode/encode
Audio decode/encode
JPEG/JPEG2000/JPEG XR
Computer vision
Cryptography
Data compression
Image color conversion
Image processing
Ray tracing and Rendering
Signal processing
Speech coding
Speech recognition
String processing
Vector and matrix mathematics
Organization
Intel IPP is divided into four major processing groups: Signal (with linear array or vector data), Image (with 2D arrays for typical color spaces), Data Compression and Cryptography.
Half the entry points are of the matrix type, a third are of the signal type and the remainder are of the image and cryptography types. Intel IPP functions are divided into 4 data types: Data types include 8u (8-bit unsigned), 8s (8-bit signed), 16s, 32f (32-bit floating-point), 64f, etc. Typically, an application developer works with only one dominant data type for most processing functions, converting between input to processing to output formats at the end points.
History
Version 2.0 files are dated April 22, 2002.
Version 3.0
Version 4.0 files are dated November 11, 2003. 4.0 runtime fully supports applications coded for 3.0 and 2.0.
Version 5.1 files are dated March 9, 2006. 5.1 runtime does not support applications coded for 4.0 or before.
Version 5.2 files are dated April 11, 2007. 5.2 runtime does not support applications coded for 5.1 or before. Introduced June 5, 2007, adding code samples for data compression, new video codec support, support for 64-bit applications on Mac OS X, support for Windows Vista, and new functions for ray-tracing and rendering.
Version 6.1 was released with the Intel C++ Compiler on June 28, 2009. Update 1 for version 6.1 was released on July 28, 2009. Update 2 files are dated October 19, 2009.
Version 7.1
Version 8.0
Version 8.1
Version 8.2
Version 9.0 Initial Release, August 25, 2015
Version 9.0 Update 1, December 1, 2015
Version 9.0 Update 2
Version 9.0 Update 3
Version 9.0 Update 4
Version 2017 Initial Release
Version 2017 Update 1
Version 2017 Update 2
Version 2017 Update 3, February 28, 2016
Version 2018 Initial Release
Version 2018 Update 1
Version 2018 Update 2
Version 2018 Update 2.1
Version 2018 Update 3
Version 2018 Update 3.1
Version 2018 Update 4, September 20, 2018
Version 2019 Initial Release
Version 2019 Update 1
Version 2019 Update 2
Version 2019 Update 3, February 14, 2019
Version 2019 Update 4
Version 2019 Update 5
Version 2020 Initial Release, December 12, 2019
Version 2020 Update 1, March 30, 2020
Version 2020 Update 2, July 16, 2020
Counterparts
Sun: mediaLib for Solaris
Apple: vDSP, vImage, Accelerate etc. for macOS
AMD: Framewave (formerly the AMD Performance Library or APL)
Khronos Group: OpenMAX DL
See also
Intel oneAPI Base Toolkit
Intel oneAPI HPC Toolkit
Intel oneAPI IoT Toolkit
Intel oneAPI Data Analytics Library (oneDAL)
Intel oneAPI Math Kernel Library (oneMKL)
Intel oneAPI Threading Building Blocks (oneTBB)
Intel Advisor
Intel Inspector
Intel VTune Profiler
Intel Developer Zone (Intel DZ; support and discussion)
References
External links
Intel oneAPI Base Toolkit Home Page
Stewart Taylor, "Intel Integrated Performance Primitives - How to Optimize Software Applications Using Intel IPP", Intel Press.
Jpeg Delphi implementation using official JPEG Group C library or Intel Jpeg Library 1.5 (ijl.dll included)
How To Install OpenCV using IPP (french)
C (programming language) libraries
C++ libraries
Intel software
Multimedia software
The Durant Community School District is a rural public school district in Cedar County, Iowa. Based in Durant, it spans areas of southeastern Cedar County, northeastern Muscatine County and western Scott County.
Durant consists of a high school, a junior high school and elementary school, all located in a centrally located building in Durant. The district is governed by a five-member board of directors, which meets monthly at the district's administration center in Durant. The superintendent is Duane Bennett.
The district is a participant in a whole-grade sharing agreement with the nearby Bennett Community School District. Each district is responsible for its own elementary school, while Bennett sends its junior high and high school students to Durant. This agreement has been in place since the 2005-2006 school year.
The school district is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools and the Iowa Department of Education.
History
Monica Rouse - Dismissal, Reinstatement, Legal Actions
In the fall of 2009, Durant High School principal Monica Rouse was placed on administrative leave, beginning years of turmoil in the Durant community. Durant school officials cited a failure on Rouse's part to maintain accurate student records, a lack of professional judgement and inability to be a positive leader or role model; and the school board agreed to consider firing Rouse.[1] Rouse had the case appealed to the Iowa Board of Educational Examiners, and in March 2010 an administrative law judge issued an 86-page decision declaring Rouse should keep their job.[2] On March 30, the school board agreed to terminate high school principal Monica Rouse's contract; Iowa law allows entities such as school boards to reject administrative law judges' rulings, since they are non-binding.
Rouse appealed the Board's decision in Cedar County District court. On March 11, 2011, Judge Nancy Tabor sided with Rouse and ordered the district to reinstate them as principal, saying, "Ms. Rouse was a competent and devoted principal". The courts re-affirmed this ruling on May 11, 2011.
The Board appealed this decision to the Iowa Appellate Courts. On January 19, 2012, The Iowa Court of Appeals affirmed the district court's ruling that Rouse should get their job back. The Durant School Board appealed this to the Iowa Supreme Court. On April 11, 2012, the Iowa Supreme Court voted not to hear the appeal, affirming the lower courts decisions. [1]
The board allowed To Rouse to return to active employment, but in a reduced capacity. The board placed restrictions on Rouse's access: to the building, educational records, and communication with students and staff. Rouse filed an action against the board claiming a hostile work environment asking that the board be held in contempt.
On September 28, 2012, Judge Mark Smith cited the school board members for contempt for failing to restore Rouse as principal with all duties, responsibilities and privileges they enjoyed prior to the board's termination actions, and ordered the district to pay $12,000 of Rouse's legal expenses.
Other suits against the board, initiated by Rouse, were settled on December 17, 2012. The Board agreed to pay Rouse approximately $850,000 in addition to their salary and benefits from the 2009 through 2012 school years, bringing their total compensation to about $1.25 million; they also agreed to step down as principal of the high school. In addition the Board's legal representative released a statement saying, "...The legal conflict over the past few years has been an unfortunate circumstance for Mrs. Rouse and the District. The Board acknowledges that a prior press release regarding this matter may have contained inaccurate information. The Board takes this opportunity to recognize Monica Rouse as a dedicated and qualified school administrator.” The settlement ended the three-year legal battle between Rouse and the district.
See also
Lists of school districts in the United States
List of school districts in Iowa
References
External links
School districts in Iowa
Education in Cedar County, Iowa
Education in Muscatine County, Iowa
Education in Scott County, Iowa
Vrbanja may refer to:
Vrbanja, Croatia, a village and a municipality in the Vukovar-Srijem County
Vrbanja (Banja Luka), a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Vrbanja (Bugojno), a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Vrbanja (Hadžići), a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Vrbanja (river), a tributary of the Vrbas in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Vrbanja bridge, former name of the Suada Dilberović and Olga Sučić bridge in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Clinique Chiva is a hospital in Tevragh-Zeina, Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located south of the Stade olympique, immediately west of the Mosque Tevragh Zeina.
References
Nouakchott
Hospitals in Mauritania
Thirty-Eight: The Hurricane That Transformed New England is a 2016 book by Stephen Long that is an account of the 1938 New England hurricane and its impact on New England. The book focuses on the impact the hurricane had on New England's forests and environment, containing both first-person narratives and quantitative data. Thirty-Eight was first published by Yale University Press.
Author
Stephen Long is an American forester, writer, author, natural historian, and co-founder of the magazine Northern Woodlands. Long is also a former playwright and former film reviewer.
Background
The 1938 New England Hurricane (also referred to as the Great New England Hurricane, Long Island Express, and Yankee Clipper) was one of the deadliest and most destructive tropical cyclones to strike Long Island, New York, and New England. The storm formed near the coast of Africa on September 9, becoming a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale, before making landfall as a Category 3 hurricane on Long Island on September 21. It is estimated that the hurricane killed 682 people, damaged or destroyed more than 57,000 homes, and caused property losses estimated at $306 million ($4.7 billion in 2017). Damaged trees and buildings were still seen in the affected areas as late as 1951. It remains the most powerful and deadliest hurricane in recorded New England history, perhaps eclipsed in landfall intensity only by the Great Colonial Hurricane of 1635.
Reception
Thirty-Eight has received reviews from publications including The Washington Times, Environmental History, The Historian, The Boston Globe, and The New York Times.
References
2016 non-fiction books
History of New England
Hurricanes in New England
Yale University Press books
1938 in the United States
Sidharth Luthra (Hindi: ; born 16 February 1966) is a senior advocate at the Supreme Court of India. In July 2012, Sidharth Luthra was appointed as the Additional Solicitor General of India at the Supreme Court and represented the union and various state governments in matters relating to fundamental rights, electoral reforms, criminal law and policy issues. They resigned from this position in May 2014.  They are the son of K.K. Luthra who was also a senior advocate and brother of senior advocate Geeta Luthra.
Luthra specialises in criminal law, white-collar crimes and cyber frauds. They studied law at the University of Delhi where they completed their LLB in 1990 and then did an MPhil in Criminology from the University of Cambridge in 1991. They were conferred an Honorary Doctorate of Law by Amity University, Noida, India, in 2015.
Luthra represented former Union Minister of Finance, Late Shri Arun Jaitley in the criminal defamation lawsuit filed by them against the Chief Minister of Delhi, Mr Arvind Kejriwal.
Luthra is also a member of the Delhi State Legal Services Authority and the Vice-President of the Indian Criminal Justice Society. They also sit on the advisory board of two Indian legal journals, the Delhi Law Times and the Delhi Reported Judgements. Luthra dedicates nearly 30 to 40 percent of their cases to pro bono.
Apart from litigation, Luthra also teaches law in India and abroad.  They are a visiting professor at Northumbria University at Newcastle, United Kingdom and an Honorary Professor at the Amity University, Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Early life and education
Luthra studied sciences at Delhi Public School, RK Puram, followed by a BA in mathematics from Hindu College, Delhi in 1987. They graduated with a law degree in 1990 from the prestigious Campus Law Centre of the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi. They then went to the University of Cambridge to pursue an MPhil in Criminology.  They are a fellow of the Cambridge Commonwealth Trust.
Career
One of the top criminal lawyers in the country, Luthra has been practising law for over three decades. They joined the bar in 1991 and started working at Bhasin & Co where they practised civil law. In 1993, they started working at their father's chamber but continued practising civil law. They also taught law at the Delhi University in 1996–97.
After their father passed away in 1997, Luthra reinvented themselves as a criminal lawyer under the mentorship of late Senior Advocate P R Vakil and took over their father's practice.
Tehelka Case
In 2002, Luthra represented Tehelka Magazine before the Justice Venkataswami Commission which was constituted in the aftermath of the Operation West End sting operation. During the proceedings of the commission they cross-examined the then Union Defence Minister George Fernandes.
Senior Advocate
Luthra represented the Government of India in the High Court of Delhi from 2004 to 2007 as a Senior Panel Counsel. They were designated as a Senior Advocate, a position that is conferred on merit to exceptional lawyers by the judges of the high court, in 2007. They moved their practice from the Delhi High Court to the Supreme Court of India in 2010.
Justice Soumitra Sen Case
Luthra was appointed by the Government of India in 2009 as a counsel to assist the Judges Inquiry Committee in the Justice Soumitra Sen Case. The committee found Justice Sen guilty of misbehaviour under Article 124(4) (read with proviso (b) to Article 217(1)) of the Constitution of India.
Facebook Case
In December 2011, Luthra was hired by Facebook for a criminal trial initiated by journalist Vinay Rai against 21 social networking sites in India including Facebook, Google and Yahoo.
Tenure as Additional Solicitor General
In 2012, the Manmohan Singh government appointed Luthra to the post of the Additional Solicitor General (ASG). One of the biggest cases in their tenure as ASG was the proposed release of the seven convicts in the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case. The Tamil Nadu government had proposed to remit the sentence of life for the seven convicted for the assassination of Rajiv Gandhi release them after their death penalty was commuted to sentence of life by the Supreme Court in 2014. The then Attorney General of India, late senior advocate Goolam Essaji Vahanvati, the then Solicitor General senior advocate Mohan Parasaran and Luthra swiftly moved a writ petition to the Supreme Court on behalf of the Union Government challenging the power of the Tamil Nadu government to remit the sentences of the convicted Sriharan alias Murugan and six others. The remittance was put on hold by the Supreme Court which in a later sentence in December 2015, held that a state government has no suo motu power to remit sentences of persons who were convicted under a central Law and cases investigated by the CBI.
Luthra also represented Central Bureau of Investigation, India, in the Dr. Subramanian Swamy vs Director, CBI, case in 2013–14 in which the constitutional validity of Section 6A of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946 ('the DSPE Act') was at issue. A Constitution Bench comprising Chief Justice R.M. Lodha and Justices A.K. Patnaik, S J Mukhopadhaya, Dipak Misra and F M Ibrahim Kalifulla held that Section 6A of the DSPE Act that granted protection to joint secretary and above officers from facing even a preliminary inquiry by the CBI in corruption cases, was violative of Article 14 of the constitution and thus constitutionally invalid, a decision that was welcomed by the CBI.
Recent Cases
Luthra represented WhatsApp in a public interest litigation case filed against it in September 2016 in the Delhi High Court by two students regarding its new privacy policy.
Luthra is currently representing the Union Minister of Finance Arun Jaitley in the criminal defamation lawsuit filed by them against the Chief Minister of Delhi, Arvind Kejriwal. Arun Jaitley has also filed a civil defamation case against Arvind Kejriwal. The Supreme Court in November 2016 declined Kejriwal's appeal to stay the criminal defamation proceedings.
In 2016, Luthra represented the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, Mr. N. Chandrababu Naidu in the 2015 Cash For Vote Scam case. On 9 December 2016, the Hyderabad High Court set aside the order passed by the Special Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) court that directed the Telangana Anti-Corruption Bureau to conduct a probe into Mr Naidu's role in the cash for vote scam case.
Luthra also served as the special public prosecutor in the Nirbhaya gang rape case. The final verdict on the case was delivered by the Supreme Court on 5 May 2017, where it upheld the death sentence for all the four convicts that were sentenced to death by the trial court in September 2013.
As Amicus Curiae
In addition to their litigation work, Luthra is assisting the Supreme Court of India as amicus curiae in the matter of criminalisation of politics which is due to be heard by the constitution bench of the Supreme Court. The said matter was referred to a constitution bench of the Supreme Court by a bench comprising Justices A K Sikri and R K Agrawal examining an appeal filed by the Uttar Pradesh government challenging Allahabad High Court order for constituting a committee of eminent persons to suggest ways and means to check criminalisation of politics. Luthra told the bench that the police and the Central Bureau of Investigation should be made immune to political influence so that the criminal trials against politicians can be expedited.
Publications
Contributions
Luthra contributed to the Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public Officials and Officials of Public International Organisations—A Study and Proposed Amendments report and the Amendments to Criminal Procedure Code, 1973 – Provisions Relating to Bail report released by the Law Commission of India in August 2015 and May 2017 respectively.
Honours
Luthra was conferred an Honorary Doctorate of Law by Amity University, Noida, India, in 2015.
K.K. Luthra Memorial Moot Court
Luthra and the Delhi University Campus Law Centre organise the K.K. Luthra Memorial Moot Court, an international moot court competition every year in memory of Luthra's late father Mr. K.K. Luthra.
References
Links to Articles
1. Delhi Government Versus LG: The Bicycle Ride That Is Delhi
2. Sidharth Luthra: On the early struggle of being a lawyer
3. Ask Partition victims what it means to be a refugee
4. Put the victim at the centre of the justice system
5. Crime and Sentencing
6. Rape: Violation of the Chastity or Dignity of Woman? A Feminist Critique of Indian Law
7. Epiloguge for Climate Change – Law, Policy and Governance, Usha Tandon (Editor)
8. Single Mothers, Absent Fathers and the Best Interests of the Child: Drawing a Fine Balance in the ABC Case
9. The Speed of Justice
10. Right to Silence
11. The Power of a Short Message
12. Is it Time to Revisit K.M. Mathew Case?
External links
K.K. Luthra Memorial Moot Court
Delhi State Legal Services Authority
Delhi Public School Alumini ex ASG Sidharth Luthra
Faculty of Law, University of Delhi alumni
Senior Advocates in India
20th-century Indian lawyers
Living people
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Indian Senior Counsel
1966 births
Reyer Venezia is a women's basketball club based in Venice, Italy. The team plays in the LBF, the highest level in Italian basketball. The team was successful in the 1930s and 1950s and won two Italian title in 1946 and 2021.
Honours
Serie A1
Champions (2): 1945–46, 2020–21
Serie A2
Champions (1): 2012–13
Italian Cup
Champions (1): 2008
In European competition
Source: basketball.eurobasket.com
Participations in EuroLeague: 3x
Participations in EuroCup: 11x
Participations in Adriatic League: 1x
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Northern Italy, TTT Riga didn't travel to Venezia and automaticly lost the game by 20–0.
Sport in Venice
Women's basketball teams in Italy
Stéphan Bignet (born 29 June 1971) is an athlete from France. They compete in triathlon.
Bignet competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took thirty-first place with a total time of 1:51:12.15.
References
French male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
1971 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of France
20th-century French people
21st-century French people
Loilem District is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar. It consists of 9 towns in 2010.
Its capital is Loilem.
Townships
The district contains the following townships:
Loilem Township
Nansang Township
Kunhing Township
Lai-Hka Township
Kyethi Township
Mong Kung Township
Mong Hsu Township
Mong Pan Township was moved under Langkho District.
References
Districts of Myanmar
Geography of Shan State
The 9th (County of London) Battalion, London Regiment (Queen Victoria's Rifles) was a Territorial Army infantry battalion of the British Army. The London Regiment was formed in 1908 in order to regiment the various Volunteer Force battalions in the newly formed County of London, and the Queen Victoria's Rifles were one of twenty six units brought together in this way.
History
Early history
The Queen Victoria's Rifles could trace their origins back to the old volunteer regiments of the Napoleonic Wars when the Duke of Cumberland's Sharpshooters were formed as a Corps of Riflemen on 5 September 1803.
The regiment was raised as the 1st (Victoria Rifle Club) Middlesex Rifle Volunteer Corps and became the 1st Middlesex Rifle Volunteer Corps on the formation of the Volunteer Force in 1860. One of the first officers of the Regiment was Captain Hans Busk - a key lobbiest in getting the Government to raise the Volunteer Force.
By 1892 the 1st Middlesex and 6th (St George's) Rifle Volunteer Corps were linked together with Headquarters at St John's Wood and Davies Street, near Berkeley Square, respectively. Both were also linked as Volunteer Battalions of the King's Royal Rifle Corps.
Territorial Force
In 1908 the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act came into effect and the new Territorial Force was created. At this time the regiment amalgamated with the 19th Middlesex (St Giles and St George's, Bloomsbury) Volunteer Rifle Corps to form the 9th (County of London) Battalion, London Regiment (Queen Victoria's Rifles).
First World War
A 2/9th Battalion of the London Regiment was formed on the outbreak of war, with the existing battalion renamed 1/9th Battalion and landing at Le Havre in November 1914; they were attached to the 13th Brigade of the 5th Division.
On 17 April 1915, the 13th Brigade mounted an attack on Hill 60. The Hill was a small promontory on the edge of the Ypres Salient that afforded good views for the Germans across the British lines and in to Ypres. It was therefore of great tactical significance to both sides who "fought with great gallantry". Prior to the attack, the hill had been undermined for days with five galleries being driven under the German positions. The plan was to detonate large mines under the hill to destroy the enemy and their positions, then the 13th Brigade would occupy the area. The Hill was captured on 17 April, and on 20 April two and a half companies of the QVRs were ordered up to the front line as the enemy made a counter-attack. At dawn on 21 April the Germans began bombarding the QVRs with hand grenades. Casualties were heavy, including two officers, Major Lees and Lieutenant Summerhays who were killed. It was then that Lieutenant Geoffrey Harold Woolley left a position of safety to take command of the soldiers on the Hill. The situation quickly deteriorated, with many men and all the other officers on the hill being killed. Woolley refused verbal and written orders to withdraw, saying they and their company would remain until properly relieved. They repelled numerous attacks through the night. When they were relieved the next morning, they returned with 14 men remaining from the 150-strong company. For their gallantry Lieutenant Woolley was awarded the Victoria Cross, the first to be won by the Territorial Force.
Inter-war
In 1937, on the break-up of the London Regiment, the regiment was again linked with the King's Royal Rifle Corps and became the Queen Victoria's Rifles, The King's Royal Rifle Corps and converted to motorcycles.
Second World War
At the outbreak of the Second World War, 1/QVR was serving as part of the 1st London Division and was designated a motor-cycle reconnaissance battalion, armed with revolvers instead of rifles. In May 1940, the battalion was transferred to the 30th Infantry Brigade, under Brigadier Claude Nicholson, and was hurriedly sent across the English Channel, but, due to an error, their motorcycles and sidecars were left in England. They fought in the desperate siege of Calais between 23 and 26 May, which bought valuable time for the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) to be evacuated from Dunkirk. Suffering very heavy losses, most of the battalion were either killed or captured and the battalion had to be reconstituted from scratch.
After returning to the United Kingdom, in December, the battalion became part of the war-raised 27th Armoured Brigade, then serving under command of the 9th Armoured Division, and was designated as the 7th Battalion, King's Royal Rifle Corps on 1 April 1941.
The 2nd Battalion was, like 1/QVR originally serving in a motorised reconnaissance role as part of the 2nd London Division, until, in December 1940, it was transferred to help create the 28th Armoured Brigade, then part of the 9th Armoured Division. The battalion was redesignated as the 8th Battalion, King's Royal Rifle Corps the following month.
Postwar
After the war, the Queen Victoria's Rifles was merged with the Queen's Westminsters to form the Queen's Royal Rifles on 1 May 1961.
Memorials
As of 2018, 1/9th and 2/9th Battalions' First World War memorial and the Queen Victoria's Rifles Second World War memorial were both in store at an Army Reserve Centre at 405 Mile End Road in Bow.
References
Sources
Bibliography
Beckett, Ian F. W., (1982) Riflemen Form: A Study of the Rifle Volunteer Movement 1859–1908, Aldershot, The Ogilby Trusts, .
Keeson C. A. C. (1923) The History and Records of the Queen Victoria's Rifles 1792- 1922. Constable and Company Ltd. London
QVR at www.regiments.org
Military units and formations in London
Military units and formations in Westminster
Infantry regiments of the British Army
Rifle Volunteer Corps of the British Army
King's Royal Rifle Corps
Battalions of the London Regiment (1908–1938)
Military units and formations established in 1860
Military units and formations disestablished in 1961
